['After the mayor of the fictional village San Pedro de los Saguaros is lynched by angry villagers, a petty PRI party member named Juan Vargas  is appointed temporary mayor by the state governor. At first the new mayor attempts to do good but a lack of funds cripples his efforts, and the bribe of a brothel owner sets him on the path to corruption. Seeking help from his superior, the secretary to the PRI governor, he is given a copy of the constitution of Mexico and a revolver and is told that the only law is Herod\'s law: literally translated: "either you get fucked or you get buggered." . When Vargas thus has become the executive, legislature and judiciary of the village all in one person he soon becomes corrupt, first accepting a bribe from brothel owner Doña Lupe, and soon moving on to extort all of the villagers. When questioned, he declares that he is funding a new project to bring electricity to the village - a farce which is revealed when only one utility pole is raised. Vargas becomes progressively more corrupt, levying false accusations against the local doctor (an obstreperous [[National Action Party , and killing Doña Lupe after she resists his authoritarianism. Vargas seems to meet his demise when he is surrounded by a crowd of torch-wielding villagers, but reappears at the very end of the film delivering a speech to the Mexican National Congress. As Vargas says in his speech that the PRI must stay in power forever, the film cuts to the scene of a new mayor coming to San Pedro de los Saguaros in exactly the same way that Vargas did.'] ["A young man returns home from the army, to stand for his family's parliamentary seat. He is the first in many generations to lose it, and he faces a number of problems in trying to win it back."] ['On the morning after his re-election, US President Joseph Staton  decides to read the newspaper for the first time in four years. This starts him down a slippery slope. He begins reading obsessively, reexamining his "black-and-white" view of the world in a more "gray-seeming" way, and holing up in his bedroom in his pajamas. Frightened by the President\'s apparent nervous breakdown, his Chief of Staff  pushes him back into the spotlight, booking him as a guest judge on the television ratings juggernaut , the weekly talent show American Dreamz, a show similar in format to the modern-day American Idol. America cannot seem to get enough of American Dreamz, hosted by self-aggrandizing, self-loathing Martin Tweed , ever on the lookout for the next insta-celebrity. His latest crop of hopefuls includes Sally Kendoo , a conniving steel magnolia with a devoted, dopey veteran boyfriend William Williams ([[Chris Klein , and Omer Obeidi . Because Omer\'s mother died in the Middle East in an American attack, he joined a group of jihadists. He was an actor in an instruction film for terrorists, but he was too clumsy, and his interest in Western music was frowned upon. Therefore he was sent to the U.S. to await further instructions, but the leaders expected they could not use him. He moved to Southern California to live with his extended family there, including his effeminate cousin Iqbal  and Shazzy . Iqbal hoped to be selected to participate in American Dreamz, but in a misunderstanding Omer was selected instead. Iqbal becomes his manager. Omer\'s terrorist organization now sees an opportunity: Omer is instructed to make it to the finale, and kill the President in a suicide attack. He succeeds in getting to the finale. Security is bypassed by assembling the bomb after the security check, in the toilet, from small parts smuggled in. Small pieces of explosive are disguised as chewing gum. Omer agrees, but changes his mind and disposes of the bomb in the trash can. Sally is the other finalist. Earlier she dumped William. He went into the army, was wounded in Iraq, and came back to the U.S. For the purpose of the show, Sally pretends she still loves William. However, he sees Sally having sex with Martin, and is furious. After he finds the bomb in the trash can, he comes on stage and threatens to detonate it. While the other people evacuate, William starts singing and Martin, who refuses to let go of the camera, films it. As William reaches the end of the song, he detonates the bomb by walking into the camera, killing both himself and Martin. The film then cuts to shots of people dialing up their cell phones to vote in for the winner. It is eventually revealed that William Williams is the surprise winner of American Dreamz. The end of the film reveals what each of the characters went on to do after the end of last season. Omer went on to become a successful star of his own Broadway revue. At the end of the film he appears in a scene from the musical Grease. The President makes his wife his new Chief of Staff. And Sally Kendoo becomes the new host of American Dreamz.'] ["The film tells the story of Armaan Ali , a Muslim driver working in Mumbai, who takes a one month leave from his employer to find a groom for his daughter Muskaan , who lives in a village, distant from Hyderabad. Armaan does not turn up for three months, and his employer makes the difficult decision to sack him, but he asks his boss to listen to why he could not come. Getting soft, his employer allows him to drive to Pune where he has a meeting. Armaan starts the story from here. In Armaan's village, many problems include a rising drought situation and financial difficulties due to the antics of his twin brother, who has a bad reputation for debt addiction and theft. In the opening, a man named Arif demands 500 rupees from Armaan. Eventually, Muskaan pays the debt to Arif and Armaan's brother is arrested, later on released. To solve the drought problem, he goes to a government office to build a well, with a friend. There, he goes through stages such as explaining what he wants and even having his photo taken. Muskaan, on the other hand falls, in love with a man called Arif, of which Armaan does not approve at first but later is pleased with. Armaan does not receive the well he wanted and sits in despair. He and Muskaan try to tell the police inspector about the well that was 'stolen', but the inspector finds the story rather silly and is even stubborn enough to not listen to what they have to say. Disturbed, Armaan and Muskaan launch a protest with several villagers against the police inspector, later on to the justice minister, where the minister punishes the inspector for his slack behaviour. The inspector, realising his mistakes and behaviour, then starts to approach the people in a more orthodox way. The justice minister then allows the government people to build the well for the villagers and punishes them all for not doing what they are supposed to do. With the drought problem solved, Armaan decides that Muskaan should marry an Arab sheikh. Muskaan does not accept her father's offer and even has an argument about this. The issue is even more heated when she receives a letter from her friend, Sakina, which involved her getting beat up by her sheikh husband and getting kicked out, shocking Armaan and Sakina's mother. Disturbed, Armaan then decides that Muskaan should marry Arif, much to her delight. With the two of Armaan's problems solved, he ends his story at an awards ceremony, which in his perspective was a 'big drama', as the stage literally collapsed, delighting people. With his employer convinced, he then allows Armaan to work for him again."] ['Republican Senator Russell Kramer  wins the Presidential election, narrowly defeating Democratic Governor Matt Douglas . Four years later, Douglas wins a landslide victory over the incumbent Kramer. Another four years later, Kramer\'s former Vice President William Haney  defeats incumbent Douglas. Ted Matthews ([[John Heard , the Vice President under Haney, is widely seen as an idiot and becomes a continuing embarrassment for the Haney administration. A further three years later, Kramer spends his time writing books and speaking at various inconsequential functions. Meanwhile, Douglas is finishing his own book and going through a divorce. Kramer and Douglas are sent to a funeral aboard Air Force One by Haney, and spend the trip arguing with each other. The Democratic party learn about "Olympia", a series of bribes from defense contractor Charlie Reynolds  paid to Haney when he was Vice President. The Democratic National Committee chairman Joe Hollis  encourages Douglas to investigate further while Haney and his Chief of Staff Carl Witnaur  plot to frame Kramer. Hollis tells Douglas that the Democrats will support him for a Presidential run in return for his help. Douglas takes the offer hoping to beat Haney and get back into the Oval Office. When the rumors of Olympia begin to suggest that Kramer was involved, Kramer begins his own investigation. NSA agent Colonel Paul Tanner  has Reynolds assassinated when he attempts to tell Douglas the truth about Olympia. Kramer arrives at the scene and spots Reynolds\' body. Before they can flee, Douglas and Kramer are forced to board a helicopter by White House officials, claiming to be taking them to Camp David at the request of Haney. During the flight Douglas realizes that the helicopter is heading in the wrong direction. Suspicious, the former presidents force the pilots to land the helicopter. They leave just before the helicopter explodes. Kramer and Douglas are left stranded, with the realization that the explosion was meant to kill them. They decide to go to Kramer\'s Presidential Library in Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio to obtain a record Kramer kept of all meals served during his time in the White House, which will prove Haney was present at a key meeting with Reynolds. During a series of misadventures, the two ex-Presidents meet a variety of ordinary Americans and see the effects their terms in office have had. After several close encounters with NSA agents, they arrive at the library and discover the evidence has been tampered with to implicate Kramer. A library guard gives Kramer a message from Reynolds\' secretary stating that Witnaur had recently met with Reynolds. Douglas and Kramer kidnap Witnaur and with Joe Hollis\'s help, force him to reveal the plot to frame Kramer, though Witnaur claims to have no knowledge of the attempts on their lives, blaming Tanner and Haney. Douglas and Kramer go to the White House to confront Haney. The pair manage to sneak into the White House with the help of the White House Executive Chef Rita and make it to the Oval Office only to discover that Haney is giving a press conference outside about their supposed deaths. Tanner traps Douglas and Kramer in a guest room but they utilize a secret tunnel to escape while the NSA give chase. Tanner catches up with them and is about to shoot them when he himself is killed by Secret Service Sniper Lieutenant Ralph Fleming, who has recognized the former presidents due to their accidental marching in a gay pride parade he was part of and disobeys orders to shoot them. Douglas and Kramer interrupt Haney\'s speech and take him to the Oval Office to talk. There they play Haney a tape of Witnaur\'s confession, but Haney denies knowledge of Reynolds\' murder or the helicopter explosion. Haney agrees to resign and proceeds to give a resignation speech, claiming to have heart problems. Douglas and Kramer muse that the idiotic Matthews will now be elevated from Vice President to President and realize that the only way it could have happened was under these circumstances. The pair confront Matthews who admits that he, not Haney, had engineered the entire plot so that he could become President, knowing Haney would take the fall. Matthews explains that his stupidity was just an act, but Douglas records his confession. Matthews is sent to jail. Nine months later, Douglas and Kramer are running together as independents in the Presidential election, arguing which of them will be the nominee for president. Douglas distracts Kramer by throwing a dollar on the floor, and takes to the podium to announce himself as the Presidential candidate, much to the chagrin of Kramer.'] ['An iconic rock legend, Jack Fate , is bailed out of prison to perform a one-man benefit concert for a decaying future North American society. The film touches on many subjects from the futility of politics, the confusion of loosely strung government conspiracies, and the chaos created by both anarchy and Nineteen Eighty-Four-styled totalitarianism. It further reflects on life, dreams, and God\'s place in a seemingly increasingly chaotic world. In some ways, the film is political: it describes how Fate sees the political landscape  but at the same time Fate makes it clear that he "was always a singer and maybe no more than that". He produces no solutions to any of the problems the film presents. Rather, he makes it clear that he "stopped trying to figure everything out a long time ago."'] ['Fielding Mellish  is the main character, but he does not appear until after the opening credits. The cold open, which featured the assassination of the president of the fictional "banana republic" of San Marcos that completed a coup d\'état bringing Gen. Emilio Molina Vargas  to power, sets up the situation that Mellish would enter later in the movie. The scene was in the form of a championship boxing telecast on Wide World of Sports, with Don Dunphy as the host and Howard Cosell as the commentator.Warren, James. "Press Goes \'Bananas,\'" Chicago Tribune, Sunday, October 30, 1994. Mellish is a neurotic blue collar man who tries to impress social activist Nancy  by trying to get in touch with the revolution in San Marcos. He visits the republic and attempts to show his concern for the native people. However, nearly killed by the local caudillo, only to be saved by the revolutionaries, he is then indebted to help them. Mellish clumsily learns how to be a revolutionary. When the revolution is successful, the Castro-style leader goes mad, forcing the rebels to place Mellish as their President. When traveling back to the U.S. to obtain financial aid, he reunites with his activist ex-girlfriend and is exposed. In a classic courtroom scene, Mellish tries to defend himself from a series of incriminating witnesses, including a reigning Miss America and a middle-aged African-American woman who facetiously claims to be J. Edgar Hoover and is taken seriously by the whole court. One of the witnesses did provide testimony favorable to Mellish, but the court clerk twisted it to make him appear thoroughly dishonest. Mellish is eventually sentenced to prison, but his sentence is suspended on the condition that he does not move into the judge\'s neighborhood. Nancy then agrees to marry him. The film ends with the between-the-covers consummation of their marriage, an event that was over much more quickly than Nancy had anticipated. Like the opening scene, it was accompanied by Cosell providing commentary.'] ["Sachiko Hanai  works as a call girl or soap girl specializing in sexual roleplay, or cosplay. In her work, Sachiko portrays a home-tutor, hence the film's original title, Horny Home Tutor: Teacher’s Love Juice. While at a café after one job, she witnesses an altercation between two men, one a North Korean and the other from the Middle East, who turn out to be spies in the middle of a transaction. When the argument escalates to gun-play, Sachiko foolishly starts to take a cell-phone picture of the incident and is shot in the forehead. Rather than killing her, the bullet lodges in her brain and gives her extraordinary mental powers, including the ability to understand languages of which she previously had no knowledge, arcane philosophical insight, advanced mathematical knowledge, and ESP. After fleeing from the scene, she finds a metal cylinder in her pocket which contains a cloned copy of the finger of United States President George W. Bush. While waiting in Sachiko's house to reclaim the finger, the North Korean falls in love with her. Sachiko befriends and makes love to a philosophy professor and the professor hires her as his son's tutor. The professor's wife becomes suspicious and goes to a detective, who happens to be the man who shot Sachiko. Because Bush's fingerprint is capable of unleashing a nuclear holocaust, the North Korean wants the cylinder back. In the end he takes Sachiko and she uses her powers to direct them to a cave where they find a machine that can decide the fate of the world.Synopsis based on Official American website and {{cite web}} Palm Pictures has the American distribution rights and has promoted the film with their own trailers while Argo Pictures retains the original rights for Japan"] ['The film is set in Moscow not long after the October Revolution where a complaining stray dog looks for food and shelter. A well-off well-known surgeon Filip Filippovich Preobrazhensky happens to need a dog and lures the animal to his big home annex practice with a piece of sausage. The dog is named Sharik and well taken care of by the doctor\'s maids, but still wonders why he\'s there. He finds out too late he\'s needed as a test animal: the doctor implants a pituitary gland and testicles of a recently deceased alcoholic and petty criminal Klim Chugunkin into Sharik. Sharik proceeds to become more and more human during the next days. After his transition to human is complete, it turns out that he inherited all the negative traits of the donor - bad manners, aggressiveness, use of profanity, heavy drinking - but still hates cats. He picks for himself an absurd name Poligraf Poligrafovich Sharikov, starts working at the "Moscow Cleansing Department responsible for eliminating vagrant quadrupeds " and associating with revolutionaries, who plot to drive Preobrazhensky out of his big apartment. Eventually he turns the life in the professor\'s house into a nightmare by stealing money, breaking his furniture, a water ballet during a cat chase and blackmailing into marriage a girl he met at the cinema. The professor with his assistant are then urged to reverse the procedure. Sharikov turns back into a dog. As Sharik he does remember little about what has happened to him but isn\'t much concerned about that. To his content he is left to life in the professor\'s apartment.'] ['The movie opens with Ruth Stoops and a man  having intercourse on a bed in a flophouse, after which he disrespectfully throws her out of the apartment. She later goes to a hardware store to buy patio sealant and huffs it in a paper bag in an alley to get high. Ruth is portrayed as a dumb, inebriated addict, capable of doing nearly anything to get money or drugs. Ruth has 4 kids, all of whom have been taken from her custody by the state because of her inability to care for them . Her kids are scattered among three different homes. Ruth goes to the home of her brother and sister-in-law to sneak a look at two of her kids and to beg her brother for money. After Ruth is arrested for her continuing drug use, she learns that she is pregnant again. At her arraignment, she learns to her horror that she is facing felony charges; her many earlier arrests had all been on misdemeanor charges. The judge, who knows of the situation with Ruth\'s other offspring, suggests to her after the hearing that he will deal with her less harshly if she has an abortion. Through a chance encounter with a group of jailed abortion protesters, Ruth soon finds herself at the center of an escalating battle between people on both sides of the abortion issue. Both sides engage in deceitful tactics to influence Ruth\'s decision. The pro-life people run a fake abortion clinic, where they actually seek to dissuade patients from receiving the proffered service. The pro-choice people have "spies" in the pro-life group who spirit Ruth away. Both sides offer incentives into the thousands of dollars to the hapless and exhilarated woman to secure her promise that she keep or abort the child. Wise for the dollar, Ruth rampantly encourages the bidding. She becomes the object of a local news and political obsession; a figure of the media whom all want to know: Will she or won\'t she have an abortion? On the day Ruth is to receive her abortion, she suffers a miscarriage. Going along with the pretense of having the abortion, she proceeds to the clinic to collect $15,000 that has been left there for her by one of the security guards of the clinic who believes in personal freedom. He has personally given her the money, free of organizational sponsorship, to match the bid given by the Pro-Life group, so that she can make her decision without the influence of money. She then breaks out of the clinic by dropping a toilet tank cover on a guard\'s head and walks by oblivious protesters on both sides. Even though she\'d been on the TV news for weeks, none of the picketers on either side pay any attention to her actual presence. Finally standing up, she runs away down the street. A running joke in the movie is a "Success in Finance" type tape produced by an Amway type company. Ruth takes the tape and studies it to determine what to do with her new found money.'] ['Teddy Bears\' Picnic covers an annual encampment of prominent male leaders at the Zambezi Glen, a thinly-veiled reference to the Bohemian Grove. The movie starts out with the first ever women\'s day at the glen, where wives and girlfriends of Zambezi members are invited to visit the glen ahead of the annual encampment, which also serves to introduce the glen and the characters to the audience. The actual retreat itself begins after the members have returned without any women and kicks off with the "Assassination of Time", based on the real Cremation of Care at the Bohemian Grove, with a pelican replacing the latter\'s owl. After that, the festivities begin, including an all-male chorus line in drag, which is photographed by one of the club employees who smuggles out the pictures to the news media. This violation of the privacy of the glen causes the leaders of the membership to work on spin control, while the employee who took the pictures is emboldened by his success and the promise of a hefty reward to record footage of the glen with a camera smuggled in with the help of a local newscaster. In this time we also see what members do to enjoy themselves at the retreat, including drinking, urinating on trees while naked, and visiting nearby prostitutes. After filming some of the activities at the glen, the cameraman is spotted by some members and flees in to the woods. From here, the members invoke their privilege and connections, with disastrous results. The members call in the military to track down the cameraman with dogs, flares, and helicopters, which sets off a forest fire. When the road out of the glen is blocked by an overturned truck filled with drinks for the glen members, one of the characters orders his chauffeur to drive through anyway, making the blockage worse. A helicopter flying without lights at night at the behest of one of the members collides with a news helicopter covering the fire.'] ["The film starts with the demise of CM , a political plot produced by Boopathi, thereby starting the film on serious note. Then, we are introduced to Kamala Kannan , who tells his story to the auto driver AppaDurai alias Rajini ([[Santhanam . AppaDurai assumes that Kamala Kannan is rich and drives him around the city to be profited for him. Kamala Kannan is a country boy, who is working in a small company. He has come to the city to meet the concerned politicians and plead them to halt a subway project, by which he could lose his property in his village. He is the son of a humble person, who serves unlimited food to the guests and passers-by every day. Under this background, he has come to Chennai to settle the matter, as the forefather’s property is living heaven for the family. Kamal stays in aunt’s ([[Roja  house and love blossoms between Kamal and her daughter Sridevi . The love affair breaks up as it is not accepted by his aunt. He meets the politician, Bhupati, who once visited their village during the election campaign and had promised to do good needs when required. But, Kamal comes to know he is the one behind the project. He later makes Ramani  as the mayor of Chennai by helping in her campaigns. He later in a jail gets the contact of Perumal, who has an infamous political party. Meanwhile, he joins Perumal's party and makes him win the election making him the CM of Tamil Nadu. Bhupathi is at last arrested for being the reason behind for Sathyamoorthy's suicide with his family. Kamal, at last saves his property with his intelligence."] ['The story involves preppy pre-freshman  Tom Lawrence ([[Chris Young  who visits Port Chester University, a college where fraternities have been outlawed and political correctness is rampant on campus. During his visit, Tom manages to make enemies with nearly every group of students on the campus. Getting caught in an infamous "meat tossing incident"  angers the "cause-heads" , and while taking a short cut through the computer lab, he trips over the power cords and accidentally crashes all the computers, angering all the people working on their thesis papers. During his visit, Tom also gets in the middle of the war between "The Pit" and "Balls and Shaft", two rival groups on campus. The latter group  is a parody of the Skull and Bones secret society and conservative fraternities in general. Among its members is Rand McPherson , who, with the other Balls and Shaft members, want the outlawed Greek system to return. Meanwhile, members of "The Pit" (a party-frat which split from Balls and Shaft years ago, currently led by James "Droz" Andrews  and living in the dilapidated former Balls and Shaft frat house just want everyone to get along. The movie is in part about the battle between Droz and Rand. Besides Balls and Shaft, the other great nemeses of The Pit are a radical feminist group on campus known as the Womynists, and the college president, Ms. Garcia-Thompson , who is obsessed with enforcing "sensitivity awareness" and multiculturalism to the point where she proposes that Bisexual Asian Studies should have its own building . The Womynists\' entire world view revolves around a paranoia about rape culture and all things phallic, and they are known to hold protests at parties chanting "hey hey, ho ho, this penis party\'s got to go!" Ms. Garcia-Thompson conspires with Balls and Shaft to get The Pit, their mutual nemesis, kicked off campus, giving Rand control of the house. The Pit responds by throwing a party to raise funds to pay off their debts and keep their house. The Womynists take offense to The Pit\'s flyers advertising the party, and hold a protest outside. The party at first appears to be a failure. However, a series of unlikely events results in George Clinton and Parliament-Funkadelic performing at the party. Students begin streaming in and the party successfully raises the funds to keep the house. After Garcia-Thompson decides to throw The Pit off campus anyway, using the history of complaints against The Pit as her reason, the members of The Pit plot their ultimate revenge at an alumni gathering the next day. They succeed in provoking the other students into an impromptu protest , causing the Board of Trustees to fire Garcia-Thompson due to her inability to control the student body. The film ends showing Tom heading home, having decided to commit to going to PCU. As he sits on the bus, he sees Rand, who after unwittingly insulting the entire student body over the sound system of the event, is now in Tom\'s position at the beginning of the film being chased by the students across campus.'] ['The tiny  European Duchy of Grand Fenwick, supposedly located in the Alps between Switzerland and France, proudly retains a pre-industrial economy, dependent almost entirely on making Pinot Grand Fenwick wine. However, an American winery makes a knockoff version, "Pinot Grand Enwick", putting the country on the verge of bankruptcy. The prime minister decides that their only course of action is to declare war on the United States. Expecting a quick and total defeat (since their standing army is tiny and equipped with [[bow , the country confidently expects to rebuild itself through the generous largesse that the United States bestows on all its vanquished enemies . Instead, the Duchy defeats the mighty superpower, purely by accident. Landing in New York City, almost completely deserted above ground because of a city-wide disaster drill, the Duchy\'s invading "army"  wanders to a top secret government lab and unintentionally captures the "Q-bomb"  and its maker, Dr. Kokintz. The invaders from Fenwick are sighted by a Civil Defense Squad and are immediately taken to be "men from Mars" when their mail armor is mistaken for reptilian skin. The Secretary of Defense pieces together what has happened  and is both ashamed and astonished that the United States was unaware that it had been at war for two months. With the most powerful bomb in the world now in the smallest country in the world, other countries are quick to react, with the Soviet Union and the United Kingdom offering their support. With the world at the tiny country\'s mercy, Duchess Gloriana, the leader of Grand Fenwick, lists her terms: all the nuclear weapons of the powerful nations must go through an inspection by impartial scientists and the "Tiny Twenty"  should be formed, a group of twenty small nations so that small nations can get their voices heard as well as large ones. Soon Duchess Gloriana and Tully Bascomb get married, and during the wedding Dr. Kokintz discovers that the bomb is a dud and that the bomb Grand Fenwick used to threaten the world into obedience never had any power whatsoever. However, Dr. Kokintz decides to keep that fact to himself considering that the pretense still furthers the cause of world peace.'] ['Henry Harding MP, a British government minister on a moral crusade, hires an inexperienced young computer whizzkid, Peter Emery who works for a Christian computer company called Holy Hardware, to infiltrate the United Kingdom BDSM scene. Harding is set on putting a club called "House of Thwax" run by Mistress Tanya Cheex out of business, and is sure that Peter\'s secretly videotaped evidence of the club\'s activities will do the trick. However, the virginal Peter takes a liking to Tanya Cheex and finds himself falling for the Mistress. Amongst the locations used Layer Marney Tower in Essex plays a pivotal role for a party scene.'] ['A disgraced Richard Nixon is restlessly pacing in the study at his New Jersey home, in the late 1970s. Armed with a loaded revolver, a bottle of Scotch whisky and a running tape recorder, while surrounded by closed circuit television cameras, he spends the next 90 minutes recalling, with rage, suspicion, sadness and disappointment, his controversial life and career in a long monologue. Nixon\'s monologue often veers into tangents, often concerning his family, the people who made him powerful or the people who took him out of power. Nixon recalls his mother fondly, Dwight Eisenhower with hatred, Henry Kissinger with condescension and John F. Kennedy with a mixture of appreciation and rage. When Nixon gets frustrated or enraged at the person he is thinking about, the monologue often becomes disjointed; the passion overwhelms Nixon\'s ability for words. If he veers too far off topic, he tells the person who is supposed to transcribe the tape to edit out the whole screed back to an earlier, calmer point. Throughout the monologue, Nixon\'s description of himself changes. Sometimes he calls himself a man of the people, saying that he could succeed because he had known failure, just like the average American; he broods on his humble beginnings and the hard work he put in to rise to the top, and all the setbacks that he endured and overcame. However, the times when he talks about his own ideas and accomplishments in flattering terms tend to be brief, and they often bleed into self-pitying rants about how he is an innocent martyr, destroyed by sinister and hypocritical forces. Similarly, he can be self deprecating or otherwise reflect a low self-image, but he rarely focuses on his own faults for long, preferring instead to blame others. In the film, he denies the relevance of Watergate and claims that he never committed a crime. He emphasizes that he was never charged with a crime, therefore he did not need or deserve a pardon. He feels that the pardon he received from President Gerald Ford forever tainted him in the public\'s eyes, because to get a pardon he must have been guilty. However, in the end Nixon admits that he has been the willing tool of a political network he alternately calls "the Bohemian Grove" and "The committee of 100". The alleged interest of the committee is the heroin trade with Asia, although he followed them rather out of a lust for power plus some belief in their willingness to bring democracy to Asia. However, after the 1972 vote he received new orders from them: they wanted Nixon to keep the Vietnam war going on at all costs, then go for a third term in office, so they can continue their business with the president as their strawman. Nixon further explains that at some point he decided that he didn\'t want to go down in history as the president who sacrificed thousands of American soldiers for drug money, so he himself staged the Watergate scandal to get out of office against the massive public support. So in the end, he again puts the blame on others: on the public that supports him although &mdash; or even because &mdash; he is a scam artist and a petty thief, just like the majority of them, as he sees it.'] ['Set in both Sicily and mainland Italy, the film follows the adventures of a man nicknamed Mimi, who is asked to rig a local election. Instead, he votes for a Communist representative. To get away from the Mafia, he leaves his wife and falls for and lives with a female political activist. Soon, other situations happen that leave Mimi questioning the life he has and what he will do next. The screenplay was adapted, very loosely, for the 1977 film Which Way Is Up? starring Richard Pryor.'] ['Andy Osnard is an MI6 spy exiled to Panama after having an affair with an ambassador’s mistress. He wants to uncover something big that will get him back into London’s good graces. Believing Panama to still be corrupt after General Noriega’s reign, and as the Americans have now given the Panama Canal back to Panama, Osnard concludes that if he can find out where the true balance of power surrounding the canal is, London will want him back. His informant is Harry Pendel, who is the tailor to many of Panama\'s elite, including the President of Panama. Pendel, who has a few secrets of his own, is a former convict, a fact that he has carefully kept concealed. Harry\'s wife, Louisa, is the assistant to the Panama Canal Authority\'s administrator. Harry is in need of money and doesn’t have the business sense to ask his customers for the money to pay for their suits. Osnard knows that Harry has been lying about his background. He persuades the tailor to spy on the President of Panama, and to find out what he intends on doing with the canal. Pendel agrees and begins spinning stories to keep the money from Osnard flowing. Pendel briefs Osnard that the President of Panama is going to sell the Panama Canal to the Chinese. He adds that a revolution is being planned by the "Silent Opposition", and eventually inspires a third U.S. invasion of Panama. The British Ambassador to Panama finds out that Osnard is spinning a bunch of tall tales, but only demands a bribe to keep quiet. The invasion is cancelled at the last minute when Louisa goes to the Panama Canal Authority\'s Administrator and gets him to contact the President of Panama, who calls the U.S. government and gets them to cancel the looming invasion.'] ['Betsy Jobs  and Arlene Lorenzo ([[Michelle Williams  are two sweet-natured but somewhat ditzy teenage girls living in Washington D.C. in the early 1970s. Betsy comes from a wealthy family in the Georgetown area, while Arlene lives with her widowed mother in an apartment in the Watergate building. One night, on a quest to mail a letter to enter a contest to win a date with teen idol singer Bobby Sherman, the two girls sneak out of Arlene\'s home, at the same time as the Watergate break-in. They manage to enter and leave through the parking garage by taping the latch of a door, accidentally causing the break-in to be discovered. They are seen by G. Gordon Liddy , who they believe to be committing a jewel robbery; they panic and run away. The security guard, startled by the taped door, calls the police, who immediately arrest the burglars. The next day, while at the White House on a school tour, they accidentally happen across Liddy again. They don\'t recognize him, but he recognizes them and instantly becomes suspicious. He points them out to H. R. Haldeman, who proceeds to interrogate them; their conversation  is interrupted firstly by a phone call from Haldeman\'s wife, and secondly by President Nixon himself , who takes Haldeman aside to complain about the bugging operation being so fouled up. The girls are naturally awestruck at being in the same room as Nixon &mdash; but more awestruck at being able to play with his dog, which gives Nixon an idea. In order to keep their silence, he appoints them his official dog-walkers... which means they must be admitted repeatedly to the White House. On these visits they accidentally influence major events such as the Vietnam peace process and the Nixon-Brezhnev accord, by bringing along cookies that they have inadvertently baked marijuana into. (Near the end of the film, when Betsy\'s brother, Larry  They also become familiar with the key figures of Nixon\'s administration, including the long-suffering, frequently ignored Henry Kissinger, and inadvertently learn the major secrets of the Watergate scandal without realizing what they know. Arlene, previously infatuated with Bobby Sherman, now falls equally hard for the president. Just after reading an 18½-minute message of love into his tape recorder, she plays back another part of the tape and, after hearing his coarse, brutal rantings, quickly realizes his true nature. When they confront Nixon , he fires and threatens them . The girls now reevaluate what they have learned and decide to reveal everything to the "radical muckraking bastards"  at the Washington Post, Bob Woodward  and Carl Bernstein . So they become informants; two 15-year-old girls are the true identity of the famous Deep Throat (Betsy\'s brother had just been caught watching the [[Deep Throat . Woodward and Bernstein &mdash; portrayed as petty, childish, and incompetent &mdash; are naturally skeptical of the two girls. To make matters worse, their only piece of physical evidence, a list of names of those involved from the Committee to Re-Elect the President, is eaten by Betsy\'s dog. Nixon\'s men realize that the girls are a real threat and attempt tactics such as bugging and undercover agents to find out what they know, eventually going so far as to break into Betsy\'s house and plant an undercover agent as Arlene\'s mother\'s boyfriend. Eventually pushed to the limit after being chased by the Watergate "plumbers", the girls decide to take action: sneaking into Haldeman\'s house, they manage to find and steal a crucial tape recording. They give a transcription of it to Woodward and Bernstein  thus ending Nixon\'s political career. After the resignation, as Nixon\'s helicopter flies over Betsy\'s house, the two girl hold up a sign depicting the phrase "You suck, Dick", further angering the now ex-president.'] ["Stranded in a small town in a downpour, the manager of a traveling musical show  convinces the handlers of a boring long-winded local judge running for governor  to hire his group to attract people to the politician's rallies. When the show's crooner, Eric Land , upstages the Judge, he's fired, but on a return visit he saves the day by standing in for the Judge, who is too drunk to speak. Impressed by his poise, the party's bosses ask Eric to take over as candidate, and the singer, knowing he has no chance to win, agrees for the exposure and the radio airtime in which he can showcase his singing. Soon, though, his girlfriend Sally  becomes annoyed at the amount of time Eric is spending with the wife of one of the bosses, and she leaves when she thinks he has lied to her. When the bosses ask Eric to agree to patronage appointments that will lead to easy graft for all of them, he exposes them on the radio, telling the voters that voting for him would be a huge mistake and urging them to vote for his opponent. At the end Eric is, of course, elected governor, and re-united with Sally."] ['Benjamín "Benny" García is deported from the United States to his hometown in Mexico . Back home is a bleak picture, he can\'t find an honest job and most of the town is held with the business of drug trafficking. Benny gets involved in the narco business, a "spectacular" job where he gets a lot of money, women and fun. But soon he finds out that the violent criminal life is not easy and much less fun.'] ['The 1997 film is set in a United States in which foreign immigration has skyrocketed: The Mayor of Los Angeles speaks only in Spanish, Rhode Island is populated mostly by Chinese-Americans, and Alabama has a congressman from India. Politics is openly reduced to a matter of catering to various ethnic groups for their votes - the Alabama congressman will only support the president if his state receives more money for Hindu temples. When an atomic weapon is used in Pakistan, an international organization makes plans to bring orphans to Idaho. Idaho governor Jim Farley  orders the state\'s National Guard to close its borders, as Idaho has already received more than a million refugees; he acknowledges this even though the Governor himself routinely indulges in Mexican food, Mexican soap operas, and an affair with a Mexican-American reporter . Despite the best efforts of his press secretary Jimmy Cannon , Farley remains largely oblivious to the national crisis he\'s the center of, since Farley is more concerned with rekindling his romance with his mistress rather than dealing with national matters. Meanwhile, the President of the United States  turns out to be an equally ineffectual leader, ruthlessly exploiting immigration to fill districts and states with those most likely to vote for his own party. He will move more Koreans to New York since Koreans are one of his core constituencies. Reputed as indecisive, the President delegates his decision-making entirely to his advisors, most notably his unofficial chief advisor, lobbyist Jack B. Buchan . Buchan, however, is less concerned with the good of the nation, and more concerned with politics, especially how the President\'s actions will play on television . Buchan regularly influences the President\'s decisions by manipulating his desire to emulate previous U.S. presidents, even going so far as to pepper presidential statements with fictitious "quotes" from President Dwight D. Eisenhower. Meanwhile, the NN cable network is reporting the events and influencing them at the same time. News director Mel  attempts to time events to maximize ratings, while his staff becomes polarized over the political issues involved in the conflict between the Governor and the President. Standard fare for the cable network is to show footage of crying immigrant children, which is done with the Pakistani orphans waiting to move to Idaho. As the deadline approaches, the Governor and the President call in, respectively, the Idaho National Guard and the United States Army. Tensions rise when the commanders of both units turn out to be bitter rivals from the Gulf War. Meanwhile, governors from other states send in their own National Guard units to aid one side or the other, causing the conflict to escalate into the national arena. Mexican-American pro-immigrant rioters bomb the Alamo, while anti-immigrants retaliate by bombing the Statue of Liberty because of its plaque, stating that "We no longer want your tired, your poor or your huddled masses." Eventually, the Governor\'s girlfriend convinces him to back down from the conflict and resign, but a series of misunderstandings and mutinies leads to a major battle between anti- and pro-immigrant armed forces at the Idaho border, culminating with the president\'s decision to invade Idaho in what becomes the second American Civil War. At the movie\'s close, news reports indicate that hostilities have ceased, but the immigration issue is unresolved.'] ['Christopher Jones stars as rock singer and aspiring revolutionary Max Frost . Frost\'s band The Troopers live together with him, their women, and others in a sprawling Los Angeles mansion. The band includes his 15-year-old genius attorney Billy Cage ([[Kevin Coughlin  on lead guitar, ex-child actor/girlfriend Sally LeRoy  on keyboards, hook-handed Abraham Salteen  on bass guitar and trumpet, and anthropologist Stanley X  on drums. When Max is asked to sing at a televised political rally by Kennedyesque Senate candidate Johnny Fergus , who\'s running on a platform to lower the voting age from 21 to 18 , he and the Troopers appear &mdash; but Max stuns everyone by calling instead for the voting age to become 14, then finishes the show with an improvised song, "Fourteen Or Fight!", and a call for a demonstration. Max\'s fans  stir to action, and within 24 hours protests have begun in cities around the United States. Fergus\' advisors want him to denounce Max, but instead he agrees to support the demonstrations, and change his campaign &mdash; if Max and his group will compromise, accept a voting age of 15 instead, abide by the law, and appeal to the demonstrators to go home peaceably. Max agrees, and the two appear together on television, and in person the next day using the less offensive mantra "Fifteen and Ready". Most states agree to lower the voting age within days, in the wake of the demonstrations, and Max Frost and the Troopers campaign for Johnny Fergus until the election, which he wins by a landslide. Taking his place in the Senate, Fergus wishes Frost and his people would now just go away, but instead they get involved with Washington politics. When a Congressman from Sally LeRoy\'s home district dies suddenly, the band enters her in the special election that follows, and Sally  is voted into Congress by the new teen bloc. The first bill Sally introduces is a Constitutional amendment to lower the age requirements for national political office &mdash; to 14, and "Fourteen Or Fight!" enters a new phase. A joint session of Congress is called, and the Troopers  swing the vote their way by spiking the Washington water supply with LSD, and providing all the Senators and Representatives with teenaged guides. As teens either take over or threaten the reins of government, the Old Guard  turn to Max to run for President, and assert his  control over the changing tide. Max again agrees, running as a Republican to his chagrin, but once in office, he turns the tide on his older supporters. Thirty becomes a mandatory retirement age, while those over 35 are rounded up, sent to "re-education camps", and permanently dosed on LSD. Fergus unsuccessfully attempts to dissuade Max by contacting his estranged parents , then tries to assassinate him. Failing at this, he flees Washington with his remaining family, but they are soon rounded up. With youth now in control of the United States, politically as well as economically, and similar revolutions breaking out in all the world\'s major countries, Max withdraws the military from around the world , puts computers and prodigies in charge of the Gross National Product, ships surplus grain for free to third world nations, disbands the FBI and Secret Service, and becomes the leader of "the most truly hedonistic society the world has ever known". The final moments of the film indicate, however, that Max and his cohorts may face future intergenerational warfare from an unexpected source.'] ["In the 1960s, Alan Quimp is a schoolteacher of English grammar and married with the very demanding woman Daisy Quimp. In order to avoid the constant mockery in Daisy's family, Alan says that he is a secret CIA agent. Daisy tells everybody, the CIA acknowledges the lie, but due to a coincidence, Alan has just helped and hidden the professional Russian dancer Petrov who wanted to leave Russia. The CIA decides to hire Alan as an agent, to get the credits of bringing Petrov to USA, and immediately decides to send him to a very calm place, Cuba."] ['The plot follows Albert Brooks, a Jewish-American comedian, sent by the United States government into India and Pakistan to find out "what makes Muslims laugh." References are made to Brooks\'s earlier films, including Finding Nemo, Lost In America and Defending Your Life along with his earlier stand-up comedy material. Upon reaching India, Brooks begins interviewing Indians and gathering material for the 500-page essay expected of him from the government. He is aided by two agents  and an Indian woman named Maya, played by Sheetal Sheth, who was hired as his assistant. Brooks\' interviews and a failed stand-up performance begin to attract the attention of the Indian government, who fear he is a spy of some sort. When Brooks, unable to get a visa, illegally enters Pakistan for four hours to interview several fledgling Pakistani comedians, the Indian government becomes even more paranoid, increasing border control. This action causes alarm to Pakistan, who responds with security measures of their own. As tension between the countries grows, the American government orders Brooks to leave the country and return to America. It is later said that the tension between Pakistan and India is resolved after they learn that everything was Brooks\'s fault. It is also revealed that Maya sent what was written of the report to Washington, but it received no recognition.'] ['Nick Naylor is a handsome, smooth-talking tobacco lobbyist and the vice-president of a tobacco lobby called the "Academy of Tobacco Studies", which for 15 years has been "researching" the link between tobacco smoking and lung cancer. They claim that their research&mdash;funded primarily by tobacco companies&mdash;has found no definitive evidence of any linkage. Naylor\'s job consists mainly of reporting the questionable research of the "Academy" to the public and defending Big Tobacco on television programs by questioning opposing health claims and advocating personal choice. Naylor and his friends, firearm lobbyist Bobby Jay Bliss and alcohol lobbyist Polly Bailey, meet every week and jokingly call themselves the "Merchants of Death" or "The MOD Squad". As anti-tobacco campaigns mount and numbers of young smokers decline, Naylor suggests that product placement of cigarettes could once again boost cigarette sales. Naylor\'s boss, BR, sends Naylor to Los Angeles to bargain for cigarette placement in upcoming movies. Naylor takes along his young son Joey in hopes of bonding with him. Throughout their trip, Naylor teaches Joey about the beauty of argument. Naylor is also sent to bribe Lorne Lutch, the cancer-stricken man who once played the Marlboro Man in cigarette ads and is now campaigning against cigarettes. Naylor offers Lutch a suitcase of money for his silence. When Lutch refuses, Naylor suggests he should publicly announce the bribe and say that he\'s using the money to start a charity for cancer victims&mdash;but adds that in that case he can\'t use any of it to help his own family, because he will seem like a hypocrite. Naylor\'s argument convinces Lutch to take the hush money for his family. Senator Finistirre, one of Naylor\'s most vehement critics, is the promoter of a bill to add a skull and crossbones POISON warning to cigarette packaging. During a televised debate with Finistirre, Naylor receives a death threat from a caller. Despite the threat, Naylor still plans to appear before a U.S. Senate committee to fight Finistirre\'s bill. Naylor is then kidnapped and covered in nicotine patches. Awakening in a hospital, he learns that the very high nicotine tolerance level resulting from his smoking has saved him from death by nicotine poisoning, but now he is hypersensitive to nicotine and can never smoke again. Meanwhile, Naylor has been seduced by a young reporter named Heather Holloway. During their steamy fling, the besotted Naylor tells Holloway all about his life and career&mdash;information that she happily publishes in an exposé that appears just after the kidnapping. Her article relentlessly bashes Naylor and his work, exposing Lutch\'s bribe, the product-placement scheme, and the MOD squad as well. It accuses Naylor of training his son Joey to follow his amoral example. All public sympathy due to Naylor\'s kidnapping evaporates, and Naylor is fired by BR. Naylor falls into depression until Joey helps him recall the integrity in his job of defending corporations that almost no one feels deserve a defense. Rejuvenated, Naylor tells the press about his affair with Holloway and promises to clear the names of everyone mentioned in her article. He also declares that he will still appear before the Senate committee. At the hearing, Naylor admits to the dangers of smoking but argues that public awareness is already high enough without extra warnings. He emphasizes consumer choice and responsibility and, to the dismay of Senator Finistirre, claims that if tobacco companies are guilty of tobacco-related deaths, then perhaps Finistirre\'s state of Vermont, as a major cheese producer, is likewise guilty of cholesterol-related deaths. At one point, Finistirre asks Naylor if he would condone his son smoking cigarettes after he turns 18. Naylor hesitates, then responds, "If he really wants to smoke, I\'ll buy him his first pack." After being impressed by Naylor\'s speech, which results in a vote against Finistirre\'s bill, BR offers Naylor his job back, but Naylor publicly refuses to work for his backstabbing boss. Holloway, publicly humiliated by Naylor\'s confession of their affair, is reduced to working as a local weather girl. Soon afterwards, Big Tobacco settles claims of liability for smoking-related deaths at a huge cost, the "Academy" is dismantled, and Senator Finistirre begins working to have cigarettes digitally removed from classic films. The MOD Squad still meets weekly, now with the addition of lobbyists for fast food, hazardous waste, and oil drilling. In the footsteps of his father, Joey wins a school debate using lessons his father taught him. Naylor opens a private lobbying firm, in which we see him continuing on the same path, guiding a trio from the cellphone industry concerned about claims that cellphones cause brain cancer. The film ends with Nick\'s narration: "Michael Jordan plays ball. Charles Manson kills people. I talk. Everyone has a talent. "'] ['Ali G  is the leader of Da West Staines Massiv, a fictional gang composed of a group of wannabe gangsters from Staines ; their chief rivals are Da East Staines Massiv. Ali and Da West Staines Massiv are heartbroken to learn that their beloved local leisure centre  will be demolished by the local council. Ali and his friends decide to protest this injustice. After he goes on a hunger strike and is spotted chained to some railings by the nefarious Chancellor of the Exchequer/Deputy Prime Minister David Carlton , he is drawn into a world of seedy political intrigue, as the Deputy Prime Minister tries to use Ali as a tool to destroy the Prime Minister\'s credibility. Ali is put forward as a candidate to be the next MP for Staines in a crucial by-election and manages to alienate most who cross his path, including feminists and the elderly. During a debate with his rival candidate, Ali tries to insult his rival by claiming that he "sucked off a horse". Unknown to Ali and the public, it turns out that the rival did indeed do such a thing, and trying to explain it away, he claims when he was out hunting with a friend he slipped, and his mouth landed on a horse\'s penis, which due to the mating season was erect. Ali then wins. Although originally seeming out of his depth as a Member of Parliament, Ali\'s bizarre behaviour and solutions seem to actually work. He visits a Customs checkpoint in Dover, as a delegate compiling a report . Through ideas such as making more "relatable" education and selectively ensuring the immigration of attractive  women into the UK, Ali becomes incredibly popular, meeting the Prime Minister\'s intentions and bringing his percentage lead in the polls up twenty two percent. With this the Prime Minister offers to save Ali\'s leisure centre. First though, Ali accompanies the Prime Minister to a United Nations peace conference to avert war between the French-speaking African nations of Chad and Burkina Faso. The United States and Russia back opposite countries and both threaten nuclear attacks. It gets to the point where World War III is almost declared when Ali sneaks into the catering area and puts an entire bag of marijuana, which he had stolen from Customs earlier, into the delegates\' tea and orders that they be served it right away. He throws the empty bag into a nearby rubbish bin. A side-effect is that the two opposing African presidents become allies . The Prime Minister says that Ali has saved the world. However, Carlton\'s secretary Kate Hedges figures out what Ali has done and retrieves the empty marijuana bag , which she mails to the press. Upon his return to the UK, Ali is forced to leave parliament. Before the Leisure Centre can be saved, a video emerges of Ali and his girlfriend having sex in the Prime Minister\'s bedroom at Chequers. As Ali was wearing items of the Prime Minister\'s clothing at the time, the media believe the video details the Prime Minister with a prostitute, forcing his resignation. This results in Deputy Prime Minister David Carlton being made Prime Minister. Carlton, who despises Ali, orders the destruction of the aforementioned leisure centre. He has also bought all available real estate in Staines in the knowledge that the town is to be destroyed to make way for a new terminal for Heathrow Airport, which will make him super wealthy. After turning down an offer to have sex with Kate Hedges, in exchange for "keeping his mouth shut" about the videotape, Ali and the West Staines Massiv must race against time to find the master copy of the CCTV tape proving the former Prime Minister\'s innocence, extending the olive branch to all the gangs all over Staines and neighbouring Berkshire  to help them break into the vaults and retrieve the said tape. They do this successfully and manage to reinstate the original Prime Minister, save the Leisure Centre, and all live happily ever after when Ali is posted as the British ambassador to Jamaica. Staines is saved from destruction, with the reinstated Prime Minister declaring that Slough is to be destroyed instead. This film features one of Baron Cohen\'s other character, Borat Sagdiyev, in a meeting with Ali G, where a double was used for different shots.'] ['A local ruler bows down to the pressure from democratic forces and is forced to hand over a part of his province to a democratically elected leader. He also presents his pet dog to a poor peasant and his wife. For the poor peasant and his wife, the dog is not a mere dog, but a symbol of the royalty which had always inspired in them feelings of respect, admiration and blind worship. They bathe the dog in a very ceremonious manner and take much care of it. They even desist from tying it up. But when the dog bites and kills a duck and then a boy, it leads to problems. The democratic leader orders the arrest of the dog, followed by the arrest of the poor peasant. Then follow protests, talks, negotiations leading to more interesting developments.'] ['Set in Berlin, the film opens in 1987 to show a group of radicals battling police but soon moves to the modern day to present the same radical characters brought together once more by an act they carried out in their anti-establishment heyday. In 1987, the main characters of the film are anarchists squatting in an abandoned building in Kreuzberg and making propaganda films. In one of these films, they demonstrate how to make a homemade bomb out of a pressure cooker and chemicals available over the counter, and they plant the bomb in a vacant villa in Grunewald. However, the timer sticks, and the bomb does not go off until 12 years later, when it is jostled by a real estate broker and a potential buyer. They are injured in the blast, and the police are pressured to hunt down the "terrorists" responsible. Two of the original anarchists, Tim  and Hotte , still live in the original building and engage in anti-police graffiti, anti-gentrification protests and petty theft. The current owner of the building, a nouveau riche Turk named Bülent, cannot evict them, because Hotte is disabled, having lost his legs.  While Tim is out, the police raid the building in a sweep for clues to the bombing and confiscate their cache of old films, including the incriminating bomb-making film. They cart the films off to the fortresslike police headquarters, a former Prussian military barracks. One by one, Tim and Hotte visit the former members of their group to warn them of the bust. They are distressed by the news, having gone on with their lives: Nele  is a single mother of two young children; "Terror"  is an attorney; Maik  runs an advertising agency that exploits radical imagery; and Flo , Tim\'s former lover, has evidently gone bourgeois, although her circumstances are never fully explained, and is about to get married. They balk when Tim and Hotte propose breaking into the police headquarters and destroying the evidence, but Terror\'s counter-suggestion that they should turn themselves in is met with even stronger disagreement, and finally the former radicals devise the plan of infiltrating the headquarters by pretending to be a television news crew. A rift within the police department makes their plan possible: Manowsky , an old-school Berlin cop, wants to use aggressive tactics and avoid press coverage, while Henkel , a technocrat from Bonn, prefers more modern, less intrusive methods and is eager to earn good public relations for the department. Henkel gives the "TV crew" a tour of the police headquarters, including the evidence room where the films are stashed. Manowsky interrupts the tour, and the former radicals barely manage to slip away. To destroy the films, the radicals decide to smuggle a second homemade bomb into the evidence room as a Trojan horse: all the evidence is stored alphabetically according to the street where it was found, so they need only plant the bomb in a suspicious-looking crate in their old building and entice the police into picking it up. What the other radicals do not know is that Hotte intends to smuggle himself into the evidence room inside the crate along with the bomb, to make sure it\'s placed correctly. Hotte, without his wheelchair , is trapped in the evidence room when the emergency exit door is jammed. Frantically, he uses the phone in the room to call his compatriots, but they are all away from their phones. In desperation he calls Bülent, who at that moment is trying to talk Tim into abandoning their apartment and accepting a payoff for their few remaining goods. Tim rushes to Hotte\'s aid. The others eventually get Hotte\'s message and come to rescue him as well, but meanwhile, Manowsky intercepts Hotte and Tim in the evidence room. After a taunting lecture on their inability to let go of past ideals, Manowsky prepares to arrest the two, but the others arrive just in time to distract him. Tim seizes Manowsky\'s handcuffs and shackles him to the evidence cage. He threatens to leave the bomb in Manowsky\'s lap, but the others persuade him not to commit outright murder. Tim tosses Manowsky the handcuff keys, and the radicals flee as an alarm sounds. Pursued by police through the headquarters, the former radicals stumble upon a water cannon and use it to drive back the police and escape. As Manowsky and Henkel observe their flight, Henkel confidently predicts that the evidence will lead to their capture. However, Manowsky{{spaced ndash}}moved by the radicals\' compassion, by his annoyance with Henkel and by reflection on his own long-held ideals{{spaced ndash}}has left the bomb in the evidence room, and it destroys the evidence. The group of friends walk through the streets of Berlin and end up on the floor of a subway car. Tim then pulls the incriminating film out of his bag, holds a lighter to it, and asks aloud: "What do you do if there\'s a fire?", and the friends answer, "Let it burn!" The film contains mild nudity, mild drug use, and mature language.'] ['When the film opens, U.S. President Judson C. \'Judd\' Hammond  is variously described as "a Hoover-like partisan hack"<ref name16 Instructor Biography: Dennis Grunes], Portland State University Dennis Grunes calls "possible divine intervention,"Dennis Grunes, "Gabriel Over the White House," grunes.wordpress.com Hammond  President Hammond makes "a political U-turn," The reborn Hammond\'s policies include "suspension of civil rights and the imposition of martial law by presidential fiat."<ref namehttp://www.dvdsavant.com/s3054gabr.html |titleGlenn Erickson |datedvdsavant.com |publisher21 August 2010}} He "tramples on civil liberties,"{{cite book}} "revokes the Constitution, becomes a reigning dictator," and employs "brown-shirted storm troopers" after which the accused are immediately lined up against a wall behind the courthouse and "executedAlter, 6 By threatening world war with America’s newest and most deadly secret weapon, Hammond then blackmails the world into disarmament, ushering in global peace.{{cite web |urlAn Interview with Louis Pizzitola, author of Hearst Over Hollywood |authorApril 20, 2005 |workInternational Committee of the Fourth International |accessdate"Gabriel Over the White House"/> "bringing peace to the country and the world," The Library of Congress comments: {{cquote}}'] ['Elle Woods  wants her Chihuahua, Bruiser, to reunite with his mother, because she would like Bruiser\'s mom to attend Elle and Emmett\'s wedding. Elle hires a detective to find Bruiser\'s mother, only to discover that the company that has her dog\'s mother is a Stripper company that uses Bruiser\'s mother for "testing". She finds out that her law firm represents the C\'est Magnifique Corporation. Elle decides to leave Boston, where she and Bruiser have settled with her fiancé Emmett, and go to Washington, D.C. to work on Bruiser\'s Bill. Elle is upset that her dog\'s mother is in a make-up testing laboratory, and decides to take it upon herself to be the "voice for those who can\'t speak" and to outlaw animal testing. While working for Congresswoman Victoria Rudd , Elle is met with skepticism and other barriers common to Washington politics. Rudd\'s member of staff, Timothy, sarcastically calls her "Capitol Barbie".  After a variety of ups and downs including a failed attempt to improve her work environment by having her co-workers write compliments about one another and place them in the "snap cup", Elle starts to lose her faith in Washington politics. As the story moves along, Elle discovers that Bruiser is actually gay, after she is paged by "The Paws that Refreshes: A Doggy Day Spa." Bruiser has been affectionate with Leslie, a Rottweiller owned by Congressman Stan Marks , the Chairman of the Committee on Energy and Commerce which has jurisdiction over Bruiser\'s Bill. Elle also finds that Congresswoman Libby Hauser , the Ranking Member of the same committee, was a member of Delta Nu . As a result, both Marks and Hauser warm to Elle and eventually come to support Bruiser\'s Bill. Elle also discovers that Congresswoman Rudd has actually been working against her. Rudd has been doing so in an effort to satisfy the interests of a major campaign donor named "Bob" . However, Rudd is eventually blackmailed into supporting Elle\'s petition, because Rudd\'s Chief of Staff, Grace Rossiter  eavesdrops on a recorded conversation during which Rudd admits to Elle that she has been working against Bruiser\'s Bill in order to help Rudd\'s sponsors who want to continue with tests on animals. As Grace is appalled that Rudd lied to Elle and blamed it on her, Grace and Elle eventually reach a place of mutual respect, especially after Grace admits she came to Washington D.C. with an enthusiasm not unlike Elle\'s, but later lost that idealism when she discovered how dirty politics could really be. With the help of her friends, Elle\'s petition is successful, and Bruiser\'s Bill is brought to the floor of the House. Elle and Emmett get married in a park in D.C., albeit not at Fenway Park as they had planned, but standing on the home plate which has been delivered to D.C. by the UPS Guy ([[Bruce Thomas . In the final scene of the movie, when Emmett asks where to live, Elle says, "Oh, I think I know just the place," as they are driving by the White House.'] ['During a radio interview on BBC Radio 4\'s PM programme, Minister for International Development Simon Foster  accidentally states that a war in the Middle East is "unforeseeable". He is told off for not remaining neutral by the Prime Minister\'s enforcer Malcolm Tucker . But when later caught by news cameras Foster makes a further mistake by saying there may be a need to "climb the mountain of conflict". The two contradictory statements coincide with a visit by senior U.S. State Department officials, who jump on Foster\'s two quotations and begin to use him, and his hapless new aide Toby , as pawns in an international political game.Xan Brooks, Iannucci\'s Iraq war satire lauded at Sundance in The Guardian, 21 January 2009. Retrieved 2010-02-26.'] ["The mysterious Michael Rimmer  appears at a small and ailing British advertising agency, where the employees assume he is working on a time and motion study. However, he quickly begins to assert a de facto authority over the firm’s mostly ineffectual staff and soon acquires control of the business from the incompetent boss Ferret . Rimmer then succeeds in establishing the newly invigorated firm as the country’s leading polling agency, and begins to make regular TV appearances as a polling expert. He subsequently moves into politics, acting as an adviser to the leader of the Tory opposition, and then becomes an MP himself, for the constituency of Budleigh Moor , along the way acquiring a trophy wife . Relying on a combination of charisma and deception--and murder--he then rapidly works his way up the political ladder to become prime minister , and finally, by public demand, a near-dictatorial president. Ferret attempts an assassination from a window when Rimmer and his wife's opened topped car is in a passing motorcade - but fails. The film satirised the growing influence of PR, spin and opinion polls in British politics,<ref namehttp://www.guardian.co.uk/film/2007/jun/30/television.comedy|titleCook|first30 June 2007|publisher2009-10-14}} as well as parodying political figures of the time such as Harold Wilson and Enoch Powell. Peter Cook admitted later that he had partly based his portrayal of the Rimmer character on David Frost, who had provided funding for the film<ref nameThompson|firstPeter Cook: A Biography|publisher1997|pages0-340-64969-0}} and took an executive producer credit. Latterly, the film has acquired a fresh contemporary relevance in that Michael Rimmer's character and career seem eerily predictive of Tony Blair ."] ['Sunny Ann Davis is a seemingly ditzy blonde who works as a cocktail waitress in Washington, D.C. She rents a small room in the home of a gay couple, has a lousy love life and drives a rust bucket of a car that she cannot afford to repair. The car breaks down, blocking the route of a diplomatic convoy that is traveling to the White House. Unsympathetic to Sunny\'s predicament, the Diplomatic Security Service treat the incident as a possible security threat and move into full security mode, guns drawn. Sunny is naive to the seriousness of her situation, concerned only that she will now be late for work. At the Safari Club where Sunny works, her night is getting worse. Her date cancels and she is forced to wear an emu suit because all of the other costumes are now taken by waitresses who arrived on time. She hates the costume because it invites unwanted sexual propositions. Even though she is "so broke," she refuses an offer from a patron requesting special "favors" in return for cash, as well as a loan from a waitress friend, Ella. On her way home, Sunny is curious about the media attention surrounding a gala dinner, so she stops to watch the dignitaries leaving the event. A man of Middle Eastern descent rudely pushes past her. Sunny feels something hard in his coat pocket. She asks if he has a gun. To her horror, he does. A shot is fired, but Sunny prevents him taking aim at his target by biting his arm. In the ensuing commotion, both Sunny and the gunman are forced to the ground and another shot is fired. Sunny cries out, realizing she has been shot. Through news media reports, we learn that Sunny has been taken to the hospital and is being lauded as a heroine. She has prevented the assassination of a visiting Emir, who had been in Washington to further relations between the US and his "small, but strategic Middle Eastern country." Doctors remove a bullet from Sunny\'s left buttock. While recovering, she finds herself thrust into public adoration, receiving mail from celebrities and countless marriage proposals. Michael Ransome, a Middle Eastern desk chief from the State Department, pays a visit to help Sunny get through her first press conference since the shooting. Sunny answers each question about her life with humor and charm, revealing herself to be hugely likeable, intelligent and patriotic. She also reveals that she has never voted, preferring to consider herself as just an American, rather than any political label. Back at the White House, politicians Crowe and Hilley are watching the conference. They joke that if Sunny is to be believed, she could run for office because of her appeal to so many large groups of voters, including working women, small town folk, senior citizens, gays, the "law-and-order bunch," baseball fans, barflys and animal lovers. They contact the President of the United States , and arrange for him to call Sunny at the hospital. The Emir whose life Sunny saved was being wooed by the US, which wants to establish a military base in his country because of its ideal geographic location in the Middle East. He decides that he will allow the US to build its base in his country — on the proviso that they allow him to claim Sunny as another wife. Without the President\'s knowledge, the State Department decides to trade Sunny for the base without her knowledge. The Vice President of the United States offers her a job within the Protocol Department of the Government. She has to look up what "protocol" means in a dictionary, but when she realizes he is offering her a well-paying job, she accepts. Sunny approaches her new job with nervous excitement, She attends formal dinners and meets dignitaries from foreign countries. At one dinner, she is introduced to Nawaf Al Kabeer, who thanks Sunny on behalf of the Emir, and presents a car to her, as a thank-you gift from the Emir. She returns it, having researched that as a government employee, she is unable to accept gifts. But this act infuriates both the Emir and the State Department. Sunny is unaware that in the Emir\'s country, the local population is aware that Sunny is to be a new Queen, and anger is growing. Sunny is told that the Emir wants to meet her personally, and that she is to "show him a good time." She looks upon this invitation as a way to help her old boss Lou  by arranging a party at his failing Safari Club, where she used to work. Lou has not closed the bar to his regular patrons and Sunny has invited friends of her own. The party gets out of control, the Police make arrests and all of this is filmed by the media. Ambassador St. John sees this as a perfect opportunity to finally make the trade. She tells Sunny to go with the Emir to "represent her country" and make amends. Sunny arrives in the Emir\'s country to find a painted mural of herself in wedding attire. She realizes it\'s a set-up, that she was traded so the US could build its base. The Emir confirms this. Unable to produce sons, he needs a new wife. Before an angry Sunny can respond, a violent coup d\'état takes place in the Emir\'s country of Otah, and the two are forced to flee. Back in the US, the government denies knowledge of the trade and the public is now questioning whether Sunny knew all along of the plan. She must also face a Congressional inquiry to find out the truth. Ransome quits his job in disgust at what was done to Sunny. At the inquiry, Sunny cuts the proceedings short by accepting blame, having taken an important job without fully understanding the political affairs of her country. But she reminds everyone that leaders have a responsibility toward the people. She warns the political powers in the room that, from now on, she will watch all of them "like a hawk." Two years later, Sunny has married Ransome and they have a baby. She is also running for Congress in her hometown of Diamond Junction in Oregon, and gets a call telling her that she has won.'] [' Dan McGinty  is a bartender in a banana republic who recounts his rise and fall to the bar\'s dancing girl and an exiled American down on his luck. McGinty\'s career begins when he was a tramp who, cajoled into voting under a false name in order to get $2, he impresses a local political boss  by voting thirty-seven times in a rigged mayoral election. McGinty becomes one of the boss\'s enforcers, then his political protégé, makes a marriage of convenience, wins the mayor\'s job as a "reform" candidate, then goes on to the governor\'s mansion before a change of heart compels him to take public service seriously after he and his wife finally fall in love. His past catches up with him though: he is imprisoned in the next cell to his former mentor. The two men escape and go into exile together, but are still given to violent disagreements.'] ['The granddaughter of a President of the United States, Lucy Chase Wayne  discreetly campaigns to gain the presidential nomination for her beloved husband, Secretary of State Stephen Wayne . She tries to gain the support of rising Senator Gordon Keane , a victory that would be doubly sweet inasmuch as he is the protégé of her despised arch-rival, Irene Hibbard . Lucy becomes concerned when rumors reach her that Irene intends to divorce her boring Supreme Court Justice spouse, Carter , marry Keane, and try to get him elected President. She concocts a scheme to deceive Irene into believing that Carter will be her party\'s candidate in the upcoming election  and force Irene to abort her own plans. Lucy convinces Lavinia Mae Creevey , the narrow-minded, provincial leader of an organization of five million women, to back Carter. To Lucy\'s horror, newspaper magnate Ellsworth T. Banning ([[Grant Mitchell  adds his support, and Carter is indeed offered the nomination. Lucy learns that Prince Boris Gregoravitch , Irene\'s ex-husband, is in Washington for negotiations. Learning something interesting from the prince, she has her husband invite the foreign envoy to the dinner in which Carter is to announce his acceptance of the nomination. Gregoravitch is delighted to see Irene and gives her some "good" news. On behalf of his country, he has reached an agreement with the United States in which both sides will recognize each other\'s laws. Once the treaty is signed, he and Irene will be considered divorced by the American legal system. Until then however, Irene is technically a bigamist. Lucy blackmails Irene into getting Carter to decline the nomination, leaving the way free for her husband.'] ['C.R. "Mac" MacNamara is a high-ranking executive in the Coca-Cola Company, assigned to West Berlin after a business fiasco a few years earlier in the Middle East . Nevertheless, Mac is angling to become head of Western European Coca-Cola Operations, based in London. After working on an arrangement to introduce Coke into the Soviet Union, Mac receives a call from his boss, W.P. Hazeltine in Atlanta. Scarlett Hazeltine, the boss\'s hot-blooded 17-year-old socialite daughter, is coming to Berlin and Mac receives the unenviable task of taking care of this young whirlwind. An expected two-week stay develops into two months, and Mac discovers just why Scarlett is enamored of Berlin—she surprises him by announcing that she\'s married to a young man, Otto Piffl, who happens to be an East German Communist with ardent anti-capitalism views. The socialite couple are bound for Moscow to make a new life for themselves . Since Hazeltine and his wife are coming to Berlin to collect their daughter the very next day, this is obviously a disaster of monumental proportions, and Mac deals with it as any good capitalist would &mdash; by framing the young Communist firebrand and having him picked up by the Stasi, the East German secret police, who later force Otto to sign a confession that he\'s an American spy . Under pressure from his stern and disapproving wife , and with the revelation that Scarlett is pregnant, Mac sets out to bring Otto back with the help of his new Russian business associates. With the boss on the way, he finds that his only chance is to turn Otto into a son-in-law in good standing &mdash; which means, among other things, making him a capitalist with an aristocratic pedigree . In the end, the Hazeltines approve of their new son-in-law (upon which Mac learns from Hazeltine that Otto will be named the new head of Western European Operations—with Mac getting a promotion to VP of Procurement  Mac reconciles with his family at the airport, and to celebrate his promotion, offers to buy his family a Coke. Ironically, after handing out the Cokes to his family, he realizes upon inspection that the final bottle he takes for himself is actually Pepsi-Cola.{{cite web}}'] ["The movie is set in Socialist ruled Yugoslavia during 1950s. Zoran is a slightly overweight 10-year-old living in an overcrowded home that his parents share with his grandmother, and aunt and uncle. In the communist era of Yugoslavia, many homes were taken away from their owners in the Land Reform programs. Zoran's family is opposed to Tito's rule, while little Zoran sees Tito as his personal hero. He's learned in school that Tito is greatest man ever, and, for a child, this propaganda was very believable. Zoran will, during a field trip learn more about his hero."] ['It tells the fictional story of American presidential candidates, based on the novel by George F. Worts. A colorless stiff candidate for President is replaced in public appearances by a charismatic medicine show pitchman.'] ['Mays Gilliam  is an alderman of the 9th Ward in Washington D.C.. After being fired from his post and dumped by his girlfriend, Kim , Mays is surprisingly chosen as the party candidate for the presidency  to run against sitting vice-president Brian Lewis. Assuming the election was already lost, the party decided to pick a likable but unwinnable minority candidate to improve their chances in the next presidential election. At first, Mays feels he will not be able to succeed as President because he would be representing the entire African-American populace, and does not want to do anything to mess it up. However, Mays begins to rise in the polls after his brother  persuades him to speak out for what he believes. He begins to talk about issues such as welfare, money, society, etc. After Lewis runs a series of attack ads including one saying Mays supports cancer, Mays begins to fight back using what he claimed was "kissing" his opponent . A part of this strategy includes dubbing a videotape of Osama bin Laden saying he hates America but loves Brian Lewis. This strategy gains Mays even more points in the polls. As voting day draws closer, Mays eventually learns the reason why he was chosen as the party candidate, and fires some disloyal campaign operatives , as well as choosing his brother as his running mate. He later has a debate with his opponent in which he manages to win the crowd over by speaking truth about the American life. Finally, Mays ends up winning the election and the presidency. The film ends with a shot of Mount Rushmore with Mays Gilliam\'s head added; complete with bling.'] ['A veteran U.S. Senate Democrat, Bulworth is losing his bid for re-election to a fiery young opponent. Bulworth\'s leftist views, formed in the 1960s and 1970s, have lost favor with voters, so he has conceded to moderate politics and to accepting donations from special interests. In addition, though he and his wife have been having affairs openly for years, they must still present a happy facade in the interest of maintaining a good public image. Tired of politics and his life in general and planning to commit suicide, Bulworth negotiates a $10 million life insurance policy with his daughter as its beneficiary in exchange for a favorable vote for the insurance industry. Knowing that a suicide will negate his daughter\'s inheritance, he contracts to have himself assassinated within two days\' time. Turning up in California for his campaign extremely drunk, Bulworth begins speaking his mind freely at public events and in the presence of the C-SPAN film crew following his campaign. After ending up in a night club and smoking marijuana, he even starts rapping in public. His frank, potentially offensive remarks make him an instant media darling and re-energize his campaign. Becoming romantically involved with young campaigner Nina , Bulworth hides out in her family\'s home. He is pursued by the paparazzi, his insurance company, his campaign managers, Nina\'s protective drug-dealing brother, and an increasingly adoring public, all before his impending assassination. Nina reveals she is the assassin he indirectly hired and will now not carry out the job. Bulworth happily accepts a new campaign for the presidency right before he is shot in front of a crowd of reporters and supporters by an insurance representative fearful of Bulworth\'s push for single-payer health care. At the end of the picture he lies gravely wounded in a hospital, and it is left unsaid and unclear if he lives, or dies from his wounds. The picture ends with poet Amiri Baraka playing a street poet and proclaiming in front of the hospital, "You got to be a spirit. You can\'t be no ghost."'] ['In the future, humans are a space-faring Federation and contend for planets with a hostile species of large insects known as the Arachnids or "Bugs," whose home-world is the distant planet Klendathu. In the Federation citizenship is not a birthright, but a privilege earned by those who serve society through such activities as military service; citizens are granted many opportunities prohibited to non-citizens. Athlete John "Johnny" Rico, his girlfriend Carmen Ibanez, and best friend Carl Jenkins attend high school in Buenos Aires. Fellow student Dizzy Flores is in love with Rico, but he does not return her affections. After graduation all decide to enlist in Federation service. Carmen excels academically and becomes a spaceship pilot while Carl, who is psychic, is assigned Military Intelligence for scientific research on the Bugs. Rico enlists in the Mobile Infantry mainly to see Carmen, but is surprised to see Dizzy, who has enlisted there to be near him. At Mobile Infantry training the brutal but effective Career Sergeant Zim heads the recruits. Rico is promoted to squad leader and finds a friend in Ace Levy, but his hopes for continued romance with Carmen are dashed as she desires a career with the fleet and serves under Rico\'s high school sports rival, Zander Barcalow. After a live-fire training incident that results in the death of one of Rico\'s squad, he is demoted and publicly flogged. He decides to resign and calls his parents, but the call unexpectedly drops; an asteroid launched by the Arachnids has obliterated Buenos Aires, killing millions including Rico\'s family. Rico rescinds his resignation and remains with the Infantry as an invasion force is deployed to Klendathu. The first strike on Klendathu is a disaster, with heavy casualties. Rico himself is wounded and mistakenly labeled KIA, causing Carmen to believe he is dead. Rico, Ace, and Dizzy are reassigned to the Roughnecks, commanded by Rico\'s high school teacher Lieutenant Jean Rasczak. Dizzy and Rico begin a romance and The Roughnecks respond to a distress call from Planet "P", where they discover a deserted outpost that had been overrun by Bugs. The distress call is a trap by the Arachnids, who swarm the outpost. Rico euthanises a mortally wounded Rasczak at his own request and Dizzy is fatally wounded, dying in Rico\'s arms as they are retrieved by a rescue ship piloted by Carmen and Zander. Rico and Carmen reconnect at Dizzy\'s funeral, where they encounter Carl, now a high-ranking Intelligence officer. Carl reveals that the reason for the ill-fated mission on P was to confirm the existence of an intelligent "brain bug", directing the other Bugs and showing that the Bugs have a desire to learn about their human enemy. He field-promotes Rico to lieutenant and gives him command of the Roughnecks, ordering the infantry to capture the brain bug. As Rico\'s Roughnecks join the mission on the planet, the Fleet encounters fire from the Bugs, and Carmen\'s ship is destroyed. The dying Captain Deladier orders them to abandon ship. Carmen and Zander leave in an escape pod but crash into the Bug tunnel system near Rico\'s location. Rico, unknowingly guided by a psychic suggestion from Carl, takes Ace and teammate Sugar Watkins into the tunnels to rescue Carmen. They find a wounded Carmen and Zander disarmed in a cavern with several Arachnids, including the brain bug, which drains the contents of Zander\'s cranial cavity with a proboscis. Before it can do so to Carmen, she severs it with a knife. Rico threatens the Bugs with a small nuclear bomb, so the brain bug reluctantly allows them to escape. When Arachnids pursue them, Watkins is mortally wounded and sacrifices himself by detonating the nuke while the others escape. After returning to the surface, they find that former Sergeant Zim, who had demoted himself to private so that he could serve, has captured the brain bug. Carl congratulates Rico and tells him and Carmen that the humans will soon be victorious, now that Intelligence can study the brain bug.'] ['Bob Roberts takes place in Pennsylvania. It depicts a fictitious senatorial race between conservative Republican folk singer, Bob Roberts  and the incumbent Democrat, Brickley Paiste . The film is shot through the perspective of Terry Manchester ([[Brian Murray , a British documentary filmmaker who is following the Roberts campaign. Through his lens we see Roberts travel across the state, performing songs about drug users, lazy people and the triumph of traditional family values over the rebelliousness of the 1960s. As the campaign continues, Paiste remains in the lead until a scandal arises involving him and a young woman who was seen emerging from a car with him. Paiste claims that she was a friend of his granddaughter who he was driving home, but he cannot shake the accusations. Throughout the campaign, reporter Bugs Raplin  attempts to use the documentary being made about Roberts as a way to expose him to the public as a fraud. Raplin believes that Roberts\' anti-drug charity, Broken Dove, is connected to an old Central Intelligence Agency drug trafficking scheme. As the election approaches, Roberts is asked to appear on a network\'s sketch comedy show. When Roberts announces that he will not be playing the song he had originally proposed, a dispute breaks out between the cast and producers of the show. This new song turns out to be nothing more than a thinly-veiled campaign endorsement, and an angry staff member of the network pulls the plug mid-performance. As Roberts is leaving the studio, he is shot by a would-be assassin. Raplin, who has been causing problems for the campaign, is initially linked to the shooting, but he is later cleared when it is found that due to constrictive palsy in his right hand he physically could not have fired the gun. Following the incident, Raplin contends that Roberts was never actually shot and that the gun was fired into the ground. The campaign is boosted by public support following the assassination attempt, and Roberts wins the election with 52 percent of the vote. Although Roberts claims that his wounds have left him paralysed from the waist down, he is seen tapping his feet at a celebration party. While Terry Manchester is interviewing Roberts\' supporters outside the new Senator\'s hotel, a boy runs up shouting, "He\'s dead, he\'s dead, they got him!" When Manchester asks him what he\'s talking about, the boy shouts, "Bugs Raplin! He\'s dead! They got him!" A joyful celebration breaks out among Roberts\' supporters, the shot changes to an image of his hotel room, and an upright walking shadow suggesting Roberts\' profile passes the window before the lights go out. The film ends with a radio news report about Raplin\'s death at the hands of a right-wing fanatic and a shot of Manchester standing in the Jefferson Memorial, looking at the words, "I have sworn upon the altar of God eternal hostility against every form of tyranny over the mind of man," inscribed there.'] ['A Florida con man named Thomas Jefferson Johnson uses the passing of the longtime Congressman from his district, Jeff Johnson , to get elected to Congress, where the money flows from lobbyists. Shortening his middle name and calling himself "Jeff" Johnson, he receives the 5000+ signatures required to be on the ballot by becoming endorsed by a seniors organization, the Silver Foxes. Once on the election ballot, he uses the dead Congressman\'s old campaign material and runs a low budget campaign that appeals to name recognition, figuring most people do not pay much attention and simply vote for the "name you know." He wins a slim victory and is off to Washington, a place where the "streets are lined with gold." Initially, the lucrative donations and campaign contributions roll in, but as he learns the nature of the con game in Washington D.C., he starts to see how the greed and corruption makes it difficult to address issues such as campaign finance reform, environmental protection, and the possibility that electric power companies may have a product that is giving kids in a small town cancer. In trying to address these issues, Congressman Johnson finds himself double-crossed by Power and Industry chairman Dick Dodge. Johnson decides to fight back the only way he knows how: with a con. Johnson succeeds and exposes Dodge as corrupt. As the film ends, it appears likely that Johnson will be thrown out of Congress for the manner in which he was elected.'] [' At the very beginning of the film, Bill Gates  walks onto the stage of the pavilion in MacArthur Park, Los Angeles, California on Thursday, December 2, 1999 to give a check for one million dollars to "Literacy For Life" as part of the "Bill Gates Foundation."  Upon reaching the stage, Gates is shot dead by a sniper - first in the right shoulder, then the head. While chasing after the unknown sniper through an abandoned building, a rookie police officer fatally shoots Alek J. Hidell , a minor anti-establishment figure and minority, in the head. Hiddell is named as the assassin of Gates, a report to this effect is filed by district attorney Gil Garcetti, and the case is closed. Beyond this point, which occurs before the opening credits are finished, Gates doesn\'t reappear and is mentioned only as a wealthy successful man and the subject of the assassination being investigated. The word "Microsoft" barely makes an appearance in the film, and Gates is portrayed as a well-liked and missed public figure, with a very passing mention of the existence of anti-Gates sentiment.  However, a group of people dissatisfied with the official version of events organizes into the activist group Citizens for Truth, and sets out to examine the available evidence of the assassination. The organization uncovers numerous details that create reasonable doubt as to the guilt of Hiddell in the assassination, and the possibility that the real assassin is still at large. The mockumentary follows the organization as they grow in numbers, political prominence, and progress in their investigative efforts. The organization\'s success reaches a climax at their first annual convention, which is followed by their rapid drop in credibility and visibility to become effectively irrelevant.'] ['Andris is a child living in Budapest. He is conceived when his mother Maria is attracted to a mysterious stranger during a performance of "The Magic Flute". The stranger disappears after the conception, and as a result Andris does not know his father. The law states that a boy should have his father\'s name, even if the father is unknown, to avoid the taint of illegitimacy. When Maria tries to register Andris with the child custody department, Andris is given the name of a fictitious father. She enters on Andris\' birth certificate the name of the bureaucrat she is dealing with, Antal Orban. Maria dies when she is hit on the head by a falling brick, an accident resulting from being in the wrong place at the wrong time, leaving Andris suddenly motherless. He then goes off in search of his nonexistent father. Along the way he meets and is helped by The Girl, the young nurse who delivered him, and who is alone like Andris. Meanwhile the kindly Orban becomes tired of the tyrannical bureaucracy, and decides to destroy the files of children he has helped to legitimize by giving them fictitious fathers. He then sets out to find Andris. Andris and The Girl finally meet Orban, and they form their own family. They meet scouts being trained as instruments of the state, and the scouts pursue Andris, Orban and The Girl. The three of them climb onto the back of a stone eagle, which takes off in flight.'] ['Based on a true story set in 1948, customs officer Mehti is faced with the duty of formally setting up the border between Turkey and Syria, dividing his hometown. He is unaware of the pain that will eminently unfold, as families, languages, cultures and lovers are both ripped apart and clash head on in a village once united.'] ["The movie is set in a Yazidi Kurdish village in Armenia, still suffering economically from the Soviet collapse. Hamo, a Kurdish widower with three sons, visits his wife's grave everyday. In the graveyard, he meets Nina, a widow who works in a local bar named Vodka Lemon which is about to close down. Both are penniless, yet start an unexpected relationship which revitalizes them."] ['A nameless unemployed drifter, referred to as "Nada" , finds construction work in Los Angeles and befriends fellow worker Frank Armitage , who leads him to a local shantytown soup kitchen. There Nada notices strange activity around the church; a blind preacher rouses others to awaken, a police helicopter scouts them overhead and a homeless drifter  complains when the TV signal is continually interrupted by a bearded man informing about those in power. Nada discovers the church is a front: the choir is actually an audio recording next to scientific apparatus, while cardboard boxes fill the room. Nada finds another box hidden in the wall but escapes when the preacher catches him. At night, police bulldoze the shantytown and attack its fleeing inhabitants. Nada returns in the morning to find the church empty, but procures the untouched hidden box. At an alleyway he opens it to find it contains black sunglasses and takes a pair. Nada discovers the sunglasses are special; looking through them he sees the reality of the bleak world. The media and advertising actually contain totalitarian commands of obedience and conformity in consumerism, to control an unwitting human population . Many with authority and wealth are actually humanoid aliens with grotesque skull-like faces. At a store Nada confronts an alien woman and she speaks into a wristwatch notifying others about him. Two alien police officers apprehend Nada but he kills them, taking their guns and going on a shooting spree against aliens in a bank, while one vanishes using its wristwatch. Nada escapes, destroying an alien flying camera and taking Cable 54 assistant director Holly Thompson  hostage. At her hill-top home, Nada tries convincing her of the truth while suffering a headache from the glasses. Instead, Holly knocks him through her window and calls the police. Nada tumbles down and escapes, leaving his belongings behind. Nada returns to the alleyway and saves the sunglasses box from a garbage truck. Frank meets him to hand him his wage, but wishes for no further involvement as Nada is now a wanted man. Nada is forced to fistfight Frank to make him wear the glasses. After he finally does, the two rent a hotel to discuss their predicament. Gilbert , a member of the shantytown, notifies them about a secret meeting with other activists. There, Nada and Frank are given updated contact lenses to replace their glasses. They learn from the bearded man\'s broadcast that the aliens control Earth as their third world, causing global warming as they deplete its resources before moving onto other planets. The aliens use a signal to camouflage themselves; destroying its source will allow everyone on Earth to see their true form. Frank is given an alien wristwatch, a complex radio and teleportation device. Holly appears, apparently joining the cause and apologizes to Nada. However the police attack the meeting, killing anyone in sight, while Nada and Frank are cornered fighting their way out. Frank accidentally opens a temporary portal by throwing the watch, through which the two jump into a network of underground passages. The two find the aliens in a grand hall celebrating with their elite human collaborators. The homeless drifter from earlier, now a well-dressed collaborator, believes the two to be collaborators as well. He takes them on a tour of the passages, revealed to link the alien society, including a space travel port. A further passage leads to the basement of Cable 54 station: the source of the signal. The collaborator escapes by teleporting as the two attack their way through the building to find the broadcaster on the roof, meeting Holly and taking her along. As Nada climbs to the signal broadcaster, disguised as a satellite dish, Holly kills Frank. Revealed to be a collaborator, she takes aim at Nada along with an alien police helicopter, persuading him to stop. Nada drops his gun, but then retrieves a hidden pistol from his sleeve and kills Holly. He then shoots and destroys the broadcaster before being killed by the aliens, giving them the finger as his last gesture. With the signal destroyed, humans discover the aliens in their midst.'] ['Dr. Sidney Schaefer , a psychiatrist, is chosen by the U.S. Government to act as the President’s top-secret personal psychoanalyst, through Don Masters , a Central Enquiries Agency  assassin who vetted Dr. Schaefer while undergoing psychoanalysis. The decision to choose Schaefer is against the advice of Henry Lux , the director of the all-male, under-five-foot-six-inch Federal Bureau of Regulation . Dr. Schaefer is given a home in affluent Georgetown and assigned a comfortable office connected to the White House by a tunnel. From this location he is to be on call at all hours to fit the President\'s hectic schedule. However, the President\'s Analyst has one problem: There is no one to whom he can talk about the President\'s ultra-top-secret and personal problems. As he steadily becomes overwhelmed by stress, Schaefer begins to feel that he is being watched everywhere&nbsp;&mdash; which is actually true&nbsp;&mdash; until he becomes clinically paranoid; he even suspects his sweet girlfriend Nan  of spying on him&nbsp;&mdash; also true&nbsp;&mdash; as an agent of the CEA. Schaefer goes on the lam with the help of a "typical" American family of gun-toting liberals who defend him against foreign agents attempting to kidnap him off the streets. He escapes with the help of a hippie tribe, led by the "Old Wrangler" , as spies from all over the world attempt to kidnap him for the secret information the President has confided to him. Meanwhile, agents from the FBR seek him out on orders to liquidate him as a national security risk. Eventually, he is found and kidnapped by Canadian Secret Service agents masquerading as a British pop group. Schaefer is rescued from the Canadians and an FBR assassin by Kropotkin , a KGB agent who intends to spirit him away to Russia. Kropotkin has second thoughts about his plan, following a psychoanalysis session with the doctor, during which Kropotkin begins to come to terms with his unrealized hatred of his KGB-chief father. Now feeling he needs the good doctor\'s help to continue his self-analysis, he instead returns him to U.S. soil. Kropotkin arranges a pickup with his trusted CEA colleague Don Masters, but Schaeffer is kidnapped again&nbsp;&mdash; this time by The Phone Company , a far more insidious organization than the FBR or KGB, which has been observing him throughout the film. Taken to TPC\'s headquarters in New Jersey, he is introduced to the head of TPC , who wants Dr. Schaefer\'s help in carrying out their plan. TPC has developed a "modern electronic miracle", the Cerebrum Communicator , a microelectronic device that can communicate wirelessly with any other CC in the world. Once implanted in the brain, the user need only think of the number of the person they wish to reach, and are instantly connected, thus eliminating the need for The Phone Company\'s massive and expensive-to-maintain wired infrastructure.  For this to work, every human being will be assigned a number instead of a name, and the CC prenatally implanted. Dr. Schaefer is "requested" to assist TPC by blackmailing the President into pushing through the required legislation. Masters and Kropotkin use their superspy abilities to come to Schaefer\'s rescue. They hand Schaefer an M16 rifle that Schaefer gleefully uses on The Phone Company\'s security staff. The three emerge victorious from the ensuing bloodbath, but months later, as Dr. Schaefer and his spy friends are enjoying a Christmas reunion, animatronic executives from TPC look on approvingly, while "Joy to the World" plays in the background.'] ['The film begins with Tunin  learning that his friend, an anarchist who was plotting to kill Benito Mussolini, has been killed by Mussolini\'s fascist police in the countryside. Tunin decides to take up the cause his friend died for. The movie then shows Tunin entering a brothel in Rome and meeting Salomè . The two have a casual sexual encounter. Salome explains her reasons for helping in the assassination plot as her former lover was wrongfully beaten to death by the Mussolini\'s police in Milan. The story continues as Salomè arranges for her, Tunin and Tripolina , another prostitute at the brothel, are going to spend the day with Spatoletti, the head of Mussolini\'s police. The four of them go to the countryside near Rome where the assassination will take place in several days time. Salomè keeps Spatoletti busy while Tunin can scout out the area and plan. Tunin takes an interest, however, in Tripolina and they fall in love. Tunin convinces Tripolina to spend the next two days with him before the assassination as he fears they may be his last. On the morning of the assassination Tripolina is supposed to wake Tunin early. She loves him and is scared he will die so she decides she will not wake him. Tripolina and Salomè argue about this and what to do but in the end they decide to let him sleep. Tunin wakes up and is furious at both of them. He goes into a tirade that draws the attention of the police. He starts a shootout with them and screams that he wants to kill Mussolini. He is captured and beaten to death by the police. The film ends the way it began showing the full title of the film "Stamattina alle 10, in via dei Fiori, nella nota casa di tolleranza..." This morning at 10, on Via dei Fiori , in a noted brothel which is the heading of an unnamed newspaper. The article goes on to say that Tunin  was arrested and then committed suicide, in a statement of the fascist censorship characteristic of the time.'] ['A short time before the 2010 general election, Tony Blair goes on British television and gives a political broadcast, in which he announces his resignation from his position as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. The Labour Party, of which Blair is leader, is trailing David Cameron\'s Conservative Party in the polls. However, within hours of Blair\'s departure, the polling trends dramatically reverse with respondents overwhelmingly supporting Labour\'s new leader, Gordon Brown. Fearing that his "legacy" and his "place in history" are under severe threat, Blair attempts to sabotage Labour\'s election campaign, leaking an inflammatory e-mail sent from Brown to Blair wherein the former admits that tax hikes are "inevitable". Blair\'s plan works, in that Labour wins the election with a majority of just two Members of Parliament, smaller than Blair\'s majority and with Cameron in a much better position. Meanwhile, Blair is having problems of his own. Both he and his wife, Cherie, are having financial problems. He is obsessed with his legacy, but neither his former supporters nor the U.S. government &mdash; led by President Hillary Clinton &mdash; want anything to do with him. Finally, Blair is haunted by disturbing visions of dead Iraqi civilians and British soldiers in the ongoing Iraq War. His troubled conscience makes him try to convert to Catholicism, though in repeated visits to church he finds himself unable to confess to any sins. Blair is portrayed as being partly in denial that a world which once hailed him as a great leader has largely turned against him. To compound Blair\'s problems, the International Criminal Court is looking to bring war crimes charges against British and American leaders in relation to the war. Now that Blair is no longer Prime Minister, he no longer has diplomatic immunity from prosecution, and since George W. Bush cannot be prosecuted due to America\'s unwillingness to extradite former Presidents, Blair would become the main scapegoat of any such trial. Brown is initially uncertain of what to do, but his hand is ultimately forced when he is informed that several Labour MPs have threatened to defect to the Liberal Democrats &mdash; thereby destablising Labour\'s minority government &mdash; if he fails to act. The United Nations Security Council votes on the decision to bring Blair to court. Ordinarily, this would not have been an issue as the United Kingdom, a permanent member of the Security Council, would have been able to veto the resolution. Unfortunately for Blair, Brown\'s assistant orders Britain\'s Security Council representative to be absent when the resolution is voted on. The resolution passes, with all other Security Council members &mdash; including the United States &mdash; voting in favour. Under the stress of events, Blair suffers a recurrence of heart problems, but everybody believes this is play-acting. The programme ends with Tony Blair being flown to his trial in The Hague.'] ['An inept Foreign Office  diplomat  is sent to re-establish good relations with the mineral-rich British Pacific island colony of Gaillardia that has been forgotten for 50 years.'] ['The film follows Ann Arbor Daily Telegram reporter Bob Wilton , whose wife leaves him for the newspaper\'s editor. Seeking an escape, Bob flies to Kuwait to report on the Iraq War and to prove to his wife and himself that he is a man. However, he stumbles onto the story of a lifetime when he meets a retired Special Forces operator, Lyn Cassady , who reveals that he was part of an American army unit training psychic spies  to develop a range of parapsychological skills including invisibility, remote viewing, and phasing. The back story is told mainly through flashbacks. In 1972, U.S. Army officer Bill Django , after accidentally falling out of a UH-1 Iroquois "Huey" helicopter in the Binh Duong province of Vietnam, found his men to be unable or unwilling to fire on a female Viet Cong soldier before she shot him in the chest. He then underwent a fact-finding mission prompted by a vision where the Viet Cong soldier says, "their gentleness is their strength." The bulk of Django\'s mission immersed him into the New Age movement so that, when he returned to Fort Bragg in 1980, he had long braided hair and a tattoo of a third eye surmounted on a pyramid on his chest. Facilitated by the open-minded General Hopgood ([[Stephen Lang , Django led the training of a New Earth Army, with Lyn Cassady and Larry Hooper  as his top students. The two quickly developed a lifelong rivalry because of their opposing views of how to implement the New Earth Army philosophy; Lyn wanted to emphasize the positive side of the teachings, whereas Larry was more interested in the "dark side". Prompted by a doodle in Bob\'s notebook , Lyn takes him into Iraq. They are kidnapped by criminals who want to sell them to the insurgents, but escape with fellow hostage Mahmud Daash  and are rescued by a private security detail led by Todd Nixon . When the detail is caught in a firefight, the three of them flee. Bob and Lyn then continue on Lyn\'s vague mission involving a vision he had of Bill Django. After taking the wrong fork in the road, their car hits an IED in the road. The other fork in the road, to the left, reads al-Qaim, Lyn\'s destination, but neither of them could read the Arabic on the roadsigns. Bob and Lyn wander in the desert where Lyn reveals that he had stopped a goat\'s heart to test the limit of his mental abilities, an action he feels has cursed him. As part of this curse, it is revealed that Hooper conducted an unauthorized LSD experiment in which a soldier killed himself, forcing Django out of the Army. Eventually, Bob and Lyn are rescued and rehabilitated at a camp run by PSIC, a private research firm engaged in psychological and psychic experiments on a herd of goats and some captured locals. To Lyn\'s dismay, Larry Hooper runs the firm and employs Django, now a depressed alcoholic. Bob spends time with Django and learns the ways of the New Earth Army. They spike the water and food of the base with LSD and free both the goats and captured locals. Following this, Lyn and Django fly off in a helicopter, never to be heard from again, disappearing into the sky "like all shamans". Bob returns to work as a reporter and writes an article about his entire experience with Lyn. However, he is frustrated in that the only portion of the story to be aired on the news is how the captives were forced to listen to 24 hours of the Barney & Friends theme song. This dilutes his story to the level of a joke, and Bob vows to continue trying to get the bigger story out. In the film\'s final scene, Bob exercises his own psychic abilities and, following intense concentration, runs through a solid wall in his office.'] ['A young political idealist named Henry Burton  is recruited to join the campaign of Jack Stanton , a charismatic, Southern Governor, who is vying to win the Democratic Party nomination for President of the United States. Henry is impressed by Stanton\'s genuine warmth and empathy with people. He joins Stanton\'s inner circle of political advisers: Stanton\'s formidable wife, Susan Stanton ; ruthless, redneck political strategist Richard Jemmons ; intelligent and attractive spokeswoman Daisy Green ; and sly political operator Howard Ferguson  as they journey to New Hampshire, the first state to hold a presidential primary. After Stanton completes an impressive debate performance against his Democratic rivals, Henry’s ex-girlfriend shows up to question Stanton about his arrest during the 1968 Democratic Convention in Chicago. The team become worried that Stanton’s past indiscretions may be used against him by the press and his political opponents. They hire Jack and Susan\'s old friend, the tough but unbalanced Libby Holden , to respond to any attacks designed to undermine Stanton\'s candidacy, as well as anticipate problems such as allegations about Stanton\'s notorious womanising. One of Stanton\'s mistresses, Cashmere McLeod , produces secret taped conversations between them to prove they had an affair. Henry discovers that the tapes have been doctored, so Libby tracks down the man responsible for the tapes and forces him at gunpoint to confess his guilt in a signed letter to the American public. The campaign is then rocked by a fresh allegation when Stanton\'s old friend, "Big Willie" McCullison  approaches Henry to tell him that his 16-year old daughter is pregnant and that Stanton is the father. Henry and Howard tell Willie he must allow his daughter to undergo an amniocentesis to determine Stanton\'s paternity. Although they convince Willie to remain silent on the issue, Henry is nonetheless sickened and disillusioned with the experience. Realising the campaign is falling behind in the polls, Stanton\'s team adopt a new strategy. Stanton begins going on the offensive by attacking his nearest rival, Senator Lawrence Harris  for being insufficiently pro-Israel and threatening to cut Medicare. Harris confronts Stanton during a radio debate but suffers a heart attack after the encounter. He subsequently withdraws from the race and is replaced by his friend, former Florida Governor Fred Picker . Picker\'s wholesome, straight-talking image proves an immediate threat to the campaign. Henry and Libby decide to seek out information about Picker’s past. They discover from his brother-in-law, Eddie Reyes , that Picker had a cocaine addiction as Governor, which led to the disintegration of his first marriage. They also meet Lorenzo Delgado , with whom Picker had a homosexual affair. Not expecting the information to ever be used, Libby and Henry share their findings with Jack and Susan, but are dismayed when they both decide to leak the information to the press. Libby says that if Jack does so, she will reveal that he tampered with the results of the paternity test, proving that he slept with Willie\'s daughter. Libby commits suicide after she realizes she spent her life idealizing Jack and Susan only to learn how flawed they truly are. Racked with guilt over Libby\'s death, Stanton takes the incriminating information to Picker, and apologizes for seeking it out. Picker admits to his past indiscretions, and agrees to withdraw from the race and to endorse Stanton. Henry intends to quit the campaign, admitting he has become deeply disillusioned with the whole political process. Stanton begs Henry to reconsider, persuading him that the two of them can make history. Months later, President Stanton is dancing at the Inaugural Ball with First Lady, Susan. He shakes the hands of all his campaign staff, the last of whom is Henry.'] ['The film opens in a bar in Nunavut when hitman Brand Hauser  shoots and kills three men at the bar. He takes a picture of the man with his phone, sends the picture, and then throws the phone into a burning garbage can. Hauser is then seen on a plane getting directions and advice from the on board navigation system, Jerry . He turns on his screen to receive a video call from the former Vice President  who gives him his next mission: to terminate Omar Sharif , the CEO of the oil company Ugigas in Ugigistan. He tells Hauser that he will be working under the Viceroy, whose identity is still being withheld until further notice. He also tells Hauser that his cover will be a trade show host, working with Tamerlane, a huge corporation that specializes in advertising. He must produce a trade show and a gala wedding as a finale, and still manage to kill Omar Sharif before he makes his plane back to Ugigistan. He is taken by a car to the safe Emerald City within the fictional war-torn desert country of Turaqistan. In the Tamerlane building, he meets Marsha , his assistant for the mission. Once inside the building, he notices a reporter, Natalie Hegalhuzen  attempting unsuccessfully to get inside the Tamerlane building. Natalie attempts to find out why she can\'t get into Tamerlane, and after asking him several questions, is rushed out of the room by Hauser who doesn\'t want to reveal any personal details about himself. He does arrange for her to have drinks with him which she accepts. Hauser visits the Viceroy in a secret location hidden in a Popeye\'s restaurant, who tells him what he needs to do. The Viceroy  informs Hauser that the grand finale of the Trade Show he\'s supposed to prepare will be a wedding for Yonica Babyyeah , an oversexed, Central Asian pop star. He meets briefly with her and her fiancée, Ooq-Mi-Fay . Later, Natalie meets Hauser at a restaurant where he gives her an all-access pass to the Trade Show. She arrives at the rehearsal and is greeted by Hauser and Marsha, who quickly go to watch Yonica\'s rehearsal. Her oversexed appearance and slight attraction for Hauser make him throw up on Natalie\'s coat and he walks out. After talking to Jerry in his car, he drinks some hot sauce and then has a flashback. He sees himself telling his fellow hitman Walken  that he is tired of killing and wants to quit. He and Walken engage in a brief struggle in which he shoots Walken and leaves him for dead in the back of a garbage truck. After receiving a delivery from a dry-cleaner in Germany, he goes to the hotel that Natalie stays in and gives her her coat, cleaned. He asks her out for coffee and confesses to her his habit of drinking hot sauce when he\'s nervous. She then confesses that she doesn\'t despise him at all, and the two build up a small friendship. He is later visited by Yonica in his office. She tries to seduce him, but he rebuffs her. He later sees her when he is in a restaurant with Sharif and Natalie. Hauser takes Natalie home, where she kisses him. Embarrassed, she quickly rushes out of the car. She sees him the next day and asks for a pass out of the Emerald City. He gives her a card that he received earlier by videomakers who are big in the Arts Community, and might give her a good lead. Hours later, he visits Yonica and listens to her sing a beautiful ballad; from here on out, he develops a paternal affection for her. Meanwhile, Natalie buys the cover for a pornographic video that the videomakers were going to shoot on Yonica\'s wedding night. After a confrontation with Ooq-Mi-Fay  Hauser decides that the only way to continue with the wedding peacefully is to blame everything on Ooq-Mi-Fay\'s friend Bhodi Bhundhang. Bhodi hunts him down and tries to kill him in a big house that Yonica is supposed to do an interview in. There, Hauser reveals his past to Natalie and Yonica, and how his wife was killed and his daughter was kidnapped. He is interrupted when he hears a gun and rushes to another room, where he is forced to fight Bhodi. He kills Bhodi in front of Natalie and Yonica, who flee the house, horrified. They rush off into a cab, where Yonica asks Natalie to be her bridesmaid; Natalie accepts. Six hours before the wedding, Hauser receives a ransom video from what appears to be a gang of terrorists, who have taken Natalie hostage. Hauser travels to a nearby city named Fallaf, saves Natalie, and makes it to Room 1101, where he had planned to meet and kill Sharif. Hauser has a change of heart and lets Sharif live, and in return is informed "the ultimate chicken-hawk is nearby". Realizing what this means Hauser goes to the Viceroy\'s secret location, and breaks down the glass to reveal the man behind the screen. The Viceroy, is actually Walken &mdash; the man who killed his wife and kidnapped his daughter. Hauser asks Walken what he did with his daughter, and finds out that Yonica was actually his daughter all along. He rushes to tell Yonica at the wedding, and arrives there right before Walken destroys the building, accidentally killing himself in the process. Fortunately, Hauser, Natalie, and Yonica survive, and rush off to a plane that Yonica and Ooq-Mi-Fay were supposed to fly off in. Once they are airborne, and have presumably escaped, we see a trailing missile about to strike the aircraft. The Vice President reveals his next plan to attack neighboring Ugigistan, blaming them for the bombing of the Emerald city, and terrorist incidents in Turaqistan.'] ['In South Park, Colorado, Kenny McCormick, Kyle Broflovski, Eric Cartman and Stan Marsh are on their way to the local movie theater to see the new film Terrance and Phillip: Asses of Fire which stars the boys\' favorite Canadian comedy duo, Terrance and Phillip. The boys learn new words from the movie, which causes the other kids in town to see the picture. The kids of South Park Elementary School begin cursing in class, and Kyle, Cartman, Kenny and Stan are sent to Counselor Mackey\'s office, where he informs their parents. Learning that the language was from the movie, the parents force the teachers to abandon their previous lesson plans and run a rehab-like center{{dn}} for the kids to get them to stop swearing. After rehab, the boys and the rest of the children see the movie again. After Kenny dies as the result of lighting his fart on fire like in the movie , the boys are grounded, Kenny is sent to Hell where he meets Satan and Saddam Hussein who are gay lovers, the parents of South Park boycott Terrance and Phillip, and Sheila  has Terrance and Phillip arrested for corrupting the minds of America\'s children. As response to having the duo arrested, Canada strikes back by bombing the house of the Baldwin brothers, killing them. Cartman is implanted with a V-chip by Dr. Vosknocker which will shock Cartman every time he uses profanity. Stan is trying to win back a girl he likes, Wendy, who is hanging out with another boy named Gregory. Stan asks Chef for advice, and Chef tells him to find the clitoris, which is a word Stan does not recognize. Sheila and President Bill Clinton reveal on national news their plans to go to war with Canada in response to the killing of the Baldwins and to have Terrance and Phillip executed at a USO show. Meanwhile, Satan knows that the war is a sign to invade Earth, and if the blood of the two Canadians touches American soil, it will be time for him to rise up. Saddam wants to come with him, but Satan is tired of being bossed around by Saddam. Kenny tells Satan to break up with Saddam to which Satan initially agrees, but Saddam wins back Satan with a song. Kenny haunts Cartman as a ghost and tells him that Satan and Saddam Hussein plan to come to Earth and for Cartman to warn everybody. The boys have a secret meeting to talk about how they can save Terrance and Phillip. They form "La Resistance" and Gregory tells Stan to meet with a kid named The Mole to help them infiltrate the location of the USO show. La Resistance and The Mole infiltrate the USO show, but The Mole is killed by guard dogs. It is up to everyone else to save Terrance and Phillip and Cartman\'s V-Chip malfunctions due to a power surge. The kids save Terrance and Phillip, but the Canadians unexpectedly show up and a bloody battle ensues. Sheila shoots Terrance and Phillip which results in Satan and Saddam Hussein rising from the ground. The other moms decide to stop what they are doing, seeing as what they and their Mothers Against Canada organization started and head off to look for their sons. Stan finds the clitoris  in the woods who tells him to be confident in order to win back Wendy\'s love. Satan finally kills Saddam when he gets fed up with all the abuse and brings Kenny back from Hell, telling him can have any wish in exchange for encouraging him to kill Saddam. Kenny wishes for everything to return to the way it was before the War, which means he will remain dead. Kenny is sent to Heaven due to this act, the war has ended, the Canadians and Americans become friends again, and everything returns to normal. Back in South Park, Ike, still hiding in the attic, eats a rat in a post-credits scene'] ["Ivan Ivanović, a party functionary, arrives in a provincial town as a temporary replacement for a cultural official. The newcomer is fanatically eager to reform the town's cultural life in accordance with socialist ideals. He abolishes all five music societies and orders a monument of the town's most revered native, late composer Ciguli Miguli, removed from the main square. Ivanović's actions, however, meet stiff resistance from the townspeople, especially the youth."] ['When some local children roll a tractor tyre down a hole, it sets off an unexploded bomb left over from the Second World War in Miramont Gardens in the Pimlico district of London. The explosion reveals a buried cellar containing artwork, coins, jewellery and an ancient parchment document. Professor Hatton-Jones  authenticates it as a royal charter of Edward IV that ceded the house and its estates to Charles VII, the last Duke of Burgundy, when he sought refuge there several centuries ago after being presumed dead at the Battle of Nancy. As the charter had never been revoked, Pimlico is legally part of Burgundy. Local policeman P.C. Spiller  is shocked to realise, "Blimey! I\'m a foreigner!". The British government has no legal jurisdiction and requires the Burgundians to form a committee according to the laws of the long-defunct dukedom before negotiating with them. Ancient Burgundian law requires that the Duke himself appoint a council. Without one, all seems lost - until a young man from Dijon  steps forward and proves that he is the heir to the dukedom. He duly forms a governing body; one of its members is the shrewd shopkeeper Arthur Pemberton . Very quickly, Burgundy  realises that it is not subject to post-war rationing and other bureaucratic restrictions, and the district is quickly flooded with entrepreneurs, crooks and eager shoppers. A noisy free-for-all ensues, which Spiller, the Chief  Constable of Burgundy, finds himself unable to handle. Then the British authorities close the "border" with barbed wire. Having left England without their passports, the bargain hunters have trouble returning home - as one policeman replies to an indignant woman, "Don\'t blame me Madam, if you choose to go abroad to do your shopping." The Burgundians decide that two can play this game and stop an underground train dead in its tracks. "The train is now at the Burgundy frontier", explains an agent of the newly formed customs and excise department. They proceed to ask the passengers if they have anything to declare. The infuriated British government retaliates by breaking off negotiations. Burgundy is cut off, like the western sectors of post-war Berlin, and the residents are invited to "emigrate" to England. But the Burgundians are "a fighting people" and, though the children are evacuated, the adults stand fast. As Mrs. Pemberton  puts it, "We\'ve always been English and we\'ll always be English; and it\'s precisely because we are English that we\'re sticking up for our right to be Burgundians!" Pimlico is cut off from electricity, food and water . The water problem is solved by a covert raid late one night, refilling the reservoir with hoses attached to the nearest fire hydrant on the British side of the border. Unfortunately, the food supply is spoiled when the cellar where it is being stored becomes flooded, and it appears that the Burgundians are beaten. Just in time, three Burgundian youngsters learn about this crisis and toss food across the border, setting an example for sympathetic Londoners; they begin throwing food parcels across the barrier in an improvised "airlift", echoing the one that ended the Berlin blockade. Soon, others get into the act. A helicopter drops a hose to deliver milk. Even swine are parachuted in . Meanwhile, the government comes under public pressure to resolve the problem. It becomes clear to the bumbling British diplomats assigned to find a solution, Gregg  and Straker , that defeating the Burgundians would be no easy task, so they negotiate. The sticking point turns out to be the disposition of the unearthed treasure. At last, the local banker  hits upon a novel solution: "A Burgundian loan to Britain!" With negotiations successfully concluded, an outdoor banquet is prepared to welcome Burgundy back into the fold. Just as Big Ben strikes the hour of reunification, the Burgundians realise they truly are back in England when a torrential downpour sends everyone scurrying for cover.'] ['When an unnamed president of the United States is caught in a closed room making advances on an underage "Firefly Girl"  less than two weeks before re-election, Conrad Brean , a top notch spin-doctor, is brought in to try to take the public attention away from the scandal. He decides to construct a fake war with Albania, hoping the media will concentrate on this instead. In order to come up with his \'war\', he contacts a Hollywood producer named Stanley Motss , who brings in a series of specialists who help construct a theme song, build up interest, and fake some footage of an orphan in Albania. The plan\'s setbacks, including an error that led to seizing a criminally insane Army prison convict  to be their "hero" who was "shot down behind enemy lines," do not disturb Motss, who repeatedly claims "this is nothing" while comparing the situation to past movie-making catastrophes he averted. In the end, with the election having taken place and the president re-elected, everything seems fine until Motss finds out from the news outlets that the media are crediting the president\'s win to his tired campaign slogan of "Don\'t change horses in mid stream" rather than Motss\'s elaborate plans. Motss announces that he will call the media to "set them straight," despite Brean\'s warning that he is "toying with his life." When Motss refuses to back down, Brean has him killed and makes it look as if he had a heart attack while tanning next to his pool. The film ends with a news report about a violent incident in Albania, but it is unclear whether this is a true event or simply a continuation of the fictional war.'] ['The core plot begins with the kidnapping of Patrick, the son of a wealthy industrialist. Sexual and romantic engtanglements push the drama forward. At the film\'s climax, Gudrun delivers a soliloquy on the importance of personal life in revolution. She puts particular emphasis on the breaking of heterosexual and possessive sexual norms, urging her comrades to join "The Homosexual Intifada". The pressure of Gudrun\'s controlling personality causes the group to break up. Most of the urban guerrillas escape into the night. In the dénouement, the characters are visited some time later. Several have found happiness in the homosexual relationships established during their revolutionary activities. Che has become a terrorist trainer in the Middle East. Patrick escapes with Clyde, where they embark on a spree of bank robberies. This action is reminiscent of Patty Hearst\'s actions with the SLA. Gudrun and Holger settle down and have a child named Ulrike , whom Gudrun believes could embody the next generation of the Red Army Faction.'] ["Montreal West high school student Leon Bronstein  believes that he is the reborn incarnation of Marxist/Bolshevik leader Leon Trotsky. Shortly after he starts to work in his family's clothing factory, he attempts to unionize the workplace with such actions as a hunger strike. He is pulled from his upper-class private school by his father  and sent to the public school system. There, he continues his quest to live out Trotsky's activism, as he is pitted against the strong-willed principal Mr. Berkhoff . Meanwhile, he seeks romance with older graduate student Alexandra .<ref namehttp://tiff.net/filmsandschedules/films/trotsky | titleToronto International Film Festival | date18 May 2010 }} {{Dead link}}"] ['Team America exists to stop terrorists from committing world crimes. With a home base within Mount Rushmore, the team consists of: Lisa, a psychologist; Carson, Lisa\'s love interest; Sarah, an alleged psychic; Joe, an all-American jock who is in love with Sarah; and Chris, a technological and martial arts expert who harbors a mistrust of actors. The team is led by Spottswoode, a United States government agent. I.N.T.E.L.L.I.G.E.N.C.E. is their highly-advanced supercomputer. The story opens in Paris, France, where the team interrupts a group of terrorists in action. During the ensuing firefight, the Team destroys the Eiffel Tower  and the Louvre, "saving" the day but ironically causing more damage than if they had not been present. Carson then proposes to Lisa, but the moment is cut short when a dying terrorist kills Carson. In search of a new member, Spottswoode recruits Gary Johnston, a Broadway actor, who was starring in Lease, and who has college majors in Theater and World Languages. Gary will use his acting talents to infiltrate terrorist organizations. Unbeknownst to the team, North Korean dictator Kim Jong-il is supplying international terrorists with weapons of mass destruction, planning a mysterious worldwide attack. I.N.T.E.L.L.I.G.E.N.C.E. is informed of a terrorist meeting in Cairo, Egypt. Gary manages to successfully infiltrate the terrorist group due to his fluency in their language, which is shown to be a caricature of Arabic that consists mainly of the words "Derka", "Muhammad" and "Jihad". During this time, both Lisa and Sarah become romantically attracted to him. Chris, however, hates Gary, because he is an actor. Gary is sent in undercover, and gains trust of a terrorist lieutenant despite having a poor disguise. The team attempts to capture the terrorists, and although Team America successfully foils the plan, their actions again leave most of the city in ruins. The group is criticized by the Film Actors Guild ([[Faggot , a union of liberal Hollywood actors. The group includes Gary\'s favorite actor, Alec Baldwin, and his heavy criticism is discouraging to Gary. Meanwhile, the United Nations assign Hans Blix to inspect Kim Jong-il\'s lair, but Blix is killed by Kim Jong-il\'s man-eating sharks. As Team America relaxes, Gary expresses his guilt to Lisa, remembering a time where his acting talent caused his brother to be killed by gorillas. As the two consummate their relationship, a group of terrorists blow up the Panama Canal. The Film Actors Guild blames Team America, believing that they are responsible, as the terrorists claim this is retaliation for Team America\'s attack in Egypt. Gary, realizing his acting talents have once again resulted in a tumult, abandons the team, causing conflict among the remaining members. Believing the terrorists to be operating within Derkaderkastan, the original members depart, only to be attacked and captured by terrorists and the North Koreans, respectively. Meanwhile, Michael Moore infiltrates the team\'s base and suicide bombs the area. Kim Jong-il, upset with the terrorists\' actions, expresses his frustration and despair by singing "I\'m So Ronery". Meanwhile, Gary slips further into alcoholism. In North Korea, Kim Jong-il plans to host an elaborate peace ceremony, inviting not only the Film Actors Guild, but also the world\'s political leaders. Alec Baldwin is chosen as the ceremony\'s host. During the celebration, a series of bombs will be detonated throughout the world, reducing every nation to a Third World country. Gary returns to the Team\'s headquarters in Mount Rushmore and finds only ruins, although Spottswoode and I.N.T.E.L.L.I.G.E.N.C.E. have survived. After regaining Spottswoode\'s trust by performing oral sex on him, and undergoing a one-day training course (shown as a [[Montage , Gary is sent to North Korea. Gary manages to free the team. They are confronted by the Film Actors Guild and a violent battle ensues, which involves panthers being released at the team, and leaving most of the Guild brutally slain, with Alec Baldwin remaining alive as the host of the ceremony. Soon after, Chris confesses to Gary that his mistrust of actors is due to the fact that he was raped by the cast of Cats at the age of nineteen. The team then confronts Kim Jong-il. Although initially unsuccessful, Gary convinces the world\'s leaders to unite when he recites the drifter\'s emotional speech that he heard in the bar, stunning Alec. Kim Jong-il then kills Alec with an assault rifle, but is defeated by Lisa and impaled on a Pickelhaube. Kim\'s bombs are disarmed; and he is revealed to be a cockroach from another planet. He flees, departing in a miniature spaceship, but promises to return. When Gary and Lisa begin a relationship, the team reunites, preparing to combat the remainder of the world\'s terrorists.'] ['Dave Kovic  runs a temporary employment agency in Georgetown, Washington, D.C., and, as a side job, makes appearances impersonating President Bill Mitchell , whom he resembles, at events such as automobile dealerships and supermarket openings. He is requested by Secret Service agent Duane Stevensen  to make an appearance as the President at a hotel where he is making a speech. Dave assumes it is a matter of security, but it is really to cover up Mitchell\'s extramarital affair with a White House staffer . Mitchell suffers a severe stroke during the liaison, leaving him in a coma. White House Chief of Staff Bob Alexander  and Communications Director Alan Reed  convince Dave to continue impersonating the President. They tell him that Vice President Gary Nance  is mentally unbalanced, but in actuality Bob does not want the Vice President in power because it will prevent Bob from achieving his own agenda. Only Bob, Alan, the Secret Service, and the medical staff tending to Mitchell know of the switch. First Lady Ellen Mitchell  lives a mainly separate life, seeing little of the President. The public is notified that Mitchell has had a "minor circulatory problem of the head." With Dave established as president, Bob and Alan send Nance on a goodwill tour of Africa and implicate him in a savings and loan fraud that Bob and Mitchell perpetrated. Once Nance is forced to resign, Bob plans for Dave to nominate him as vice president, whereupon Mitchell will have a more serious stroke and Bob will ascend to the presidency. Dave\'s enthusiasm revives Mitchell\'s popularity, as commented on by numerous media personalities and Congressmen who make cameo appearances. Dave visits a homeless shelter with the First Lady, who does not understand why he has taken a sudden interest in her project. Bob falsifies Mitchell\'s veto of a funding bill that includes the shelter, ostensibly for budget reasons. After the First Lady confronts Dave about the veto, Dave confronts Bob, who coldly tells him that if he can cut $650 million from the budget he can keep the shelter. Dave has his friend Murray Blum , an accountant, help him rewrite the federal budget so that the project may be reinstated, whereupon he also finds that an extreme majority of the budget is being used for frivolous expenses . The First Lady suspects that the current Mitchell is not really her husband, and tricks Dave into revealing the truth. When Dave and Duane shows her the real Bill on life support in the White House basement, she and Dave decide to secretly leave the White House. However, after a night out, they realize all the good they could do, and decide to return. Already furious about the budget changes, Bob snaps at Dave when he calls a surprise press conference. Dave forces him to resign , then announces a plan to create employment for every American who wants work. Nance returns from Africa and confronts Dave about the savings and loan scandal; Dave realizes Bob and Alan have misled him about Nance . Nance tells Dave he thinks the jobs initiative is a wonderful idea, but that the scandal will make it difficult to pass. Wanting to know how the Vice President got started, Dave learns that Nance had been a shoe salesman before his wife convinced him to run for city council. Dave talks with Ellen about how Nance is a good man; Ellen, realizing what Dave is planning, realizes she doesn\'t want to lose Dave, for she has fallen for him. Bob, out for revenge, reveals Mitchell\'s involvement in the savings and loan scandal. In a joint session of Congress, Dave admits to Mitchell\'s role in the scandal, but introduces evidence proving that Bob was the mastermind and Nance was not involved. Bob, watching the session on TV with Republican friends, realizes Alan has betrayed him and is soon alone at home. During the speech, Dave fakes a stroke and makes a switch with the real Mitchell in an ambulance taking him to the hospital. Nance becomes acting president and is sworn in as President five months later when Mitchell dies; he announces he will continue the push for Dave\'s jobs plan. Bob and other members of the administration are indicted on various charges on the day the jobs initiative passes. Back at his old job, Dave decides to run for city council. Ellen Mitchell arrives to reunite with him. Duane, now on Dave\'s campaign team, stands guard outside the office door.'] ["Almost the entirety of the film focus on the few hours before and after Park's assassination on October 26, 1979. Undoubtedly the most controversial aspect of the film is its portrayal of Park. In the film, he is shown to be a cowardly libertine, having late-night drinking parties, pawing young women, and in particular having much admiration for Japanese culture, to the point of occasionally speaking Japanese himself.<ref groupJuly 2008}} The film starts out in a luxurious brothel, where KCIA Chief Agent Ju deals with the mother of a young woman who was one of Park's playmates, who has come with her daughter to offer her again to the President, by interrogating and intimidating them. KCIA director Kim gets scolded by a doctor about his drinking, a direct result of having to attend President Park's drinking parties. Scenes of various officials and low officers making their way to a heavily-guarded safehouse follow, including Chief Agent Ju procuring an attractive young woman and the famous enka and trot singer Sim Soo-bong for the party. During the dinner, President Park, his personal bodyguard Cha Ji-cheol, Director Kim, Chief Secretary Yang  discuss how to deal with demonstrators, with Cha berating Kim for not being repressive enough. Kim, having been agitated the entire day, decides then to kill Park, and hatches the plan with Chief Agent Ju and KCIA Col. Min. Director Kim returns to the party, shoots Cha  and Park, each with a single shot, jamming the pistol on this second shot. Soon thereafter, Agent Ju and Col. Min and a few minions kill the president's personal bodyguard staff and secure the building. Kim comes back with another gun and finishes off Cha and tells off Park before shooting him in the head. They move to make the scene resemble an ambush by North Korean forces, and Kim uses the political fear and tension to his advantage while convening a Cabinet Council. Director Kim and Colonel Min meet with the Army higher-ups to sell them his version of events, but Chief Secretary Yang gets to them first and tells what really happened. With every agency under its own authority and the possibility of inter-agency war looming, the Army arrests Director Kim, leaving Agent Yu and Colonel Min helpless and confused. Realizing their fate, they call their families to say goodbye. Prime Minister Choi Kyu-ha ascends to the presidency, and the fates of those involved at the party, mostly execution, are listed.  * Song Jae-ho – Park Chung-hee * Han Suk-kyu – KCIA Chief Agent Ju * Baek Yoon-sik – KCIA director Kim Jae-kyu"] ['Lopez , a bureaucrat from the Latin American "Republica De Los Cocos" {{citation needed}} Lopitos, who is horribly inefficient but quick-witted, is invited  to a banquet attended by the ambassadors of both superpowers. After the news of a series of coups d\'état in Los Cocos arrives throughout the meal, Lopitos becomes the official ambassador. At a summit of world leaders, the representatives of the two world superpowers, "Dolaronia"  and "Pepeslavia", court the allegiances of third-world diplomats to tilt the balance of global power in their favor. The last diplomat to remain unaligned, Lopitos instead harangues the superpowers for infringing on the rights of developing countries to self determination, talking to them with his point of view as a citizen not as ambassador because he arranged his demise as ambassador one day before his speech.'] ["The film is set in the late 1970s in Wielice, People's Republic of Poland. Factory worker Filip Mosz  is a nervous new father and a doting husband when he begins filming his daughter's first days with a newly acquired 8mm movie camera. He believes, as he tells his wife, that he now has everything he ever wanted since his youth as an orphan, but when the local Communist Party boss asks him to film an upcoming jubilee celebration of his plant, his fascination with the possibilities of film begins to transform his life. When they see his edited short film of the conference/celebration, his superiors find his shot of a pigeon useless and his shots of several negotiators at a business meeting too probing. His boss suggests that Filip cut the shots of the entertainers being paid, the men going to the bathroom, and the business meeting.  He submits the film to a festival in another town, and gains second prize. No, first prize is awarded because the committee feels that the work was not good enough, even Filip's work, however, he is given an award as an incentive to keep filming. His responsibilities to his wife and daughter slip off his radar as his gaze fixes on Anna Wlodarczyk , various activities he films, and the world of cinephiles. The Kraków TV station airs Filip's film about a little person  who works at the factory and another one about the misallocated town renovation funds. Filip's boss gives him a talking: work on the new nursery school will have to stop because of his expose, and Stasio will lose his job. After that, Filip gets the canister for his as-yet undeveloped new film about the brickyard, opens it and tosses the film out to be exposed to the light. Alone at home, his wife has left with their daughter, Filip turns his, now 16mm, camera on himself."] ['Five incorrigible crooks, frustrated by their disappointing career as bank robbers, decide to switch from bank heists to kidnapping European celebrities. Pretending to be terrorists, they kidnap their first hostage, singer Johnny Hallyday, and demand a huge sum of money to prevent further trouble. They receive their ransom money. They go on to kidnap other celebrities, and grow more successful with each kidnapping. Eventually they expand their targets and hijack planes, kidnap ambassadors, and even abduct the Pope.{{cite web}}'] ['In pre-revolutionary Cuba, James Wormold , a vacuum cleaner salesman, is recruited by Hawthorne  of the British Secret Intelligence Service to be their Havana operative. Instead of recruiting his own agents, Wormold invents agents from men he knows only by sight, and sketches "plans" for a rocket-launching pad based on vacuum parts to increase his value to the service and to procure more money for himself and his expensive daughter Milly. Because his importance grows, he is sent a secretary, Beatrice , and a radioman from London to be under his command. With their arrival it becomes much harder for Wormold to maintain his facade. However, when they do, all of his imagined information begins to come true. One of his "agents" is killed, and he is himself targeted for assassination. He admits what he\'s done to his secretary, and is recalled to London. At the film\'s conclusion, rather than telling the truth to the prime minister and other military intelligence services, Wormold\'s commanders  agree to fabricate a story claiming his imagined machines had been dismantled, bestow honors on Wormold, and offer him a position teaching espionage classes in London.'] ["The film follows the exploits of film actor Jack Noah , who is filming in the small, fictional South American country of Parador when the Paradorian President for Life suddenly dies of a heart attack. Not wanting to lose his position in power, the president's right-hand man, Roberto Strausmann  forces Jack to take the 'role of a lifetime' - that of the dead president, as the two men look so much alike. Jack accepts, eventually winning over the people and even the dead president's mistress, Madonna . However, when paradise proves to be too boring, Jack needs to find a way to get out while keeping Roberto out of the loop. The movie attempts to generate suspense by establishing that Jack Noah is in physical jeopardy so long as he remains in Parador. However, the film is told in flashback, with an opening scene establishing that Jack has returned to New York City."] ['The movie\'s main protagonist is Milan , a Bosnian Serb. At the beginning of the war in Bosnia, his life in his little village with his best friend Halil , a Bosniak, is generally quiet and reminiscent of that of a normal lifestyle in the countryside. He gradually notices that Bosniaks whom he knew in his village are slowly but surely moving out. During the conflict, Milan joins the Bosnian Serb Army and is attached to a squad that includes: * Velja : A career criminal and thief from Belgrade who did most of his "work" in Germany in the late 1980s and early 1990s. On a visit home, he pretended to be his younger brother, knowing full well he\'d be taken to the frontlines, when authorities came to pick up his draft-dodging sibling. He provides the film\'s title. After the squad set a village alight, they watch it burn and he says: "Pretty villages are pretty when they burn. Ugly villages stay ugly, even when they burn."  * Petar "Professor" : A Bosnian Serb school teacher from Banja Luka before the war, he seems to have nostalgic feelings towards Yugoslavia. While some of the others loot houses, he is more interested in literature. He intermittently reads from a burnt diary he found in one of the villages the squad passed through. * Brzi  : An unstable Belgrade junkie, he is the son of a Yugoslav People\'s Army  officer. High on drugs one night he walks to the highway overpass in Belgrade where the people have gathered to cheer on the troops going to war. He jumps off into traffic below only to land in a JNA truck headed towards the Croatian border. It is left ambiguous whether the jump was a suicide attempt. Once on the front lines, he is given an ambulance truck to drive and he now sees his involvement in the war as an attempt to get himself off drugs. He is the only one in the unit who speaks English. * Laza ([[Dragan Petrović : A simpleminded and impressionable family man with old-fashioned values, villager Laza was so outraged by a Serbian TV news-report about atrocities being perpetrated against Serbs that he walked to the nearest highway and hitchhiked to Belgrade to volunteer for combat recruitment. On the way there he vents his anger to the truck driver that picked him up, telling him among other things "never again shall a German or Turk set foot here", completely unaware that the person behind the wheel is a Turkish trucker driving through Serbia. * Viljuška  : A Chetnik sympathizer from a rural area in central Serbia whose only motive for signing up for war was looking out for his best man Laza. He is nicknamed Fork because he carries a fork around his neck symbolizing Serbian sophistication in the 14th century and compares Serbian kings to English and German kings at the time, who he says ate using their hands. He is very cheerful and jovial until Laza dies. * Marko  : A young man who appears to be about 18 years old. He is often foolish and desperately seeking the approval of his squad-members. He is shown to be very fond of foreign culture; he drew a graffiti of a Serb three-finger salute with the caption saying "Srbija do Tokija"  in an ethnically cleansed Bosniak house, later holding a Confederate flag when leaving the Bosniak village sitting on top of an OT M-60, and he always wear a headband with the Chinese character for "dragon"  on it. * Gvozden : The squad\'s captain, and a professionally trained JNA officer. Although fighting for the Serbian side against the Muslims , in his heart he\'s still a loyalist to Yugoslavia and its ideals. He walked 350&nbsp;km to attend Tito\'s funeral in 1980. He has past history with the Bosniak squad\'s leader as they both served together in the JNA. * Liza Linel : Liza is an American reporter for the CBC News, looking for stories at the front lines. She snuck into Speedy\'s medical truck before he drove it into the tunnel. Milan is generally dissatisfied with the way the war is being conducted and is disturbed by the fact that profiteers are looting and burning his best friend Halil\'s property. Milan shoots three of the profiteers, wounding them and is shocked that the nearby kafana owner Slobo  is with them. Milan is later told by the kafana owner that his mother has been killed by Bosniaks from Halil\'s squad. As the movie progresses, Milan and his squad are ambushed and encircled by a group of Bosniak fighters. Seeing that there is no way around the issue, Milan decides to tell his surviving squad mates about a tunnel he was scared of entering as a child. The squad enters the tunnel and engages in a firefights with the Bosniak fighters. They are joined by Brzi and Liza. The squad stays inside the cave for a week and slowly but surely the soldiers snap, one by one they try to leave the tunnel and they are killed or wounded for it. Meanwhile, each of them have flashbacks as to what brought each of them into this situation. After their force has been whittled down substantially, Gvozden drives the truck out of the tunnel; the truck explodes killing both Gvozden and the Bosniak fighters, and opening the way out. The movie\'s climax is when Milan and Halil meet outside at the tunnel\'s exit and openly ask each other a few important questions. Halil asks who burned down his shop while Milan asks who killed his mother; both men deny each of the actions. Halil is then killed by a Serbian artillery strike. Milan, Petar and Brzi escape and all three are sent to the Belgrade Military Hospital, where Brzi dies.  Although the film has highly non-linear structure, most consider it easy to follow. The story is told in several time periods, which cut back and forth: * 1971 – The prologue is done as a faux newsreel, showing the opening of the Tunnel of Brotherhood and Unity by visiting local dignitary Džemal Bijedić on 27 June 1971. * 1980 – Milan and Halil are young boys, and this thread shows their childhood friendship set somewhere in the rural Eastern Bosnia. Though the specific village is not mentioned by name it\'s assumed to be somewhere in the Drina valley . * Late 1980s/early 1990s – Milan and Halil open an auto-repair shop in the village. * 1992 – Referenced in the film as "the first day of the war", this probably takes place on March 2, as the kafana owner reads about the shooting of Nikola Gardović in Sarajevo  in the Večernje novosti newspaper. * 1994 – The main thrust of the film, in which the squad is pinned down in the tunnel. * 1994  – Milan and the Professor, as well as an unconscious Speedy, are in a military hospital in Belgrade. In addition, there is a prologue and epilogue: * Epilogue – 21 July 1999. This is also supposedly a newsreel, showing the re-opening of the reconstructed tunnel under the new name – Tunnel of Peace. Finally, there is a scene outside the main narrative of the film in which the young Milan and Halil enter the tunnel to find out it is full of dead bodies. Two of those bodies are themselves , symbolizing their fates sealed in this tunnel.'] ["Lagaan takes place in the town of Champaner, now in the State of Gujarat, in western India during the height of the British Empire in India in 1893. Captain Andrew Russell , the commanding officer of the Champaner cantonment, has imposed high taxes  on people from the local villages which they are unable to pay due to a prolonged drought. Led by Bhuvan , the villagers beg Raja Puran Singh  to help them. He tells them that much to his regret, he is also bound by British law. It is after their visit to the Raja that the people of the village first witness a cricket match. Bhuvan mocks the game and gets into a fight with one of the British officers. Taking an instant dislike to Bhuvan, Russell offers to cancel the taxes of the whole province for three years if the villagers can beat his men in a game of cricket. If the villagers lose, however, they will have to pay three times the amount of their normal taxes. Bhuvan accepts this wager on the behalf of all villages without their consent. When the other villagers find out about the bet, they are furious with Bhuvan. He argues that it is important for everyone to fight against British rule. Bhuvan thus begins to prepare the villagers for the match. He initially finds only five people willing to join the team. He is aided in his efforts by Russell's sister Elizabeth  who feels that her brother has mistreated the people in the villages. As she teaches them the rules of the game, she falls in love with Bhuvan, much to the anguish of Gauri  who is also in love with him. After Bhuvan reassures Gauri of his feelings for her, the woodcutter Lakha  becomes enraged as he is also in love with Gauri. In an attempt to discredit Bhuvan, Lakha offers himself as a spy for Russell and joins the villager's team in order to destroy it. Eventually, as the villagers realise that winning equals freedom, and as a few of them are insulted by the British, they join the team. Still short one player, Bhuvan also invites an untouchable, Kachra , who can bowl leg spin. The villagers, conditioned by longterm prejudice against untouchables, refuse to play if Kachra joins the team. Bhuvan chastises the villagers, leading them to accept Kachra. The second half of the film focuses on the match itself. On the first day, Russell wins the toss and elects to bat, giving the British officers a strong start. Bhuvan brings Kachra into the match only to find that Kachra has lost his ability to spin the ball. In addition, as part of his agreement with Russell, Lakha deliberately drops many catches. During the evening, however, Elizabeth sees Lakha meeting with her brother. She races to the village and informs Bhuvan of Lakha's deception. Rather than allow the villagers to kill him, Bhuvan offers Lakha the chance to redeem himself. The next day as part of his promise to Bhuvan, Lakha takes a diving one-handed catch. However the British score almost 300 runs, losing only three wickets by the lunch break. Kachra is brought back to bowl and takes a hat-trick which sparks the British batting collapse. The villagers soon start their innings. Bhuvan and Deva  give their team a solid start. Deva misses out on his half-century when a straight-drive from Bhuvan ricochets off the bowler's hand onto the stumps at the non-striker's end, while Deva was backing up too far. When Lakha comes on to bat, he is hit by a bouncer on his head, and he falls on to his stumps. Other batsmen get out trying to score a boundary off each delivery. Ismail , a good batsman, retires hurt as he is hit on his leg. The villager's team ends the day with 5 batsmen out of action with less than half of the required runs on board. On the third and final day, Bhuvan passes his century, while most of the later wickets fall. Ismail returns to bat with the help of a runner and reduces the required runs to a gettable total. The game comes down to the last over with Kachra on strike. With one ball remaining and the team down 5 runs, Kachra knocks the ball a short distance, managing only a single. However, the umpire signals no ball and Bhuvan returns to bat, and swings extremely hard at the next ball. Captain Russell backpedals and catches the ball, leading him to believe the British team has won. However, Russell caught the ball beyond the boundary which gives 6 runs, and the win, to Bhuvan's team. At that moment, the drought ends as a rainstorm erupts. Bhuvan's defeat of the British team leads to the disbanding of the humiliated cantonment. In addition, Russell is forced to pay the taxes for the whole province and is transferred to Central Africa. After realizing that Bhuvan loves Gauri, Elizabeth returns to London. Heartbroken, she remains unmarried for the rest of her life. Bhuvan marries Gauri."] ['Chance  is a middle-aged man who lives in the townhouse of an old, wealthy man in Washington D.C. He seems simple-minded and has lived there his whole life tending the garden. Other than gardening, his knowledge is derived entirely from what he sees on television. When his benefactor dies, Chance is forced to leave and discovers the outside world for the first time. He wanders aimlessly, wearing his former employer\'s expensive clothes. Chance passes by a TV shop and sees himself captured by a camera in the shop window. Entranced, he steps backward off the sidewalk and is struck by a car owned by Ben Rand , an elderly business mogul. Rand\'s wife Eve  brings Chance to their home to recover. Drinking alcohol for the first time, Chance coughs as he tells them his name. "Chance the Gardener" is misheard as "Chauncey Gardiner". Judging by his appearance and manners, Rand assumes that Chance is an upper class, highly educated business man. Chance\'s style and seemingly insightful ways embody the qualities Rand admires. Chance\'s simplistic utterances about gardens are interpreted as allegorical statements about business and the state of the economy. Rand is also a confidant and adviser of the U.S. President , whom he introduces to "Chauncey". The president interprets Chance\'s remarks about how the garden changes with the seasons as economic and political advice. Chance, as Chauncey Gardiner, quickly rises to national public prominence. He becomes a media celebrity with an appearance on a television talk show and soon rises to the top of Washington society. Public opinion polls start to reflect just how much his "simple brand of wisdom" resonates with the jaded American public. Rand, dying of aplastic anemia, encourages Eve to become close to Chance. At his funeral, while the president delivers a speech, members of the board of Rand\'s companies hold a whispered discussion over potential replacements for the President in the next term of office. As Rand\'s coffin is about to be interred in the family mausoleum, they unanimously agree on "Chauncey Gardiner". Oblivious to all this, Chance wanders through Rand\'s wintry estate. He straightens out a pine sapling and then walks off across the surface of a small lake. The audience now sees Chance physically walking on water. He pauses, dips his umbrella into the water under his feet as if testing its depth, turns, and then continues to walk on the water as the president quotes Rand: "Life is a state of mind."'] ['During a battle in the last months of World War I, the protagonist, an unnamed Jewish private and a barber by profession , is fighting for the Central Powers in the army of the fictional nation of Tomainia, comically blundering through the trenches in combat scenes. Upon hearing a fatigued pilot pleading for help, the private attempts to rescue the exhausted officer, Commander Schultz . The two board Schultz\'s nearby airplane and fly off, escaping enemy fire in the nick of time. Schultz reveals that he is carrying important dispatches that could win the war. However, the plane loses fuel and crashes in a marsh. They both survive, but the private suffers from memory loss. As medics arrive, Commander Schultz gives them the dispatches, but is told that the war has just ended and Tomainia lost. Twenty years later, as the amnesiac private is released from the hospital, Adenoid Hynkel , the ruthless dictator of Tomainia, has undertaken to persecute Jews throughout the land, aided by Minister of the Interior Garbitsch  and Minister of War Herring . The symbol of Hynkel\'s fascist regime is the "double cross", and Hynkel himself speaks in a macaronic parody of the German language, "translated" at humorously obvious parts in the speech by an overly concise English-speaking news voice-over.  The Jewish private/barber, unaware of Hynkel\'s rise to power, returns to his barbershop in the Jewish ghetto{{dn}} and is shocked when storm troopers paint "Jew" on the windows of his shop. In his ensuing slapstick scuffle with the stormtroopers, Hannah , a beautiful resident of the ghetto, knocks both Stormtroopers on the head with a frying pan. The barber finds a friend and ultimately a love interest in Hannah. Soon, the barber is attacked again by Stormtroopers, but is saved when Commander Schultz, now a high official in Hynkel\'s government, intervenes. Schultz recognizes the barber, who is reminded of the war by Schultz and therefore regains his memory. Though surprised to find him a Jew, Schultz orders the storm troopers to leave him and Hannah alone. Hynkel relaxes his stance on Tomainian Jewry in an attempt to woo a Jewish financier into giving him a loan to support his regime. Egged on by Garbitsch, Hynkel has become obsessed with the idea of being Emperor of the world, dancing at one point with a large, inflatable globe, to the tune of the Prelude to Act I of Richard Wagner\'s Lohengrin. Against Garbitsch\'s advice to reinforce the violence against Jews, Hynkel plans to invade the neighboring country of Osterlich, and needs the loan to finance the invasion. When the Jewish financier refuses, Hynkel reinstates and intensifies his persecution of the Jews. When Schultz, who is empathetic to the Jews, voices his objection to the pogrom, Hynkel denounces Schultz as a supporter of democracy and a traitor, and orders him placed in a concentration camp. Schultz flees to the ghetto and begins planning to overthrow the Hynkel regime with Hannah, the barber and other residents there. After discussing and then abandoning a proposed suicide mission, Schultz and the barber are captured and condemned to the camp.  Hynkel is initially opposed by Benzino Napaloni , dictator of Bacteria, in his plans to invade Osterlich. Hynkel invites Napaloni to a military show to impress him with a display of military might and psychological warfare, but this ends in disaster. After some friction, a comedic food fight between the two leaders and a deal between the two leaders on which Hynkel immediately reneges, his invasion proceeds. Hannah had emigrated to Osterlich to escape Hynkel, but once again finds herself living under Hynkel\'s regime. Schultz and the barber escape from the camp wearing Tomainian uniforms. Border guards mistake the barber for Hynkel, to whom he is nearly identical in appearance. Conversely, Hynkel, on a duck-hunting trip, falls overboard and is mistaken for the barber and is arrested by his own soldiers. The barber, now assuming Hynkel\'s identity, is taken to the capital of Osterlich to make a victory speech. Garbitsch, in introducing "Hynkel" to the throngs, decries free speech and argues for the subjugation of the Jews. The barber then makes a rousing speech, reversing Hynkel\'s antisemitic policies and declaring that Tomainia and Osterlich will now be a free nation and a democracy. He calls for humanity in general to break free from dictatorships and use science and progress to make the world better instead.wikiquote:Charlie Chaplin Hannah, now an impoverished laborer in a vineyard in Osterlich, hears the barber\'s speech on the radio, and is amazed when "Hynkel" addresses her directly: "Hannah, can you hear me? Wherever you are, look up, Hannah. The clouds are lifting. The sun is breaking through. We are coming out of the darkness into the light. We are coming into a new world, a kindlier world, where men will rise above their hate, their greed and brutality. Look up, Hannah. The soul of man has been given wings, and at last he is beginning to fly. He is flying into the rainbow — into the light of hope, into the future, the glorious future that belongs to you, to me, and to all of us. Look up, Hannah. Look up!" As she rises, an aged man  asks, "Hannah, did you hear that?" The girl silences him with a gesture, saying, "Listen," and turns her face, radiant with joy and hope, toward the sunlight.Eidenmuller, Michael E. "The Great Dictator" ". American Rhetoric. Retrieved April 1, 2012.'] ["The film is about a bitter married couple that consists of Ludvik, a senior official of Prague's ruling Communist regime, and his alcoholic wife Anna. They return home after attending a political party dinner and notice their home has been broken into. Several strange occurrences, including the disappearance of their spare house keys and dead phone lines, lead them to believe that they are under surveillance by their own government. As the night progresses, the flaws of their marriage and of each other are exposed."] ['The story starts in a small [albeit unnamed] town, simply known as "a small world", in the Po lowlands of northern Italy, in the early summer of 1946. The town\'s Communist party led by Peppone has just won the majority of seats within the city council, an event which they exploit for propagandistic purposes - and with some non-vocal, but church bell-assisted protest by the outraged Don Camillo, the spiritual leader of the town\'s Christian political party -, when an unexpected event puts an instant stop to this arising conflict: Peppone has just added a new member, a son, to his family, and following a personal and pugilistic appeal by Peppone himself  to a reluctant Don Camillo, the child is baptized in Camillo\'s church. Similar conflicts arising in the course of the story are settled between Don Camillo and Peppone in a similarly conflicting, but ultimately unified fashion, such as: *the erection of a kindergarten for the town after Don Camillo finds out that Peppone has used money stolen from the fascists during World War II to finance the construction of his new community hall and blackmails him with this knowledge; *a farmhand strike organized by the Communists to impose a special tax on the wealthier landowners in order to give the town\'s people work, resulting in the local cattle herds not getting milked until both Don Camillo and Peppone surreptitiously resolve the problem together; *a river blessing procession and the funeral of the town\'s generally respected old teacher, Ms. Christina, which are both kept strictly non-political despite the Communists\' initial intentions; An important side story within the film is the Romeo and Juliet-esque relationship between a young girl named Gina Filotti, who has just returned to the town from boarding school as the story begins, and a young man named Mariolino Brusco. Gina and Mariolino\'s blossoming relationship, however, is off to a bad start: not only that the families of Gina  and Mariolino  are on ideologically opposite sides, they are also entertaining a long-running private feud. When their cause finds no support with neither Peppone as the mayor, nor with Camillo as a priest, the two lovers decide to commit a double suicide. Fortunately, both opposing parties come to their senses just in time, rescue the two and get the wedding underway; but during the combined wedding and house-warming festivities for the now-finished community hall and kindergarten, Don Camillo takes offense at one of Peppone\'s better throws at an Aunt Sally stall, which results in a public mass brawl. Even though Peppone resents Don Camillo\'s interferences and their after-effects on personal health, he secretly enjoys their amicable quarrels and repeatedly tries his best to persuade the local bishop not to have Camillo replaced. However, with this last misdeed the bishop decides to send Camillo to a different community, and Peppone has threatened Camillo\'s parish not to say farewell to him as he is about to depart. But to his delightful surprise, Don Camillo does receive a touching goodbye from the people of his town - first from his parish at the train station next town, then from Peppone and his party comrades at the very next station afterward. Before Camillo departs for his new destination, Peppone asks him to come back soon and promises that Camillo\'s successor will not last long under his attention.'] ['The plot of the film revolves around Parvez , a Pakistani-born taxi driver and a tolerant, secular Muslim. His life takes an unexpected dark turn when his son Farid converts to fundamentalist Islam, leading to a family breakdown and social conflict. According to Rachel Donadio, a New York Times writer and editor, the film\'s theme is encapsulated in a pivotal scene: One of the most revealing insights into Britain’s recent social history comes early in “My Son the Fanatic,” Hanif Kureishi’s tender and darkly prescient 1997 film. It’s morning in an unnamed city in northern England, and Parvez, a secular Pakistani immigrant taxi driver brilliantly portrayed by Om Puri, watches Farid, his increasingly devout college-age son, sell his electric guitar. “Where is that going?” Parvez asks Farid as the buyer drives off. “You used to love making a terrible noise with these instruments!” Farid, played by Akbar Kurtha, looks at his father with irritation. “You always said there were more important things than ‘Stairway to Heaven,’ ” he says impatiently in his thick northern English accent. “You couldn’t have been more right.”<ref name2&orefbooks&pagewantedslogin NYT Profile]". Retrieved on August24, 2008.'] ['The film begins with Bobby finding a winning lottery ticket, that Mike  insists must be returned to its rightful owner. Mike invites people over to his house to determine the rightful owner by posting an add in the newspaper stating "lost & found winning lottery ticket for 67 million dollars." Naturally many people showed up but the original owner had written something on the back of the ticket giving Mr. Brady a way to tell who was telling the truth. With no one being able to come up with the phrase written, Mr. Brady starts to think of another way, and just as he says he doesn\'t know what to do, a local female news caster walks in, and Mr. Brady sees it as a way to reach more people. Multiple cut scenes ensue showing stations talking about the Bradys trying to find the original owner, while also showing a broadcast talking about the vice president resigning to work for the company Fox, where he\'ll make six times the amount he was making, in the background it shows the actual owner walking to his death by execution -this is implied by the man being in chains, escorted by law enforcement dressed people, and a clergy man speaking to him, while the man shouts, "Wait, I\'m the real owner, I\'m rich, take your hands off me." With not being able to find the original owner Mr. Brady donates the money to "homeless architects and their families", which garners the attention of the president. The president then invites him to a press conference where the president is asked about his dealings with an oil drilling company abusing the environment, the president responds by saying he has never heard of the company, has not dealt with them, nor has he been to the site, where he then states, "This is the truth or I shall resign my presidency." The press then goes on to ask if he has picked a new running mate for the upcoming election, and with the light of ongoing scandals can he find an honest man of high integrity. Carol, Mike Brady\'s wife, shouts out why not Mike, where then the press shouts, "Yeah, why not Mike," and the president says, "Why not Mike Brady." It then cuts to a news station stating that the incumbent president and Mike Brady have won the election -with Mike Brady the vice president- due to boy scouts, disco music lovers, and polyester enthusiasts. The next scene in which the incumbent president and Mike are to be sworn in, a confidential document folder is passed to the incumbent president. The folder contains a picture of the incumbent president at the drilling site, with -what is inferred- the oil company\'s top executives, the president remembering his promise then walks out before being sworn in, thereby making Mike Brady president. Mike Brady then needs to select a new vice president, which he decides it should be his wife. He goes before congress asking for a vote, where the speaker of the house says, "You cannot just call for a vote, the vice president has very real responsibilities and cannot vote unless he sees something to prove she can do it." Carol then breaks out in song along with the rest of the family, convincing congress to vote for her. As Mike Brady is walking to the oval office different departments come to him with negative scores asking for more money or negligible increases asking for money, with which he replies, "Not good enough" including when his youngest daughter asks for him to sign her report card, although approving the congress\'s new budget plan. Veronica, the liaison to the American public pulls the speaker of the house into a separate room, saying, "Can you believe him, he just approved your budget, he\'s not taking any credit, and he\'s of to much integrity, how did he get to the highest office, you should be president." A side plot is Peter breaking a priceless Ming vase, and trying to get out of it by gluing it back together. Peter really wants to go to a camp, but feels if he tells the truth he won\'t be able to go. The vase is used during a diner party with dignitaries across the world, but ends up leaking all over them. Peter\'s siblings come up with the plan of all of them confessing, hoping to fool/confuse Mike Brady into not knowing who actually broke it. Mike thinking about it logically though realized Peter was the only one not to confess thereby showing his own guilt. Mike coming up with the consequence of punishing the other children forcing Peter into a guilt trip to confess his own guilt, ultimately succeeding. Veronica, Greg\'s crush is later to be found as an agent of an elitist organization who\'s mission is seizing power for herself and the speaker of the house. They both devise a plan to ruin the presidents image, and therefore presidency The first plan consisting of Veronica seducing Greg into divulging crude or malevolent information, on Mike or the family, fails, but the youngest daughter does give information regarding a questionable relationship between Mike Brady and a woman from his past; Carol is accused of rebellious behavior from protesting to keep a park; Marcia is accused of being promiscuous because of a fictional erotic encounter with Desi Arnaz Jr. written in her diary; Greg accused of under age smoking because of a cigaret container found in his coat, he had switched with another boy; Peter accused of bribery for getting a better grade after calling his teacher great; Jan accused of cheating for getting a better grade on an essay than she was supposed to; and Alice accused of drugging the food so the Bradys stay happy all the time. Although this plan garners significant news coverage its is by no means to impeach a president, in which they devise a second plan in order to seize power. The second plan is to trick the president into addressing the public that a world ending asteroid is about to hit earth. They succeed by switching a report from NASA regarding data from the Trailblazer 1 space probe -a fictional space probe- with Peter\'s science project about the asteroid that hit earth causing the largest scale extinction on earth. This plan also succeeds and Mike address the public telling them he received a report from NASA that confirms a massive meteor is on an intersect course and will cause global devastation. The Bradys are then transported to a secret bunker underneath the White House that will protect them from the ensuing danger. The Speaker of the House then seizes the opportunity by to take power by calling an official press conference as acting president and saying, "There is no danger, or emergency. The president is incompetent, and couldn\'t tell the difference between a high school science project, and a sophisticated aeronautical diagram." Then asks the public to ask for an impeachment of the president. Meanwhile the Bradys find out from the Cindy -the youngest daughter- that she overheard the Speaker of the House and Veronica taking about their plan while underneath a table in the room Veronica pulled the Speaker of the House into. Mike realizes what happened and breaks out of the vault just as the Speaker of the House is encouraging the public to call for vote. Mike then asks Cindy to tell the press what she heard the Speaker of the House say, to which she somehow tells the story of her seeing the Speaker of the House switching the homework and the report. Mike then address the public saying they deserve to know the truth, and goes on to start telling the story of the lottery ticket and how he got to be president.'] 