['Frank Jones  is a retired British naval officer and Korean War veteran, who is now a businessman. His bright but naive and idealistic son, Robert , works as a linguist at GCHQ a top secret British intelligence agency, using his love of Russian to listen to various pieces of communication on the other side of the Iron Curtain. The film opens on Remembrance Day in Whitehall, as the war veterans line up to walk past the Cenotaph, then moves back to a conversation between Jones and his son at Robert\'s flat some months earlier, where Robert tells Jones that strange things are happening at GCHQ, and he\'s planning on leaving and marrying an older woman called Cynthia  he\'s fallen in love with. Robert says a Soviet mole was found, and that security is all over the place encouraging people to rat on each other. The higher ups seem convinced that if they don\'t do something, their American friends in the CIA will stop working with them. Frank isn\'t thrilled over the marriage plans, and he tells his son before he leaves that it\'s unlikely anything off key can be happening in the agency. It\'s obvious that Jones loves his son deeply and wants him to be happy, whatever he may choose for himself. The scene cuts to a room in British Intelligence, where operatives including Bruce ([[Gordon Jackson  are listening to a tape recording of the conversation between Jones and his son. A few days later, police report to Jones that Robert has died in a fall in an apparent suicide, and propose a verdict of accidental death is recorded. However, in the midst of his grief, Jones is puzzled by the circumstances of his son\'s death and decides to use his old skills to conduct his own investigation, and approaches his friend Charles Greig ([[Barry Foster , who had joined MI6 after his service in the navy. Greig agrees to make discreet enquiries on his part. Returning to Robert\'s flat, Jones is confronted by radical socialist journalist Bill Pickett  who had arranged to meet Robert to discuss the problems at British Intelligence, but Jones rejects his investigative approaches. Jones is also told that he is in the running for a large government contract for his firm, with an implicit undertone that he not make waves about his son\'s death. The rest of the movie digs into an examination of the British establishment which is disturbing and ugly, and make Jones question his view of the country he loves. There are strong echoes of the Antony Blunt case and the Cambridge spies. Jones, discreetly pursued by British Intelligence, finds men who easily consider others expendable if their ideas of class and privilege are endangered. After Pickett is also killed in mysterious circumstances in a traffic accident, having found out the name of the man who Robert wished him to meet and before meeting Jones. Jones is then approached by Robert\'s best friend and fellow British intelligence linguist Allen Goodburn  at Robert\'s funeral. Jones gets from Goodburn that it was his good friend Grieg who had approached him as to Robert\'s feelings for the service. Jones gets Grieg drunk and gets him to confess that he was at Robert\'s flat the night Robert died. Grirg admits he was there as the service had something on him, but that his job was only to leave the door open and let "others" heavy hand Robert, not kill him. Leaving Grieg in his drunken stupor, Jones is picked up by British Intelligence and driven to a country house, where he is confronted by Secretary to the Cabinet  and Lord . They explain to him that his son was out of control, and was killed as part of a plan to mislead the Americans to the extent of the depth of Russian intelligence\'s operatives inside British operations, in the hope that they could continue to gain intelligence from the CIA. They have presently left the higher Russian operative in place, until they can assess the extent of the damage caused. They advise Jones that should he go public with any of this information, he and/or Robert\'s girlfriend Cynthia and her daughter will be killed or at least restrained. As a door to a further dining room opens, Jones notices Sir Adrian Chapple  and concludes him to be the higher level Russian operative. The film returns to the present, and Remembrance Day parade. Jones confronts Chapple at his home in Whitehall, and gets him to confess to being a spy for Russia. Jones asks Chapple to sign a full confession, which he does, but on approaching the desk where Chapple writes, Chapple points a gun at Jones. Jones turns the gun on Chapple, which goes off and kills Chapple—leaving his signed confession to act as a suicide note, and leave Jones in the clear. Jones returns to the Remembrance Day parade. The closing credits roll to an ambulance attending the death of Chapple, as Caine walks past the Cenotaph up Whitehall.'] [' The editor of the New York Globe ([[Harry Davenport  is concerned about the "crisis" in Europe, the growing power of Adolf Hitler and Nazi Germany, and the inability of celebrated foreign correspondents in getting answers about whether or not war will ensue. After searching for a good, tough crime reporter for a fresh viewpoint, he appoints Johnny Jones  as a foreign correspondent, under the pen name "Huntley Haverstock". The reporter\'s first assignment is Stephen Fisher , leader of the Universal Peace Party, at an event held by Fisher in honour of a Dutch diplomat named Van Meer . On the way to the party, Haverstock sees Van Meer entering the car which is to take him to the party, and runs to interview him; Van Meer invites him to ride along. At the party, Haverstock meets Fisher\'s daughter, Carol . Van Meer disappears mysteriously. Later, Fisher informs the guests that Van Meer, who was supposed to be the guest of honor, will not be attending the party; instead he will be at a political conference in Amsterdam. At the conference, Van Meer is shot in front of a large crowd by a man disguised as a photographer. Haverstock commandeers a car to follow the assassin\'s getaway car. The car he jumps into happens to have in it Carol and Scott ffolliott , another reporter, who explains that the capital letter in his surname was dropped in memory of an executed ancestor. The group follows the assassin to a windmill in the countryside. While Carol and ffolliott go for help, Haverstock searches the windmill and finds a live Van Meer&nbsp;– the man who was killed was an impostor. The old man is drugged and unable to tell him anything. Haverstock is forced to flee when the kidnappers become aware of him. By the time the police arrive, the villains have escaped with Van Meer in an airplane. Later, back at Haverstock\'s hotel room, two spies dressed as policemen arrive to kidnap him. When he suspects who they really are, he escapes out the window and into Carol Fisher\'s room. Haverstock and Carol board a British boat to England, and while a furious storm thunders overhead, he proposes to her. In England, the two go to Carol\'s father\'s house, where Haverstock sees a man whom he recognizes as one of the men at the windmill. He informs Fisher, but Fisher ignores him, saying that he will send a bodyguard to protect him. However, the bodyguard Rowley  repeatedly tries to kill Haverstock instead. When the assassin tries to push him off the top of the Westminster Cathedral tower, Haverstock steps aside just in time and Rowley plunges to his death instead.  Haverstock and ffolliott are convinced that Fisher is a traitor, so the two come up with a plan, with Haverstock taking Carol to the countryside, while ffolliott pretends she has been kidnapped to force Fisher to divulge Van Meer\'s location. However, Haverstock and Carol argue, and she returns to London. Just as Fisher is about to fall for ffolliott\'s bluff, he hears her car pull up. Ffolliott follows Fisher to a hotel where Van Meer is being held. Just as Van Meer is being forced to divulge the information the organization wants, ffolliott distracts the interrogators. When Haverstock arrives, Fisher and his bodyguards escape, leaving Van Meer behind. Van Meer is rushed to the hospital in a coma. In the meantime, England and France have declared war on Germany. Then, while the group are on a Short Empire plane to America, Fisher confesses his deeds to his daughter. Despite this, Carol blames Haverstock for not really loving her and only wanting to pursue her father. He protests that he was just doing his job as a reporter. Seconds later, the plane is shelled by a German destroyer and crashes into the ocean. The survivors perch on the floating wing of the downed plane. Realizing that it cannot support everyone, including his daughter, Fisher sacrifices himself by allowing himself to drown. Jones and ffolliott attempt to save him, but are unsuccessful. Shortly after, they are picked up by an American ship, the Mohican, from which, over the phone and over the objections of the captain who is concerned to maintain American neutrality, they relate their whole story. Later, back in London, Jones and Carol do a radio broadcast to the US, while London is being bombed, warning them about what Germany is doing.'] ['The plot involves a Rashōmon-like investigation into the life of a man who has been found dead after having been hurled from a train. As security agents, police and a medical examiner piece together his identity, three accounts emerge: one set during World War II, one in the immediate aftermath of the war, and one in contemporary Poland. In each account, the victim seems to have been a mysterious, ambiguous presence, of shifting loyalties and suspicious connections, who set himself against the powers that be. Critics attacked the film for its depiction of a world rife with secret agents and hidden enemies—a favorite Stalinist theme— while the film seems, rather, to demonstrate how heroism and villainy are often matters of point-of-view and timing.'] ['The Nobel Prize in Literature has been awarded to Andrew Craig , who seems to be more interested in women and drinking than writing. When he arrives in Stockholm for the award ceremony, he is delighted to find that the Swedish Foreign Department has sent the beautiful Inger Lisa Andersson  as his personal chaperone. When Craig arrives at his hotel, he is introduced to another laureate, Dr. Max Stratman , a famous German-American physicist, who is accompanied by his niece Emily . When Craig meets Stratman for the second time, at a press conference, Stratman acts as if they had never met before and also displays a change in personality, despising photographs and being less talkative. Craig then, with no time to further talk to Dr. Stratman, has to give his interview, and in short succession admits to suffering from writer\'s block for years, having not even started his highly anticipated next novel, Return to Carthage, and having written pulp detective stories to pay the rent. He even suggests that he may have lost his talent. Asked for an example of developing a detective story, he suggests the possibility that Stratman may be an impostor. The Nobel laureates for chemistry, Dr. Denise Marceau  and Dr. Claude Marceau , as well as his "private" secretary, Monique Souvir  are also staying at the hotel. So are Dr. Carlo Farelli  and Dr. John Garrett ([[Kevin McCarthy , the laureates for medicine. As events progress toward the prize ceremony, Craig realizes that his offhand suggestion that Stratman is an impostor is actually the truth, and pursues the case. Unfortunately, his adversaries are able to stay one move ahead of him and cover their tracks, and due to Craig\'s reputation of heavy drinking and fiction writing, nobody believes him.'] ["Seven years after the events of Henry Fool, Fay Grim  is coerced by a CIA agent  to try to locate 'the confession novel' notebooks that belonged to her fugitive husband  whom he believes to be deceased. Fay is launched into a world of espionage as she travels to Paris to retrieve some of the journals, each having mysteriously appeared in the hands of the most unlikely of people. Simon Grim, Fay's brother and nobel-prize winning poet because of Henry, remains home with his sister's son, the CIA and his publisher. Even in death it seems Henry is a force of nature causing life changing ructions in the lives of those he has touched. Fay is surrounded by competing agents all vying for her help in retrieving notebooks as she and Simon start getting clues to what the publishable nonsense of The Confession is really all about and why the CIA believe they contain information that could compromise U.S. security. A former air-hostess befriends Fay and reveals she was similarly touched by Henry 's chaotic influence and aid her in her efforts. Fay's whirlwind culminates in a meeting with a notorious terrorist and friend of Henry in a tense meeting where she has to make the biggest decision of her life."] ['The Terrorist focuses on a young 19 year old women named Malli, who joined a terrorist organization at a very young age after her brother was killed in the cause. She eventually volunteers herself to become a suicide bomber in an assassination mission. As the plot moves forward, she discovers the importance of human life, after realizing she is pregnant. This causes Malli to question her determination to complete the mission.'] ['After escaping from a military prison, rogue Air Force general Lawrence Dell  and accomplices Powell and Garvas infiltrate an ICBM complex and gain launch control over its nine nuclear missiles. They then make direct contact with the US government  and demand both ten million dollars ransom and, more importantly, that the President  go on national television and make public the contents of a top-secret document. The document, which is unknown to the current president but not to certain members of his cabinet, contains conclusive proof that the US government knew there was no realistic hope of winning the Vietnam War but continued fighting it for the sole purpose of demonstrating to the Soviet Union their unwavering commitment to defeating communism. While the President and his Cabinet debate the practical, personal, and ethical aspects of agreeing to these demands, they also authorize the military to send an elite team led by General MacKenzie  to penetrate the ICBM complex and incinerate its command center with a low-yield tactical nuclear device. When this attempt is discovered, the hostage-takers respond by initiating a missile launch. As the military and President Stevens watch the underground missile silo launch covers begin to open, they agree to call off the attempt and the launch is aborted. Eventually the President agrees to meet the demands, which include allowing himself to be taken hostage and used as a human shield while Dell and his team make their escape from the complex. As the president leaves the White House he asks the Secretary of Defense to release the document should he be killed in the process. US Air Force snipers kill the general but also shoot the President, who with his dying breath asks the Secretary of Defense if he will release the document. The Secretary can not bring himself to answer.'] ['Emily Crane is fired after refusing to give names to a 1951 House Un-American Activities Committee, and takes a part-time job as companion to an old lady. One day her attention is drawn to a noisy argument being conducted largely in German in a neighbouring house, the more so since one of those involved is her main senator prosecutor. Starting to look into things, she gradually enlists the help of FBI officer Cochran who was initially detailed to check her out.'] ['The film is set in the early 1950s. The British Prime Minister, ([[Ronald Adam , is sent a letter by Professor Willingdon ([[Barry Jones , who works at Britain\'s Atomic weapons development facility, the Wallingford Research Centre, from which he has surreptitiously taken a nuclear warhead. It is a very explicit threat that Willingdon will destroy the centre of London in a week\'s time, at noon , unless the British government declares that it is to stop all stockpiling of nuclear warheads. Detective Superintendent Folland  of Scotland Yard\'s Special Branch is charged with tracking down Willingdon and stopping him. Arriving at the  Wallingford Research Centre , Folland\'s team find Willingdon missing, along with a nuclear bomb. Willingdon\'s assistant Lane  is recruited to help and they return to London to search for him. Willingdon, carrying his bomb in a Gladstone bag, finds lodgings with Mrs. Peckitt , but spooks her with his constant pacing around his room during the night. The following morning, he leaves early and seeing a \'wanted\' poster with his face, disguises himself with a new coat and having his moustache shaved off. Folland\'s team plan for the worst and get Cabinet approval to evacuate London. Rumours begin to fly that another war is about to be declared, and the Prime Minister agrees to do a radio broadcast to try to quash these, and appeal to Willingdon to give himself up. The next day, Willingdon\'s daughter, Ann , turns up at Folland\'s office to demand some answers. Folland tells her all and asks her to stay and help - she may be the only person the professor will listen to. Mrs. Peckitt reports Willingdon to the police, thinking that he is a \'landlady murderer\' reported in the paper, but a quick-thinking constable realises the description better matches Willingdon and a car is sent to check him. Unfortunately, Willingdon spots it on his way back to his lodgings and makes a quiet get-away. Driving back to their hotel from the police operations centre, Lane and Ann Willingdon spot the professor and try to catch him. An updated description is quickly circulated. That evening Willingdon bumps into \'Mrs\' "Goldie" Phillips , she offers that he can buy her a drink, the two of them having met, by chance, earlier at a pawn brokers. Without any lodgings, Goldie offers him her \'spare\' bed for the night. By this time, London is being evacuated and Willingdon decides to lie low. The troops have begun to search and Goldie\'s bedsit seems a good place to remain hidden. Willingdon is forced to hold Goldie hostage, fearing that if he didn\'t, she would inform the authorities of his location. The streets cleared, Willingdon makes his escape and finds his final refuge, a bomb blitzed church. The net steadily closes and Willingdon is finally found, praying. Lane, Ann and Folland arrive to try to talk the professor away from his bag. He panics, runs from the church, and is killed by an even more panicking soldier. With seconds to spare, Lane has the bomb defused.'] ['NASA is about to launch a rocket to put a man on the moon and corrupt high-ranking military officials, plot to assassinate the president over budget cuts.'] ['{{Plot}}  The film begins with a depiction of the events of the 1972 Munich Olympics. After the killings, the Israeli government devises an eye for an eye retaliation; and a target list of 11 names is drawn up. Avner Kaufman , an Israeli-born Mossad agent of German-Jewish descent, is chosen to lead the assassination squad and is given the assignment over tea at the home of Prime Minister of Israel Golda Meir. To give the Israeli government plausible deniability and, at the direction of his handler Ephraim , Avner resigns from Mossad; and the squad operates with no official ties to Israel. Avner is given a team of four Jewish men: Steve , a South African driver; Hans , a document forger; Robert , a Belgian toy-maker trained in defusing explosives; and Carl , a former Israeli soldier who "cleans up" after the assassinations. Avner and his team set about tracking down the 11 targets with the help of a shadowy French informant, Louis . In Rome, the group tracks down their first target, Abdel Wael Zwaiter, who is broke and living as a poet. The group follows him to his apartment building, and Avner and Robert shoot him dead. In Paris, Robert pretends to be a journalist interviewing their second target, Mahmoud Hamshari, about the Munich massacre. He plants a bomb in Hamshari\'s phone that is set to be detonated by a remote key. Carl is to dial Hamshari\'s number from a public telephone booth after Hamshari\'s wife and daughter have left. However, while a large truck obscures their view, the daughter runs back inside to retrieve something. Carl calls the number, and the girl picks up; but Avner aborts the mission before Robert, who cannot see what is going on, triggers the explosion. When the girl leaves, Carl telephones the number, asks the man who answers if he\'s Hamshari; and, upon affirmation of name, Robert detonates the bomb. In Cyprus, the team kills the next target, Hussein Al Bashir , by planting a bomb in his hotel room beneath his bed. Avner gets a room next to Al Bashir and turns off his bedroom light, the signal to proceed. When Robert detonates the bomb, the explosives almost kill Avner and injures a newlywed couple next door. The group meet later aboard a boat in the Cyprus harbour to discuss the errors in the mission. Robert insists that the explosives he used were far more powerful than what he expected. It is revealed at this juncture that Louis provided the explosives and that he is also helping with the logistics of the hits through Avner. Avner then meets with Louis in Paris and he gives the team information on three Palestinians in Beirut: Muhammad Youssef al-Najjar ; Kamal Adwan; and Kamal Nasser, a Palestine Liberation Organization  spokesman. Ephraim refuses to let them handle the mission themselves. Avner insists that he will lose Louis\' trust if the operation is carried out by the Israel Defense Forces . Ephraim relents, allowing the team to accompany the IDF commandos. In Beirut, Steve, Robert, and Avner meet up with a group of Sayeret Matkal IDF soldiers. They penetrate the Palestinians\' guarded compound and kill all three. In Athens, Louis has provided the team with an apartment. During the night, four PLO members, who have rented the same apartment as a safe house, enter the dwelling. After a tense confrontation with guns drawn, Robert defuses the situation by claiming that his squad are members of the Basque separatist Euskadi Ta Askatasuna , Red Army Faction , and the African National Congress . Avner discusses Middle East politics with the group\'s leader. Avner\'s group carries out their next assassination, that of Zaiad Muchasi, by installing a remote-controlled bomb in Muchasi\'s TV set. However, the bomb does not detonate. Hans walks into the hotel, forces his way and throws a grenade that sets off the bomb, killing Muchasi. The squad exchanges gunfire with Muchasi\'s bodyguards. In the chaos, they are forced to take the hotel manager hostage; and Robert reveals that he doesn\'t actually build bombs, but just defuses them. Louis provides the squad with information on Ali Hassan Salameh, the organizer of the Munich Massacre. Avner learns from Louis that the CIA have a deal with Salameh wherein they protect and fund him in exchange for his promise not to attack US diplomats. The squad moves to London to track down Salameh, but they are not able to accomplish the assassination when Avner is suddenly approached by several drunken Americans. It is implied the said Americans are actually CIA agents. Avner is propositioned by a woman  in the hotel but declines. Afterward, Carl is killed by the same woman, who Avner learns is an independent Dutch contract killer. Robert questions the morality of the entire mission; Avner listens to him and asks him to take a break. The remaining squad tracks the Dutch assassin to the Netherlands and kills her without a glitch. Afterwards Avner, Steve and Hans discuss the futility of the mission. Later, Hans is found stabbed to death and left on a park bench while Robert is killed in an explosion in his workshop. Avner and Steve finally locate Salameh in Spain; however, their assassination attempt is thwarted by Salameh\'s guards. A disillusioned Avner flies to Israel and then to his new home in New York City to reunite with his wife and their child. In a fit of paranoia, he storms into the Israeli consulate and screams at an employee whom he believes to be a Mossad agent to leave him and his family alone. Ephraim comes to New York to urge Avner to rejoin Mossad. In the final scene, Avner openly questions the basis and effectiveness of the operation, and Ephraim admits that there was no evidence linking any of the targets to the Munich massacre. In a show of respect, Avner asks Ephraim to break bread with him, but because he has refused to return to Israel, Ephraim rejects him and leaves. Avner leaves as well. During the last scene, the camera pans across the New York City skyline and stops with the Twin Towers in the center of the scene. A postscript notes that 9 of the 11 men targeted by Mossad were eventually assassinated, including Salameh in 1979.'] ['The film tells the true story of the abduction of the American ambassador Charles Burke Elbrick in 1969 by the MR-8 group, in which Gabeira and his friends participated.'] ["Roger Moore is Gary Fenn, a talent scout for a London modeling agency who finds the perfect target and calculates the events which mean that only one girl will be good enough for his bosses, a Hungarian Marla Kugash . He finds her among the anti-war movement in the bohemian depths of swinging London. She is in the company of a young man, Tarquin, who is extremely protective of her and overtly aggressive to Fenn. The young Hungarian, an illegal refugee from her native homeland, accompanies Fenn to a photoshoot. However she admits she is in fear of her life, and seems disturbed by the presence of her aunt. When she is nearly killed, the girl drops out of sight and Fenn has to go on the run himself, suspected of a separate murder. He locates her to a country house, which turns out to be the home of Tarquin, an aristocrat in spite of his anti-war sentiments. It is revealed that Marla's aunt is part of a shadowy organisation trying to destabilise the existing world order so they can take over themselves. They will go to any length to try and shut Fenn and Marla up, including sending a helicopter after them. Fenn and his friend manage to escape to London, where they realise that the shadowy movement are planning to assassinate a visiting African head of state in Hyde Park. They manage to foil the plot."] ['Adrian LeDuc  is the owner of a revival house in Buenos Aires. Adrian is emotionally repressed, prone to suspicion and paranoia, devoted to old movies and to his mother, who resides in a nursing home, suffering from dementia. Adrian visits her frequently, holding conversations which as her illness progresses become increasingly one-sided. Adrian is a tenant in a rundown apartment building; he lives in apartment 10, although the 1 is missing from his door . Apart from his mother, the core of his emotional life is movies--specifically classic American movies and stars. Apartment Zero opens with a shot of Adrian in his theater, watching the final scene of Touch of Evil. As his theater, Cine York, loses more and more money, Adrian advertises for a roommate to share his apartment. After several unsatisfactory applicants he meets the handsome, charming, and macho American Jack Carney . Adrian is clearly attracted to Jack and Jack is clearly aware of it. Jack agrees to take the room. They quickly settle into a domestic routine, with Adrian taking over laundry and cooking duties for Jack and Jack joining Adrian for films at his cinema. They also begin to bond emotionally. In contrast to Adrian\'s standoffishness, Jack establishes relationships with several of the neighbors, a rather odd bunch. Adrian, upset and jealous, lashes out at Jack, telling him that the neighbors aren\'t to be trusted. Despite Adrian\'s jealousy Jack continues to socialize with several of them, including becoming sexually involved with a female neighbor . Claudia, the ticket seller at Adrian\'s cinema, is involved with a political committee that\'s investigating a series of murders that bear a striking resemblance to those committed by members of death squads that operated in Argentina dating back to the 1970s. Adrian learns that Jack has been lying about being employed with a local computer company and becomes paranoid that Jack is spying on him but at the same time terrified that Jack will leave him. He searches Jack\'s room and finds a number of photographs of Jack in paramilitary garb. When Jack returns, a highly agitated Adrian begs him, "If that\'s a mask, either take it off now or leave it on forever." Jack calms him but his own suspicions are aroused when he realizes that Adrian\'s been in his room. Despite being himself apolitical, Adrian allows Claudia\'s committee to use his theatre to view footage of death squad members. Adrian watches some of it and is horrified to see the same sign in the film as appeared in some of the photos of Jack he\'d found earlier. Jack, realizing that Adrian is growing more suspicious, falsifies Adrian\'s passport and prepares to leave Argentina. Unfortunately for him, the passport is expired and he can\'t leave. Jack picks up a gay man at the airport and goes to a hotel with him, where he murders him for his passport--but then makes a hash of trying to paste his own photos into the dead man\'s passport. Meanwhile, Adrian is devastated by the death of his mother. Claudia spots Jack in a death squad photo. He\'s identified as "Michael Weller" and listed as dead, but was identified only by his papers and a ring. Adrian gets drunk and creates a disturbance in his apartment, concerning his neighbors. The following morning a television report of the murder of a young man ironically leads the neighbors to think that Adrian has done something to Jack. That evening, the neighbors confront Adrian, forcing their way into his apartment and physically attacking him. Jack--unsuccessful in solving his passport problem--returns just then and soothes and tends to the badly injured Adrian. As Adrian attends his mother\'s funeral, Claudia comes to the apartment and recognizes Jack. Adrian returns to find Claudia dead at Jack\'s hands. Jack tries to charm him, telling him "let me clean up and I\'ll put the mask back on, OK?" A clearly unhinged Adrian, as terrified of losing Jack as he is horrified by the murder, helps Jack dispose of the body. On the way out they run into one of the neighbors and Jack says he\'s leaving for California in the morning. After they dump the body, Adrian suggests they really go to California together and Jack enthusiastically agrees. Back at the apartment Adrian changes his mind and goes for Jack\'s gun in the living room. Jack comes out of his room and Adrian runs back toward his. Jack realizes what\'s happening and they both go for the gun. Jack gets the upper hand and begins strangling Adrian, but can\'t go through with it and lets him up. Adrian again goes for the gun and he and Jack struggle again. With the gun pointed at him and with Adrian\'s finger on the trigger, Jack says "Do it" and the gun goes off. Some days after, Adrian is having dinner when a neighbor comes to the door seeking Jack\'s address in California. Adrian says he hasn\'t heard from him and shuts the door. He returns to the table and pours two glasses of wine, one for himself and one for Jack\'s corpse, which he has kept and sat at the table. The final scene shows Adrian\'s cinema, with a fairly large crowd--all men--pouring out--apparently the lean days are over. That\'s because the cinema is now a porn theater. And we see Adrian, who has never throughout the film gone out in public without a suit and tie , leaving the building wearing a tee-shirt and Jack\'s black leather jacket, smoking a cigarette--all just as Jack used to do.'] ["Jake Cassevetes  is a world renowned cameraman who has just arrived back from being embedded during the U.S. invasion of Iraq. Jake does not buy into the theory of a corporate-controlled press. Though, after having much of his best footage in Iraq censored by the network, Jake is growing disillusioned with his corporate masters. During this Jake befriends a young boy , and in time meets his mother, Tina Santiago , a pretty young widow whose husband died while serving in Iraq, who he comes to form a close bond. Jake then gets an assignment to shoot on the streets of the Republican National Convention protests, there he meets Seven, one of the young leaders of a masked anarchist Black Bloc. Jake quickly wins the trust of the group and is allowed to shadow them as they move through the demonstration. Later that night, after shooting Seven with her mask down describing the Bloc's militant objectives, the videotape is returned to the network with the rest of his footage by Jake's Girlfriend and co-worker Chloe , without Jake's permission. When he goes to retrieve the tape, he is told the network made a deal with the Department of Homeland Security to review all footage to look for potential terror suspects. Which is in fact being used to compile a database of activists. Realizing the danger he has brought to Seven and the Black Bloc itself, Jake decides to use his skills and access at the network to jam the government controlled corporate media and broadcast the truth of the protests and the message of a new generation of activists."] ['Gene Hackman stars as Johnny Gallagher, a Master Sergeant in the United States Army who is assigned to escort a prisoner named Thomas Boyette  back to the United States. When Boyette escapes, Gallagher pursues him and discovers that Boyette is actually a professional assassin hired to kill the leader of the Soviet Union after a meeting in Chicago with the president of the United States. Gallagher is joined by his ex-wife Eileen, a lieutenant colonel in the US Army  and Chicago police Lt. Milan Delich .'] ['Junior Senator Maggie Davidson  faces a personal crisis. She creates a false terrorist plot to cover up her problem.'] ["Alex Holbeck  is recruited as a CIA agent. He is sent to East Berlin on a mission to steal an Enigma code scrambler. This is part of an attempt to stop the Russian assassination of five Soviet dissidents which is planned for Christmas Day. What Alex doesn't know is that the CIA already has a code scrambler. By stealing the scrambler in Berlin, they are trying to convince the Russians that they don't have it. On arrival in Berlin, Alex finds that the KGB knows he is there. Alex must use numerous disguises and escape from a number of capture attempts. He seeks shelter with his former lover, Karen  before moving on as this is too dangerous for her. Karen and a number of Alex's other old friends are taken and assaulted by the police in an attempt to gain information about Alex's whereabouts. As he gets more desperate, Alex enlists Karen's help again: she seduces Dimitri Vasilikov , the KGB man in charge of the hunt for Alex, in order to obtain information. In the end Dimitri catches Alex and Karen and finds the scrambler hidden in an exhibition artifact. As he is in love with Karen, he lets them go, however, keeping the scrambler which was in fact not needed. On Christmas Day the assassination attempt is successfully thwarted."] ["A retired secret service agent, Captain Matt Hunter Michael Dudikoff, takes on a sinister right-wing political organization called the Pentangle. He comes to the aid of his best friend Larry Richards Steve James, an African-American politician who has become a target for the Pentangle's henchmen. Impressed by Dudikoff's martial arts skills, the Pentangle leaders try to persuade him to join their cause and to kidnap his sister Sarah  to make sure he cooperates. Hunter takes on the Pentangle one man at a time. The film concludes with the possibility of a sequel."] ['The film is based on the massacre at Gwangju on May 18. It occurred when President Chun Doo-hwan tried to eliminate any rebels by using military force. Min Woo leads a relatively peaceful life with his younger brother Jin Woo—until the day the soldiers go on the rampage against the citizens. The citizens form a militia determined to protect their loved ones, and Min-woo finds himself in the middle of it all.'] ["The film opens with Costa-Gavras' statement that the events of the film are true. Set largely during the days and weeks following Horman's disappearance, the film depicts his father and wife searching to determine his fate. The film is based on a book that was first published under the title The Execution of Charles Horman: An American Sacrifice  by Thomas Hauser ."] ["Following a crash of a nuclear bomber at an American Air Force base in the English countryside, Dennis Markham , a prominent Member of Parliament and opponent of the American nuclear presence in the United Kingdom, is reported by a London paper to have been seen leaving a woman's home. When the woman is found to also be familiar with a dignitary from East Germany, his loyalty to his country is questioned, he is hounded by the media and is forced to resign. The author of the newspaper exposé, Nick Mullen , continues his work with colleague Vernon Bayliss  who suspects that Markham is being framed for his views. When Vernon dies from a mysterious 'heart attack', Mullen suspects something deeper at work and finds evidence of a complex cover up concerning a near nuclear accident and a secret US Air Force base. With the help of Markham's secretary, Nina Beckman , Mullen continues to investigate the affair despite the best attempts of the British Government to stop him."] ['The film shows the difficulties of an honest, imperiled judge and his bodyguard of four men, trying to clean up a Sicilian town. Corrupt local politicians, working hand-in-hand with the Mafia, will stop at nothing to prevent exposure of their rackets.<ref namehttp://movies.nytimes.com/movie/review?resLa Scorta  |accessdateNY Times}}'] ['In 1967, the Shah of Iran, Mohammed Reza Pahlavi, visits West Berlin to attend a performance at the Deutsche Oper. Angered at the Shah\'s repressive policies in governing Iran, a number of young Germans show up to protest his appearance. The German police and the Shah\'s forces attack the German protesters and one of them, Benno Ohnesorg, is shot and killed without provocation by Karl-Heinz Kurras. The Ohnesorg murder outrages many Germans, including left wing journalist Ulrike Meinhof, who had earlier written articles critical of the Shah. Inspired by Meinhof\'s outspoken criticism of the government, Gudrun Ensslin leaves her common law husband and child. Together with her new lover, Andreas Baader, and two others she carries out a fire bombing of a department store in Frankfurt am Main. The group is caught and put on trial where they are represented by attorney Horst Mahler, who shares their political beliefs. Ulrike Meinhof covers the trial and is impressed by the group\'s dedication to revolutionary principles as well as the change which they have brought about within their own lives. Meinhof secures an interview with Ensslin in prison, where the two strike up a friendship. Meinhof discovers her husband having an affair and leaves with her two children to live with her friend Peter Homann. Meanwhile, Ensslin and Baader have been released pending an appeal and continue to live a bohemian lifestyle while attracting the loyalty of various young people including Astrid Proll, and Peter-Jurgen Boock. After spending some time abroad, Baader, Ensslin and Proll return to Germany at the urging of Horst Mahler. They begin to live with Ulrike Meinhof, who has also taken in a young runaway, Peggy Schoenau. Meinhof has become increasingly disillusioned by her inability to achieve change through her journalism and is looking to take more direct action. Her chance comes when Baader is arrested at a traffic stop. Using her journalism connections, Meinhof is able to arrange for Baader to be interviewed off prison grounds, where Ensslin and the others manage to rescue him. Wanted by the law, the group flees Germany. After leaving Meinhof\'s children with sympathizers in Sicily, the group travels to Jordan where they are to receive training in a Fatah training camp, but the rebellious nature of the Germans soon annoys their Palestinian hosts. Homann leaves the group after a falling out and learns that they intend to send Meinhof\'s children to a Palestinian camp from which they will never return. Instead he informs Meinhof\'s associate Stefan Aust who returns the children to their father. Returning to Germany, the group, now styling itself the Red Army Faction, engages in a series of bank robberies and draws increasing attention from the police. One of their number, Petra Schelm, runs a police roadblock and is killed in a shoot-out with the police. This action only angers the RAF and leads to a campaign of bomb attacks directed at German authorities as well as American military personnel based in West Germany. As their notoriety grows and police attention intensifies, more and more members of the group are captured. Baader and Holger Meins are captured after a shoot out with police. Ensslin becomes increasingly paranoid and is captured trying to change her clothes in a store after a clerk notices her gun. Meinhof is soon captured as well, meaning that virtually all of the "first generation" of RAF members are now in prison. Initially put in solitary confinement in separate prisons, the RAF members engage in a hunger strike which ultimately results in Holger Meins\' death. The RAF consider this to be murder since the prison authorities withheld medical treatment from the critically ill Meins. The authorities then move Baader, Ensslin, Meinhof, and Jan-Carl Raspe to the same quarters in Stammheim Prison. There, they work on their case as their physical and mental state deteriorates. In 1975, a group of "second generation" RAF members seizes control of the West German embassy in Sweden. The siege ends with a series of explosions, which kills several of the RAF members and injures the hostages. RAF member Siegfried Hausner survives the blast but is critically wounded. Against medical advice he is flown back to Germany to be treated in a prison hospital, where he dies. The imprisoned RAF members are appalled by the poor execution of the Sweden operation and this contributes to their internal dissension. In particular, Ulrike Meinhof has fallen out with the other members over both her increasing depression and recriminations about the group\'s tactics, in particular the 1972 bombing of the Axel Springer AG publishing company, which injured mostly workers and, Ensslin feels, alienated them from common Germans. Eventually, her increasing depression leads Meinhof to commit suicide by hanging herself in her cell. The RAF disbelieve that this was actually a suicide and assert that it was an extrajudicial execution. After Meinhof\'s death, Baader, Ensslin, and Raspe are able to get other members of their group transferred into their wing. Of particular concern to the authorities is Brigitte Mohnhaupt, whose prison term will be ending shortly and who the authorities suspect will be used to carry orders to free RAF members. Upon her release, Mohnhaupt hooks up with a group run by Peter-Jurgen Boock. Mohnhaupt informs Boock that the leadership has forbidden any more attacks on civilians and also enlists Boock\'s help to smuggle weapons into Stammheim, implying that the imprisoned members may choose to commit suicide, a fact that she wants kept hidden from the other RAF members. In retaliation for what they regard as the murders of Meins, Hausner, and Meinhof, they assassinate federal prosecutor Siegfried Buback. Mohnhaupt, along with Christian Klar and Susanne Albrecht, also attempt to kidnap Jurgen Ponto, the president of Dresdner Bank and a family friend of Albrecht\'s, at his home, but when Ponto fights back he is shot and killed. Albrecht is horrified by the murder but is forced to sign a statement justifying Ponto\'s death. In response to the murders of Buback and Ponto, the authorities force the imprisoned RAF members back into solitary confinement. The imprisoned members send a message to their free comrades that they fear they may be murdered by their jailers. Boock and Mohnhaupt\'s group then kidnaps industrialist Hanns-Martin Schleyer, killing four members of his security detail in the process. They demand the release of the imprisoned RAF members in exchange for Schleyer. When the German authorities are slow in meeting their demands they enlist the PLO to hijack Lufthansa Flight 181. The hijacking ends with the hostages rescued and the hijackers captured. Despairing of ever being released, Baader and Raspe shoot themselves with guns which have been smuggled into the prison, Ensslin hangs herself in her cell, and Irmgard Moller tries to take her own life by stabbing herself four times in the chest. Horrified by the suicides, the free RAF members execute Schleyer.'] ["Veteran photojournalist Richard Boyle has been taking his camera to the world's trouble spots for over 20 years; while he does good work, Boyle's fondness for booze and drugs, and his colossal arrogance, have given him a reputation that's left him practically unemployable. Broke and with no immediate prospects, Boyle and his buddy Doctor Rock, an out-of-work disc jockey, head to El Salvador, where Boyle is convinced that he can scare up some lucrative freelance work amidst the nation's political turmoil. However, when Boyle and Rock witness the execution of a student by government troops just as they enter the country, it becomes clear that this war is more serious than they were expecting. Increasingly convinced that El Salvador is a disaster starting to happen, Boyle eventually decides that it's time to get out; but he has fallen in love with a woman named Maria, and he doesn't want to leave her behind."] ['In October 1962, U-2 surveillance photos reveal that the Soviet Union is in the process of placing missiles carrying nuclear weapons in Cuba. These weapons have the capability of wiping out most of the Eastern and Southern United States in minutes if they become operational. President John F. Kennedy  and his advisers must come up with a plan of action to prevent their activation. Kennedy is determined to show that the United States will not allow a missile threat in its virtual back yard. The Joint Chiefs of Staff advise immediate U.S. military strikes against the missile sites followed by an invasion of Cuba. However, Kennedy is reluctant to attack and invade because it would very likely cause the Soviets to invade Berlin. Citing The Guns of August, Kennedy sees an analogy to the events that started World War I, where the tactics of both sides commanders had not evolved since the previous war and were obsolete, only this time nuclear weapons are involved. War appears to be almost inevitable. The Kennedy administration tries to find a solution that will remove the missiles but avoid an act of war. They settle on a step less than a blockade, which is formally regarded as an act of war. They settle on what they publicly describe as a quarantine. They announce that the U.S. Naval forces will stop all ships entering Cuban waters and inspect them to verify they are not carrying weapons destined for Cuba. The Soviet Union sends mixed messages in response. John A. Scali, a reporter with ABC News, is contacted by Soviet "emissary" Aleksandr Fomin , and through this back-channel communication method the Soviets offer to remove the missiles in exchange for public assurances from the U.S. that it will never invade Cuba. A long message in the same tone as the informal communication from Fomin, apparently written personally by Soviet Premier Nikita Khrushchev, is received. This is followed by a second, more hard line cable in which the Soviets offer a deal involving U.S removal of its Jupiter missiles from Turkey. The Kennedy administration interprets the second as a response from the Politburo, and in a risky act, decides to ignore it and respond to the first message, assumed to be from Khrushchev. There are several mis-steps during the crisis: the defense readiness level of Strategic Air Command  is raised to DEFCON 2 , without informing the President; a nuclear weapon test proceeds  and a routine test launch of a U.S. offensive missile is also carried out without the President\'s knowledge. After much deliberation with the Executive Committee of the National Security Council, Kennedy secretly agrees to remove all Jupiter missiles from southern Italy and in Turkey, the latter on the border of the Soviet Union, in exchange for Khrushchev removing all missiles in Cuba. Off the shores of Cuba, the Soviet ships turn back from the quarantine lines. Secretary of State Dean Rusk  says, "We\'re eyeball to eyeball and I think the other fellow just blinked."'] ['Rachel Armstrong  is an ambitious reporter for the Capital Sun-Times. When she discovers fellow soccer mom Erica Van Doren  is working as a covert operative for the CIA and recently returned from Venezuela, where she was investigating an assassination attempt on the President of the United States, she confronts her and requests confirmation. Erica refuses to cooperate, but Rachel has no doubts about the veracity of the report, and her story becomes front-page news with the support of editor Bonnie Benjamin  and Avril Aaronson , who serves as the newspaper\'s legal counselor. Because revealing a covert operative\'s identity is a treasonous offence and because the individual who leaked the information to Rachel is a potential threat to national security, special Federal prosecutor Patton Dubois  convenes a grand jury and demands to know who her source is, information she refuses to divulge. High profile attorney Albert Burnside , hired by the newspaper to defend Rachel, is certain his personal friendship with Judge Hall will facilitate matters and is shocked when his client is jailed for contempt of court. Days become weeks, and then months, but Rachel steadfastly defends the principle of confidentiality, a position that eventually estranges her husband Ray , alienates her young son Timmy , and costs her embattled newspaper hundreds of thousands of dollars in fines and legal fees. She is stricken when a member of an extremist right-wing group assassinates Van Doren in her own driveway, as he perceives Van Doren\'s report on Venezuela\'s innocence to be unpatriotic, but she remains silent. Eventually, the President\'s Chief of Staff comes forward and admits that he corroborated Armstrong\'s investigation into Van Doren\'s identity. However, Dubois is only interested in Armstrong\'s original source. Armstrong pleas to Dubois that she could never give up her source as they would have to deal with the consequential ramifications of the death of Van Doren. Burnside even argues her case before the Supreme Court, but they decide against him 5-4, citing the overriding concern of national security. Eventually, Judge Hall decides to release Armstrong from jail, as he is convinced she will never divulge her source and, therefore, cannot be pressured through continued incarceration. On the day she is released, Dubois has the U.S. Marshals arrest her for obstruction of justice and convinces her to take a deal for a shortened sentence rather than go to trial. She agrees to two years in prison, with the possibility of early parole for good behavior. As Armstrong is taken to the facility, she reminisces about her time as a volunteer at Timmy\'s school, and when she spoke to Van Doren\'s daughter, Alison, who revealed to her on a school field trip that her mother worked for the government and recently went to Venezuela on "business" thus revealing Alison as the original source.'] ['Martijn , a gifted Dutch jazz pianist, flies to Morocco to set up a food assistance program. When he arrives, however, he and his travel guide, Gavin  are quickly kidnapped by terrorists, taken to an undisclosed location, bound and blindfolded. The captors swiftly kill Gavin and then begin methodical attempts to extract information from Martijn about where he obtained the money to set up the program by cutting off his fingers one at a time. Martijn insists that he has no idea where the money came from, though in time it becomes clear that all is not what it seems. As the torture continues, Ahmat  tries his hardest to get answers from Martijn. Eventually, Martijn reveals to Ahmat that he was a terrorist and was poisoning food. Youseff, a man who had been filming Martijn, kills him. Ahmat is revealed to be a CIA agent, Gavin is revealed to be an American who had been with Ahmat the entire time. Ahmat and his girlfriend go for a drink, showing the Statue of Liberty revealing they had been in New York City the entire time.'] ['In the German Democratic Republic  in 1984, secret Stasi officer Hauptmann Gerd Wiesler is assigned by his superior, Anton Grubitz, to spy on successful playwright Georg Dreyman . Wiesler and a Stasi team bug the apartment, set up surveillance equipment in a nearby attic, and begin reporting on Dreyman\'s activities. Dreyman has so far escaped all but cursory attention from the authorities due to his staunchly pro-Communist views and his internationally recognized talent. Wiesler soon learns the real reason behind the surveillance: the Party\'s Minister of Culture, Bruno Hempf, covets Dreyman\'s girlfriend, actress Christa-Maria Sieland , and is using his power to rid himself of a romantic rival. While Grubitz sees this as an opportunity for career advancement, Wiesler is horrified by the abuse of power. Through his surveillance, he knows Dreyman and Sieland are deeply in love. Minister Hempf uses his knowledge of Sieland\'s addiction to prescription drugs to engage her in sexual liaisons. After he discovers Sieland\'s relationship with Minister Hempf through Wiesler\'s indirect help, Dreyman implores her not to meet him again. Sieland at first refuses and flees their apartment. She walks to a nearby bar where she meets Wiesler, who, posing as a fan, reminds her of her talent. The encounter convinces Sieland to return to Dreyman. Although a dedicated Communist, Dreyman is increasingly disillusioned with the way his blacklisted colleagues are treated by the State. At Dreyman\'s birthday party, his close friend Albert Jerska, a blacklisted theatre director, gives him the sheet music to a piece titled "Sonate vom Guten Menschen" . Shortly afterwards, Jerska hangs himself. Wiesler is moved by this turn of events. Infuriated, Dreyman decides to publish anonymously an article on the concealed East Germany suicide rates in the West German periodical Der Spiegel. No suicide rates in the GDR have been published since 1977—the year East Germany had the second highest suicide rate in Europe. Knowing that all East German typewriters are registered, Dreyman uses a miniature typewriter smuggled in from West Germany, which he hides under the floorboards in his apartment. Before talking openly in his apartment, Dreyman and his friends test whether the flat is bugged by feigning an attempt to smuggle one of their blacklisted friends through the Heinrich-Heine-Straße checkpoint of the Berlin Wall. Although aware of the smuggling, Wiesler does not alert the border control police, and the conspirators believe the apartment is secure. Dreyman\'s article on unreported suicides in the GDR is published and enrages the East German authorities. Through an agent working at Der Spiegel, the Stasi obtain a copy of the typed manuscript and realize it was written on an unregistered typewriter with red ink. Meanwhile, Minister Hempf is livid at being jilted by Sieland and orders Grubitz to destroy her. Grubitz arrests Sieland as she attempts to buy drugs at her dentist\'s office. Threatened with the end of her career, Sieland reveals Dreyman\'s authorship of the article. When the Stasi search the apartment, however, they do not find the typewriter. Grubitz then orders Wiesler to interrogate Sieland again, warning him that failure will cost them both. Sieland recognizes Wiesler as the man from the bar and tells him where the typewriter is hidden, agreeing to become an informant. Grubitz and the Stasi team return to Dreyman\'s apartment and lift the floorboards, but the typewriter is not there. They do not know that Wiesler has already seized the evidence. When she sees the horrified look on Dreyman\'s face as he realizes she informed on him, a guilt-ridden Sieland runs into the street and is struck by an oncoming truck and killed. Dreyman runs downstairs and holds his dead girlfriend in his arms, weeping inconsolably. Grubitz offers his perfunctory condolence and leaves the scene. Realizing that Wiesler obstructed the investigation, Grubitz informs him that he is being demoted to Department M where disgraced agents steam-open letters. He assures Wiesler that he will be there for the rest of his working life. As he leaves, Grubitz discards a newspaper that announces Mikhail Gorbachev as the new leader of the Soviet Union. Four years and seven months later, Wiesler is steaming open letters in a dank, windowless office, when a young co-worker tells him of the fall of the Berlin Wall. Understanding that this means the end of the Stasi, Wiesler and his co-workers walk away from their jobs. Two years after German reunification, former Minister Hempf and Dreyman have a chance encounter. Dreyman asks Hempf why he was never under surveillance, and Hempf tells him he was in fact being monitored. After uncovering the surveillance equipment in his apartment, Dreyman goes to the Stasi Archives to read through the files on his activities. He figures out that Sieland was released just before the second search and could not have removed the typewriter. Seeing a fingerprint in red ink on the final typewritten report, he realizes that Stasi Agent "HGW XX/7" had knowingly covered up Dreyman\'s authorship of the suicide article and had removed the typewriter before the Stasi search team arrived. Deeply moved, Dreyman locates Wiesler and watches him go about his new job delivering mail. Two years later while delivering mail, Wiesler passes a bookstore and sees a window display promoting Dreyman\'s new novel, Sonate vom Guten Menschen. Wiesler goes inside, opens a copy of the book, and discovers that it is dedicated "To HGW XX/7, with gratitude". As Wiesler purchases the book, the sales clerk asks if he wants it gift-wrapped, and Wiesler responds, "No, it\'s for me."'] ["When his fiancée is murdered by terrorists, a CIA cryptographer blackmails his superiors into sending him on a field assignment into Czechoslovakia to assassinate those responsible. Once there, however, he discovers a web of deception underneath his fiancée's death."] ['The American destroyer USS Bedford  detects a Soviet submarine in the GIUK gap near the Greenland coast. Though they are not at war, Captain Eric Finlander  harries his prey mercilessly, while civilian photojournalist Ben Munceford  and NATO naval advisor, Commodore  Wolfgang Schrepke , look on with mounting alarm. Because the submarine is not powered by a nuclear reactor, its submerged endurance is limited. This gives Finlander an advantage, but also means the Russians will be more desperate. Also aboard the ship are Ensign Ralston , an inexperienced young officer constantly being criticized by his captain for small errors, and Lieutenant Commander Chester Potter, USNR , the ship\'s new doctor who is a reservist recently recalled to active duty. Munceford is on board in order to photograph life on a navy destroyer, but his real interest is Captain Finlander, who was recently passed over for promotion to rear admiral. Munceford is curious as to why. He is treated with mounting hostility by the captain because he is seen as a civilian putting his nose where it does not belong and because he disagrees with Finlander\'s decision to continue with an unnecessary and dangerous confrontation. Finlander is hostile to anyone who is not involved in the hunt - including the doctor. The crew becomes increasingly fatigued by the unrelenting pursuit. The conflict escalates into a collision between the vessels. Captain Finlander orders Bedford to withdraw to a safe distance. He reassures Munceford and Schrepke that he is in command of the situation and that he will not fire first, but that "If he fires one, I\'ll fire one." Ensign Ralston mistakes Finlander\'s remark as an order to fire and launches an anti-submarine rocket, which destroys the submarine. Their sonar detects a salvo of four nuclear-armed torpedoes coming at the destroyer. Despite Munceford\'s frantic pleading, Finlander does nothing to save his ship, perhaps because he recognises that there is no way of escaping. The movie ends with still shots of various crewmen "melting" as if the celluloid film were burning as Bedford and her crew are vaporized. The last image is an iconic, towering mushroom cloud from the torpedo detonations. The movie bears an uncanny resemblance to the real-life, forced surfacing of Soviet submarine B-59 during the Cuban Missile Crisis. Unbeknownst to the American destroyers hunting B-59, it carried a nuclear torpedo, and the captain, thinking he was under attack and that World War III might be going on up on the surface, considered using his weapon. Unlike in the movie, where Finlander knew the sub carried a nuclear torpedo, the presence of one on B-59 was unknown to most people until decades later.'] ["On Christmas Eve, Armand , a terrorist who has a hidden nuclear device in Washington D.C., forces the president of the United States government  to round up seven geniuses with IQs over 200. The group consists of a casino owner , a biochemist , a pro-baseball player , a seminary student , an economics professor, a painter , and a pizza delivery guy . The government is to place them in a bomb shelter and explain to the group that they are to solve the world's problems in one night; if they fail to gather a thousand point till the morning, the terrorist will detonate the hidden nuclear device planted in the basement of the 'genius lair'."] ['{{Plot}} As the Soviet Union begins to undergo radical political change, a group of renegade Soviet military officers steal a nuclear missile and launch it towards the Soviet Union from Turkey. The Soviet city of Donetsk is destroyed by the stolen missile. When the missile hits, Soviet defense systems see that the weapon was launched from Turkey, and conclude that a NATO attack is in progress. The Soviets retaliate by launching ICBMs and SLBMs at the United States from both nuclear submarines and from land-based silos. Moments after the Soviet attack is launched, the President of the United States receives a teleprinter message from his counterpart in the Soviet Union saying that they have determined that the first missile was launched by renegades and not by NATO; the Premier tells the President that the Soviet Union will, without retaliation, accept a limited U.S. counterstrike comparable with the Soviet attack . However, should the U.S. counterstrike be any larger, the Soviets will have no choice but to retaliate in kind &mdash; meaning that an all-out nuclear exchange would almost certainly ensue. To further add to the turmoil, China launches its own strike against the Soviets in accordance with a treaty with the United States. The President argues over the phone with General Renning at Strategic Air Command Headquarters at Offutt AFB, Nebraska, over whether or not the teleprinter message can be trusted. The General believes it is a bluff intended to trick the U.S. into not counterattacking and leaving itself vulnerable, while the President is reluctant to launch a nuclear strike over what could be a mistake. General Renning orders his naval attache, "Harpoon", to board the Boeing E-4 airborne command post and orders a launch of his remaining land-based bombers, as most of them have been destroyed in the initial Soviet attack. After much persuasion, the President orders an initial counter-assault, just after Washington, D.C. is struck by a nuclear missile, which was originally intended to detonate over Andrews AFB, Maryland but overshot its target by 13 miles and instead detonates over Walter Reed Army Hospital. Renning then informs the President that the Soviets have launched a second attack, presumably proving him right in that the Soviet Premier was being untruthful. The President reluctantly orders a second counterstrike. Aboard Marine One, the President\'s Emergency War Orders officer  receives a teleprinter message informing him that the second nuclear strike was directed at the Chinese, not at the United States, meaning that the United States will not suffer further casualties. The President is then evacuated from The White House on Marine One and is en route to Dover AFB, Delaware, but is presumed killed when a second nuclear weapon detonates over Andrews and causes the helicopter to crash. The President is, however, only wounded, yet now completely blind from exposure to the light of the nuclear explosion. Assuming the President is dead, the United States Army and the Federal Bureau of Investigation locate the Secretary of the Interior in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. As the only remaining Cabinet member known to still be alive, and thus next in the order of succession, the Secretary of the Interior is installed as President of the United States with the codename "Condor". Though the Secretary at first appears open to the suggestion of Harpoon, who urges a cautious approach involving reduced hostilities, he quickly decides instead to follow the advice of the hawkish Colonel Fargo, who sees the total destruction of the Soviet Union as the only acceptable resolution to the conflict. On board the Boeing E-4, Condor orders a decapitating strike on the Soviet Union, concentrating on the destruction of leadership bunkers by land-based bombers and the launch of all U.S. submarine-based nuclear missiles. Condor holds fast to his decision to attack the Soviet Union, even after hearing that the President of the United States is still alive, as he believes the communication to be a trick by the Soviet Union. In Olney, Maryland, the President is taken to a nearby Federal Emergency Management Agency emergency shelter, where he is able to get in touch with the Soviet Premier via shortwave, though there is some question at the time of whether the authentication is legitimate. He then contacts the Looking Glass command aircraft which recognizes that the President is still alive. He then orders the Looking Glass aircraft battle staff to stand down the bombers and land-based missiles; however, to prevent Condor from ordering the launch of the submarine-based missiles from the U.S. Navy\'s TACAMO communications aircraft, the Looking Glass aircraft loyal to the President pledges to ram the E-4B. Minutes before Condor sends out the order for a full-scale nuclear strike, the Looking Glass is able to ram the E-4B . The President then reasserts control and orders a stand-down of all U.S. nuclear and military forces. The Soviet Union responds in kind. However, the outcome of the conflict between Soviet Union and China is left unanswered.'] ['Late in 1969, a brilliant young United States Navy intelligence officer named Charles Rone ([[Patrick O\'Neal  finds his commission revoked so that he can be recruited into an espionage mission. Rone is told that the mission is being undertaken independently of governmental intelligence agencies, as was commonplace prior to World War II, when espionage operations were handled by a small community of agents operating on a freelance basis. Rone is told that the primary operator in that community, a "brutal, sadistic, conscienceless assassin" named Robert Stuydevant, did not adapt to the post-war shift to government intelligence agencies, and the independent network of spies disbanded, with Stuydevant disappearing and reportedly later committing suicide. Now, the government has suffered a significant failure in an important intelligence operation and has turned back to the independent agents for help. This time, "The Highwayman" , another member of the old group of independent spies is the man leading the effort to reassemble the network to take on this mission. Another member of the group has recently died, and Rone has been tabbed as his replacement, due to Rone\'s exceptional analytical skills, eidetic memory and ability to speak eight languages, each with a native accent. Rone meets with The Highwayman and another group member named Ward , the latter of whom takes on the role of Rone\'s primary tutor. They first task Rone with rounding up three other members of the group: Janis , a drug dealer and panderer, "The Warlock" , a culturally sophisticated homosexual, and "The Erector Set" , a highly skilled thief and burglar. Janis begs off of the mission, saying that he won\'t work for The Highwayman, but only for Stuydevant, whom he believes would never have killed himself. Rone finally bribes him into agreeing to participate. The Warlock joins the operation without hesitation, but The Erector Set\'s hands have become too arthritic to be of use. Instead, he sends his beautiful daughter B.A.  in his place, as he has trained her to be as capable as is he. B.A. and Rone soon become romantically involved. The group\'s mission is the retrieval of a letter, written without proper authorization, that promises United States aid to the Soviet Union in destroying Chinese atomic weapons plants. The letter had been solicited on behalf of an unknown high-level Soviet official by Dmitri Polyakov, who had previously been selling Soviet secrets to the United States that he had obtained from that same Soviet official. Upon finding out about the letter, which was a de facto "declaration of war against China", U.S. and British authorities had contacted Polyakov and arranged to purchase it back from him. However, Polyakov then committed suicide after being apprehended by Soviet counter-intelligence under Colonel Yakov Kosnov . The group blackmails Captain Potkin , the Soviet head of counter-intelligence in the U.S., threatening his family to force him to allow them the use of his usually-vacant apartment in Moscow. Once they arrive in the Soviet Union, the terminally ill Highwayman sacrifices his life, attempting to divert the attention of Soviet counter-intelligence away from the remainder of the team. Rone is assigned to remain at the apartment with Ward and accept reports verbally from other team members, Rone\'s memory allowing them to avoid the use of written records. Janis, The Warlock and B.A. then set out to establish themselves in various parts of Russian society as they try to ascertain the identity of Polyakov\'s contact. Janis enters a partnership with a local brothel operator, who points him to a Chinese man known as "The Kitai" as a possible source for drugs to which they can keep their prostitutes addicted. Upon meeting the Kitai, Janis discerns that the man is also a spy. Janis also happens to spot Kosnov leaving a local night club with a woman whom he discovers was Polyakov\'s devoted wife, Erika Beck . She is now married to Kosnov, so B.A. plants a listening device in their bedroom. After that, B.A. takes up with a local small-time thief and black market operator, though she finds herself terribly unhappy and wishes only to return home to her father. In the meantime, the Warlock integrates himself into the local community of intellectual homosexuals, starting an affair with a university professor. He then meets one of the professor\'s students who was Polyakov\'s former lover and who informs him that Polyakov had had a relationship with Vladimir Bresnavitch  of the Soviet Central Committee. Bresnavitch turns out to have an adversarial relationship with Kosnov, whose activities Bresnavitch oversees on behalf of the Committee. According to Kosnov, the animosity between the two men went back many years to when Bresnavitch sought to oust Kosnov from his job, in favor of Stuydevant. Prior to that time, Kosnov and Stuydevant had been friendly, with each one trusting the other to allow his agents to operate in the other\'s territory. However, with the pressure from Bresnavitch, Kosnov decided he had to do "something spectacular" to keep his job, so he betrayed Stuydevant\'s trust and captured his agents, employing a great deal of brutality and earning the lasting enmity of Stuydevant himself. Upon deducing that Bresnavitch had used Polyakov to fence stolen art works in Paris, Ward decides to go there in search of any possible leads. On the day of his return, the group\'s mission is destroyed when Potkin returns to the Soviet Union and informs Bresnavitch about the operation. Janis, B.A. and Ward are apprehended, while The Warlock commits suicide just before capture and Rone narrowly escapes. Rone tries visiting the Kitai to arrange re-purchase of the letter, but the Kitai responds by trying to kill him and Rone determines that the Chinese have possession of the letter. Rone then turns to Erika, with whom he has been having an affair while posing as a Russian gigolo named Yorgi. He hopes to get her to inquire with her husband about the condition of those captured. She informs him that Kosnov participated in no such capture, and Rone realizes that Bresnavitch quietly orchestrated the raid without the knowledge of Soviet counter-intelligence, a clear indicator that he was Polyakov\'s traitorous high-level Soviet official contact. Rone\'s questions reveal to Erika his true identity and he promises to help her escape to the West. She tells him she will try to ascertain the fates of the captured agents and later reports back that B.A. has taken poison and is expected to die, while one of the men is dead and the other has survived and is being held captive. Rone threatens to expose Bresnavitch unless Ward, the surviving agent, is released. Bresnavitch agrees, and Rone and Ward then arrange to leave the next day, though Ward does not approve of Rone\'s plans aid Erika. Ward lures her into a trap and kills her. Kosnov believes that her lover Yorgi killed her and tracks down Rone, though unaware of Rone\'s true identity, in search of revenge. But Ward enters, leading Kosnov to observe that "I seem to know you." Ward says that the two men have "a lot of old corpses to dig up and talk about." He begins listing the names of the agents betrayed by Kosnov and says that the time has come for retribution, as he shoots Kosnov in the kneecap. Kosnov stares at Ward in disbelief, saying "No, it isn\'t. It can\'t be." Ward then closes on him off-camera and Kosnov begins screaming in torment. As they head for a plane to leave the country, Rone shares with Ward his conclusions that Ward is in fact Stuydevant and intends to stay, having made a deal with Bresnavitch to take over as the head of Soviet counter-intelligence. Ward denies it, but only coyly, and then reveals that B.A. is not dead. He says that she will be held to ensure that Rone does not reveal the truth about him. Rone, very much in love with B.A., vows that he\'ll get her back somehow. Ward offers to release B.A. if Rone does "one last little thing", handing Rone an envelope as Rone boards the plane. After seating himself, Rone opens the envelope to find a note which reads, "Kill Potkin\'s wife and daughters or I kill the girl."'] ["It tells the story of a wealthy American businessman named Jack Moore  working in China and attempting to put together a satellite communications deal as part of a joint venture with the Chinese government. Before the deal goes through, he is framed for the murder of a powerful Chinese general's daughter, and the satellite contract is awarded to Moore's competitor, Gerhardt Hoffman. Moore's court-appointed lawyer Shen Yuelin, , initially does not believe his claims of innocence, but the pair gradually unearths further evidence that not only vindicates Moore but also implicates powerful figures within the Chinese central government administration, exposing undeniable conspiracy and corruption. Shen manages to convince several high-ranking Chinese officials to release evidence that proves Moore's innocence. Moore is quickly released from prison while the conspirators that framed him are arrested. At the airport, Moore asks Shen to leave China with him, but she decides to stay as there are many more things to change in China. However, she admits that meeting Moore has changed her life, and she considers him part of her family now. They both then share a heartfelt hug on the airport runway."] ["In 1978, David Raybourne is an American novelist who lives in Rome and works as a journalist in a small English-language newspaper. He is romantically involved with Lia, the estranged wife of an Italian Industrialist, and befriended by Italo Bianchi, a politically left-leaning lecturer at a Rome University. The movie re-creates the backdrop of politically charged atmosphere and student unrest, in which the infamous Red Brigades commit their spate of violent attacks which rocked northern Italy in the 1970s, culminating in the Kidnapping and later murder of Aldo Moro, former Italian Prime Minister. As part of a plan to write a commercial novel and raise money to marry and support Lia in the style to which she is accustomed, Raybourne researches the activities and organization of the Red Brigades. He writes the draft of a novel, realistic but fictitious, with the plot centered around the kidnapping of a central political figure by the Red Brigades. During this time David Raybourne meets a beautiful and sexually provocative young photojournalist, Alison King. She is eager for a news story and is introduced by Raybourne to Italo Bianchi. Alison King becomes convinced that Raybourne knows something about the Red Brigades and is hiding a potential scoop from her, so after a sexual dalliance, she searches his apartment and finds Raybourne's novel draft. She brings this to the attention of Bianchi who despite his mild manner and seemingly moderate politics, is actually collaborating with the Red Brigades. He delivers the draft to a Red Brigade contact and the similarity of his fictitious plot to their actual kidnap plans causes them to conclude that their plans have been leaked. Raybourne realizes he is being hunted when the Brigades attack the newspaper offices where he works killing everyone present, and he attempts to escape with Alison King, with the aid of his romantic connection, Lia. It turns out that Lia is even more deeply involved with the Red Brigades than Italo, and after a chase, Raybourne and King are captured. They are held while the kidnapping of Aldo Moro takes place and after this is achieved, the Brigades leadership accuse Lia for the leak and shoot her for her apparent betrayal, right before Raybourne's and King's eyes. They force King to photograph the body and instruct Raybourne to publicize the story as a warning to any future traitors. The movie ends with Raybourne being interviewed on American television regarding the successful publification of a now non-fiction book about the Red Brigades and his contact with them."] ['Paulina Escobar  is a housewife married to a prominent lawyer in an unnamed South American country. One day a storm forces her husband Gerardo  to ride home with a charming stranger. She is convinced that the stranger, Dr. Miranda , was part of the old fascist regime and that he tortured and raped her for weeks while she was blindfolded. Paulina takes him captive to determine the truth. Despite attempts by both her husband and Miranda to convince her that he is innocent, Paulina is certain that he is the one, and forces her husband to be Miranda\'s "attorney" in the "trial" she arranges for him. Miranda conspires with Gerardo to agree to a false confession , so they write one up and present it to Paulina. Enraged, Paulina deems Miranda as being unrepentant, and threatens to kill him. As Gerardo tries to stop her, Miranda succeeds in getting Paulina\'s gun, and threatens to kill her if he is not freed. As he advances toward the door, Paulina hits him and after a struggle gets back in control. In a last-ditch effort to save his life, Miranda implores Gerardo to call the place where he claims to have been at the time of Paulina\'s rape as she leads him blindfolded out the door to the edge of the cliff. Gerardo contacts the hospital, where Miranda\'s colleagues confirm the story. He races to inform Paulina, at last convinced that Miranda is innocent. Paulina refuses to believe it, however, saying that the doctors at that time created alibis in order to conceal their identities. Accepting defeat, Miranda finally tells them that he really was the doctor, that he enjoyed brutalizing Paulina, and that he was sorry that the old regime fell. Enraged, Gerardo attempts to throw Miranda from the cliff, only to realize he cannot bring himself to take a life. Paulina apparently accepts the confession, and they both leave Miranda on the cliff as he stares down at the water. The camera simulates someone falling off the cliff, as seen from their point of view. In the final scene, Paulina and Gerardo are at the same concert where the film began with Miranda also present, looking down with his wife and sons. Paulina and Miranda cast uncomfortable glances at each other, and look away. Miranda glances down at the couple again as the camera shows Gerardo glancing up towards the balcony at the now off-screen Miranda.'] ["House Un-American Activities Committee investigators Jim McLain and Mal Baxter come to Hawaii to track Communist Party activities. They are interested in everything from insurance fraud to the sabotage of a U.S. naval vessel. After receiving useful information from a reporter named Briggs, the agents begin searching for Willie Nomaka, a party treasurer, who allegedly has experienced a nervous breakdown and has been seeing Dr. Gelster, a psychiatrist. The doctor's secretary, Nancy Vallon, is helpful as well. She is a widow; McLain asks her on a date, and a romance develops. Nomaka's landlady, Madge, assists in the investigation, flirting with McLain. Nomaka's ex-wife also helps him. He is eventually found to be staying in a sanitarium, heavily drugged and unable to speak. Party leader Sturak gives orders to Dr. Gelster to get rid of him. Gelster also kills McLain's partner, Baxter, by mistake with an injection of truth serum. As the investigators close in, Sturak attempts to make Gelster confess to his party membership so the case can be closed and so others can continue their nefarious work. Their meeting is interrupted by McLain who instigates a brawl. Police arrive to place party leaders under arrest, but ultimately he and Nancy Vallon see them plead the Fifth Amendment and go free."] ['The main character, police superintendent Moldovan, is responsible for investigating an organized massacre at the Viraga prison. In the massacre political opponents of the fascist regime of 1940 were killed, including a group of communist activists.'] ['In 1980s Germany at the height of the Cold War, 19-year-old Karl Koch  finds the world around him threatening and chaotic. Inspired by the fictitious character Hagbard Celine , he starts investigating the backgrounds of political and economic power and discovers signs that make him believe in a worldwide conspiracy. At a meeting with hackers, Karl gets to know the student David . David and Karl are able to hack into the global data network—which is still, at this point, in its early stages—and their belief in social justice propels them into espionage for the KGB. Driven by contacts with a drug dealer—and by increasing KGB pressure to hack successfully into foreign systems—Karl spirals into a cocaine dependency and grows increasingly alienated from David. In a drug-addled state, Karl begins to sit in front of his computer for days at a time. Perpetually sleepless, he also grows increasingly delusional. When David publicly reveals the espionage activity in which the two men have been engaged, Karl is left alone to face the consequences. Collapse soon follows. Karl is taken to a hospital to deal with his drug addiction and mysteriously dies afterward.'] ["One night, a thief fleeing through Georgetown in Washington, D.C. is shot by a man carrying a briefcase. A pizza delivery man who witnesses the incident is also shot by the killer and is left in a coma. The following morning, a young woman is killed by a Washington Metro train in an apparent suicide. Congressman Stephen Collins  of Pennsylvania is distraught to hear the news, he claims because the woman was Sonia Baker , a lead researcher on his staff. Collins, who has military experience, is leading an investigation into PointCorp, a private defense contractor with controversial operations involving mercenaries. Collins tells his old friend Cal McAffrey , an investigative reporter, that he had been having an affair with Sonia and that she had sent him a cheerful video message on the morning of her death, which he says is inconsistent and unusual behavior for someone about to commit suicide. Della Frye , a reporter and blogger with the online division of Cal's newspaper and its editor, Cameron Lynne , discover that Sonia's death occurred in one of only three CCTV blind spots in the Metro camera system. Cal believes the shootings are related to Sonia's death and finds a link between the petty thief and a homeless girl who sought out Cal. The homeless girl gives him photographs that the thief, a friend of hers, had stolen from the killer's briefcase. The photos show surveillance images of Sonia talking to a well-dressed man. Della visits the hospital where the pizza delivery man is regaining consciousness. While at his room she witnesses the pizza delivery man shot dead by an unseen sniper. Later, she reviews CCTV footage and recognizes a man she saw at the hospital. It is revealed that PointCorp stands to gain $40&nbsp;billion annually from its mercenary activities in the Middle East and domestically. Cal speaks with Collins, who shares his research findings &mdash; PointCorp is cooperating with other defense contractors to create a monopoly and purchase government surveillance and defense contracts, essentially privatizing United States security from the government. Cal's PointCorp insider returns with the address of someone linked to the suspected assassin. Cal finds the assassin living there and calls the police, who force the man to disappear after he shoots at Cal. Della, following a close lead, finds the identity of the well-dressed man who was speaking to Sonia in the listed photographs. He is Dominic Foy , a PR executive working for a subsidiary of PointCorp. Cal blackmails him into talking about his activities with Sonia and secretly tapes their conversation. The PR executive reveals that Sonia was actually paid to spy on Collins and seduce him to get informations for PointCorp, but then she fell in love with Collins and she was already pregnant with his child when she was killed. Before Cal's newspaper goes to press, Collins goes on record to present his research into PointCorp. Collins' wife Anne ([[Robin Wright  reveals that she knows the amount of money Sonia received from PointCorp, after just hearing Collins' statement to the newspaper. After the couple leaves, Cal realizes that Collins knew already that Sonia was working for PointCorp. Cal then wonders what Collins would have done had he known he had been tricked and whether Collins himself is connected with Sonia's assassin. A picture of Collins from his military days, with the assassin in the frame, confirms Cal's hunch. Collins reveals that he had been suspicious of Sonia, and that he hired the assassin to watch her. The assassin is U.S. Army Corporal Robert Bingham , whose life Collins had once saved. Collins says that Bingham hated PointCorp more than he did and he killed Sonia with no authorization from him. Cal tells Collins that he has three minutes to leave his office before the police arrive, as he has already contacted them. As he leaves the building, Cal is confronted by Bingham. Officers arrive and shoot Bingham before he opens fire. Cal leaves and goes to his office. There, Cal and Della type up their own story, noting that Collins was secured and arrested."] ['A U.S. Coast Guard patrol boat stops a suspicious yacht, finding that an American businessman and his family have been murdered by several men operating the craft. The murdered man happens to have been a close friend of the President of the United States. President Bennett  learns that the man was murdered because of his ties to a drug cartel, having skimmed over $650 million from the cartel. The President tells James Cutter , his National Security Advisor, that Colombian drug cartels represent "a clear and present danger" to the U.S., indirectly giving Cutter unofficial permission to take down the men responsible for his friend\'s death. Jack Ryan  is appointed Deputy Director  when his friend, mentor, and boss Admiral Jim Greer  is diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. Upon his appointment, Ryan is asked to go before the U.S. Congress to request increased funding of $70 million for ongoing Central Intelligence Agency  operations in Colombia. Congress approves the funding, with U.S. Senator Mayo  receiving Ryan\'s word that no troops or black-ops will be used. Needing to keep an unwitting Ryan out of the loop, Cutter turns to the CIA\'s Deputy Director for Operations Bob Ritter , who secures a document giving him permission to act as he sees fit to take down the cartel. Ritter assembles a black-ops team with the help of John Clark . The team inserts itself in Colombia, with Clark running logistics from Bogota, Colombia, and Captain Ricardo Ramirez  leading the ground force in a search-and-destroy mission against various cartel gangs, their equipment, and hidden drug lab facilities. The head of one of the drug gangs, Ernesto Escobedo , is enraged at having lost over $600 million as a result of the freezing of assets, and has his intelligence officer, Félix Cortez , take care of the problem. Cortez, a former colonel of Cuban military intelligence, has an unwitting contact inside the U.S. government&nbsp;&mdash; Moira Wolfson , a secretary to Federal Bureau of Investigation  Director Emil Jacobs. Cortez feigns romantic interest to discover that Jacobs is visiting Colombia to negotiate with the local attorney general concerning the frozen money. Unaware of these covert dealings, Ryan finds himself caught in the middle of an assassination attempt on Jacobs, which only Ryan survives. Cortez travels to the U.S. and kills Moira to cover his tracks. Cortez\'s real motivation is to cause distrust among the leaders of the cartel . Cortez believes he can assume control of the cartel following the gang war that will result. In retaliation for the assassination of Jacobs, Cutter orders an air strike on a villa where the cartel\'s leaders are supposed to meet. The bombing is mostly successful, killing a large number of the cartel leaders and fooling the media and other observers into thinking that the destruction was caused by a car bomb set by a rival drug lord. Escobedo and Cortez avoid the bombing, but innocent women and children are killed in the action, much to Cutter\'s dismay. The situation is exacerbated when Ryan and Cortez independently discover that the United States was responsible for the bombing. Cortez brokers a deal with Cutter. Cortez will assassinate Escobedo and take over the cartel, then reduce drug shipments to the U.S. and allow American law enforcement to arrest some of his workers at regular intervals so as to make the U.S. appear to be winning the drug war. In exchange, Cutter will shut down all operations in Colombia and allow Cortez to capture and kill Clark\'s soldiers. Cutter agrees and orders Ritter to get rid of all evidence of their operations and cut off the troops in Colombia from all support. Ryan is told about the meeting between Cutter and Cortez. He hacks into Ritter\'s computer account and discovers Ritter\'s and Cutter\'s work in Colombia. Ritter notices Ryan\'s presence on the computer while Ritter is deleting all of the files, and the two men confront each other. Ritter tells Ryan that he has written permission from the President to do anything necessary to defeat the Cali Cartel, and so does Cutter. Ryan will be the scapegoat for what has happened since he doesn\'t have that protection and was responsible for the funding from Congress that made the Colombian operations possible. Greer succumbs to cancer. As the funeral takes place the black-ops team is ambushed in Colombia. Ryan goes to Colombia to find John Clark and save the soldiers. Ritter and Cutter find out about this and tell Clark that Ryan was responsible for the operation\'s shut-down. Clark almost kills Ryan before Ryan convinces him that Ritter and Cutter are responsible. Clark hires a local retired American pilot and Ryan buys an aging Bell 412 helicopter. They fly to where the soldiers were attacked and find the squad\'s scout/sniper, Domingo Chavez , who tells them that two of his unit members are imprisoned and the rest are dead. Ryan visits Escobedo\'s mansion and tells him what Cortez has been doing. Enraged, Escobedo accuses Cortez of treachery. One of Cortez\'s men kills Escobedo and henchmen, but is shot by Chávez. Ryan, Clark, and Chávez rescue the prisoners, kill Cortez, and escape. Ryan confronts the President, who tries to convince Ryan that he now holds "a chip in the big game"&nbsp;&mdash; by being in the loop of what happened, Ryan can use the President for special favors; otherwise Ryan and Admiral Greer become the scapegoats. Ryan tells the President that he intends to blow the whistle at a Congressional Oversight Committee session despite the damage it could do to his career. He walks out of the Oval Office and begins his testimony to Congress.'] ['{{plot}} Bob Lee Swagger  is a retired U.S. Marine Gunnery Sergeant who served as a Force Recon Scout Sniper. He reluctantly leaves a self-imposed exile from his isolated mountain home in the Wind River Range at the request of Colonel Isaac Johnson . Johnson appeals to Swagger\'s expertise and patriotism to help track down an assassin who plans on shooting the president from a great distance with a high-powered rifle. Johnson gives him a list of three cities where the President is scheduled to visit so Swagger can determine if an attempt could be made at any of them. Swagger assesses each of the locations and determines that a site in Philadelphia would be most conducive to a long-range assassination attempt. He passes this information to Johnson, who purportedly arranges for a response. This turns out to be a set-up; while Swagger is working with Johnson\'s agents—including a local police officer—to find the rumored assassin, the Ethiopian archbishop is instead assassinated while standing next to the president. Swagger is shot by the officer, but manages to escape. The agents tell the police and public that Swagger is the shooter, and stage a massive manhunt for the injured sniper. However, Swagger has a stroke of luck—he meets a rookie FBI special agent, Nick Memphis , disarms him, and steals his car. Swagger uses the first aid supplies in the car to treat his wounds and escapes by driving into the Delaware River while being chased. He then takes refuge with Sarah Fenn , widow of Swagger\'s late spotter and close friend Donnie Fenn, killed years before in a mission in Africa that Swagger himself barely survived. She saves his life by cleaning and stitching Swagger\'s gunshot wounds, and he later convinces her to help him contact Memphis with information on the conspiracy. Memphis is blamed for allowing Swagger\'s escape and is informed that he will face disciplinary review. Memphis argues that given Swagger\'s training and experience, it is surprising that the president survived and the archbishop standing several feet away was killed. He independently learns that Swagger may have been framed for the assassination by finding several inconsistencies in the evidence and witness statements provided to the FBI by an unnamed private agency. When the rogue agents realize their secret is compromised, they kidnap Memphis and attempt to stage his suicide. Swagger tails the agents and kills Memphis\' captors. Swagger and Memphis then join forces and visit a firearms expert  in Athens, Tennessee, who provides valuable information on the FBI\'s ballistics report and a short list of people capable of taking a shot from a distance of one mile or more. Armed with this information, Swagger and Memphis plot to capture the person who they think is the real assassin, an ex-sniper allied with Colonel Johnson. Once they find him in Lynchburg, Virginia, he commits suicide after revealing that the archbishop was actually the real target and he was murdered to prevent his speaking out against U.S. involvement in the massacre of an Eritrean village. The massacre was carried out on behalf of a consortium of American corporate oil interests headed by corrupt Senator Charles Meachum . Swagger learns that the mission in which Fenn was killed was also a part of the massacre, as they were tasked to cover the withdrawal of the contractors assigned to the job. Swagger records the ex–sniper\'s confession of his involvement in the African massacre. Then, with Memphis\' assistance, Swagger escapes from an ambush by killing 24 mercenaries. Meanwhile, other rogue mercenaries, led by Johnson\'s psychotic right-hand man Jack Payne , have kidnapped Sarah in order to lure Swagger out of hiding. With his new evidence and cat and mouse strategy, Swagger and Memphis are able to rescue her when Colonel Johnson and Senator Meachum arrange a meeting to exchange their hostage for the evidence of their wrongdoing. After killing Payne and several enemy snipers in an isolated mountain range and rescuing Sarah, Swagger and Memphis surrender to the FBI. Later, Swagger  is brought before the attorney general and the FBI director in a closed-door meeting in Washington. The Colonel, Memphis, and Sarah also present. Swagger quickly clears his name by loading a rifle round  into his rifle , aims it at the Colonel, and pulls the trigger—which fails to fire the round. Swagger explains that every time he leaves his house, he removes the firing pins from all his guns, replacing them with slightly shorter ones, thus rendering them unable to fire until he returns. Although Swagger is exonerated, Colonel Johnson cannot be charged with a crime as the Eritrean massacre is outside American legal jurisdiction and he walks free. The attorney general approaches Swagger and states that he  must abide by the law. He also admonishes Swagger, saying, "It\'s not the Wild West anymore, you can\'t just clean up the streets with a gun, even though sometimes, that\'s exactly what\'s needed." Swagger remembers his words. Afterwards, Johnson and the Senator Meachum plan their next move while at the Senator\'s vacation house—only to be interrupted by an attack by Swagger. He kills both conspirators, one of the Colonel\'s aides, and two bodyguards, then breaks open a gas valve before leaving. The fire in the fireplace ignites the gas, blowing up the house. The final scene shows Swagger getting into a car with Sarah and driving away.'] ['The location of the action is never expressly stated , but there are hints (such as the newspaper that The Deputy reads, which is Ta Nea, advertisements for [[Fix  that it is Greece in the early 1960s. In another scene of the film a picture of Pablo Picasso’s famous sketch “The Man with the carnation” is displayed in a wall. The man with the carnation was Nicos Beloyannis a prominent figure of the Greek Communist Party who has been sentenced to death a few years earlier. Furthermore, in the opening credits there is a mock disclaimer which reads : “Any resemblance to real events, to persons dead or living, is not accidental. It is INTENTIONAL.” The story begins with the closing moments of a rather dull government lecture and slide show on agricultural policy, after which the leader of the security police of a right-wing military-dominated government  takes over the podium for an impassioned speech describing the government\'s program to combat leftism, using the metaphors of “a mildew of the mind”, an infiltration of “isms”, or “sunspots”. The scene shifts to preparations for a rally of the opposition faction where the Deputy  is to give a speech advocating nuclear disarmament. It is obvious that there have been attempts to prevent the speech’s delivery. The venue has been changed to a much smaller hall and logistical problems have appeared out of nowhere. As the Deputy crosses the street from the hall after giving his speech, a delivery truck speeds past him and a man on the open truck bed strikes him down with a club. The injury eventually proves fatal, and by that time it is already clear to the viewer that the police have manipulated witnesses to force the conclusion that the victim was simply run over by a drunk driver. However, they do not control the hospital, where the autopsy disproves their interpretation. The examining magistrate , with the assistance of a photojournalist , now uncovers sufficient evidence to indict not only the two right-wing militants who committed the murder, but also four high-ranking military police officers. The action of the film concludes with one of the Deputy\'s associates rushing to see the Deputy\'s widow  to give her the surprising news of the officers\' indictments. An epilogue provides a synopsis of the subsequent turns of events. Instead of the expected positive outcome, the prosecutor is mysteriously removed from the case, key witnesses die under suspicious circumstances, the assassins receive  short sentences, the officers receive only administrative reprimands, the Deputy\'s close associates die or are deported, and the photojournalist is sent to prison for disclosing official documents. As the closing credits roll, before listing the cast and crew, the filmmakers first list the things banned by the junta. They include: peace movements, strikes, labor unions, long hair on men, The Beatles, other modern and popular music , Sophocles, Leo Tolstoy, Aeschylus, writing that Socrates was homosexual, Eugène Ionesco, Jean-Paul Sartre, Anton Chekhov, Harold Pinter, Edward Albee, Mark Twain, Samuel Beckett, the bar association, sociology, international encyclopedias, free press, and new math. Also banned is the letter Z, which was used as a symbolic reminder that Grigoris Lambrakis and by extension the spirit of resistance lives (zi = "he .'] ['The film is a thriller about a terrorist kidnapping.<ref namehttp://news.independent.co.uk/people/profiles/article11293.ece | titleThe Independent | date2008-01-10 }} Three terrorist bomb-makers get a tipoff that their safehouse is about to be raided; flee on foot; kidnap hostages in an attempt to escape.<ref namehttp://www.preview-online.com/s2005/feature_articles/red/index.html | titlePreview Online | accessdate=2008-01-10 }}'] ["Silvia Broome  is an interpreter working at the United Nations in New York. She was raised in the Republic of Matobo, a fictional African country, but has dual citizenship. The United Nations is considering indicting Edmond Zuwanie ([[Earl Cameron , president of Matobo, to stand trial in the International Criminal Court. Initially a liberator, over the past 20 years he has become as corrupt and tyrannical as the government he overthrew, and is now responsible for ethnic cleansing and other atrocities within Matobo. Zuwanie is soon to visit the United Nations and put forward his own case to the General Assembly, in an attempt to avoid the indictment. A security scare forces the evacuation of the UN building, and Silvia returns at night to reclaim some personal belongings. At that time she overhears discussion of an assassination plot, and runs scared from the building when those discussing the plot become aware of her presence. The next day, Silvia recognizes words in a meeting where she is interpreting from phrases she overheard the night before, and reports the incident to UN security; the target of the plot appears to be Zuwanie himself. They, in turn, call in the United States Secret Service, who assign Tobin Keller  and Dot Woods  to investigate, as well as protect Zuwanie when he arrives. Keller learns that Silvia has, in the past, been involved in a Matoban guerrilla group, that her parents and sister were killed by land mines laid by Zuwanie's men, and that she has dated one of Zuwanie's political opponents. Although Keller is suspicious of Silvia's story, the two grow close and Keller ends up protecting her from attacks on her person. Silvia later finds that her brother Simon and her lover Xola were killed . The purported assassin is discovered while Zuwanie is in the middle of his address to the General Assembly, and security personnel rush Zuwanie to a safe room for his protection. Silvia, anticipating this, has been hiding in the safe room, and confronts Zuwanie and intends to kill him herself. Keller determines that the assassination plot is a false flag operation created by Zuwanie to gain credibility that his rivals are terrorists and to deter potential supporters of his removal. Keller rushes to the safe room and arrives just in time to prevent Silvia from murdering Zuwanie. Zuwanie is indicted, and Silvia is expelled from the USA, returning home to Matobo soon afterwards."] ['Joe Turner  is a CIA employee  who works in a clandestine office in New York City. He reads books, newspapers, and magazines from around the world, looking for hidden meanings and new ideas. As part of his duties, Turner files a report to CIA headquarters on a low-quality thriller novel his office has been reading, pointing out strange plot elements therein, and the unusual assortment of languages into which the book has been translated. On the day in which Turner expects a response to his report, a group of armed men, led by an Alsatian assassin later identified as Joubert , executes the six people in the office. Turner escapes death because at the moment of the incursion, he was out of the office getting lunch. Realizing he is in danger when he returns to the office and discovers his coworkers\' bodies, Turner calls the CIA New York headquarters, and is given instructions to meet some agents who will take care of him. The meeting, however, is a trap, and Turner escapes an attempt to kill him. Needing a place to hide, Turner forces a woman, Kathy Hale , whom he sees randomly in a ski shop, to take him to her apartment in Brooklyn Heights. He holds her prisoner while he attempts to figure out what\'s going on. However, his hiding place is discovered. A hitman, disguised as a postman with a parcel that must be signed for, shows up at the apartment. Turner opens the door and a fight ensues. Turner kills the hitman. Realizing that he cannot trust anyone within the CIA, Turner begins to play a cat-and-mouse game with Higgins , the CIA deputy director of the New York division. With the help of Hale, Turner abducts Higgins, who reveals through questioning that the killer was a Frenchman named Joubert. Higgins discovers that the postman who attacked Turner in Hale\'s apartment was a former U.S. Marine Corps Gunnery Sergeant and CIA operative who had collaborated with Joubert on a previous operation. The mastermind of that operation, however, is revealed to be Leonard Atwood , the CIA Deputy Director of Operations and Higgins\' superior. Meanwhile, using material he found on the fake postman\'s body, Turner finds where Joubert is staying, then uses his skills as a former telephone lineman to trace a call Joubert makes from his hotel room. He then finds the name and address of the person Joubert called: Atwood. Turner confronts Atwood at his home late at night and questions him at gunpoint. Turner learns that the report he had filed had uncovered a secret plan to take over Middle East oilfields, setting in motion the killing of all the members in his section. Joubert surprises them, takes away Turner\'s pistol, and unexpectedly kills Atwood. The contract has now changed: even though Atwood had hired Joubert to terminate Turner before, Atwood\'s superiors have now hired Joubert to terminate Atwood. Turner is dumbfounded, realizing that Joubert and he are on the same side, working once again for the CIA. Joubert is disarmingly courteous, suggesting that Turner leave the country, even become an assassin himself since Turner had shown such resourcefulness in staying alive. Turner rejects the suggestions, but seems to take seriously Joubert\'s warning that the CIA will still try to kill him. Joubert even muses aloud on how Turner\'s killing would likely be carried out. Turner goes back to New York City and meets Higgins on a busy street. Higgins defends the oil-fields plan, claiming that there will be a day in which oil shortages will cause a major economic crisis for the country. And when that day comes, Americans will want the government to use any means necessary to obtain the oil. Turner says he has told the press "a story" , but Higgins questions Turner\'s assurances that the story will be printed. After a brief dialogue, an anxious Turner glances at Higgins and The New York Times office, then hastily walks away. The final shot is a freeze frame of Turner passing behind a Salvation Army band singing Christmas carols while looking over his shoulder back at Higgins.'] ["Harry Palmer , who has left MI-5 to work as a private investigator, is told by a mechanical voice on the phone to take a package to Helsinki. The package contains six virus-laden eggs that have been stolen from the British government's research facility at Porton Down. In Helsinki, he is met by Anya  who takes him to meet her handler, Harry's old friend Leo Newbigen . Leo is in love with Anya, but Harry knows that she is only pretending to reciprocate. Leo takes Harry to a secret room where a computer issues daily instructions to Leo and Anya. The computer speaks in the same voice as the one which summoned Harry to Helsinki. After determining that he cannot trust either Leo or Anya, he is captured by his former MI-5 superior, who coerces him into working once more for the British government in pursuing the conspiracy. Harry is ordered to Russia where he embeds with some rebels to obtain intelligence for Leo's operation. After being captured and left for dead, he is extracted from Russia by Colonel Stok , an old contact from the Red Army. Back in Helsinki, Anya tries to kill Harry while she seduces him. She confesses that the computer told her to kill Harry. Harry locks her in a room and waits for Leo at the computer's location. Leo offers to pay off Harry for his trouble, but Harry insists on getting half of the money Leo is getting from whatever the conspiracy is all about. The pair go to Texas where Harry meets oil tycoon 'General' Midwinter . The General proudly displays his billion-dollar 'brain', which is a room full of computers that dispenses orders to his agents all over the world. The General is in the midst of planning a rebellion in Latvia, which he thinks will trigger the fall of the Soviet Union. His plan is to infect the Red Army with the viruses, while using his Latvian agents to begin a rebellion as his own private army invades. Meanwhile, Leo subverts the General's computer orders and escapes with the eggs. The General realizes that Harry is a double agent, but he sends Harry after Leo regardless. Back in Helsinki, Leo and Anya board a train for Russia with the eggs, but Harry intercepts them, escorting Leo off the train with the eggs. Anya shoots Harry's bodyguards as the train pulls away from the station. Leo runs after the train, and he hands the eggs to Anya. As he tries to pull himself up, Anya pushes him off the train and shrugs as he looks at her in bewilderment. Leo then offers to help Harry stop the General's insane plan, which could trigger World War III. In personnel carriers made out of oil tanker trucks from his company, the General leads his private army across the frozen Baltic Sea into Latvia. Harry and Leo attempt to catch up with the General, who orders their car to be fired upon. Leo is killed. Meanwhile, Col. Stok is fully aware of the invasion and fires on the convoy, breaking the sea ice. The entire convoy falls into the freezing water, and all the vehicles and soldiers sink below the ice to a cold, watery, Baltic Grave. Harry awakes alone on an ice floe. Col. Stok arrives in a helicopter with Anya and the eggs. He gives the eggs to Harry and confirms that Anya is one of his spies. She bids Harry farewell, and he walks off the frozen sea back to the helicopter, Harry apparently now has a long walk. Back in London, Harry delivers the eggs to his MI-5 superior, who agrees to reward Harry with a promotion. However, when he opens the package to inspect the eggs, he finds that Harry has replaced them with six baby chickens."] ['An unnamed British ghostwriter  is recruited to complete the memoirs of former Prime Minister Adam Lang . His predecessor on the project and Lang\'s long-term aide, Mike McAra, died in an apparent accident. The writer travels to the fictional Massachusetts village of Old Haven on Martha\'s Vineyard, where Lang is staying with his wife, Ruth , and a staff of servants and security personnel. The writer is checked into a small hotel. Lang\'s personal assistant , Amelia Bly , forbids him to take McAra\'s manuscript outside, emphasizing that it is a security risk. Shortly after the writer\'s arrival, Lang is accused by former Foreign Secretary Richard Rycart  of authorising the illegal seizure of suspected terrorists and handing them over for torture by the CIA, a possible war crime. Lang faces prosecution by the International Criminal Court unless he stays in the U.S. or any other country that does not recognise the court\'s jurisdiction. As reporters and protesters swarm the island, the writer is moved into McAra\'s old room at Lang\'s house, where personal belongings have not been cleared out yet. Lang travels to Washington while the writer clears the room, finding an envelope containing clues suggesting McAra may have stumbled on a dark secret. Among the material is a handwritten phone number. During a bicycle ride around the island, the writer encounters an old man  who tells him that the current couldn\'t have taken McAra\'s body from the ferry where he disappeared to the beach where it was discovered. He reveals that a neighbour saw flashlights on the beach the night the body was discovered, but later fell off a ladder and went into a coma. The writer is later intercepted by Ruth and her security guard, who take him back to the estate. There, Ruth admits that Lang has never been very political, and until recently had always taken her advice. When the writer tells her the old man\'s story, she suddenly rushes out into the rainy night to "clear her head." Upon returning, she confides in the writer that Lang and McAra had argued the night before he died. She and the writer end up sleeping together. The next morning, the writer decides he is getting too intimate with his subject and moves back to the hotel. After finding some photos of Lang\'s college days, driving McAra\'s car, he uses pre-programmed directions on the vehicle\'s GPS that lead him to Belmont, at the estate of Professor Paul Emmett . Emmett denies anything more than a cursory acquaintance with Lang, despite the writer showing him two photographs of the two of them, as well as another one on the wall of his study. When the writer tells Emmett that the GPS directions to Emmett\'s house were programmed the night McAra died and that his predecessor visited him, Emmett denies any knowledge and becomes evasive. The writer leaves Emmett\'s estate, and he is followed by a car, but manages to elude it. The writer boards the ferry, but when he sees the car that had followed him drive aboard, with two men looking for him, he flees the boat at the last moment and checks into a small motel by the ferry dock. Not knowing who to turn to, the writer dials the handwritten phone number, only to discover it belongs to Rycart, who inquires about his whereabouts and indicates he\'ll pick him up. While waiting for Rycart, the writer does a Google search on Emmett and finds that, in addition to being a Pulitzer Prize-winning professor, he is linked with a military contractor through his think tank. He also finds leads that connect Emmett to the CIA as far back as the 1970s, when the agency recruited academics for the creation of propaganda material to be used abroad. When Rycart arrives, he tells the writer that McAra supplied him with documents linking Lang to torture flights. He also reveals that McAra had found something new before he died, confiding to Rycart that in case anything happened, the clues would be in the "beginning" of the book. The men cannot, however, find anything in the manuscript\'s early pages. The writer the reveals all of the information he found about Emmet, theorizing that he recruited Lang, to which Rycart agrees, saying that, for all his tenure as Prime Minister, all of Lang\'s decisions were aimed at helping the U.S. When the writer is summoned to accompany Lang on the return flight, he confronts Lang and accuses him of being a CIA agent recruited by Emmett and tells him that McAra was outing him out with Rycart. Lang derides his suggestions. Upon alighting the aircraft, Lang is assassinated by a British anti-war protestor, who is in turn shot by Lang\'s bodyguards. The writer is questioned by U.S. authorities as a prime witness, his passport withheld, though later recovered by his publicist. Despite Lang\'s death, the writer is asked to complete the book for posthumous publication, as in light of the recent events, it will be a best-seller. During the book\'s launch party in London, Amelia unwittingly tells the writer that the Americans tightened access to the book, as the "beginnings" contained evidence that threatened national security. She also tells him that Emmett was Ruth\'s tutor when she was a Fulbright scholar in Harvard. The writer realises that the clues were hidden in the original manuscript at the beginning of each chapter, and discovers the message, "Lang\'s wife Ruth was recruited as a CIA agent by Professor Paul Emmett of Harvard University." Ruth shaped Lang\'s every political decision to benefit the United States, under direction from the CIA. The writer passes a note to Ruth telling of his discovery. She unfolds the note, and is devastated. When she sees the writer raising a glass, she is kept from following him by Emmett and other assistants. As the writer leaves the party he attemps to take a taxi, without success, and as he crosses the street off-camera, a car accelerates in his direction, and sound effects and flying papers indicate that he has been hit.'] ['On a cruise ship en route to Copenhagen, Michael Armstrong , an esteemed American physicist and rocket scientist, is to attend a scientific conference. Once there, he begins acting suspiciously, eventually flying to East Berlin, where he is welcomed by representatives of the East German government. His assistant and fiancée, Sarah Sherman , follows him there, believing he has defected to the other side. Sherman, however, is extremely uncomfortable with this move, realizing if the apparent defection is in fact real, given the circumstances of the Cold War of the period, she would likely never see her home or family again. They are constantly accompanied by Professor Karl Manfred , who took part in arranging Armstrong\'s defection to the East. It soon becomes apparent to the viewer that Armstrong\'s defection is in fact a ruse to gain the confidence of the East German scientific establishment, in order to learn just how much their chief scientist Gustav Lindt  and by extension, the Soviet Union, knows about anti-missile systems. Armstrong has made preparations to return to the West. These plans are threatened, along with the entire escape network, known as Pi, when he is followed to the isolated farm home of his contact by Hermann Gromek , an East German security officer assigned to him. Armstrong kills Gromek, who is then buried by the \'farmer\'  and his wife . The taxicab driver  who drove Armstrong to the farm, however, reports Armstrong\'s suspicious behavior to the police. Armstrong visits the physics faculty of Karl Marx University in Leipzig, where his loyalty is suspected because of the missing Gromek. The faculty try to interrogate his fiancée/assistant about her knowledge of the American "Gamma Five" anti-missile program, but she refuses to cooperate and runs from the room. At this point, Armstrong secretly confides to her his actual motives, and asks her to go along with the ruse. He finally goads Professor Lindt into revealing his anti-missile equations in a fit of pique over what Lindt believes are Armstrong\'s mathematical mistakes. When Lindt hears over the university\'s loudspeaker system that Armstrong and his fiancée are being sought for questioning, he realizes that he has given up his secrets while learning nothing in return. Armstrong must make a harrowing escape, along with Sherman, with the help of the university clinic physician Dr. Koska . They travel to East Berlin, pursued by the Stasi, in a bus operated by the Pi escape network, led by Mr. Jacobi . Roadblocks, highway robbery by Soviet army deserters, and bunching with the real bus increase the suspense. The escape eventually leads to an alliance with the exiled Polish countess Kuchinska , and a typical Hitchcock setpiece, an escape through a crowded theater after being spotted by the lead ballerina , who bears a bit of a grudge.  Armstrong and Sherman hide in a crate of props belonging to a traveling Czech troupe. The troupe travels across the Baltic Sea to Sweden on a freighter. The ballerina makes a mistake in uncovering where Armstrong and Sherman are hiding on the ship, the wrong crates are fired on when already dangling over the pier, and Armstrong and Sherman are able to escape by jumping overboard and swimming to a Swedish dock.'] ['The film opens in 1922, as Joe O\'Reilly  attempts to console Kitty Kiernan , who is mourning the death of Michael Collins. The film flashes back to the end of the Easter Rising in 1916, as Collins , Harry Boland , Éamon de Valera , and other survivors surrender to the British Army. As the Dublin Metropolitan Police\'s "G" Division identifies the leaders, Collins tells Boland that next time, "We won\'t play by their rules, Harry. We\'ll invent our own." All the other leaders die by firing squad, but de Valera, an American citizen, is imprisoned in Britain. Collins, Boland, and the others are sent to Frongoch internment camp. After his release, Collins runs for a seat in the First Dáil. While giving a speech, the rally is attacked by the Royal Irish Constabulary. Collins is severely beaten, but is rescued by Boland. While recovering on a friend\'s farm, they meet Kitty, who begins a romance with Boland. Collins is tipped off by Detective Ned Broy  that the British plan to arrest de Valera and his Cabinet. However, de Valera forbids anyone to go into hiding, stating that the ensuing public outcry will force their immediate release. Only Collins and Boland escape arrest and imprisonment, and there are no protests. Left in command, Collins orders the IRA to begin raiding police barracks for weapons. He also issues a statement that all collaboration with the British will be punished by death. Collins then recruits a squad from the IRA\'s Dublin Brigade, which, on Bloody Sunday, assassinates fourteen members of MI5\'s Cairo Gang. In retaliation, the Black and Tans fire into the crowd at a Gaelic football match at Croke Park. Broy is caught burning documents and killed. Later, Boland and Collins travel to Britain and break de Valera out of Lincoln prison. Angry that Collins has overshadowed him, de Valera announces that he will travel to the United States to seek recognition from Woodrow Wilson, and orders Boland to accompany him. Before they depart, Collins informs Boland that de Valera fears leaving them alone together. After returning, de Valera decrees that the IRA must attack The Custom House. Collins argues that fighting conventionally will allow the British to win, but the Irish Cabinet votes to support de Valera. The attack fails catastrophically, leaving six men dead and seventy captured. In the aftermath, Collins declares that the IRA can only hold out for a month. In private, he tells Boland that the IRA will be lucky to hold out for another week. To his shock, however, the British soon call for a cease fire. Collins is ordered to London to participate in negotiations with the British, despite objecting that he is not a diplomat. After the signing of the Anglo-Irish Treaty in December 1921, de Valera erupts upon learning that the terms have been published without his agreement. Collins argues that the Treaty gives them the freedom to achieve the Republic. De Valera and his supporters resign in protest after the Dáil approves the Treaty by 64-57. Both Collins and de Valera try to sway the Irish people in their respective directions. Collins is attacked by an anti-Treaty Republican during a rally, but escapes. In the aftermath, he asks Kitty Kiernan to marry him and she accepts. When the people vote to approve the Treaty, de Valera refuses to accept the results and orders the IRA to seize the Four Courts in Dublin. Ordered by the Cabinet to retake the Four Courts, Collins is appalled at having to fight former comrades. Arthur Griffith, however, informs him that, if the Irish Free State Army will not deal with the IRA, the British Army will. In the subsequent Battle of Dublin, the IRA is driven from the city. Despite Collins\' attempts to capture him, Boland is shot by a sentry while trying to swim the Liffey. Devastated by Boland\'s death, Collins travels to County Cork. He reaches out to de Valera through an intermediary, asking for a peace conference. Without de Valera\'s knowledge, the intermediary informs Collins that de Valera will meet him at Béal na Bláth the following day. As a convoy of Irish Army vehicles approaches, IRA men open fire from a nearby hillside. Collins is shot and killed. Kitty is informed of his death just after trying on her wedding gown. Completing his story, O\'Reilly tells Kitty that Collins would not want her to mourn as long as she has. The film ends with a montage of footage from Collins\' funeral. A eulogy states that, although a career soldier, Collins died in a failed effort to remove the gun from Irish politics.'] ['During World War II, Wehrmacht Colonel Claus von Stauffenberg  is severely wounded during an RAF air raid in Tunisia, losing a hand and an eye, and is evacuated home to Nazi Germany. Meanwhile, Major General Henning von Tresckow  attempts to assassinate Adolf Hitler by smuggling a bomb aboard the Führer\'s personal airplane. The bomb, however, is a dud and fails to detonate, and Tresckow flies to Berlin in order to safely retrieve it. After learning that the Gestapo has arrested Major General Hans Oster, he orders General Olbricht  to find a replacement. After recruiting Stauffenberg into the German Resistance, Olbricht presents Stauffenberg at a meeting of the secret committee which has coordinated previous attempts on Hitler\'s life. The members include General Ludwig Beck , Dr. Carl Goerdeler , and Erwin von Witzleben . Stauffenberg is stunned to learn that no plans exist on the subject of what is to be done after Hitler\'s assassination. During a bombing raid on Berlin, he gets the idea of using Operation Valkyrie, which involves the deployment of the Reserve Army to maintain order in the event of a national emergency. The plotters carefully redraft the plan\'s orders so that they can dismantle the Nazi regime after assassinating Hitler. Realizing that only General Friedrich Fromm , the head of the Reserve Army, can initiate Valkyrie, they offer him a position as head of the Wehrmacht in a post-Nazi Germany and request his support, but Fromm declines to be directly involved. With the rewritten Operation Valkyrie orders needing to be signed by Hitler , Stauffenberg visits the Führer at his Berghof estate in Bavaria. In the presence of Dr. Joseph Goebbels, Wilhelm Keitel, Heinrich Himmler, Hermann Göring and Albert Speer, his inner circle, Hitler praises Stauffenberg\'s heroism in North Africa and signs the orders without fully examining the modifications, believing Stauffenberg\'s changes "are for the best". At Goerdeler\'s insistence, Stauffenberg is ordered to assassinate both Hitler and SS head Himmler at the Führer\'s command bunker, the Wolf\'s Lair. At a final briefing, Colonel Mertz von Quirnheim  instructs the committee members in the use of pencil detonators. Stauffenberg also persuades General Fellgiebel , who controls all communications at Wolf\'s Lair, to cut off communications after the bomb blast. On July&nbsp;15, 1944, Stauffenberg attends a strategy meeting at Wolf\'s Lair with the bomb in his briefcase, but with Himmler not present at the meeting, Stauffenberg does not get the go-ahead from the committee leaders, and by the time one of them defies the others and tells him to do it anyway, the meeting is over. Meanwhile, the Reserve Army is mobilized by Olbricht, unbeknownst to Fromm, to stand by. With no action taken, Stauffenberg safely extracts himself and the bomb from the bunker, and the Reserve Army is ordered to stand down, believing that the mobilization was training. Back in Berlin, Olbricht and Stauffenberg are threatened by Fromm that if they try to control the reserve army again he will have them arrested; Stauffenberg goes to the committee to protest their indecisiveness and condemns Goerdeler, who has been selected to be chancellor after the coup. When Goerdeler demands that Stauffenberg be relieved, Beck informs him that the SS is searching for him and implores him to leave the country immediately. On July 20, 1944, Stauffenberg and his adjutant Lieutenant Haeften  return to Wolf\'s Lair. To Stauffenberg\'s dismay, he discovers only after the timer has been activated that the conference is being held in an open-window summer barrack, whereas the plotters had intended to detonate the bomb within the walls of the bunker for maximum damage. While his adjuntant waits with the car, Stauffenberg places the briefcase with the bomb armed at the meeting as close to Hitler as possible. Stauffenberg then leaves the barrack, returning to the car. However, one of the officers at the meeting moves the bomb behind a table leg, thereby protecting Hitler from most of the blast. When the bomb explodes, Stauffenberg is certain that Hitler is dead and flees Wolf\'s Lair. Before shutting down communications, Fellgiebel calls Mertz about the explosion but cannot clearly convey whether or not the Führer is dead. As Stauffenberg flies back to Berlin, Olbricht refuses to mobilize the Reserve Army until he knows without a doubt that Hitler is dead . Behind Olbricht\'s back, Mertz forges his signature and issues the orders anyway. With Operation Valkyrie underway, Stauffenberg and his fellow plotters order the arrest of Nazi party leaders and SS officers, convincing lower officers that the Party and the SS are staging a coup. As Stauffenberg begins to take control of Berlin\'s government ministries, mid-level officers relaying the orders begin to wonder which side they should be fighting for. Rumors reach Berlin that Hitler survived the blast, but Stauffenberg dismisses them as SS propaganda. Meanwhile, Fromm learns from Field Marshal Keitel that Hitler is still alive. The General refuses to join the plotters, resulting in them detaining him. Major Otto Ernst Remer of the Reserve Army prepares to arrest Goebbels, but is stopped when Goebbels connects him by phone to Hitler. Immediately recognizing the voice on the other end, Remer realizes that the Reserve Army has been duped—rather than containing a coup, they have unwittingly supported it. SS officers are released and the plotters in turn are besieged inside the Bendlerblock. The headquarters staff flees, but the resistance leaders are arrested. In an ultimately vain effort to save himself, General Fromm convenes an impromptu court martial and sentences the conspirators to death, contravening Hitler\'s orders that they be kept alive. Given a pistol by Fromm, Beck commits suicide. That night, the ringleaders are then executed by firing squad one by one. When his turn arrives, Colonel Stauffenberg\'s last act is to cry "Long live sacred Germany!" A brief epilogue informs that the conspiracy of July 20th, 1944 was the last of fifteen known assassination attempts on Hitler by Germans. It also mentions Hitler\'s suicide nine months later and that Countess Nina von Stauffenberg and her children survived the war. The dedication at the Memorial to the German Resistance is then superimposed: You did not bear the shame You resisted By sacrificing your impassioned lives for freedom, justice and honor.'] ['Set in the American Midwest, the film begins with the murder of a Jewish radio host in Chicago. FBI undercover agent Catherine Weaver , alias Katie Phillips, sets out to infiltrate a farming community, suspected of harbouring those responsible. After receiving a warm welcome from land-owner and farmer Gary Simmons , his two children and extended family, she begins to believe that the FBI lead is erroneous. Throwing caution to the wind, she falls in love with Simmons, a Vietnam War veteran who appears to command the respect of the local community. A short while later, her suspicions are aroused by talk of family secrets and as more chilling events unfold, Katie is exposed to the fact that Gary is the leader of a Klan-like white supremacy group involved in heinous, often gut-wrenching, acts of racial violence. In too deep, Katie pleads with boss and mentor Michael Carnes ([[John Heard  to release her from the assignment, but he refuses, instead turning the screw on her mixed loyalties. Ultimately, she must betray either the man she loves or the country she has sworn to protect.'] ['The film opens with a hostage situation in South Dakota where FBI Agent Art Jeffries , who, as the inside man, protects a 15 year old kid named James while trying to talk a bank robber named Edgar Halstrom  into surrendering. However, the FBI task force kills the robbers and James. Jeffries confronts his superior, Hartley, who tells him he\'d report to Washington. An infuriated Jeffries punches Hartley for that and for James\' death. A cryptographic code called "Mercury" was created by the National Security Agency and allegedly so complex that its creators believe no computer on Earth can decipher it. Originally it was created during the Reagan Administration as a test to keep the United States\' highest priority secrets under wraps. One day, the NSA receives a message from a nine-year-old autistic savant named Simon Lynch  who calls a telephone number written in the code which was secretly published in a puzzle magazine by two of the creators, Dean Crandell ([[Robert Stanton  and Leo Pedranski , to see if anyone could break it. Crandell and Pedranski\'s division chief, Lt. Colonel Nick Kudrow  sees the boy\'s ability to decipher the code as a liability and rather than rectify the problem adequately, instead plans to silence Simon, sending a hit man, Peter Burrell  and his partner Shayes  to murder the boy and his parents, Martin and Jenny. After killing Martin and Jenny, Burrell searches the house, fails to find Simon, and leaves at the sound of approaching sirens . Jeffries, who has been demoted following a diagnosis of delusional paranoia, is sent to investigate what is initially thought to be a murder-suicide of Simon\'s parents. While investigating the scene, Jeffries finds Simon hiding in a cache of his bedroom closet and takes the boy under his wing. Jeffries begins to realize the difficulty of protecting, let alone questioning Simon, because of his impaired social abilities as a result of his autism, but the Chicago PD agree to assign a protection detail to Simon. The assassins try to kill Simon again at the hospital, but Jeffries stops them and kills Shayes at the Chicago \'L\' train. The situation is further complicated by the fact that nobody at the FBI believes Simon is in any danger, and Jeffries is soon framed by the NSA as a kidnapper, with only his best friend and fellow agent Tommy Jordan  aware that he did not commit the crime, since Jordan had been in contact with Jeffries when the incident began. Jeffries borrows Jordan\'s car  and takes Simon to his house where his parents were murdered the previous morning. Simon again calls the telephone number written in the code, and, after realizing that Simon is talking to Crandell and Pedranski, arrangements are made for a meeting at the Wrigley Building. The next morning, he meets a woman named Stacey Siebring  in a coffee shop and asks her to watch Simon for him while he goes to meet Crandell. Jeffries meets Crandell and they talk as they walk on a busy sidewalk. As Crandell tells Jeffries about the code and Kudrow, Burrell shoots him from behind and escapes from Jeffries following a chase. After the shooting, Jeffries goes back to the coffee shop, but Simon and Stacey are gone. He goes outside and spots them coming across the street. Stacey says she and Simon have become friends and Simon agrees. Jeffries and Simon then abruptly leave Stacey. Later in the middle of the night, Jeffries and Simon go to Stacey\'s place, asking for a place to stay. Stacey reluctantly agrees and tells Jeffries that she was going on a business trip to Des Moines to make the rent the next morning. Meanwhile, Pedranski turns to Jeffries for help, but shortly after he is murdered too by Burrell. However, he has managed to leave a letter detailing Kudrow\'s crimes, which his girlfriend, NSA analyst Emily Lang  takes to the FBI and Jordan discreetly arranges for her to meet with Jeffries to show them both the carbon paper used to type the letter, which, being covered in Pedranski\'s fingerprints is crucial evidence in its own right. After the meeting with Emily, Jeffries tells Stacey to call anybody for an emergency except the police, who were called off at the last minute, and gives her Jordan\'s number to contact if there was an emergency. While Jeffries introduces himself to Kudrow at his birthday party and demands that Kudrow leave Simon alone, Jordan under Jeffries\' suggestion arranges for Simon to go into Witness Protection. After the meeting, Jeffries contacts his friend and Jordan explains how the Witness Protection meeting is going to happen, though they are unaware that their conversation over the phone is being monitored by Kudrow. When Jeffries returns and finds Stacey and Simon gone, he learns from Jordan that they are fine and will meet them there, just as Jordan is given an order to head to the FBI director\'s office. Kudrow tries to have FBI SAC  Joe Lomax ([[Kevin Conway  help him stop Jeffries by using his authority and the fact that Jordan arranged the Witness Protection under false pretenses. He plans to have the NSA take over the protection for the meeting spot. After Kudrow leaves, Jordan shows the evidence to Lomax and despite his initial doubts, Jordan confirms that the fingerprint markings on it were Pedranski\'s, now fully validating the evidence against Kudrow. Jeffries, with Jordan and a small FBI task force\'s help, set a trap at the meeting spot. During the battle, Jordan protects Stacey, the FBI team take on Burrell, who gets killed when windows blow out and shards end up in his face, while Jeffries and Kudrow fight on the roof. Simon gives the FBI agent Kudrow\'s own gun, allowing him to take control as Jordan and the team come in. In a last-ditched effort to get Simon back, Kudrow grabs the screaming boy and is shot by Jeffries, then falls to his death. The film ends with Jeffries visiting Simon, now living with foster parents, at his school, who embraces Jeffries as a welcome friend, having finally accepted him as a person of his trust.'] ['As the U.S. Congress moves to pass new legislation that dramatically expands the surveillance powers of intelligence agencies, Congressman Phil Hammersley  remains firmly opposed to its passage. To ensure the bill\'s passage, National Security Agency official Thomas Reynolds  kills Hammersley, but he is unaware of a video camera set up by wildlife researcher Daniel Zavitz  that has captured the entire incident. Zavitz discovers the murder, and alerts an underground journalist, at the same time transferring the video to an innocuous computer disc. Reynolds learns of Zavitz\'s footage, and sends a team to recover the video. While fleeing, Zavitz runs into an old college friend, labor lawyer Robert Clayton Dean . Zavitz secretly passes the computer disc into Dean\'s shopping bag. Zavitz flees and is killed when hit by a car. Reynolds soon has the underground journalist killed. When the NSA discovers that Dean may have the video, a team raids his house and plants surveillance devices. Unable to find the video, the NSA proceeds to falsely incriminate Dean of passing classified information to Rachel Banks , a former girlfriend. The subterfuge destroys Dean\'s life: he is fired from his job, his bank accounts are frozen, and his wife  throws him out of the house. Dean, trailed by the NSA, meets with Banks, who offers to set up a meeting with "Brill", one of her secret contacts. After meeting an NSA agent posing as Brill , Dean realizes his error, only to have the real Brill, retired NSA agent Edward Lyle , ferry him to temporary safety, helping rid Dean of all the tracking devices he is unwittingly carrying. With Dean and Lyle in hiding, the NSA agents kill Banks and frame Dean for the murder. While Lyle is able to find evidence that the NSA executed the murder, it is destroyed during an escape from an NSA raid. It is then revealed that Lyle was an expert in communications for the NSA. He was stationed in Iran before the Iranian Revolution. When the revolution occurred, Lyle made it out of the country, but his partner, Rachel\'s father, was killed. Since then he has been in hiding. Lyle tries to coax Dean into trying to run away, but Dean is adamant about clearing his name. Dean and Lyle blackmail another supporter of the surveillance bill, Congressman Sam Albert  by videotaping him having an affair with his aide. Dean and Lyle "hide" bugs that Reynolds had used on Dean in Albert\'s room so Albert will find them and have the NSA start an investigation. Lyle also deposits $140,000 into Reynolds\' bank account to make it appear that he is taking bribes. Lyle contacts Reynolds to tell him that he has the video of the Hammersley murder and asks to meet. Dean tells them that the Hammersley murder footage is in the hands of Mafia boss Joey Pintero , whose office is under FBI surveillance. Dean, Reynolds, and the NSA team head into Pintero\'s restaurant, precipitating a gunfight that kills the mobsters, Reynolds, and several of his NSA team. Dean and Lyle escape, with Lyle quickly disappearing from the authorities. The FBI discovers the plot behind the legislation, causing it to fail, though they cover up the NSA\'s involvement. Dean is cleared of all charges and is reunited with his wife. Lyle escapes to a tropical location, but sends a "goodbye" message to Dean.'] ["In Time of Favor Manachem, a handsome, stoic soldier in the Israeli Defense Force, is offered his own unit, made up of fellow students from Rabbi Meltzer’s West Bank Yeshiva. At the same time, Rabbi Meltzer plays matchmaker with his daughter, Michal, and star student Pini. It’s no surprise that Michal, strong-willed and independent, prefers Manachem’s silent strength to Pini’s over excitement. The love triangle knots up and the political tension raises throughout the film until everyone’s allegiances are tested in the end. “This land of Israel is bought with pain,” says Michal, the Rabbi’s pale and skinny much desired daughter, as she looks out on the sandy mountains of the West Bank. Romantic love and patriotic love are both full of pain in Cedar's film. Set in Israel, Time of Favor moves from the country's barren desert to a secret underground tunnel system. The characters bathe in underground pools, run through 1800 year-old catacombs, and pray on large spreads of earth, where the barren nature impresses a sense of solemnity. Cedar’s Zionist upbringing is apparent in this highly religious film. Time of Favor handles the Holy Land with high regard and maintains a sense of solemnity throughout. The importance of prayer and tradition is stressed. Soldiers dressed in full uniform break from their training to open prayer books and raise their minds to God. The Rabbi’s religious position marks him as a strong authority in his community. He is trusted and respected, and his students, with total faith in him, follow his every wish."] ["Set in Washington D.C., this film documents an attempted power grab by White House Chief of Staff Jacob Conrad . Bobby Bishop  is a special aide to the president, and finds out about a plot to assassinate the president from a former professor. Bobby's old professor is quickly murdered, and he is left to try to uncover the conspiracy on his own. He recruits his journalist friend Amanda Givens  to help him uncover the mystery and stop the assassination. The movie involves several chase scenes and a harrowingly close assassination attempt at the end."] ['After the space shuttle Patriot crashes on Earth, a fungus-like alien lifeform is discovered on the remaining parts scattered over US territory. Once people get in contact with the organism, they are being controlled by it when they enter REM sleep. One of the first people infected is Tucker Kaufman, a CDC director investigating the crash. Tucker\'s ex-wife, psychiatrist Carol Bennell, begins to feel something is amiss when people seem to have "changed". Her patient Wendy Lenk describes how her husband "is not her husband", and one of her son\'s friends acts detached and emotionless. At a neighborhood kid\'s party, Carol\'s son Oliver discovers a strange lifeform. The mothers speculate if the organism is in any way connected to the reports of a fast-spreading flu. Carol takes the organism to her doctor friend Ben Driscoll to have it checked. Meanwhile, Tucker uses the CDC to spread the disease further, disguising the spores as flu inoculations. When Carol drives her son Oliver to his father Tucker, a terrified woman runs through the street screaming "They are coming!" and then gets hit by a car. The police are uninterested in taking a report from Carol who witnessed the accident. Later at a party of Ben\'s friend Belicec, Carol has a debate with Russian embassy member Yorish. Yorish argues that given the proper circumstances, any person was capable of any crime or atrocity and that a world without violence would be a world where human beings ceased to be human. Ben and Dr. Stephen Galeano, a biologist, discover how the spore takes over the brain during REM sleep. They also find that people who had brain affecting illnesses, such as encephalitis or ADEM, are immune to the spore because their previous illnesses prevents the spore from "latching on" to the brain matter. Carol\'s son, Oliver, is immune to the spore because of the ADEM he had as a young child. Carol decides to get her son, who might show a way to a cure, back from Tucker. Before she drives to Tucker\'s house, she joins Ben\'s team who are called to the house of the Belicecs in a case of emergency. There they witness Yorish\'s transformation. When Carol arrives at Tucker\'s house, he and several colleagues close in on her. He explains that the changed humans, devoid of irrational emotions, are offering a better world, and asks her to join them. When Carol resists, he holds her to the ground and infects her by spurting his saliva on her. She escapes and returns to Ben at the Belicecs\' house. They flee when Belicec returns with more transformed people intent on infecting anyone in the house. Galeano and one of his assistants head to a base outside Baltimore where they and other scientists attempt to find a cure for the alien virus. Carol and Ben separate to find Oliver, who texts his location, the apartment of Tucker\'s mother, to Carol. Carol makes her way to Tucker\'s mother, pretending to be one of the infected who are now in majority and systematically raiding the cities in search for the few non-infected humans left. Although she loses Ben, she finally manages to free Oliver and seeks refuge in a pharmacy. There she takes an assortment of pills, knowing that she and her son are safe as long as she doesn\'t fall asleep. She sends a message to Ben to let him know where to find her. Finally Ben arrives, but Carol realizes that he too has become one of the infected. He tries to seduce her to give in to the new society, but also frankly states that there is no room for people like Oliver who are immune. Carol shoots him in the leg with a pistol she stole earlier from a transforming policeman, and flees with her son. With the infected closing in on them, Galeano picks them up with an army helicopter at the last second. They head back to the base, where scientists use Oliver\'s blood to create a vaccine. One year later, most victims of the infection have been cured, having no memory of the events which took place during their illness. Asked by a reporter if he considers the virus to be under control, Galeano replies that a look at the newspaper headlines should be proof enough that humanity acted human again. At her home, Carol helps her son to get ready for school, while Ben, now apparently her partner, reads the morning newspaper. He expresses his dismay about the violence in the world. Carol remembers Yorish\'s remark that a world without violence would be a world where human beings ceased to be human.'] ["In October 1992, an elite group of North Korean soldiers are put through a brutal training regime. Under the auspices of their commander, Park Mu-young , they will be sent into South Korea as sleeper agents, to be reactivated at some later date. The most promising of the group is Lee Bang-hee, a female sniper who systematically kills several key South Korean government figures over the next six years. Over six years later, in September 1998, South Korea is searching for Bang-hee. The agent in charge of her case, Yu Jong-won  has nightmares about her murdering both him and his partner, Lee Jang-gil . Yu is also engaged to a young woman, Yi Myung-hyun , a former alcoholic and the owner of a fish and aquarium supply store. They are happy together, but Yu is worried that he cannot tell Myung-hyun about the real nature of his job due to his security clearance. Yu and Lee are contacted by an arms dealer who claims to have information about their quarry, but he is shot dead by Bang-hee before he can give them any information. After digging a bit deeper, they determine that he had been contacted by the assassin at some point, in the effort to acquire something. That something turns out to be CTX, a binary liquid explosive developed by the South Korean government. In its ground state, CTX is indistinguishable from water, but when placed under the right temperature conditions for long enough, a single liter of it can explode with enough force to level a fifteen-story building. The agents begin to suspect its intended use by the assassins, when Kim, a scientist working at a lab connected to CTX, is assassinated by Bang-hee. Park and his agents ambush a military convoy with several liters of CTX, killing all the soldiers and making off with the dangerous liquid before the agents could arrive in time to warn them. Later, Park calls Yu and issues an ultimatum: he has concealed several CTX bombs around Seoul, and will give him just enough time to find each one before setting them off. It is revealed that Park and Yu have a history: Park once hijacked a civilian airliner and killed many civilians, but managed to escape by disguising himself as a wounded member of the flight crew. The first of the CTX bombs is found on top of a department store, but Park lied about the time factor. The bomb explodes just as the bomb disposal team discover its exact location, resulting in dozens of deaths. Yu is devastated, as is Myung-hyun, who has begun drinking again. Yu realizes that there may be a security leak, and suspects Lee - who, ironically enough, suspects the same thing and bugged Yu's car and phone to see if he could learn anything. They set a trap - into which Park and Bang-hee step - but the situation quickly escalates into a firefight resulting in police and civilian casualties. Several of the agents are killed. Others, including Park, escape. Myung-hyun sustains an injury, which she tries to hide from Yu. Yu sees her dressing her wounds without her knowledge, and struggles to take in the true identity of his girlfriend was in fact Bang-hee. Mu-young  who forced her for never seeing Yu again Myung-hyun's identity is confirmed later when electronic surveillance devices are discovered in fish decorating Yu's office. Yu himself had suggested bringing in the fish, and his girlfriend had supplied them. Lee confronts her in her shop, and is shot by Park. Yu suddenly appears with officers, who engage in a firefight with Park and his agents. Park and Myung-hyun escape, while a dying Lee hands a soccer match ticket to Yu. The terrorists aim to detonate a CTX bomb directly over the Royal Box at a soccer stadium in the midst of an international friendly match played by a North and South Korean team. The agents were misled into believing the next CTX target was at the airport, while Yu realizes the ticket held by his dead partner means the bomb is actually at the stadium. He defies orders and rushes to the stadium, where Park, Bang-hee, and other terrorists mingle with the crowd. They find a total ban on all liquids, but enter easily as the CTX and weapons were already planted in the stadium beforehand. Bang-hee retrieves a hidden Steyr AUG from a restroom cubicle, while Park and his agents tail several patrolling South Korean SWAT officers who later adjourn to the restrooms. There, the policemen are killed and their bodies quickly dragged away. Myung-hyun advances into the grandstand with her rifle, while Park and three other men, now disguised as South Korean SWAT officers in uniforms stolen from the dead policemen, enter the stadium control room, killing everyone there and forcing the remaining staff to switch on the stadium lights to trigger the CTX. Yu arrives at the stadium, and is tipped off about the lights. A violent confrontation in the control room results in the death of all four terrorists, and the lights are switched off in the nick of time. Myung-hyun notices this, and fires at the VIPs, but misses her target. Chasing after the entourage, she kills several more SWAT officers along the way before being confronted by a large group of officers led by Yu. As she makes a last-ditch attempt to complete her mission, she is shot dead by Yu. Yu later learns that Bang-hee was pregnant with his child, and had left detailed instructions on how to catch her on his answering machine before leaving for the stadium. Yu then visits the real Myung-hyun, who is at a hospital for chemo therapy, and Myung-hyun explains to Yu how Bang-hee became a sister figure to Myung-hyun and how she loved to hear a particular song. Myung-hyun lets Yu listen to that song, and while listening to it Yu is captivated by the lyrics. The scene then fades, while Yu, still listening to the song, shuts his eyes."] ["The plot of Darfur revolves around six Western journalists who visit a small village in Darfur in western Sudan under the escort of a squad of troops of the African Union peacekeeping mission. When they learn the brutal state sponsored militia called the Janjaweed are heading towards the village, they are faced with an impossible decision: leave Sudan and report the atrocities to the world, or risk their own lives and stay in the hopes of averting a certain slaughter. While most of them flee back to their base, two of the journalists, Freddie Smith, and Theo Schwartz, decide to stay behind along with the Nigerian commander of the AU unit, Captain Jack Tobamke, to try to save the villagers when the Arab Janjaweed enter the village and begin to indiscriminally kill all the Black African men, women, and children. Despite their efforts to save some villagers, Captain Tobamke, Theo, and Freddie are all killed one by one in the subsequent shootout with the Janjaweed, but not after killing or wounding a few dozen of the savage milita. The surviving Janjaweed then burn the village to the ground and move on, presumably to continue their genocide rampage across the Darfur landscape. The final scene shows the female member of the journalist team, Malin Lausberg, who had fled with most of the other reporters and AU soldiers during the Janjaweed attack, now return to the destroyed village the next day with a group of AU soldiers only to find everyone dead, including two of her colleagues. But she finds an infant that Freddie protected by hiding under Theo's dead body as the sole survivor of the massacre. Malin takes the baby with her as she and the rest of the AU troops leave the destroyed village behind."] ["The film opens with Peppino as a small child singing the popular song “Volare” with his brother in the back seat of a car on the way to a family gathering. The family is one of good standing in the social community and they are celebrating the fact that they have such a good life. In this scene the relationship between Peppino and his uncle Cesare is established. His uncle is a Don or Mafia boss in the small town of Cinisi where the story is set. In a scene soon after the happy family gathering we see Don Cesare blown up by a car bomb which was planted by a rival Mafia boss. This ends Peppino’s time of innocence. Even as a small child he is thrust into the realities of life in the Mafia. After his uncle’s funeral he goes to a local painter, Stefano Venuti, who is also a very outspoken member of the communist party in Sicily, to paint a picture of Cesare. Stefano refuses to paint it but does not really give him a reason. He did not get along with Cesare when he was alive because of their great difference in political views but he cannot really tell this sad stubborn little boy why he cannot paint him. Stefano ends up taking Peppino under his wing and puts his stubborn persistent energy to use in the aid of the Communist Party in Sicily. The story then jumps to when Peppino is a young adult in his early 20s protestesting against the government expropriating land that belonged to local farmers to build an airport with his Comrades in the Communist Party. They all end up in the local jail where Peppino is bailed out by his father. After this incident Peppino brings Stefano an article he has written for a local propaganda newspaper titled “La Mafia è una montagna di merda” or “The Mafia is a pile of shit” which Stefano deems to be too extreme and very dangerous to publish. This is the point where there is a break between Peppino and Stefano. Peppino becomes more and more extreme in his hatred for the Mafia and his need to expose all of the corruption that is happening in the town. Peppino and his father get into a big fight because of this article and this begins break between Peppino and his family. Peppino’s next step to expose the Mafia was to create a radio station with his friends called “Radio Aut” which condemned the Mafia and told about Don Tano’s participation in the drug trade. At this point Peppino’s father is under a lot of pressure to make his son stop what he is doing. Peppino gets kicked out of his family’s house. His mother is still looking out for him. She brings him books and keeps him hidden from his father. Meanwhile Luigi cannot handle the situation that Peppino has created at home so he goes to visit his relatives in America. They tell him that they can get Peppino a job in radio in America if he wants. Shortly after Luigi returns from America, he has a conversation with Peppino and then gets hit by a car on his walk home from his restaurant. Peppino does not acknowledge his father's Mafia friends at his funeral. This was not unexpected from him and it was rude and dangerous. By this point Peppino starts to doubt in the people's commitment to resist the Mafia. He feels like he is all alone in his resistance. He decides to run for office in a local election running under a very small leftist party while continuing his radio crusade. The Mafia eventually gets tired of Peppino and decides that life would be easier without him. They have men follow him in his car one night and when he stops at a railroad crossing they drag him out of his car beat him until he cannot move, tie him to the railroad tracks with TNT and blow him up. His friends realize that something's up and go looking for Peppino. They cannot find anything until the morning when they find the police in the spot where Peppino has been killed. They can see the blood on the ground from where he was beaten. They protest vehemently to the police to investigate it as a murder  but the police, having been influenced by the Mafia, rule the case terrorist act, and then later on as a suicide and leave. At his funeral there is a huge demonstration of support from the many people who he had made an impact on in his ten years of anti-Mafia and Communist party work. Peppino Impastato was killed on May 9, 1978. The case was originally treated as a suicide and no one was convicted for his murder until 1997 when the case was reopened and Gaetano Badalamenti was convicted and given a life sentence for the murder of Peppino Impastato."] ['The film opens with the recreation of an actual event, the assassination attempt on the President of France, Charles de Gaulle, on 22 August 1962, by the militant French underground organisation OAS in anger over the French government\'s decision to give independence to Algeria. The group, led by Jean Bastien-Thiry, raked de Gaulle\'s car, an unarmoured Citroën DS, with machine gun fire in the Paris suburb of Petit-Clamart, but the entire entourage escaped without injury. Within six months, Bastien-Thiry and several other members of the plot were caught and executed. The remaining OAS leadership decides to make another attempt, and hires a professional British assassin who chooses the code name The Jackal ([[Edward Fox . He demands half a million US dollars for his services, so to raise the Jackal\'s fee, OAS members rob several banks. Meanwhile, the Jackal commissions a rifle disguised as a crutch and fake identity papers. As a professional, he spares the reliable gunsmith but kills the forger who attempts to blackmail him. In Paris, he sneaks an impression of the key to a flat that overlooks a large square where de Gaulle will make an appearance on Liberation Day. The French Action Service identify and kidnap the OAS chief clerk, Adjutant Viktor Wolenski  in Italy. They use torture to extract some elements of the plot, including the word "Jackal", before he dies. The Interior Minister  convenes a secret cabinet. When asked to provide his best detective, the police commissioner recommends his own deputy, Claude Lebel . He will have any resources he needs but must avoid publicity. One of the cabinet members, St. Clair , unsuspectingly discloses the government\'s knowledge of the plot to his new mistress , an OAS plant who immediately passes this information on to her contact. Lebel uses an old boy network of police agencies in other countries to determine that suspect "Charles Calthrop" may be travelling under the name "Paul Oliver Duggan" and that Duggan has entered France. The Jackal decides to carry on with his plan despite the fact that his code name is known. He meets and seduces Colette de Montpellier  in a Grasse hotel. Slipping away before Lebel arrives, he steals a Peugeot 404 that collided with his Alfa Romeo Giulietta and drives it to Madame de Montpellier\'s estate. After sleeping with her again and discovering that the police had talked to her, he strangles her. The Jackal then assumes a new identity as a bespectacled Dane, using a stolen passport. He drives Madame de Montpellier\'s Renault Caravelle to a station and catches a train for Paris. Once the Montpellier\'s servants discover her corpse and her car is recovered at the train station, Lebel is able to abandon his previous secrecy and make an open manhunt for a murderer. However, the Jackal makes it to Paris just in time, and avoids hotels by going to a bathhouse, where he allows himself to be picked up by a man and taken to the man\'s flat. At a meeting with the assembled cabinet, Lebel plays the tape of a phone call made from the house of one of the cabinet members. The cabinet hears St. Clair\'s mistress passing along information about the manhunt to her OAS contact. St. Clair acknowledges that the call was made from his house and leaves in disgrace. Another cabinet member asks Lebel how he knew which phone to tap, to which he replies that he did not, so he tapped them all. Lebel realises that the Jackal will most likely attempt to shoot de Gaulle in three days, when the president will make several appearances for Liberation Day. Meanwhile, the Jackal kills the man who picked him up at the bathhouse after a television news flash reveals him to be wanted for murder. On Liberation Day, the Jackal, disguised as an elderly veteran amputee, shows his forged papers and is allowed through to enter the apartment building he had cased earlier. He takes up a position at the window of the upper apartment. De Gaulle enters the square to present medals to veterans of the Resistance. Lebel meets the policeman who met the disguised Jackal and becomes alarmed. As de Gaulle presents the first medal, the Jackal shoots but the bullet misses him because at that moment the president leans over to kiss the recipient on the cheek. Lebel and the policeman burst in to the room, the Jackal turns and shoots the policeman, Lebel uses the policeman\'s submachine gun to kill the Jackal as he tries to re-load his rifle. Back in Britain, the real — and completely unrelated to the case — Charles Calthrop  walks in on the police in his flat. As the Jackal\'s coffin is lowered into a grave, the authorities wonder, "But if the Jackal wasn\'t Calthrop, then who the hell was he?"'] ["Chakravyuh is the story of two best friends: Adil  and Kabir .Adil Khan, a highly decorated police officer is posted to Nandighat, after a horrifying massacre of 84 policemen. Within days, he discovers that the Maoists, lead by the ruthless and charismatic Rajan , effectively control the area. They are able to swiftly thwart Adil's most determined efforts. Despite holding a position of enormous power as the SP of Nandighat, Adil has never felt so helpless in his career. But then, into his life, re-enters Kabir. Rootless, aimless, the quintessential rolling stone. His only anchor in life has always been his friendship with and his loyalty for Adil. The maverick proposes an outrageous plan: He will infiltrate Rajan's group, and be Adil's informer. And, together they will smash the Maoist organization in Nandighat. In spite of his apprehensions, Adil agrees. Sure enough, Kabir gets in and craftily wins their confidence, as only he can. He secretly begins informing Adil, who starts attacking the Maoists with great success. An enormous cache of arms raided, two top national leaders and 63 activists killed at an arms-training camp.. And, Rajan himself captured. Within weeks, Adil-Kabir turn the game, pushing the Maoists on to the backfoot. But, Kabir also begins discovering a different reality. The abject helplessness of the rural poor, brutally displaced in the name of development, the fruits of which never reach them. Their land, their forest, their water snatched by their own government to allow big business to exploit the area and its people further. As the poverty and desperation rise, so does a cry of anger. giving birth to the naxalite who believes the only way to counter this is with a gun. Kabir also can't help getting close to the activists; begins identifying with them. Rajan, Babu, Venu. And Juhi . A dedicated revolutionary with a tender heart, who has seen pain like none other. She begins to fall in love with Kabir. The confusion in Kabir's heart intensifies dangerously until he is on the horns of a ghastly dilemma. Who does he support now? Who does he fight? He finds himself in a chakravyuh from which there is no retreat now. And yet, before Kabir can make one last desperate attempt to resolve this with Adil, events hurtle him into making choices that would put him at war with him. A war that would change the future of the region. A war that can only end when one of them destroys the other."] ['The movie starts with a voice over stating that in an interview, President Lyndon Johnson was asked about the Kennedy Assassination and the Warren Commission report: he said he doubted seriously the findings of the Commission. The narration ends with the mention that the segment did not run on television and was cut from a program about Johnson.  The movie opens in June 1963 at a gathering of shadowy industrial, political and former US intelligence figures who are giving vent to their growing dissatisfaction with the Kennedy administration. The scene takes place in the plush surroundings of the lead conspirator, Robert Foster , presumably a Texas oil baron. He and the others are trying to convince Ferguson , a white-suited and mustachioed figure — a powerful oil magnate — to back their plans for an assassination of Kennedy. He remains unconvinced, saying "I don\'t like such schemes. They\'re only tolerable when necessary, and only permissible when they work." James Farrington , a black ops specialist, is also among the group. The film then cuts to an unknown location in the desert where a shooting team is doing target practice at a moving object. One of the shooters says that they can only guarantee the operation\'s success by slowing down the target to 15&nbsp;mph. The film intercuts between conversations among the lead conspirators, Farrington and Foster, and preparations for the assassination. The approval of the man in the white suit is crucial to the conspirators, although Farrington proceeds to organize two shooting teams in anticipation that he will change his mind. We then see sequences of the man in the white suit watching contemporary newsreel and becoming clearly concerned at Kennedy\'s increasingly \'liberal\' direction: action on civil rights, Nuclear Test Ban Treaty, nuclear disarmament. The deciding moment comes when he\'s watching an anti-Kennedy news report on the deteriorating situation in South Vietnam. It is followed by Kennedy\'s \'suicidal\' October 1963 decision  to withdraw all US advisors from Vietnam by the end of 1965, effectively ending America\'s direct involvement in the Vietnam War. He picks up the phone to tell Foster he now fully supports their project. While the motives of the man in the white suit are clear, the film attempts to cast light on the murky paranoid fears of the conspirators through dialogues between Foster and Farrington. They are primarily concerned about the future of America and the security of ruling class white people around the world. Foster forecasts the population of the third world in 2000 at 7 billion, \'Most of them yellow, brown or black. All hungry and all determined to love; they\'ll swarm out of their breeding grounds into Europe and America\'. He sees Vietnam as an opportunity to control the developing world and reduce its population to 550 million: \'I\'ve seen the data,\' says Foster, adding that they can then apply the same \'birth-control\' methods to unwanted groups in the US: poor whites, blacks and Latinos. At the end of the film a photo collage is shown of 18 witnesses: all but two of whom died from unnatural causes within three years of the assassination. A voice-over says that an actuary of the British newspaper The Sunday Times calculated the probability that all these people who witnessed the assassination would die within that period of time to be 1000 trillion to one.The number given in The Sunday Times article on February 26, 1967 was in fact 100,000 trillion to one. In response to a request by the House Select Committee on Assassinations in 1978 for a copy of the actuarial study, the legal manager for the Times replied that the article was "based on a careless journalistic mistake and should not have been published. This was realized by The Sunday Times editorial staff after the first edition — the one which goes to the United States and which I believe you have — had gone out, and later editions were amended … We asked [the actuary] the wrong question … what were the odds against fifteen named people out of the population of the United States dying within a short period of time … [instead of] the odds against fifteen of those included in the Warren Commission index dying within a given period," which they said would have been "much lower." HSCA Hearings, vol. 4, p. 463–465. Robert M. Musen, vice president and senior actuary at Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, estimated that the odds of 15 people out of 2,479 in the Warren Commission index dying within a three-year period, assuming a median age of 40, would be 98.16 percent, or one out of 1.2. Assuming a median age of 35, the number would be 57.09 percent, or one out of 1.75. Vincent Bugliosi, Reclaiming History , p. 1013–14.  The film postulates that Lee Harvey Oswald is being steered to become the conspiracy\'s \'patsy\'. The conspirators use a double of Oswald to shadow him in the weeks leading up to the assassination to leave behind a trail that the authorities can easily follow and link Oswald to the crime. The film makes no explicit link to US government agencies and the conspiracy, although the professionalism of Farrington\'s shooting team clearly indicates they have worked for the CIA on special assignments. The film implies that most of the law enforcement and government agencies were not involved, but just grossly inept: no special measures were taken for the president\'s safety in Dallas; there is no communication between the FBI, CIA and Secret Service on possible security risks; even the head of the Secret Service stays in Washington during the visit. This explanation helps understand why the authorities were so keen to pin the blame on Oswald, the rogue assassin, who is \'served up\' by the conspirators to the authorities as an easy escape from any accusations of their own negligence. The post-assassination conspiracy is also covered in the film. Farrington tells the head of the shooting teams, who at this point don\'t know who their target is, that after this job he and his men will never have to work again. All the assassins are black ops professionals trained never to talk about operations they are involved in. Each one is offered $25,000 per year for the next five years provided the operation\'s cover isn\'t blown. If the cover remains intact in five years time  \'every man jack of them\'  will receive a further $100,000 into their Swiss bank accounts. The head of the shooting teams then tells Farrington: \'You just told me who we\'re going to hit.\''] ["Joshua Lazarus  is a telepath who has been raised in an NSA foster home. Lazarus helps the government by using his abilities. He is told by the agency that the telepathy is a side effect of Widmann's Disease, and that he will become insane in time and eventually die from the illness. However, Lazarus meets a woman with similar powers  who does not have any sign of the disease, launching Lazarus to confront the lies he has been told.{{cite news}}"] ['In the early 2030s, the world is plagued by environmental blight. The United Kingdom is ruled by a totalitarian government under the fascist Norsefire party. The party sets up concentration camps where political prisoners, homosexuals, and other unwanted populace in general are exterminated by Britain\'s new fascist regime. Evey Hammond, a young woman who works at the state-run British Television Network, is rescued from an attempted rape perpetrated by members of the secret police known as the "Fingermen" by a Guy Fawkes-masked vigilante known as "V". He leads her to a rooftop to watch his destruction of the Old Bailey. Norsefire tries to explain away the incident as a controlled demolition, claiming the building was no longer structurally sound, but V takes over the state television broadcast the same day, exposing the lie. He urges the people of Britain to rise up against the oppressive government and meet him in one year, on November 5, outside the Houses of Parliament, which he promises to destroy. Evey helps V to escape, but is knocked out in the process. V brings Evey to his lair, where she is told that she must stay in hiding until the November 5 in the following year for her own safety. Upon learning that V is killing government officials, she escapes to the home of her boss, comedian and talk show host Gordon Deitrich . In return for Evey\'s trust in him with her very safety, Deitrich reveals to her an inner sanctum in his home housing a collection of materials outlawed by the government such as subversive paintings, the Quran, and to her surprise – homoerotic photos by Robert Mapplethorpe. Deitrich explains that even though she believed she was meeting him for a date that night V saved her from the fingermen, his intentions toward her was actually a cover under which he hides his actual sexuality. Rather than be his true self in the police state they live in, he has to keep up the expected image of someone who dates young girls such as herself lest he be imprisoned like all the other undesirables. One night, Gordon satirises the government on his television show. The secret police raid Deitrich\'s home, capturing him and Evey. She is incarcerated and tortured for days for information about V. She finds solace in notes written by another prisoner, an actress named Valerie Page , who was arrested for being a lesbian. Finally, Evey is told that she will be executed immediately unless she reveals V\'s location. An exhausted but defiant Evey says she would rather die, and is released. Evey discovers that she has been in V\'s lair all along, and that her imprisonment was staged to free her from her fears. She finds out Deitrich was executed for having a copy of the Quran. The notes were real, but they were passed by Valerie to V years earlier when he was similarly imprisoned. Although Evey initially hates V for what he did to her, she realizes she now feels stronger and free in spirit. She leaves him with a promise to return before November 5. Inspector Finch, Scotland Yard\'s chief of police, learns how Norsefire came to power and about V\'s origins in the course of his investigation. Fourteen years earlier, the United States had collapsed, due to being the victim of an unleashed bio-weapon, which was secretly and deliberately utilized by the people who would become the core of the group Norsefire. It is also mentioned later on that the United States is suffering another civil war between the Midwestern states. Britain suffered in the resulting chaos. Norsefire led a reactionary purge to restore order, during which "enemies of the state" — anyone who did not meet the Party\'s standards of "purity" — frequently disappeared. The country was divided over the loss of freedom until a coordinated bio-terrorist attack upon a school, a water treatment plant and a tube station resulted in at least 80,000 deaths. The fear generated by the attack allowed Norsefire to win the next election, thereafter silencing all opposition and turning the United Kingdom into a totalitarian state under High Chancellor Adam Sutler . A cure for the virus used in the bio-terrorist attack was later unveiled by a pharmaceutical company with ties to Norsefire. Finch comes to realize that Sutler and his now security chief, Peter Creedy , engineered the catastrophe to seize power. The virus was developed through deadly experimentation on "social deviants" and political dissidents at a detention centre in Larkhill where V had been detained with Valerie Page. Unlike the rest of the doomed prisoners, V gained heightened abilities and managed to escape when the centre was destroyed. Finch realizes that a string of murders involving high profile Norsefire party members are actually V taking revenge on those involved with Larkhill. As November 5 nears, V\'s various schemes cause chaos in the UK and the population starts questioning Norsefire\'s rule. V organizes the distribution of thousands of Guy Fawkes masks. On the eve of the 5th, Evey visits V, who shows her a train in the abandoned London Underground which he has filled with explosives to destroy Parliament. He leaves it up to Evey whether to use it, believing that he is unfit to decide. V then leaves to meet Creedy, who had made a deal with V to hand over Sutler in exchange for V\'s surrender. Although Creedy executes Sutler as V watches, V still refuses to surrender and is shot multiple times by Creedy\'s bodyguards. V survives due in part to his concealed armour breastplate, and kills Creedy and his men. Mortally wounded, V returns to Evey to thank her and admits he is in love with her. V dies in her arms afterwards. As Evey places the dead V in the train, she is found by Finch. Having learned much about the corruption of the Norsefire regime, Finch allows Evey to send the train on its way. Thousands of Londoners, all wearing the Guy Fawkes masks, and unarmed, march on Parliament to watch the event. Because Sutler and Creedy are dead and unable to give orders, the military stands down in the face of a civil rebellion. Accompanied by the "1812 Overture", Parliament and Big Ben are destroyed as Evey and Finch look on. Finch asks Evey for the identity of V, to which she replies, "He was all of us."'] ["In Cleveland, Ohio, a group of black men, some of them ex-co-workers from the steel factory, need to hide their good friend Johnny. Tank, one of Johnny's best friends, has problems with alcoholism, and almost gets Johnny in jail. The revolutionary group formed by the black men is going through a deeper radicalization, and they see Tank's inconsistent behavior as a menace to their revolution. In disillusionment with the group, out of money and unemployed, Tank seeks shelter at Laurie's house. She's seeing the representative of the welfare office. Tank feels bad because he thinks he should be supporting Laurie and her kids, and he gets into a fight with the representative, causing Laurie to lose the few dollars she made every month to feed their kids. She dumps him, and tells him to come back only when he has a job and money to put food on the table. When Tank is leaving Laurie's, a voice calls him from inside of a burnt house: it is Johnny, who had been hiding, and was looking for Tank. He tells Tank that he needs to see his mother before he flees from town. Tank urges him not to do it, but Johnny insists. They leave each other saying they love each other. Tank then meets Daisy, a homosexual who makes good money by informing the police about the activities of the black revolutionaires. Daisy brings Tank to his apartment, and shows him two photographs: one of them shows Tank fighting two police officers during a riot, and the other one is the picture of Johnny on a wanted sign. The police are paying $1,000 for a tip that leads them to Johnny. After an argument with the revolutionaires, who say that Johnny told them to get rid of him, Tank becomes enraged and goes after the police. The cops rush to the residence of Johnny's mother, while Tank goes to a bar and pays everybody lots of drinks. Tank wanders aimlessly around town, visiting the steel factory where he worked for 20 years, and also an amusement park where he shoots a cowboy puppet a few times and argues with some white people in front of some distortion mirrors. The police surrounds Johnny, and he tries to shoot his way out, only to be shot down by the police. Tank goes to his funeral trying not to raise suspicion, but his guilt makes the revolutionaires a bit wary. Tank tells them that Daisy was the one who sold Johnny to the cops, and Tank goes over to his apartment to tell him to flee. Two of the revolutionaires enter the apartment, and Daisy proves them that Tank was guilty. Tank is then submitted by a para-legal trial on an abandoned bowling alley, and sentenced to death by his ex-comrades. He manages to flee, and jumps over a train. Hiding in a small hotel, he calls Laurie, who visits him. He tells her what he did, and asks her to explain to him why he did it. He says nobody can explain to him why he killed his best friend. At the end of the film, Tank is followed to an industrial area where the steel company stores their iron ore. He waves and shouts at the two men who are in pursuit of him. One of them tries to shoot him, but feels bad about it and gives up. The other man takes the gun and fires 3 times. Tanks falls from the platforms where he is standing. His body lies in the iron ore pile. A giant excavator dumps several tons of iron ore over his dead body, the screen is filled with the falling ore until it turns black, and the words THE END fade in."] ['After the death of his family during a riot in Belfast, Niall Hennessy comes up with a plan to blow up the British Houses of Parliament.http://ftvdb.bfi.org.uk/sift/title/36138'] ['In October 1973, Control, the head of British Intelligence , sends agent Jim Prideaux to Communist Hungary to meet a Hungarian general who had promised to sell information. However, Prideaux is shot and captured by Soviet agents. Amid the international incident that follows, Control and his right-hand man George Smiley are forced into retirement. Control, already ill, dies soon afterwards. Percy Alleline becomes the new Chief of the Circus, with Bill Haydon as his deputy and Roy Bland and Toby Esterhase as close allies. They have been successful lately in getting high-grade Soviet intelligence material from a project of theirs called "Witchcraft". Control and Smiley had distrusted this project. Witchcraft material is being shared with the Americans, in exchange for valuable US intelligence. Smiley is brought out of retirement by Oliver Lacon, the civil servant in charge of intelligence, to investigate the claim by Ricki Tarr, an MI6 employee, that there has been a long-term mole in a senior role in British Intelligence. Control had held this suspicion as well. Working outside of the Circus, Smiley chooses a few men and begins to interview people who left the Circus about the same time as he and Control did. One is Connie Sachs, who had been sacked by Alleline after claiming that Alexei Polyakov, a Soviet cultural attaché in London, is a Soviet mole-handler. Another is Jerry Westerby, who had been duty clerk on the night Prideaux was shot. Westerby says that on that night he called Smiley\'s house for instructions, but Ann, Smiley\'s wife, had answered. Shortly after, Haydon arrived at the Circus and said that he saw the news on the tickertape at his club. Smiley realises that Haydon must have heard the news from Ann, with whom he was having an affair. Smiley comes home and finds Tarr hiding there. Tarr tells him that he had been sent to Istanbul to investigate a Soviet agent named Boris. Tarr found that Boris had no significance, but that Boris\'s wife Irina was also an operative and seemed to have information. So Tarr overstayed in Istanbul and started having an affair with Irina to gain her trust. Irina, however, knew who Tarr was, and asked to trade the information, the fact that a mole sent by a Soviet spymaster named Karla exists in the top ranks of the Circus, for a new life in the West. Tarr sent Irina\'s request back to London, but the reply did not come for several hours. The reply ignored Irina\'s request and said to come home immediately. Then, Boris, and also the British agent who was station chief in Istanbul, were both suddenly killed. Tarr saw Irina captured and being taken back to Russia. Tarr was subsequently accused of defecting and of murdering the British station chief, so he went on the run. Smiley tells Peter Guillam, an officer at the Circus but who is working directly for Smiley, to steal the Circus logbook for that night Tarr called: he finds the pages for that night are cut out, suggesting that Tarr\'s story is true. Smiley finds Prideaux, who was returned by the Russians but sacked from the service. Prideaux reveals that the specific purpose of the Hungary mission was to get the name of the mole. Control had codenamed the suspects "Tinker" , "Tailor" , "Soldier" , "Poorman"  and "Beggarman" . Prideaux tells how he was brutally interrogated and gave in, and also how he saw a blonde female prisoner being shot in front of him . However, says Prideaux, the Soviets already knew of Control\'s investigation into the mole, and were only interested in finding out how far that investigation had progressed. Smiley learns that Alleline, Haydon, Bland, and Esterhase have been regularly meeting Polyakov – the Project Witchcraft source – at a safe house to get material. At every meeting these men give Polyakov low-grade British material to help him maintain his cover with the Soviets, but one of these men, the mole, is actually handing over high-grade material, including material obtained from the Americans. The truth is, however, that Polyakov is loyal to the Soviets, and his job is to handle the mole. The Witchcraft material is mostly "chicken feed", with just enough "glitter" to persuade the Americans to share information with the British. Smiley gets the safe house\'s location by threatening to deport Esterhase, who was formerly Hungarian and remains a wanted criminal there. Smiley then sets a trap by having Tarr appear at the Paris office announcing he knows who the mole is and is ready to give the name. The mole hears this, and immediately arranges with Polyakov to meet at the safe house to ask the Soviets to kill Tarr. Smiley waits at the safe house and captures the mole: Haydon. At Sarratt, the Circus interrogation centre, Haydon reveals that he seduced Smiley\'s wife on Karla\'s orders, in order to distort any suspicions Smiley may have had of Haydon. Haydon also reveals that Prideaux confided in him about Control\'s suspicion of a mole right before Prideaux left for Hungary, since they were close friends. The Circus makes plans to exchange Haydon back to the Soviets, but Prideaux, having learned of how Haydon betrayed him, kills Haydon. Smiley is restored to the Circus as its chief.'] ["Ace Reporter Don Stevens  is an American journalist who goes to Beirut, Lebanon during the civil war. He stays in a hotel with English journalist Mike Jessop. He is promised an interview with a top PLO  leader Palestinian Yassin Abu-Riadd . However, this proves to be a set-up and he is duped into interviewing an imposter who claims the PLO are prepared to negotiate peacefully. Outraged by this deception, Stevens becomes determined to find out the truth. In this quest he is helped by a Scandinavian doctor, Linda, who it emerges is Yassin's estranged girlfriend. Along the way, Stevens is hindered by everyone around him: The PLO threaten him, the Phalangists arrest him and the Israelis ignore him. Tricked and beaten, he gradually uncovers a murder plot, double agents, the bombing of the Phalangists headquarters and, most terrifying of all, a plan to massacre hundreds of civilians. In a story that takes the lid off events in Lebanon, Don Stevens becomes a reluctant hero, and in doing so, gets the scoop of a lifetime!"] ['It is 1989, and the struggle against apartheid has reached its peak. The story starts when 16-year-old Otelo Buthelezi, his younger brother, Ntwe, and his best friend, New Year, are invited to the beach house where their new friend’s mother is a domestic worker. Watching Mandla Modise surf, they are taken into a world previously closed to them. It is exactly the opposite of the township where they live – a place under a constant and growing threat from political violence fuelled by Inkatha hostel dwellers on one side, and United Democratic Front comrades on the other. For the boys, who previously had a deep-seated fear of the sea, “flying on water” comes to represent freedom, and they are sold. Soon, everyone recognises that Otelo is truly gifted on the water, a surfing star in the making. An older white man, Kurt Struely, approaches the boys, certain of their potential. He invites them to his home to watch some professional surfers on video. He also paints an enticing picture of the life they could have if they learn to master the waves. With practice, Otelo soon outshines his friend, Mandla, whose resentment builds even more when Dezi, New Year’s younger sister, falls for Otelo. As the boys begin to win competitions, Mandla’s jealousy grows and eventually he betrays his friend. In exchange for money for a new surfboard, he sells Otelo’s brother out as a suspected informer for the apartheid security police. When Otelo discovers the truth behind his younger brother’s death, he has to make a choice between the money, glamour, girls and superstardom of international surfing and justice for Ntwe. On the day Nelson Mandela steps out of prison for the first time in 27 years, the young boy makes a choice that will change his life.'] ["{{Expand section}} Justin Quayle , a shy low-rung British diplomat and horticultural hobbyist posted in Kenya, is one to avoid making a fuss until he learns that his wife Tessa  was found dead on the veldt. Tessa has been murdered at a crossroads along with her Kenyan driver. Her colleague doctor Arnold Bluhm  is initially suspected of her murder but is later found to have been murdered on the same day as Tessa. Various rumours abound that the two were having an affair; however, it is later revealed that Bluhm was in fact gay. In flashbacks, we see how in London Justin met his future wife Tessa, an outspoken humanitarian and Amnesty activist, falls in love with her and how she persuades him to take her back with him to Kenya. As the mystery surrounding his wife's death unfolds, Justin is radicalised in his determination to get to the bottom of her murder. He soon runs up against a drug corporation that is using Kenya's population for fraudulent testing of a tuberculosis drug  with known harmful side effects and disregards the well-being of its poor African test subjects. Danny Huston plays Sandy Woodrow, the British High Commissioner on the scene. Bill Nighy is Sir Bernard Pellegrin, head of the Africa Desk at the Foreign Office and thus Justin and Sandy's boss. After finding out the truth about what happened to Tessa, Justin is killed at the place where she died. Justin's gentle but diligent attention to his plants is a recurring background theme, from which image the film's title is derived."] ['Lieutenant Colonel Nathaniel Serling  was involved in a friendly fire incident in Al Bathra during the Gulf War. He was an M1 Abrams tank battalion commander who, during the nighttime confusion of Iraqi tanks infiltrating his unit\'s lines, gave the order to fire, destroying one of his own tanks and killing his friend Captain Boylar. The details were covered up , and Serling was shuffled off to a desk job. Later, he is assigned to determine if Army Captain Karen Emma Walden  should be the first woman to receive  the Medal of Honor for valor in combat. A Medevac Huey commander, she was sent to rescue the crew of a Black Hawk that had been shot down. Finding them under heavy fire from an Iraqi tank and infantry, her men dropped an auxiliary fuel bladder on the tank and ignited it with a flare gun. Shortly after, her helicopter was also hit and downed. The two crews were unable to join forces. The survivors were rescued the next day, but Walden had been killed. At first, everything seems to be straightforward, but Serling begins to notice inconsistencies between the testimonies of the witnesses. Walden\'s co-pilot, Warrant Officer One A. Rady , praises Walden\'s character and performance, but was hit and rendered unconscious early on. Serling then sees Walden\'s medic, Specialist Ilario , who also praises Walden; by his account, Walden was the one who came up with the idea of the improvised incendiary. Staff Sergeant Monfriez , however, tells Serling that Walden was a coward and that he was responsible for destroying the tank. The members of the other downed crew mention that they heard the distinctive sound of an M16 being used in the firefight during the rescue around the other helicopter, but Walden\'s crew denies firing one during the rescue, as theirs was out of ammunition. When Serling visits Walden\'s crew chief, Sergeant Altameyer , who is dying of cancer in a hospital, Altameyer manages to get some words out, further confusing Serling, before self-medicating himself into unconsciousness. Under pressure from the White House and his commander, Brigadier General Hershberg , to wrap things up quickly, Serling leaks the story to newspaper reporter Tony Gartner  to prevent another cover up. When Serling puts pressure on Monfriez during a car ride, Monfriez forces him to get out of the vehicle at gunpoint, then commits suicide by driving into an oncoming train. After finding an AWOL Ilario, Serling discovers that Monfriez wanted to escape under cover of darkness, which would have meant leaving Rady behind. Altameyer was ready to follow his lead and Ilario was wavering, but Walden refused to go along, resulting in an armed standoff with Monfriez. When an Iraqi infantryman appeared suddenly behind Monfriez, Walden fired at him. Mistakenly believing he was the target, Monfriez shot back and seriously wounded her. Walden, however, regained control of her men. The next morning, Walden stayed behind to cover their evacuation, firing the M16. Monfriez deliberately lied to the rescuers, telling them that she was dead so she would be left behind. Altameyer, injured and unable to say anything but "no!", was ignored. Ilario remains silent, as A-10s napalm the wreckage. Serling presents his final report to Hershberg. Walden\'s young daughter receives the Medal of Honor in a White House ceremony. Later, Serling tearfully tells the Boylars the truth about the manner of their son\'s death and they forgive him for his role in it. In the last moments of the film, it is shown that Walden had transported Boylar\'s body away from the battlefield.'] ['Following the break-up of his marriage caused by his wife\'s affair with another man named Bullen , "Smith"  arranges to live on the Coromandel peninsula on an island owned by a Maori tribe. Meanwhile, political tensions escalate as an oil embargo leaves the country in an energy crisis. Tensions boil over into a civil war and guerrilla activity. However, Smith enjoys his peaceful island life and has little interaction with the rest of society. Smith\'s idyllic life is shattered when a bomb is exploded in a nearby town, and police arrive on his island to arrest him and search for illegal weapons. After they find a cache of explosives that Smith had been unaware of, he is taken to a police station where he is imprisoned, interrogated and tortured. He recognises one policeman as a former schoolmate, Jesperson  who then takes over the interrogation. Jesperson reveals that the Government regard Smith as a key leader of the guerillas and offers expulsion from New Zealand in return for a confession, or alternatively trial by a military tribunal with a likely death sentence. During a prison transfer, Smith deliberately forces himself to vomit to confuse his captors and escapes. He then flees the city, finding work at a small camping ground and love with a local girl. Happy to be outside the civil war again he blends in again until a US army unit arrives and takes over the camping ground. Smith clashes with the commander of the US forces Willoughby  and is suspected of being a rebel sympathiser. The arrival of Bullen  complicates matters further. As the US forces capture and kill more rebels, Smith is unwillingly drawn into participating in an attack on the military unit by Bullen. Fleeing the scene of the successful attack, Smith and Bullen are pursued by Government forces and cornered in a nearby forest. After Government forces surround the guerrillas and bomb their encampment, Smith and Bullen escape, only to be cornered by Jesperson and his elite squad. After Bullen is fatally wounded, Smith - wishing an end to what is happening - deliberatly provokes Jesperson into shooting him.'] ["Hidden Agenda depicts the investigation of the British assassination of Paul Sullivan , an American civil rights lawyer and political activist in Northern Ireland, whilst he was accompanied by a Provisional Irish Republican Army sympathiser. Investigator Peter Kerrigan' s  interrogations, assisted by Ingrid Jessner , the dead man's girlfriend and colleague, reveal that the two men were shot without warning, and that there is a mysterious tape recording involved in the killings. The tape was made by Captain Harris , who recorded senior military leaders and Conservative party politicians discussing how they arranged the rise to power of Margaret Thatcher. Eventually, Cpt. Harris gives a copy of the tape recording to Jessner, but British security forces kidnap and kill Harris, and blame his assassination upon the IRA. Without Harris to authenticate it, the tape recording can be dismissed as a forgery. At story's end, Kerrigan is blackmailed into silence about the wider conspiracy; Jessner still has the tape recording, and, presumably, will reveal it, but shall not be believed."] ["On his last assignment prior to resigning, burned out human rights activist James Rhodes  arrives in Tijuana to help oversee local union elections. While there, he becomes embroiled in the investigation of a mass murder in what appears to be a drug runners' tunnel on the Tijuana/San Diego border. He teams up with a local street cop  and a US official  all under the watchful eye of State Department attache Spader, eager to pin the killings on a drug cartel. But when Rhodes  links the human rights atrocity to the murder of two American teenage dirt bikers, he uncovers a web of corruption between a US corporation and the local police, only to realize that he himself has become a dangerous liability to those who pull the puppet strings on one of the world's most dangerous borders."] ['The film starts with a brief scene in Iraq where the Georgian contingent of the coalition forces saves the life of an American reporter Thomas Anders . After Anders loses one of his colleagues  in Iraq, he returns to Los Angeles but soon goes to Georgia on the advice of some of his friends in Tbilisi, who suspect that a large conflict is brewing. He, along with his cameraman Sebastian Ganz , delve deeper into Georgian life as conflict escalates and they get caught in the crossfire when an air raid strikes a local wedding they stumble upon. With members of the wedding party , and the help of a Georgian soldier  who had earlier saved them in Iraq, their mission becomes getting their footage of an atrocity by Russian irregulars out of the country. But they find themselves faced with international apathy due to the opening of the 2008 Olympic Games. Their flight leads them to the Battle of Gori. The film ends with a long series of testimonials from Georgian citizens who lost family members during the conflict; and explaining that despite promises to the contrary, Russian forces still occupy the territory living many people in Georgia displaced whose homes are either occupied or permanently destroyed.'] ['A joint military operation between Russian and U.S. special operations forces ends with the capture of General Ivan Radek , the dictator of a rogue terrorist regime in Kazakhstan that had taken possession of an arsenal of former Soviet nuclear weapons. A diplomatic dinner is held in Moscow to celebrate the operation, at which President of the United States James Marshall  expresses his remorse that action had not been taken sooner to prevent the suffering that Radek caused and vows that the his administration will take a firmer stance against despotism and refuse to negotiate with terrorists. President Marshall, along with his wife Grace , his daughter Alice , and several of his Cabinet and advisers board Air Force One to return to the United States. A contingent of news reporters are also aboard. U.S. Secret Service agent Gibbs , acting as a mole for a group of six Soviet ultranationalist terrorists led by Ivan Korshunov , sneaks them onto the plane disguised as a Russian news crew. Once in flight, Gibbs kills several secret service agents guarding the plane\'s armory, allowing Korshunov and his men to take the armory\'s weapons and equipment and seize control of the plane. The pilots attempt to land the plane at Ramstein Air Base in Germany, but are killed and the terrorists\' pilot takes control, diverting the plane towards Kazakhstan. U.S. Secret Service agents take Marshall to an escape pod in the cargo hold, while the rest of the passengers are taken hostage. Believing the President has escaped, the hijackers separate his wife and daughter from the rest of their hostages, planning to use them as leverage. At the White House Situation Room, Korshunov contacts Vice President of the United States Kathryn Bennett  threatening to kill a hostage every half hour until Radek is released. Meanwhile, the U.S. military locates the escape pod but finds it empty. Unbeknownst to the hijackers, President Marshall, a retired military aviator, veteran of the Vietnam War, and Medal of Honor recipient, stayed aboard the plane. He contacts the White House via satellite phone, and reminds Bennett not to negotiate with the terrorists. Marshall manages to overwhelm the men guarding the hostages and develops a plan to drain the fuel from the plane, forcing the hijackers to request mid-air refueling, which would drop the plane to a low enough altitude to allow the hostages to parachute out. Though his advisers insist Marshall leave, he refuses to go without his family. When Korshunov discovers the deception, he forces the plane away, causing the fuel to ignite and destroy the fueling plane, he then captures Marshall and a few of his advisors before they can escape. With Marshall and his family held hostage, Bennett is forced to contact Russian President Petrov to issue Radek\'s release. Korshunov and his men celebrate as the event is broadcast over the plane\'s speakers, but Marshall uses the distraction to free himself. While Marshall\'s advisers deal with the remaining terrorists, Korshunov grabs Grace and disappears to the plane\'s parachute ramp, followed by Marshall. Grace manages to get away, and Marshall wrestles with Korshunov, eventually forcing his chute, wrapped around Korshunov\'s neck, to open, pulling him out of the plane and killing him. Marshall races back to the communication room to announce his freedom just as Radek is about to board a waiting helicopter. When the prison guards attempt to recapture him, Radek tries to flee but is shot and killed. Marshall directs Air Force One back towards friendly airspace, but they are soon followed by Kazakh MiG-29s piloted by Radek loyalists. Escorting U.S. F-15s fend off the attack, including one pilot that sacrifices himself to intercept a missile, but the shrapnel from the explosion destroys Air Force One\'s tail controls, sending the plane towards the Caspian Sea. A nearby patrolling U.S. Air Force Special Operations Command MC-130E Combat Talon is called in to rescue Marshall and the others via zip-line; Marshall insists his family and advisers are rescued first. Gibbs, who had remained on the plane, reveals his betrayal and kills Major Caldwell, and attempts to save himself on the last zip-line crossing before Air Force One strikes the water. Marshall overpowers him, and grabs and detaches the zip line moments before the plane explosively disintegrates on hitting the water. The MC-130E crew reel in the President, and change their call sign to "Air Force One" as they head back towards friendly airspace, while Marshall is reunited with his family.'] ['Ten years ago, Jake Hopper  was a CIA agent who was stationed in Thailand. Then one day, things went sour, and his partner, Sunti  barely escaped with his life after accidentally killing a woman. Jake called it quits and returned to the United States when his wife died, and Sunti became a Buddhist monk to atone for his sins. For the past 10 years, Jake has run a successful private security business, and has been raising his daughter Jessica , who is now an adult. While hiking in Thailand, Jessica and her friend Sarah Winthorpe  are kidnapped. A group of Islamic fundamentalists known as the Abu Karaf claims responsibility. Sarah is the daughter of United States senator John Winthorpe. The Abu Karaf demand the release of 20 prisoners from American custody. Tom Collins , an ex-colleague of Jake\'s, recognizes Jessica on the ransom tape, and he tips Jake off. Jake knows that he must rescue the girls himself. An old CIA buddy puts Jake in contact with Leon Washington ([[Patrick Robinson , an active CIA agent who is working in Thailand. Jake goes to Bangkok, and escapes an assassination attempt by unknown forces. Leon arranges a meeting for himself with Soku—the internal security chief for General Jantapan . Jantapan is a rebel military general who is making a play to be one of the most powerful men in Thailand. Secretly, Jantapan is messing with some very dangerous spiritual forces. Soku provides Jake with a cover story, but the CIA wants Jake out of it because they\'re planning to take out the Abu Karaf with the aid of the Thai army, and they don\'t want a civilian in the middle. Jake is a spiritual man, so he contacts his spiritual master Paijan Paitoon. As Jake is in trouble, Paitoon offers to arrange a divination from the oracle of the order. He enlists the help of Sunti. Jake also gets Lulu , the girlfriend of arms dealer Fitch McQuoid , to steal information leading to the Abu Karaf. Jake and Sunti follow the leads to a warehouse where they discover evidence of highly sophisticated weaponry. With their enemies now after Lulu, Jake takes Lulu under his wing. He then shares some of his info with Leon—still testing the waters. Can he trust Leon? Another attempt is made on Jake\'s life—and this time, Jake\'s sure that Leon was involved. Finally, the Abu Karaf contact Jake to arrange a meeting—the pieces are coming together, and Jake figures out that it was not the Abu Karaf who kidnapped Jessica and Sarah. Jake gets his reading from the old oracle, and the cryptic message confirms his fears—demonic spiritual forces are working against him. Jantapan later goes to an evil temple and tries to send the spirit of an ancient warrior demon to kill Jake, but the ceremony goes wrong and the spirit enters Jantapan himself, giving him amazing but evil physical and spiritual powers. Jake and Sunti go to meet Mongkol , the leader of the Abu Karaf. Mongkol confirms what Jake suspects—ever since the terrorist attacks of 2001, Jantapan has worked to corner the narcotics and arms markets. He also said that Jantapan kidnapped the girls and blamed the Abu Karaf so the army would wipe out Jantapan\'s competition. Mongkol knows where the girls are, and he gives Jake plans and intelligence and they both need the girls alive. Jake must engage in a rescue effort that will put him to the ultimate test as he takes on Jantapan in a battle in which death may be the only ending. That night, Jake and Sunti plan to rescue the girls who are locked in a cell in Jantapan\'s house. After killing two gang members guarding the cell and freeing the girls, a horde of corrupt Thai policemen intervene and makes a deadly shootout but end up dead through the firearms of the two. Sunti kills the rest of the cops while Jake battles with Jantapan in the upstairs living room. Jake kills Jantapan by disarming him and inflicts several injuries in his body like breaking his neck. He ends the fight by throwing Jantapan in a display cabinet which crushes his spine killing him. Jake returns downstairs which is now full of dead bodies of Thai police and embraces the girls and then Sunti only to discover hes is fatally injured. Sunti wishes Jake farewell before dying in his arms. Suddenly, military forces led by Leon and their General enter but Leon orders them to hold fire after seeing Jake with the dead Sunti and kidnapped girls. After the battle, a Buddhist funeral with Jake in the lead is seen. Jake steps into the river and throws Sunti\'s ashes in the water. A vision of Sunti smiling fades in and later fades out. The last scene is a head show of Jake looking at the river and saying "Good-bye brother." The movie ends with words saying "In Loving Memory of our friend Trevor Murray" and the credits roll.'] ["The film revolves around Patrick Chamusso, a young, apolitical man  who is accused of carrying out an attack against the government, and an Afrikaner police officer, Nic Vos, played by Tim Robbins. Vos is in charge of locating the perpetrators of a recent bomb attack against the Secunda CTL synthetic fuel refinery, which is the largest coal liquefaction plant in the world. Patrick is unwillingly swept into Vos's investigation due to his inability to provide a satisfactory explanation for his whereabouts at the time of the bombing . Eventually Patrick, his wife, Precious, , and his family are tortured and savagely abused by Vos and Vos's subordinates. Desperate, Patrick says that he is willing to confess to a crime he did not commit to protect his family from torture. At last, Vos finally concludes that Patrick is innocent, and orders his release. Fueled by the anger at the injustices he and his family suffered, Patrick joins the Umkhonto we Sizwe, the guerrilla military wing of the African National Congress and becomes exactly what Vos had initially accused him of being. This decision was an act of revenge against the government for killing his friend, tormenting not only himself, but his wife as well. He attempts to execute a plan to attack Secunda, the refinery he used to work for, by first bombing its adjacent water supply facilities, and 15 minutes later triggering the main explosion within the refinery itself. This would allow the refinery's workforce to flee between the two explosions, and not be harmed. Also, the damage of the first bomb would reduce the possibility of successfully extinguishing the fire caused by the second, main explosion. Patrick succeeds in the first part, but the second bomb is discovered by Vos and deactivated. Patrick is arrested and sentenced to 24 years in prison, after his wife goes to Vos and tells him where Patrick is, because she fell for a simple trick in which Vos left photographs of Patrick talking to a female member of the ANC. Through her unjust jealousy she sells him out. He is released early due to the abolition of apartheid. Precious, who has remarried, is waiting for him and apologizes, and Patrick forgives her and he says he is sorry as well. Some time later, he has been trying to adjust to normal life but the pain he felt wouldn't leave him. One day, he sees Vos sitting out near a small body of water opposite to the side he and friends are on. He creeps over and through some brush sees that it is indeed Vos, and though a part of him wants to break Vos' neck, he decides that it is not worth it, and the real Patrick Chamusso is shown explaining that he told himself then and there that only through forgiveness would he truly be free. He left Vos alone, and went on to remarry and take in over 80 orphaned children in South Africa to provide a home for kids who lost their families during the apartheid struggles."] ['Set in the early 1950s in Saigon, Vietnam, during the end of the First Indochina War, on one level The Quiet American is a love story about the triangle that develops between Thomas Fowler, a British journalist in his fifties; a young American idealist, supposedly an aid worker, named Alden Pyle; and Phuong, a Vietnamese girl. On another level it is also about the political turmoil and growing American involvement that led to the Vietnam War. Thomas Fowler , who narrates the story, is involved in the war only as an observer, apart from one crucial instant. Pyle , who represents America and its policies in Vietnam, is an OSS  operative sent to steer the war according to America’s interests, and is passionately devoted to the ideas of York Harding, an American foreign policy theorist who said that what Vietnam needed was a "third player" to take the place of both the colonialists and the Vietnamese rebels and restore order. This third player was plainly meant to be America, and so Pyle sets about creating a "Third Force" against the Viet Minh by using a Vietnamese splinter group headed by corrupt militia leader General Thé . His arming of Thé\'s militia with American weaponry leads to a series of terrorist bombings in Saigon. These bombings, dishonestly blamed on the Communists in order to further American outrage, kill a number of innocent people, including women and children. Meanwhile, Pyle has stolen Fowler\'s Vietnamese mistress Phuong , promising her marriage and security. When Fowler finds out about Pyle\'s involvement in the bombings, he takes one definitive action to seal all of their fates. He indirectly agrees to let his assistant, Hinh , and his Communist cohorts confront Pyle; when Pyle tries to flee, Hinh fatally stabs him. Phuong subsequently returns to Fowler, and while the local French police commander  suspects Fowler\'s role in Pyle\'s murder, he has no evidence and does not pursue the matter.'] ["Neil Shaw is an operative for the United Nations' covert dirty-tricks squad, using espionage and quasi-ethical tactics to secure peace and cooperation. When a shipping container full of dead Vietnamese refugees turns up on the docks and China's ambassador is gunned down at a dinner celebrating a new trade agreement between China and the U.S., Shaw is framed for the murder and must evade the FBI and Triad gangsters to find out what is really going on."] ['While in post-production on a low-budget exploitation film, Philadelphia sound technician Jack Terry  is told by his producer that he needs a more realistic sounding scream and better wind effects. After leaving the studio to record potential sound effects at a local park, he sees a car careen off the road and plunge into a nearby lake. Jack dives into the water to help, discovering a dead man and a young woman, still alive, trapped inside the submerged car. He pulls her to safety and accompanies her to a local hospital. Jack learns that the driver of the car was the governor ; the girl was an escort named Sally . Associates of the governor attempt to whitewash the incident by concealing that Sally was in the car, and they convince Jack to smuggle Sally out of the hospital with him. Jack listens to the audio tape he recorded of the accident, wherein he distinctly hears a gunshot just before the blow out that caused the accident. He sees a television report that, seemingly by coincidence, Manny Karp  was also in the park that night and filmed the accident with a motion picture camera. When Karp sells stills from his film to a local tabloid, Jack splices them together into a crude movie and syncs them with the audio he recorded, becoming even more suspicious that the accident was actually an assassination. Unbeknownst to Jack, Sally and Karp were both co-conspirators in a larger plot against the governor. The gunman, Burke , intended that Sally also die in the crash. He begins murdering local women bearing a resemblance to Sally, whose deaths are attributed to a serial killer, "the Liberty Bell Strangler." Jack draws Sally into his own private investigation of the incident. She steals Karp\'s film of the car accident, which, when synced to Jack\'s audio, clearly reveals the gunshot that anticipated the blow out. Nevertheless, nobody believes Jack\'s story, and every move he makes is immediately silenced by a seemingly widespread conspiracy. Finally, Jack attempts to gather irrefutable proof of the assassination attempt, wiring Sally with a hidden microphone and sending her off to meet a purported media contact. Shadowing her from a distance, he is alarmed to see that his supposed contact is Burke, not the reporter. Sally is the last loose end for Burke to eliminate, and her death will be attributed to the "Strangler." Immediately realizing that she is in danger, Jack attempts to warn her, but Sally and Burke slip out of range and into the Liberty Day parade. Jack makes a mad dash across Philadelphia, attempting to head them off and rescue Sally. He crashes his Jeep, though and is knocked out. By the time Jack awakens, Burke has taken Sally to a rooftop where he attacks her. Still listening in on his earpiece, Jack spots them. He hears Sally screaming as he rushes to save her, but he is too late. He arrives just after Burke has strangled her to death and is marking her body with the Strangler\'s signature bell pattern. Jack takes Burke by surprise and tries to capture him, but Burke, laughing in his face, commits suicide. Jack, devastated and on his knees, then takes Sally\'s lifeless body in his arms. Ironically, Burke\'s death ties up the last loose end and the cover-up is a success. Jack begins listening to the recording of Sally\'s voice over and over again, becoming obsessed with it. In the last scene, Jack is back in the editing room and it is shown that he used Sally\'s death scream in the exploitation film. The producer is ecstatic that he found a perfect scream and plays it multiple times, forcing Jack to cover his ears.'] ["Dr. Sharon Golban  finds an ancient skeleton in Jerusalem in a rich man's tomb. Coloration of the wrist and leg bones indicates the cause of death was crucifixion. Other signs, include a gold coin bearing the marks of Pontius Pilate and faint markings around the skull, lead authorities to suspect that these could be the bones of Christ. The different reactions of politicians, clerics, religious extremists&mdash;some prepared to use terror to gain their ends&mdash;to the religious, cultural and political implications of the find, make life difficult and dangerous for the investigators as they seek to unearth the truth. Father Matt Gutierrez is assigned by the Vatican to investigate the case and to protect the Christian faith. Troubled by his case, he comes to understand that it is the Church that he is protecting and not the faith."] ['The film starts with the murder of District Attorney Vargas in Palermo, amongst a climate of demontrations, strikes and political tension between the Left and the government. The subsequent investigation failing, the police assign the protagonist Inspector Rogas  to solve the case. While he is starting his investigation, two judges are killed. All victims turn out to have worked together on several cases. After Rogas discovers evidence of corruption surrounding the three government officials, he is encouraged by superiors "not to forage after gossip," but to trail the "crazy lunatic who for no reason whatever is going about murdering judges." This near admission of guilt drives Rogas to seek out three men wrongfully convicted by the murdered judges. He is joined by a journalist friend working for a far-left newspaper, Cusan. Rogas finds his likely suspect in Cres, a man who was convicted of attempting to kill his wife. Mrs. Cres accused her husband of trying to kill her by poisoning her rice pudding, which she escaped only because she fed a small portion first to her cat, who died. Rogas concludes that he was probably framed by his wife, and seeks him out, only to find that he has disappeared from his house. Meanwhile another district attorney is killed, and eyewitnesses see two young revolutionaries running away from the scene. Rogas, close to finding his man, is demoted, and told to work with the political division to pin the crimes on the revolutionary Leftist terrorist groups. Rogas discovers that his phone is tapped. He seeks out the Supreme Court\'s president  in order to warn him that he is most likely the next victim. The president details a philosophy of justice wherein the court is incapable of error by definition. Music from a party in the same building leads to Rogas discovering the Minister of Justice  at the party with many revolutionary leaders, amongst them the editor of the revolutionary paper Cusan is working for, Galano, and Mrs. Cres. He and the Minister have a discussion, where the Minister reveals that sooner or later, his party will have to form a coalition with the Communist Party, and that it will be their task to prosecute the far-leftist groups. The murdering of the judges as well as Rogas\'s investigations help raising the tensions and justifying the prosecution of the far-left groups. Rogas also discovers that his suspect, Cres, is present at the party. Rogas meets with the Secretary-General of the Communist Party in a museum. Both of them are killed. Amongst raising tensions between revolutionaries and the government, who mobilize the army, the murder of the Secretary-General is blamed on Rogas by the chief of police. The film ends with a discussion between Cusan and the vice-secretary of the Communist Party, who claims that the time is not yet ready for the revolution and the party will not react to the government\'s actions. "But then the people must never know the truth?", asks Cusan. The vice-secretary answers: "The truth is not always revolutionary."'] ["The year is 1984. Captain First Rank Marko Ramius , is the commanding officer of Red October, a new Soviet submarine whose caterpillar drive renders it undetectable to sonar. Ramius leaves port on orders to conduct exercises with the submarine V.K. Konovalov, commanded by his former student Captain Tupolev . Once at sea, Ramius murders political officer Ivan Putin , the only man aboard besides himself who knows the sub's true orders. Ramius then burns the orders, pulls out phonies and commands the crew to head toward America's east coast to conduct missile drills. The USS Dallas, an American submarine on patrol in the north Atlantic, briefly detects Red October but loses contact once Ramius engages the silent drive. The next morning, CIA analyst Dr. Jack Ryan  briefs US government officials on the departure of Red October and the threat it poses. Officials in the briefing, learning that the Soviet Navy has been deployed to sink Red October, fear Ramius may plan an unauthorized strike against the United States. Ryan, however, hypothesizes that Ramius instead plans to defect, and leaves for the North Atlantic to prove his theory before the US Navy is ordered to sink Red October. Red October{{'}}s caterpillar drive fails at sea and sabotage is suspected. No longer silent, the sub comes under attack by Soviet forces and begins risky maneuvers through undersea canyons. Petty Officer Jones , a sonar technician aboard Dallas, plots an interception course. Ryan arranges a hazardous mid-ocean rendezvous to get aboard Dallas, where he attempts to persuade its captain, Commander Bart Mancuso , to contact Ramius and determine his intentions. The Soviet Ambassador, who earlier claimed that Red October was lost at sea and requested US assistance in a rescue mission, at this point informs the US that the sub is a renegade and asks for US help to sink it. An order to do this is communicated to the US Fleet, including Dallas. Bart Mancuso is conflicted about whether he should sink Red October as ordered, but Ryan convinces him to make contact and offer to assist Ramius in his defection. Ramius, stunned that the Americans correctly guessed his plan to defect, accepts their cooperation. He then stages a nuclear reactor emergency and orders the bulk of his crew to abandon ship, telling Red October{{'}}s doctor Petrov  that he and the other officers will scuttle the sub rather than let it be captured. Ramius submerges and Ryan, Mancuso and Jones come aboard via a rescue sub, at which point Ramius requests asylum in the United States for himself and his officers. Thinking their mission is complete, Red October{{'}}s skeleton crew are surprised by a torpedo attack from Konovalov, which has followed them across the Atlantic. As the two Soviet subs maneuver, Red Octobers cook Loginov , an undercover GRU agent, opens fire at the fire control, fatally wounding Ramius's first officer, Vasily Borodin  before retreating into the missile launch area, followed by Ramius and Ryan. Loginov shoots Ramius, but Ryan guns down the saboteur just before he can detonate a missile and destroy the sub. Meanwhile, with help from Dallas, Red October makes evasive maneuvers, causing Konovalov to be destroyed by one of its own torpedoes. The evacuated crew of Red October on board a US Navy rescue ship witness this explosion and, not knowing that there is a second Soviet sub, assume it was Red October. Their subterfuge complete, Ryan and Ramius sail Red October to the Penobscot River in Maine."] ["A brilliant and driven scientist, Jake Terrell, and his young and beautiful wife, Maggie, train dolphins to communicate with humans. This is done by teaching the dolphins to speak English in dolphin-like voices. Two of his dolphins, Alpha  and Beta  are stolen by officials of the shadowy Franklin Foundation headed by Harold DeMilo  the supportive backer of the Terrells' research. After the dolphins are kidnapped, an investigation by an undercover government agent for hire, Curtis Mahoney  reveals that the Institute is planning to further train the dolphins to carry out a political assassination by having them place a limpet mine on the hull of the yacht of the President of the United States."] ['The film is about Anton Ludvik, alias Gerard, vice-minister of Foreign Affairs of Czechoslovakia. He realizes he is being watched and followed. One day, he is arrested and put into jail by an organisation that declares itself "above the ruling party" and put in solitary confinement for months without being told the reason why. Through brainwashing techniques, including sleep deprivation, being forced to walk back and forth all the time, and drugs, he is slowly pressured into confessing imaginary crimes and treason and to repeat this confession in a public court. Years later, he meets his now demoted tormentor, who tries to downplay his role at that time. Yves Montand lost more than 15 kilos to play his role. Shaken by the 1956 events in Hungary the film was in part Montand settling a score with totalitarian communism and he said: " There was in what I inflicted upon myself [for this role] something of an act of expiation." Paris Match, p.63, 21 November 1991 No.2217'] ["In Tokyo, a minister of public works is rumored to be taking evidence of corruption to a reporter: the CIA, the yakuza, and others want to grab the information and use it to squeeze the government. On the subway trip to meet the reporter, the official is murdered, but it looks like a heart attack. However, no one, including the murderer, can find the flash drive with the evidence. Now the CIA, gangsters, and the city police are searching. The dead official's daughters are in danger: the shadowy John Rain, ex-special forces and perhaps now in league with North Korea, tries to stay one step ahead as he looks for the flash drive and protects one of the daughters"] ['Set in 1991, the film depicts the governments of the U.S. and China on the verge of a major trade agreement, with the President of the United States due to pay a visit to China to seal the deal. The CIA gets word that its agent Tom Bishop  has been captured trying to free an Englishwoman, Elizabeth Hadley , from a People\'s Liberation Army prison in Su Chou near Shanghai. Bishop is being questioned under torture and will be executed in 24 hours unless he is claimed by the U.S. government. If the CIA claims Bishop as an agent, they risk destroying the trade agreement. Exacerbating the situation is the fact that Bishop was operating without permission from the Agency. In an attempt to quickly deal with the situation, CIA executives call in Nathan Muir , an aging mid-level case officer on his last day before retirement and the man who recruited Bishop. Although they tell Muir they simply need him to act as a "stop gap" to fill in some holes in their background files, the officials are hoping he gives them the smoking gun they need to justify letting Bishop die. The CIA higher-ups are not aware that Muir has already been tipped off by fellow CIA veteran Harry Duncan , for whom Bishop had been working an operation in Hong Kong before going rogue, about Bishop\'s capture prior to Muir\'s arrival at the CIA\'s headquarters. Muir first attempts to save Bishop by leaking the story to CNN through a contact in Hong Kong, believing that the CIA will rescue Bishop once a public outcry puts pressure on them to do so. Unfortunately, the tactic only stalls them as a phone call to the FCC from CIA Deputy Director Charles Harker  results in CNN retracting the story. During the debriefing, Muir describes how he recruited Bishop for an operation when Bishop was a U.S. Marine scout sniper during the Vietnam War. Muir also discusses their tour of duty in Berlin, Germany in 1976 where Bishop was tasked with procuring East German assets with Muir commanding, as well as Bishop\'s spy work in Beirut, Lebanon in 1985 during the War of the Camps, which was the last time the two saw each other. During the mission in Lebanon, Bishop met Hadley, and they began developing romantic feelings for each other. However, it is later revealed that Hadley was involved in a bombing of the Chinese embassy in the UK, causing her to flee the country. Fearing that Bishop\'s feelings for Hadley might compromise his cover and the mission, Muir tips off the Chinese to Hadley\'s location in return for freeing an arrested US diplomat. Chinese agents kidnap Hadley, and Bishop cuts all ties to Muir when he discovers his involvement. After realizing Hadley was the target of Bishop\'s rescue attempt, Muir finally learns that he greatly underestimated Bishop\'s feelings for her. Running out of time, Muir secretly creates a forged urgent operational directive from the CIA director to commence Operation Dinner Out, a rescue mission spearheaded by Commander Wiley\'s  U.S. Navy SEAL team, which Bishop laid the groundwork for as a "Plan B" to his own rescue attempt. Using US$282,000 of his life savings and a misappropriated file on Chinese coastline satellite imagery, Muir enlists Duncan\'s help in bribing a Chinese energy official to cut power to the prison for 30 minutes, during which time the SEAL rescue team retrieves Bishop and Hadley. Bishop, who is rescued at the end of the film 15 minutes before his scheduled execution, realizes Muir was behind his rescue since the name of the plan to rescue him, "Operation Dinner Out", was a reference to a birthday gift that Bishop gave Muir while they were in Lebanon. When the CIA officials are informed of the rescue, Muir has already left the building and is seen driving off into the countryside.'] ["The film begins in the outskirts of rural New Mexico where an unconscious Frank Kavanaugh  is discovered by two local ranch hands. Suffering from a gunshot wound to the head, he is rushed to a nearby hospital in a small town called Black Point. Due to the extent of his injuries, Kavanaugh is placed in an intensive care unit under the care of a trauma nurse named Liz . After regaining consciousness, Kavanaugh is interviewed by Sheriff Kolb , however, because of his head injuries, he is unable to explain what has transpired due to a case of temporary amnesia. Given his condition, Kavanaugh is ordered to stay in the hospital for closer observation. Much to their dismay, Sheriff Kolb and his deputies are unable to find any clues as to what might have happened to Kavanaugh. After a thorough search of the crime scene, Sheriff Kolb returns to the hospital to find that Kavanaugh, in a violent and confused state, is claiming to have knowledge of a possible assassination attempt on the president of the United States. Dr. Conway  persuades Kavanaugh to remain calm and later explains to Sheriff Kolb that his paranoia stems from a delusional side effect of the amnesia. Amongst the added confusion, Kavanaugh experiences a myriad of images that could be pure fantasy or actual pre-amnesiatic memories. The most vivid image, one in which a dark, shadowy figure is seen talking with a mysterious woman named Ms. K , hints at various details of a possible assassination attempt involving key government parties. However, because of Kavanaugh's deranged state, he is unable to differentiate between realism and fantasy. Sheriff Kolb believes that there is some credibility to Kavanaugh's story and continues to question him. To further complicate matters for Kavanaugh, his fiancée, Chloe  arrives at the hospital and makes arrangements for his immediate release. It is then revealed through Chloe that she and Kavanaugh are actually from Chicago and that Kavanaugh works for the IRS. She produces documentation that verifies Kavanaugh's employment with the government, and further explains to Sheriff Kolb that she and Kavanaugh were in New Mexico on vacation. She also produces a seaside photo of Kavanaugh and herself walking on a beach as further proof that she is his fiancée. Kavanaugh still strongly believes in an imminent attempt on the President's life and later calls the US Secret Service and warns them of an assassination plot that will occur in Black Point within the next few days. Distraught over his situation, Chloe convinces Kavanaugh to leave the hospital with her, and she drives him back to the motel they had checked into a few days earlier. Incidentally, recent news updates reveal that the President and his campaign team have been touring the Southwest and will arrive in New Mexico within the next few days."] ["A man is snatched from the streets of his home city and transported to an unknown destination. Held in a tiny cell with no access to legal representation, he is cut off from the outside world. Advanced interrogation techniques are used to break him down. His life is deconstructed with such manipulation that even he begins to question his innocence. He is transported again, in a small jet marked only 'N379P', to the searing heat of an unspecified locale where interrogation is quickly replaced by sophisticated torture. No reason is offered for his detention and no timetable is set for his release. No governments are mentioned, no radical factions named, no fingers pointed. There is nothing for him to hang onto. The man has fallen out of the world, and only questions remain."] ['31 North 62 East tells the story of a British Prime Minister who gives up the position of an Special Air Service  unit in Afghanistan to ensure a UK £80 billion arms deal goes through, assuring his re-election. All soldiers in the SAS unit are thought to have died, until two months later, when one of them, a female captain, is found by Italian special forces and returns to the UK to investigate.'] ['Inspired by two actual events, one surrounding the death of Professor Chen Wen-Chen  of Carnegie Mellon University{{cite web}} in 1981,Professor Chen Wen-Chen Memorial Foundation and the other the 1984 assassination of journalist Henry Liu in California by Chen Chi-li and his fellow Bamboo Union members, Formosa Betrayed is the story of FBI Agent Jake Kelly\'s  investigation of the murder of Henry Wen , a Taiwanese professor in Chicago. With the help of his partner Tom Braxton ([[John Heard  and a sharp Chicago police detective , Agent Kelly discovers that the murderers have fled to Taipei, capital of Republic of China. Agent Kelly is sent overseas to assist the Taiwan government\'s search for the killers. Initially guided by an American diplomat  and a KMT official , he soon realizes that not only is he an unwelcome guest in a foreign land, but that something more treacherous is happening beneath the surface. With the help of Ming , a Taiwanese activist, Agent Kelly discovers the unsettling truth about the island, once described as "Ilha Formosa"  by the Portuguese, leading to dangerous and painful consequences. Agent Kelly finds himself on a collision course with the U.S. State Department, the Chinese Mafia, and ultimately the highest levels of the Kuomintang, where this FBI agent discovers how a complex web of politics, identity, and power affects the lives and destinies of all the citizens.'] ['Lee Winters is the widow of the Chairman and primary stockholder of Winterchem Enterprises, a chemical company, who is attempting to obtain financing of the purchase of a processing plant in Spain, while trying to determine why her husband was murdered. Apparently, her late husband discovered some damning information about an Account Number 21214, a secret slush fund involving asset transfers. Respected financier Hubbell Smith takes over as president of Borough National Bank at the request of First New York Bank chairman Maxwell Emery, in an attempt to have Smith discover the financial status of Borough National. Smith discovers that the bank isn\'t just in trouble, it\'s essentially so insolvent that it can\'t even pay its next dividend. It needs to find a customer who needs to borrow a lot of money and either loan the money or act as broker in the deal in order to raise some quick cash and stave off intervention by the Federal Reserve. One of the largest customers of Borough National is Winterchem, but because of federal lending limits, the bank "can\'t loan them a dime" but conceivably could be involved in brokering a deal between Winterchem and some other lender capable of loaning the approximately $500 million needed to buy the plant, and the bank would receive a 1% finder\'s fee for making the arrangement. Smith becomes involved, both financially and romantically, with Winters in her attempts to finance the purchase of the petrochemical plant and in the discovery of the mystery of account 21214. They finally do so by brokering a deal with some Arab investors who take control of her stock as security for the transaction. Smith later discovers that account 21214 is actually a slush fund where Emery is moving money belonging to the Arabs into gold as a safe haven against potential losses if the dollar collapses. The Arabs are extremely worried that if anyone finds out their assets will vanish in a public panic as American currency becomes worthless. Winters also discovers the Arabs are behind account 21214, and wants her stock back in exchange for her silence; she has overheard part of Smith\'s conversation with Emery and mistakenly believes he was double-crossing her. A fake limo driver who is actually working for the Arab investors tries to kidnap her with the intent of killing her—as it turns out they did to her husband—to prevent her from disclosing what she knows, and when the attempt on her life fails, the Arabs panic and pull all of their money out of every bank in America, and possibly the entire world. The globe is gripped by panic and rioting occur as people discover all of their money is now worthless. Emery is shown in his office - dead, an apparent suicide. The economic crisis paralyzes the world, but by spilling over boundaries between east and west blocs, and between developing and industrialized nations, it also unites the world in common cause. In the penultimate scene, workers at Borough National stand idle while listening to a report of the growing economic crisis. As the camera pans across the trading floor of the bank, the viewer sees that it\'s now empty of workers, the lights off, the desks and machines covered - completely inactive. Only Smith remains. Winters joins him in the final scene. Smith tells her that he\'s looking for a way to start anew. Winters offers to become his partner.'] ['In 1978, Kate Melendez  is a television news reporter who investigates the mysterious deaths of two radical Puerto Rican activists. The government claims they were terrorists while others claim the two were merely student activists. Despite threats to her own life, Melendez investigates the deaths, gradually leading her to conclude that undercover American agents were responsible for framing the activists as terrorists, and then murdering them.'] ["Set in Europe and the Middle East, the plot follows the Mossad's clandestine attempt to flush out a PLO bomber named Khalil. To capture him, they kidnap and later kill his brother, then recruit an anti-Zionist American actress named Charlie to impersonate the dead man's girlfriend, hoping Khalil will contact her. Charlie does everything the Mossad asks of her, but as she goes deeply undercover, she questions just how far she should go before reaching a point where she is unable to escape."] ["Luis Denard, a former concert musician, Charles Boyer, is a Nationalist, in the midst of the Spanish Civil War. He travels to England to secure supplies, where is threatened by suspicion and Fascist agents. He finds unexpected help when he meets young socialite Rose Cullen, Lauren Bacall, whose Father, Lord Benditch, Holmes Herbert, is one of the men Denard is trying to meet. Everything seems to go wrong, when he’s mugged, and laid out cold. Not knowing who to trust, he enlists the aid of the young maid Else, Wanda Hendrix. Then, he runs into Contreras, Peter Lorre, and Mrs. Melandy, Katina Paxinou, Oscar winner, in 1943's For Whom the Bell Tolls. It’s a convoluted race to the end.http://shop.tcm.com/confidential-agent-dvd/detail.php?p=356570"] ["{{plot}} In a restroom in the White House in Washington, D.C., a janitor finds White House secretary Carla Town  dead. Metropolitan Police homicide Detective Harlan Regis , whose apartment house is awaiting demolition in favor of a parking lot, is put on the case. At the White House, Regis is introduced to U.S. Secret Service director Nick Spikings , U.S. National Security Advisor Alvin Jordan  and Secret Service agent Nina Chance . Spikings assigns Nina, a former Olympic gold-class sharpshooter, to keep an eye on Regis. Parallel to this, the White House has to deal with an impending international crisis: U.S. President Jack Neil  has been trying to deal with a situation where Americans are being held hostage in North Korea, and some people - including several members of his inner circle including Vice President Gordon Dylan - think the President is not handling it the right way. Some people think Jack should send troops to North Korea to rescue the hostages. Regis and Nina discover that Carla had an appointment in New York City and a flight from New York to the Virgin Islands, with no intention of returning to the U.S.. Coroner Jimmy Foley ([[Richard Blackburn  then tells Regis and Nina that whoever had sex with Carla on the night of the murder used a condom, meaning that no DNA was left. White House janitor Cory Allen Luchessi  was apparently unaccounted for on the night of the murder and had once attempted to make a pass at Carla; he is arrested and questioned, but his testimony and a clearly set-up piece of evidence lead Regis to suspect that the Secret Service may be involved. That night, Regis finds his apartment burglarized; the culprit escapes, and in a subsequent search, a hidden bug is found. In a picture of Carla, Regis sees Secret Service agent Burton Cash , the Secret Service agent assigned to Kyle Neil , the son of Jack Neil and First Lady Kitty Neil . Regis figures out that it was Kyle who had sex with Carla on the night of the murder. At the dance club, Regis talks to a young woman who says that Kyle once bragged that he shared Carla with his father. Carla's uncle's company, Brookline Associates, is Jack's leading East Coast fundraiser and Brookline also owns the apartment Carla lived in. Regis eventually discovers that Nina once used to be Kyle's bodyguard herself. When he confronts her, Nina explains that one night, she heard noises coming from Kyle's apartment, went in, and found Kyle beating up his girlfriend. Nina asked to be reassigned and was replaced by Burton Cash, and the Secret Service covered up the beating for Kyle so he wouldn't get arrested for assault & battery. This sparks Regis' suspicion that Kyle may actually be Carla's murderer. On the next day, Nina decides to forgo her duty and sneaks into the archive storage where she appropriates several pieces of evidence from Town's leftover possessions. Spikings finds out about this and sends Agent Cooper ([[Tom Wright  to look for Nina, who successfully avoids Cooper. She meets Regis and tells him that Carla, according to a note in an appointment book, had an appointment in New York with Craig Nisker & Associates, who have sold 5 of the top 10 scandal memoirs of all time, and they know that the appointment would be a good motive for Kyle to kill Carla. They also discover that the President and his wife were in the White House at the time of the murder, not at Camp David, like they said they were. Since Jack had also slept with Carla, he would have the same motive Kyle would have for preventing a public scandal. Regis confronts Kyle with his suspicions, who claims that he did not murder Carla, but is able to provide a special piece of information: among the bookings she made, Carla has supposedly also ordered a car - with the only hitch being that she had had no driver's license. Later on, Regis and Nina discover that the most recent entries in Carla's appointment book were forged. With some clues left by Alvin Jordan, Regis manages to find out that Spikings has withheld several surveillance video tapes from the night of the murder. Regis goes to Spikings's residence to question him, and Spikings is willing to show him the tape but is instantly killed by a sniper. Regis and Nina eventually discover that Alvin Jordan is behind everything, but things get the more difficult for them as Jordan has now framed Regis and Nina as traitors. Jordan wants Jack to resign so Dylan  can take over as President, because Dylan would not be afraid to send troops to North Korea to rescue the hostages, and Jordan believes that Jack's refusal to rescue the hostages by force makes Jack unfit to be President. Regis, Nina, and Regis's partner and friend Stengel  enter the White House tunnels while Jordan still tries to make sure Dylan can take over as President. In the tunnels, the sniper who killed Spikings for Jordan pursues them and wounds Stengel, but Nina manages to kill him. Pursued by the Secret Service, Regis just barely manages to get in contact with the President and present him with the evidence of Jordan's conspiracy. Jordan attempts to shoot the President, only for his shot to be intercepted by Nina. Jordan is then killed by the Secret Service. Nina and Stengel are brought to a hospital, where they recover from their injuries. In gratitude for his rescue, the President promises Regis to look into the commission who bought Regis's building."] ['The film begins with a fictional broadcast from the network CVN\'s nightly program, starring Don Tobin , with reports from correspondents Michael Boyle  and Dorian Waldorf , which discusses a terrorist bombing of the American embassy in Saudi Arabia that killed the American ambassador. It then recaps the previous week, which began with a global banking crisis caused by several South American countries defaulting on their loans, and leading to turmoil in the Middle East. Before the unrest spread to Saudi Arabia, Soviet-backed militants led a coup in Oman when the Omani economy collapsed. Shortly after, a new report shows that the banking crisis may soon begin to ease. The following day, it is revealed that a large military operation was launched to keep the peace in Saudi Arabia, with many American soldiers, ships, and planes being sent at King Fahd\'s request. This move was heavily criticized both abroad and domestic. In response to this move, which the Soviet Union saw as provocative, the Soviet-backed puppet government in Oman imposes a $10,000 toll for every oil tanker who wished to pass through the Strait of Hormuz into the Persian Gulf. The Soviet government claimed it would remove the toll if the Americans withdrew their troops from Saudi Arabia. The captains of the tankers refuse to pay the toll, effectively creating an economic blockade in which no oil could be transported through the Persian Gulf. A breaking news alert on the fifth day of the Middle East crisis reveals that a short battle between American warplanes and unidentified enemy warplanes, presumed to be from Iran or Kuwait, took place, in which one American reconnaissance plane was shot down over the Persian Gulf before two of the five attacking planes were shot down. The attacking aircraft were believed to be aiming for the oil refinery in Ras Tanura, in retaliation for Saudi Arabia\'s requesting of American troops. On day six of the crisis, an American aircraft carrier, the USS Nimitz, and its battle group, armed with both nuclear and non-nuclear weapons, are sent by the President to the Persian Gulf to ensure the free passage of oil tankers in the region. The Soviet Union quickly responds to this action by sending submarines to the Persian Gulf. CVN sends Michael Boyle to the Nimitz to cover the deployment. On day eight of the crisis, in response to the growing urgency of the situation, CVN begins to broadcast 24 hours a day until further notice. On day nine, the crisis deepened on when an Omani gunboat attacks and apparently destroys an unarmed Dutch vessel which tried to go through the Strait of Hormuz; the CVN broadcast also notes the presence of Soviet attack subs  near the site of the attack. At this point, people begin to evacuate cities, overseas air travel is suspended by the FAA, many schools begin closing, the Strategic Air Command redeploys B-52 bombers throughout the nation\'s airports, and people are urged to stay off their phones. By nightfall, an evacuation of the White House is ordered. During the night, a battle erupts between Omani gunboats and the U.S. Navy in the Strait of Hormuz, with an Omani gunboat firing first and disabling an American warship, then subsequently being destroyed. Despite the gravity of the situation, Tobin discusses his optimistic viewpoint of the situation with correspondent Eric Sevareid, believing that, "Reasonable people, once they\'ve looked the Devil in the face, aren\'t going to shake hands with him." Shortly after the Omani gunboat exchanged fire with the American ship, a Russian submarine slips through the perimeter of American ships and is tracked towards the USS Nimitz, which begins exploding depth charges towards the submarine before eventually firing a nuclear depth bomb on the submarine when it gets too close. Shortly thereafter, a nuclear weapon  is launched at the battle group, causing an unknown level of damage, while not apparently sinking the Nimitz. Shortly thereafter, the Nimitz loses contact with CVN. At this point, the White House is completely evacuated, with the President, Joint Chiefs of Staff, and other White House officials evacuated onto the airborne command center Looking Glass, and the Emergency Broadcast System is activated. In the moments before CVN\'s broadcast is transferred over to the Emergency Broadcast System, Tobin reiterates his optimism, discussing the opinions of a deceased colleague who was considered an expert in nuclear war scenarios. His colleague held the belief that a nuclear exchange would someday take place, but when the two superpowers were confronted with the horror of the situation, they would choose peace over war. Still, as Tobin prepares to turn things over to the EBS, it is obvious that he is shaken by the events that have occurred and it is suspected that he may have regrets over not using the story Waldorf brought to CVN. The film ends with a shot of Looking Glass taking off, with the broadcast switching over to the Emergency Broadcast System.'] ['Sam Laker  is a former World War II Office of Strategic Services  operative who is recruited by his former commanding officer to do a mission whilst he attends a business conference in Leipzig. To insure his cooperation, his son is kidnapped.'] ['Sir Philip Kimberly, the former head of the British Secret Service who defected to Russia, is given plastic surgery and sent back to Britain by the KGB to retrieve some vital documents. With the documents in hand, he instead plays MI6 and the KGB off against each other.'] ['Frank Horrigan and Al D’Andrea meet with members of a counterfeiting group at a marina. The group\'s leader, Mendoza, tells Horrigan that he has identified D\'Andrea as a United States Secret Service agent, and forces him to prove his loyalty by putting a gun to D\'Andrea’s head and pulling the trigger. Horrigan shoots Mendoza\'s men, identifies himself as an agent, and arrests the counterfeiter. Horrigan investigates a complaint about an apartment\'s absent tenant. He finds a collage of photographs and newspaper articles on famous assassinations, a model building magazine, and a Time cover with the President\'s head circled. When Horrigan and his partner return with a search warrant only one photograph remains, which shows a much younger Horrigan standing behind John F. Kennedy in Dallas in 1963. He is the only remaining active agent who was guarding the President that day, but guilt over his failure to react quickly enough to the first shot in Dallas to take the next one in Kennedy\'s place caused Horrigan to drink excessively and his family to leave. Horrigan receives a phone call from the tenant, who calls himself “Booth”. He tells Horrigan that like John Wilkes Booth and Lee Harvey Oswald he plans to kill the President, who is running for reelection and is making many public appearances around the country. Horrigan asks to return to the Presidential Protective Detail despite his age, where he begins a relationship with fellow agent Lilly Raines. Booth continues to call Horrigan as part of his "game", even though he is well-aware that his calls are tapped and traced. He mocks the agent\'s failure to protect Kennedy, but calls him a "friend". Booth escapes Horrigan and D\'Andrea after one such call from Lafayette Park, but leaves fingerprints. The FBI matches the print, but the identity is classified so the bureau cannot disclose it to the Secret Service; it does, however, notify the CIA. At a campaign event in Chicago Booth pops a decorative balloon which Horrigan, who has the flu, mistakes for a gunshot. Due to the error he leaves the protective detail but remains in charge of the Booth case. Horrigan and D\'Andrea learn from the CIA that Booth is Mitch Leary, a former operative  who has suffered a mental breakdown and is now a "predator". Leary, who has already killed several people as he prepares for the assassination, uses his modelmaking skills to build a composite zip gun to evade metal detectors and hides the bullets and springs in a keyring. D\'Andrea confides to Horrigan that he is going to retire immediately because of nightmares about the Mendoza incident, but Horrigan is able to dissuade him. After Leary taunts Horrigan about the President facing danger in California, the assassin kills D\'Andrea after the two agents chase him across Washington rooftops. Horrigan asks Raines to reassign him to the protective detail as the President visits Los Angeles, but a television crew films him mistaking a bellboy at the Westin Bonaventure Hotel for a security threat, and he must again leave the detail. Horrigan connects Leary to a bank employee\'s murder and learns that Leary, who has made a large campaign contribution, is among the guests of a campaign dinner at the hotel. He sees the President approach the assassin and jumps in front of his bullet. As the Secret Service quickly removes the President, Leary uses Horrigan&mdash;who is wearing a bulletproof vest&mdash;as a hostage to escape to the hotel\'s external elevator. The agent uses his earpiece to tell Raines and sharpshooters where to aim; although they miss Leary, Horrigan defeats him. The assassin chooses to fall to his death from the elevator. Horrigan, now a hero, retires as his fame no longer lets him do his job. He and Raines find a farewell message from Leary on Horrigan\'s answering machine. Horrigan and Raines leave the house and visit the Lincoln Memorial.'] ["Louis Salinger , of Interpol, and Eleanor Whitman , an Assistant District Attorney from Manhattan, are investigating the International Bank of Business and Credit , which funds activities such as money laundering, terrorism, arms trading, and the destabilisation of governments. Salinger's and Whitman's investigation takes them from Berlin to Milan, where the IBBC assassinates Umberto Calvini, an arms manufacturer who is an Italian prime ministerial candidate. The bank's assassin diverts suspicion to a local assassin with political connections, who is promptly killed by a corrupt policeman. Salinger and Whitman get a lead on the second assassin, but the corrupt policeman shows up again and orders them out of the country. At the airport they are able to check the security camera footage for clues, and follow a suspect to New York. In New York, Salinger and Whitman are met by two NYPD detectives, Iggy Ornelas  and Bernie Ward ([[Jack McGee , who have a photograph of the assassin's face when he arrived in New York airport. Salinger, Ornelas, and Ward locate Dr. Isaacson  to whose practice the assassin's leg brace has been traced. They find the assassin  and follow him to the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum. Jonas Skarssen , the chairman of the IBBC, reveals to his senior men White  and Wexler  that the bank had Calvini killed so that they could deal with his sons to buy guidance systems for missiles in which the bank has invested. Since the bank knows that Salinger and Whitman are close to finding their assassin, they send a hit team to kill him at a meeting between him and his handler, Wexler. Wexler leaves and is arrested by Ornelas. As Salinger speaks to the assassin, a spectacular gunfight at the Guggenheim erupts when a number of gunmen attempt to kill them with automatic weapons. They escape, but the assassin is mortally wounded. In interrogation, Wexler, a former Stasi colonel, explains to Salinger that the IBBC is practically untouchable because of its utility to terrorist organisations, drug cartels, governments, and powerful corporations of all complexions. Even if he succeeds in bringing the IBBC down there are hundreds of other banks which will replace them. If Salinger wants justice, he needs to go outside the system, and Wexler indicates a willingness to help. In Italy, Salinger tells the Calvini brothers of the IBBC's responsibility for their father's murder, prompting them to cancel the deal with the bank and have White killed. Salinger then accompanies Wexler to Istanbul, where Skarssen is buying the crucial components from their only other manufacturer. Salinger attempts to record the conversation so that he can obstruct the deal by proving to the buyers that the missiles will be useless, but he ultimately fails. Both Wexler and Skarssen are then killed by a hitman contracted by Enzo and Mario Calvini to avenge their father's murder by the bank. Salinger is left stunned, his investigation, pursuit, and determination to bring down the IBBC, have led him to nothing. During the closing credits, it is indicated that the bank is successfully continuing with its operations despite the death of its Chairman—as Skarssen had predicted to Salinger before he was killed. However with the new and more aggressive chairman, it is hinted that the IBBC's increased expansion and aggression will ultimately lead to its downfall, as shown by the last panel, revealing the beginnings of a United States Senate investigation, headed by Whitman."] ["This version of Operation Entebbe is believed to be fairly accurate.{{whom}} A fourth hostage, Dora Bloch, who had been taken to Mulago Hospital in Kampala, was murdered by the Ugandans on Idi Amin's orders."] ["Jay Killian  is a senior member of the Secret Service. It's the day before the Inauguration of the new President, and Killian has just returned from a six-month sick leave. He's given a new assignment: to protect the First Lady, Lara Royce Craig . Being highly qualified and a seasoned veteran of the service, he's dismayed that he isn't on the Presidential detail. To make matters worse, Lara is a royal pain in the ass. She's arrogant, condescending, demanding, and she detests the presence of Killian. With the First Lady doing what she wants and ignoring all of Killian's suggestions, it becomes apparent that someone wants Lara dead—especially when a biker tries to shoot Lara. A wild cross-country adventure ensues as Killian attempts to protect Lara and flush out the assassin and his contractor—and the assassination attempts may have originated from the White House."] ['The film follows a commercial airliner on a routine flight between Taipei and Seoul that is hijacked and taken to mainland China by the fictional Taiwan Revolutionary Army Front. Communist authorities cannot seize the plane because of the presence of an important business figure on the flight, and agree to cooperate discreetly with Taiwanese authorities to defuse an already tense situation.'] ['The movie showcases the first 48 hours of the hijacking, until Derickson\'s liberation. After the aircraft leaves Athens, Derickson is forced at gunpoint to the flight deck door by "Castro", one of the terrorists. She is able to defuse the situation by communicating with him in German, convincing him to release hostages upon landing in Beirut and Algiers and pleading for the other hijacker to stop harming the passengers. Her efforts are shown to save the lives of all but one hostage, Robert Stethem, whose body was thrown on the tarmac in Beirut.'] ["The story is seen through the eyes of veteran journalist Roger East. Introduced as a once-fearless foreign correspondent now working in PR in Darwin, East is drawn to East Timor by José Ramos-Horta, of the Revolutionary Front for an Independent East Timor; then the fledgling republic's charismatic young secretary of foreign affairs. Initially refusing to become involved, East changes his tune after Horta shows him photos of five Australian TV reporters missing in the border town of Balibo. Vignettes then show Greg Shackleton, Gary Cunningham, Malcolm Rennie, Brian Peters and Tony Stewart, all under 30, saying goodbye to loved ones and setting out on their assignments a month earlier. Parallel action follows with the Balibo Five tracked from East Timor's capital to their terrifying end after filming the Indonesian advance, and East and Horta retracing their steps through by now extremely dangerous territory. Shackleton's last surviving report is recreated: sitting in a village, he says its inhabitants don't know if they will be alive tomorrow and have asked him why no one in Australia or anywhere else will help. Drawing attention to the techniques of news gathering and delivery in 1975, the film raises the idea of what might have happened had the Balibo Five not been cut off from communicating with the world and slowed by heavy 16mm film equipment. Bookended by contemporary scenes of a fictional Timorese woman remembering East and life under Indonesian occupation, the film closes with a tribute to the nation's rebirth in 1999 and the many tens of thousands of lives lost in the struggle for independence.{{cite news}}"] ['Dr. Lauren Slaughter is an American woman of considerable intellect, an expert on China who now lives in London, working for a "think tank". Unhappy with superiors who take credit for her work and dissatisfied with her low wages, Dr. Slaughter moonlights in her flat on Half Moon Street as a paid escort to lonely men. One such, identifying himself by a fake name, turns out to be Lord Bulbeck, a trusted House of Lords member with a key role in national defense. The two strike up a relationship that goes beyond their lovemaking, enjoying each other\'s conversation and intelligence. But during a delicate peace negotiation in the Middle East, investigators doing a background check on Lord Bulbeck come upon his relationship with the high-priced call girl, someone they suspect might have an ulterior motive.'] ['Sikandar Raza  is a 14-year-old schoolboy in the Kashmir valley. Ever since his parents were killed by jihadis   10 years ago, he has lived with his aunt and uncle, in a small town called Kupwara in Kashmir valley. All Sikandar’s desires revolve around the happiness of his foster parents and getting the ball into the goal on the football field. One day, on his way to a school football match, Sikandar finds a gun lying on the path. Despite admonishments by his newly made school friend, 14-year-old Nasreen , Sikandar picks up the gun and begins a journey into the darker side of his nature. The quiet-yet-strong Nasreen becomes Sikandar’s conscience keeper. She tries to dissuade him from giving in to the lure of the gun. Sikandar gets embroiled further and further in situations beyond his control, and people get killed. At first it seems that the happenings occurring alongside Sikandar’s predicament are not connected. But, as layer upon layer is revealed, it becomes clear that Sikandar is the innocent victim in a game being played out between the militants, the army, the peace-bartering politicians and the religious heads of the little Kashmiri town. The pieces of the puzzle come together at the very end, leading to a shocking revelation. The movie is a portrayal of how child psychologies can be moulded, how terrorists are made. "Bholi bhaali rahne do" by Prasoon Joshi wonderfully sums up the movie.Plot'] ["The film is set in Kannur, a veritable killing field for political rivals of different hues. Jayakrishnan  is the son of the Communist Party Secretary Madayi Surendran  who is averse to any progress funded by multinational corporations. Jayakrishnan, a Jawaharlal Nehru University product who believes in non violent political ideology, don't like the way politics is practised and had once left the state disheartened with the developments. He is presently working with the Taj Mahal archaeological department in Agra as a guide. But now he is back to Kannur and is in love with Radhika , who happens to be the daughter of Divakaran , Surendran's biggest political rival. Jayakrishnan's political views and this love affair leads to direct confrontation between the father and his more 'modern' son. Jayakrishnan, on his return, is given high security because of being the son of the party secretary, but is physically attacked by the opposite group on the very day of his arrival, which result in a child losing her limbs in a bomb blast. This flare up the fights between different party members of the district. Jayakrishnan finds his social sensibilities awakened all on a sudden, and he comes up with a unique plan that leads to the birth of the New Communist. Within no time, followers to the New Communist turn up in thousands, and Jayakrishnan faces stringent opposition as well. As the movement gain detractors and supporters from far and wide with his pages in Facebook and Twitter getting tons of hits , Jayakrishnan also opens up his development agenda as he starts to support the fabric corridor project proposed by an young industrialist named Mohit Nambiar  which is expected to give a fresh development initiatives for the men of Kannur. The Party stringently fights it while Jayakrishnan offers it all support."] ["The film is a modern-day version of the Rasputin story; the major characters have the same first names as Rasputin and the Romanov royal family, and their family name 'Rast' is simply 'Tsar' backwards. Hemmings plays an up-and-coming senator, Nick Rast, whose young son is terminally ill with leukaemia. A mysterious faith healer, Gregory Wolfe , appears and seems to cure the boy. Rast's wife Sandy  falls in love with Wolfe, but the powerful interests behind Rast's career, represented by geriatric monster Doc Wheelan  are less happy with events."] ['Avner, an adept Israeli military officer is selected as the leader of a Mossad team of expert agents for a covert mission to avenge the Munich massacre and other recent terrorist acts. They are initially successful in their assassinations but as they progress it becomes harder and harder to find their targets and they themselves are targeted with varying success by their enemies. Avner, having lost the majority of his team, begins having doubts about the mission and finally calls it off. He wishes to retire from Mossad and rejoin the regular ranks of the IDF, but his case officer is reluctant to let his most valuable asset go.'] ['An unemployed cameraman, Ron Kobeleski , is asked by his reclusive neighbor, a retired Marine named Walter Ohlinger  who has been diagnosed with terminal cancer, to document a startling confession: that he, not Lee Harvey Oswald, killed President John F. Kennedy in Dallas, Texas on November 22, 1963. A stunned Kobeleski learns that the conspiracy theory that says there was a second gunman on the grassy knoll is true &mdash; because he was that second gunman. To prove it, he shows Kobeleski a spent casing from the rifle he used. A skeptical Kobeleski demands proof, and follows Ohlinger as he attempts to prove his claims. He speaks to people who would seem to support Ohlinger\'s claims, but others, most notably his ex-wife, point to Ohlinger being a fraud and a lunatic. The film ends with Walter Ohlinger attempting to assassinate the present-day president and Kobeleski shooting Ohlinger in self-defense at his own home. Ron Kobeleski is arrested and charged as an accomplice. In a short interview with a reporter, he states that "telling his side of the story won\'t help him at all." The closing credits state that Kobeleski died in prison. For the most part, Interview with the Assassin is filmed from the perspective of Ron Kobeleski, as if he had shot it with his own camera. On a few occasions, the viewer actually sees Dylan Haggerty, the actor portraying him.'] ['The story is loosely based on the real-life murders of civil rights workers in Mississippi in 1964. After the three are reported missing, two FBI agents are sent to investigate the incident in rural Jessup County, Mississippi . The two agents take completely different approaches: Agent Alan Ward , a young liberal northerner, takes a direct approach to the investigation; Agent Rupert Anderson , a former Mississippi sheriff who understands the intricacies of race relations in the South, takes a more subtle tack. It is very hard for the two to work in the town, as the local sheriff\'s office is linked to a major branch of the Ku Klux Klan, and the agents cannot talk to the local black community, due to their fear of Klan retaliation. Slowly but steadily, relations between the FBI and the local Jessup County sheriff\'s office deteriorate, as do relations between Ward and Anderson. Things boil over when the bodies are found and the deputy sheriff, Clinton Pell , realizes that his wife gave their locations to Anderson, and he assaults her. When Anderson sees her in the hospital, he storms off to confront Pell but is stopped by Ward. After a brief scuffle, the two agree that they will work together and bring down the Jessup County branch of the Ku Klux Klan using Anderson\'s as yet untried approach. The new tactics begin when the mayor is abducted. He is taken to a remote shack and left on his own with a black man  wearing a rudimentary mask, similar to those used by KKK members in the film. Relating a story of how a young black man was castrated by the KKK, he implies that the mayor will likewise be disfigured unless he talks by wielding a razor blade while relating the tale. In reality, the abductor is an FBI operative specially flown in to intimidate the mayor. The mayor gives the operative a comprehensive description of the killings, including the names of those involved; although not admissible in court, this information proves invaluable to Anderson and Ward and moves the investigation forward. Anderson uses the new information to send fake invitations to the involved KKK parties, who turn up for a meeting. They soon realize it\'s a set up and leave without discussing the murders. The FBI, who are eavesdropping, home in on Lester Cowens, a junior member of the outfit, as being particularly nervous and unable to stop talking. He is later picked up by the FBI and driven prominently around town to make it appear that he may be cooperating with them. He then is dropped off in the black side of the segregated community to "think" about his position. Anderson pays a visit to the barbershop where Deputy Sheriff Pell is getting a shave with a straight razor. Anderson slips in the place of the barber allowing him to ensure that Pell stays still while Anderson threatens him, nicking him with the razor. Anderson then brutally beats Pell, both for his role in the murders and his assault of his wife. Ward, waiting outside and unable to bear the ongoing beating, attempts to go in; he is stopped by the other FBI men Anderson has called in, and he silently remembers his pledge to do things Anderson\'s way. Pell is left spinning in a barber\'s chair, unconscious, as Anderson leaves. A nervous Lester Cowens is at home when his window is shot out. On the lawn is a burning cross. Cowens tries to flee in his truck but is caught by three hooded men who begin to hang him. The FBI arrive, rescue Cowens, and chase the thugs to the sound of gunshots. Out of sight, the abductors stop running away and remove their masks to reveal that they are also FBI agents. The ruse works. Cowens, believing his life is in danger because his KKK co-conspirators think he\'ll talk, does just that. The FBI now has evidence admissible in court and can prosecute the culprits. They charge them with civil rights violations to ensure they will be tried at the federal level; four of them had previously been convicted in a state court of firebombing a black man\'s home, only to receive five-year suspended sentences. Most are found guilty and receive sentences from three to ten years. Sheriff Stuckey is acquitted. The mayor, who was not charged with anything, hangs himself. Pell\'s wife returns to her home, which has been completely ransacked. She resolves to stay and rebuild her life, free of her wicked husband. The film concludes with a Sunday morning service on the site of a destroyed house of worship, attended by both white and black churchgoers singing in unison. Ward addresses Anderson as "Rupert" suggesting they are now on first name terms.'] ['In apartheid era South Africa, Shack Twala , a black revolutionary who had served time on Robben Island, is freed by Rina van Niekerk, his Afrikaner defence attorney, because he would be a victim of retroactive legislation. Rina, estranged from her husband Blane, is having a relationship with an English mining engineer, Jim Keogh , who has attended Shack\'s trial. Surprised by the verdict, Rina, Jim and Shack go off to celebrate at her house. They are stopped by the South African Police who are conducting identity document checks and arresting everyone who does not have their papers on them. As Shack has only just been released from prison he will not receive his papers until the next day. The police Constable and Shack antagonise each other leading to Shack being handcuffed and arrested. When Rina attempts to pull the Constable off Shack, the policeman hits her, knocking her to the ground. Jim assaults and knocks out the Constable making all three fugitives. At Police Headquarters, an SAP Brigadier is criticised by Major Horn of the South African Bureau of State Security  for not only arresting Shack but continuing with their random identity checks and arrests that have infuriated world opinion. The three fugitives are followed and monitored by BOSS to lead them to discover their escape route to Botswana and its facilitators, two Indian dentists; a stash of stolen uncut diamonds being used to fund the "Black Congress"  and the leader of the "Black Congress", a man named Wilby.'] ["A Few Days in September imagines a scenario in which an American C.I.A. agent, Elliot, with advance intelligence about the attacks on New York's World Trade Center towers is being chased by an assassin, William Pound, while he is trying to reunite himself with his two grown up children via an old female colleague, Irène.{{cite web}}"] ['In 1977, Claudio Tamburrini  was a goalie for a minor league soccer team when he was kidnapped by members of the Argentine secret military police. He is taken to a detention center known as Sere Mansion: an old dilapidated house in the suburban neighborhood of Morón on the suspicion he is an anti-government terrorist. Tamburrini is tortured by his jailers frequently. Yet, they look for information he does not have because he is not a political activist and never was. Tamburrini expects to be killed by the ruthless guards at any time. After four months of imprisonment, and many sessions of torture, Tamburrini and his fellow captives Guillermo , Vasco and another man dive out a window during a rainstorm. The four, naked and with nothing but their senses, began a desperate flight to freedom.'] ['The genesis of the movie arises out of the Cold War tensions existing between the United States and the Soviet Union during the early 1960s. The film presents a dramatic account of a series of coincidental events leading up to an accidental thermonuclear first-strike attack by a group of United States “Vindicator” bombers  against Moscow, the capital of what was then the Soviet Union. Amidst an ordinary tour for VIPs at the U.S. headquarters of the Strategic Air Command  in Omaha, Nebraska, an alert is initiated when SAC radar indicates an intrusion into American airspace of an unidentified flying object. The standard procedure of SAC is to keep several groups of bombers constantly flying around the clock as a most immediate response to any potential nuclear attack on the country. Upon any initial alert from headquarters, these airborne groups proceed to pre-identified aerial points around the globe called "fail-safe points" to await an actual "go code" before proceeding towards Russian targets. Shortly after reaching those points, the flying object is identified merely as an off-course airliner and the alert is canceled. However, a technical error sends an errant "go code" to a group of bombers, ordering them to proceed and attack their target. Coincidentally and simultaneously, a new Russian jamming device begins radio jamming of communications between SAC headquarters and the bomber group with the result that the group commander, Colonel Jack Grady , begins to lead the attack on Moscow. Pressure mounts as the President of the United States  and his advisers attempt to recall the group or shoot them down. Communications are begun with the Soviet Chairman, whereupon mistakes on both sides  are acknowledged. The jamming is reversed; however, SAC training and protocols cause the crew to reject counter-orders to abort the mission. Upon confirmation regarding the completion of the accidental attack on Moscow, the President realizes the severity of the situation and seeks a resolution to the matter that will avoid reprisal from the Russians and, ultimately, an all-out nuclear holocaust. With this threat in mind, the President orders an immediate similar nuclear strike on New York City.'] ['An elite group of narcotics cops quit from the L.A.P.D. after facing investigation for being over-zealous in their war against drugs. It is immediately apparent that some of their superiors are involved in the drug ring. The four suspended cops  band together to fight the drug ring undercover. They gain capital for weapons by ripping off minor drug dealers. Then well-armed they go after the kingpin.'] ['Kate Coleman  and her husband John  are experiencing strains in their marriage after their third child was stillborn. The loss is particularly hard on Kate, who is also recovering from alcoholism. The couple decides to adopt a 9-year-old Russian girl, Esther , from the local orphanage. While Kate and John\'s deaf-mute daughter Max  embraces Esther almost immediately, their son Daniel  is less welcoming. Kate becomes suspicious that there might be problems in Esther\'s background when Esther expresses far more knowledge of sex than expected of a child her age. Her suspicions deepen when Esther seriously injures another girl at a local park. While she initially believes Esther\'s claim that it was an accident, Kate is further alarmed when Sister Abigail , the head of the orphanage, warns her and John that bad things always seem to happen when Esther is around. Esther overhears this and, as Sister Abigail is leaving in her car, Esther pushes Max into its path, forcing her to swerve off the road. Sister Abigail rushes to see if Max is hurt, but Esther kills her with a hammer, then convinces Max to help her hide the weapon in their treehouse. Kate is convinced that something is very wrong with Esther, but John does not believe her. Attempting to find out more about Esther, Kate finds the girl\'s hidden Bible and discovers that it came from the Saarne Institute in Estonia, which she eventually learns is a mental hospital. She {{nowrap}} a picture of Esther to them and asks for more information. That night, Max shows a drawing explaining what Esther did to Sister Abigail. When Daniel learns about Sister Abigail\'s death from Max, he tells her of his plan to retrieve the hammer to prove Esther\'s guilt. However, Esther overhears their conversation and confronts Daniel as he searches the treehouse, setting it ablaze and locking Daniel inside in an attempt to kill him and destroy the evidence. Daniel falls to the ground trying to escape, and is knocked unconscious. Esther attempts to finish him off with a rock, but Max stops her. While Daniel is hospitalized from his fall, Esther slips into his room and smothers him with a pillow, stopping his heart, but doctors quickly revive him. Kate, realizing what happened, attacks Esther, but orderlies help John restrain her. As John takes Esther and Max home, doctors sedate Kate. That night, Esther preps up herself and tries to seduce a drunken John, who finally believes Kate was right and threatens to send Esther back to the orphanage. Meanwhile, as Kate is coming out of sedation, she receives a call from a doctor at the Saarne Institute, who reveals that Esther is actually a 33-year-old woman named Leena Klammer. She has hypopituitarism, a condition that stunted her physical growth, and has spent most of her life posing as a little girl. The doctor tells Kate that Leena is extremely violent and has murdered at least seven people, and that she bears scars on her neck and wrists, which Esther always kept covered, received while trying to escape her strait jacket. Among her victims were a family that adopted her in Estonia, whom she killed because the father rejected her sexual advances. Leena flies into a rage after being spurned by John, and ransacks her room. Then, after removing the makeup, false teeth, and body wrappings that enhanced her illusion as youthful "Esther", Leena kills him with a knife. Max witnesses this, and hides. Kate, unable to get John on the phone, rushes home and finds him dead. Leena gets a gun from John\'s safe and shoots Kate in the arm, then goes searching for Max, finding her in the greenhouse. While Leena shoots at Max, Kate crawls onto the greenhouse roof, breaks through the glass above Leena, and lands on her, knocking her out. Kate takes the gun and leaves the greenhouse with Max. Leena regains consciousness and finds Kate and Max outside near a frozen pond. Leena lunges at Kate, knocking the gun out of Kate\'s hand and hurling them both onto the ice. As Max watches from a hill above, she picks up the gun and tries to shoot Leena, but hits and shatters the ice instead, causing Kate and Leena to drop into the water. After a brief struggle, Kate climbs partially out of the pond with Leena desperately clinging to her legs. Leena, hiding a knife behind her back and reverting to her little-girl persona, begs Kate not to let her die. Kate angrily responds that she is not her mother, and kicks Leena in the face, breaking her neck and sending her sinking back into the pond. Max and Kate are met by the police moments after. The end.'] ['{{copyedit}} A demonstration by nuclear weapons protesters  in London, England is interrupted when one of the protesters is violently killed. British security forces learn that a militant group attached to the CND plans a significant act of terrorism. The person killed during the protest demonstration was planted by the terrorists. The Commanding Officer of the Special Air Service, Colonel Hadley, prescribes a line of inquiry for the investigation. At the SAS\'s headquarters in Stirling Lines, two foreign officers arrive to train with the SAS. Captain Hagen is a member of the U.S. Army Rangers and Captain Freund is a member of GSG9. They are taken to the Close Quarter Battle house and witness an SAS room entry assault first hand. Colonel Hadley introduces them to the SAS man playing the "hostage", Captain Peter Skellen, and informs them they\'ll be with Skellen\'s troop, consisting of Baker, Dennis and Williamson. During an exercise in Brecon Beacons, Hadley and Major Steele discover Skellen\'s troop torturing Hagen and Freund. Skellen is dismissed from the Regiment. The torture along with Skellen\'s dismissal are a ruse to repaint Skellen as a disgraced former SAS operative, and Hagen and Freund are innocent victims in the scheme. Skellen meets with his intelligence contact, Ryan, who informs Skellen that he should meet Frankie Leith and Rod Walker. Leith and Walker run The People\'s Lobby, the militant group believed to be planning the act of terrorism. Skellen tells his wife Jenny that he\'ll be going away for a while on a mission. Skellen then visits a bar frequented by members of The People\'s Lobby and begins a conversation with Leith. Skellen initiates a romantic relationship with her, to the annoyance of Walker and his cohorts Helga and Mac. Leith takes Skellen to the organization\'s offices and introduces him to the group. Leith appreciates Skellen\'s SAS background, and offers him a job as security consultant to the PL; she also allows him to move in with her. To strengthen his cover story, Hadley informs Hagen and Freund of Skellen\'s location. The wronged men attack Skellen at Leith\'s home and inflict a severe beating; as a result Leith\'s few remaining doubts about Skellen vapourise, but Walker and his cronies still are not fully convinced. Helga observes Skellen meeting the same unknown individual  in various locations. Their scrutiny intensifies even more when Walker and his associates witness Skellen meeting with his wife and daughter. They use photos from their surveillance to convince Leith that Skellen is not all he seems. Walker orders Helga to kill Ryan, cutting Skellen\'s link to Hadley. Hadley has no choice but to trust Skellen\'s abilities to uncover the group\'s plans and escape alive. He orders police protection for Skellen\'s family. Despite his official advisory capacity, Skellen is denied details about the upcoming operation. On the day of the operation, Leith and Walker instruct Helga and Mac to take Skellen\'s family hostage. Leith uses this to blackmail Skellen into unconditional co-operation. The terrorists and Skellen arrive at the U.S. Embassy in a hijacked coach. Wearing stolen U.S. Air Force uniforms, they gain entry to the secure compound and take the U.S. Ambassador, U.S. Secretary of State, U.S. Chief of Staff, British Foreign Secretary, along with their wives and the embassy staff, all hostage. Hadley and his police counterpart, Commander Powell, arrive at the Embassy to receive the demands of the terrorists: Unless a U.S. Nuclear Missile is launched at Holy Loch Naval Base, all the hostages will be killed. Meanwhile, Dennis and Neil arrive at Skellen\'s home with two fellow SAS troopers. They set up in the attached house next door, using sensing devices to covertly observe Helga, Mac and their captives through the wall. Currie questions Leith\'s motivations, and Leith responds that her ultimate goal is the disarmament of the whole world. This opens a debate about method and political philosophy that only antagonizes the terrorists. Skellen manages to separate himself from the group by feigning a need for the toilet. He uses a torch to signal Hadley via Morse code, telling him to attack at 10 a.m. while Skellen creates a diversion. Hadley can\'t get permission for an SAS attack because the British Home Secretary insists that Powell resolve the situation through negotiation. As the tension mounts inside the embassy, a mistake by one of the terrorists causes the death of the U.S. Chief of Staff. This allows Powell and Hadley to get the permission for their assault. Frayed nerves cause Helga and Mac to squabble with their charges, allowing the SAS operatives next door the opportunity to burst through the wall and kill both Helga and Mac. As the SAS mount an assault on the embassy, the terrorists panic. Skellen overpowers and kills two terrorists. The SAS, deploying from helicopters, force open doors and enter through windows. As they methodically clear the embassy, Skellen kills more terrorists including Walker. Skellen joins with Baker and his troop to search for Leith, as the other troopers bundle the hostages to safety. When Skellen hesitates to kill Leith on sight, Major Steele kills her before she can kill Skellen. The Ambassador thanks the troopers as they leave the embassy. Skellen and his troop apologise to Hagen and Freund and explain the reason for their actions, and make peace. Skellen departs on one of the helicopters with his colleagues. An on-screen list of notable terrorist incidents appears over the closing credits, accompanied by a rendition of the British Labour Party\'s Red Flag anthem.'] ["Matt Brady comes home from World War I to a city where older brother Tim is a political kingpin. Matt meets an old friend, Bob Herrick, but an argument leads to a fistfight. He ends up late for a date with Elsie Reynolds, who is furious. Matt angrily replies that he wants nothing more to do with her. Matt's self-destructive behavior continues at a restaurant, where he intervenes on behalf of a forlorn customer, Lorry Reed, punching a waiter. He not only takes sympathy on her, he impulsively insists they get married. Regretting his actions the next day, Matt's temper again flares when Tim Brady decides to get the marriage annulled. Matt tells him to mind his own business. Minutes later, Tim dies of a heart attack. Years go by. Matt, still in a loveless marriage with Lorry, has followed his brother into politics. His unethical methods include making money on a tip from gangster Johnny Mazia and claiming half the profits of a cement business in exchange for guaranteeing it city projects. Bob has married Elsie, meanwhile, and become Matt's lawyer and insurance commissioner. Matt continues to mistreat Lorry, even giving her a very expensive necklace only to make Elsie envious. A newspaper editor and prosecutor begin investigating Matt, whose net worth also vanishes with the stock market's crash. He goes into business with gangster Johnny, inadvertently becoming an accomplice in a killing spree. An effort to make things right leads to a fight resulting in Johnny's death, but Matt is indicted and shocked when Bob testifies against him. Lorry leaves, telling Matt how he deluded himself that he had even one friend. Matt ends up by himself, behind bars."] ["In A Dry White Season, Donald Sutherland portrays the character of Ben Du Toit, a South African school teacher. The story takes place in 1976, around the Soweto Riots, during the Apartheid system that lasted from 1948 until 1994. The story begins when a gardener at Ben's school, a black man named Gordon, seeks his help while investigating the death of his son during the Riots. Like many South African whites, Ben refuses to get involved in the racial divides that have been tearing the country apart, thinking that Gordon's claims against the white minority government are unfounded. Things change when Ben sees firsthand the brutality by his own race against blacks, particularly when he sees the dead body of Gordon at the morgue not long after being tortured at the hands of the secret, corrupt government police. Gordon's wife, Emily, is also killed later, and also under suspicious circumstances. Upset by this turn of events, Ben retains Ian Mackenzie , a human rights attorney, to assist him with the case. Ben's political awakening is so complete by this time that his crusade to bring those responsible for the deaths of Gordon and his family members eventually take their toll on his own family. Eventually, Ben Du Toit pays the ultimate price for standing up to a corrupt government for basic human rights and equality."] ['On July 29, 1939, renowned British big game hunter Captain Alan Thorndike  slips through the forest undetected near the Berghof, Adolf Hitler\'s residence near Berchtesgaden. Getting the dictator in his telescopic sight, he pulls the trigger on his unloaded rifle and gives a wave. He ponders a moment, then loads a live round, but is discovered at the last second by a guard, and the shot goes wild. After being beaten up, Thorndike is taken to Major Quive-Smith . Quive-Smith is also a devoted hunter and an admirer of Thorndike. Thorndike explains that it was a "sporting stalk", not to kill, but just for the thrill of going after the biggest game of all. The Nazi half-believes him, but insists he sign a confession that he was in fact working for His Majesty\'s government. When Thorndike refuses, he is tortured, but remains steadfast and warns of "questions being asked in high places" if he is killed, as his brother, Lord Risborough , is a very important diplomat. The phrase gives Quive-Smith the idea to have Thorndike thrown off a cliff to make his death look like an accident. Thorndike survives when his knapsack gets caught in a tree, breaking his fall. He eludes his German pursuers and reaches a port. He steals a rowboat, but is forced to abandon it hastily when a patrol boat comes near. He swims to a Danish ship about to sail for London. Vaner , the English cabin boy, helps Thorndike hide. The Germans find Thorndike\'s coat and passport aboard the rowboat and search the nearby ship. Though they find nothing, they place agent Mr. Jones  on board using Thorndike\'s passport to continue looking even after the ship leaves the harbour. Jones is met by German agents in London. Thorndike, mistakenly believing he is now safe, casually debarks and is spotted. He manages to shake off his pursuers by ducking into the apartment of Jerry Stokes , a young woman. Jerry lends him money so he can reach his brother. When Lord Risborough tells his brother that the British government, continuing its pre-war policy of appeasement, would have to extradite him if he were found, Thorndike decides to hide in Africa. Jerry tries to refuse a large cash reward, leading Lady Risborough  to assume that it is payment for other services, but Thorndike insists. He also buys her a new hatpin, as she had lost hers when they first met. She chooses a cheap chromium arrow and insists Thorndike present it to her. Thorndike likens it to her, saying both are "straight and shiny". By this point, Jerry is in love. Quive-Smith arrives in London to join the hunt. When Thorndike calls on his solicitor, Saul Farnsworthy , the Nazis are once again on his trail. Chased into a London Underground station, Thorndike struggles with Jones, who is killed when he is thrown onto an electrified rail. Thorndike tells Jerry to have Lord Risborough send him a letter in three weeks time care of Lyme Regis Post Office. As in the novel, Thorndike hides in a cave. However, when he goes to pick up the letter, the postmistress  seems alarmed and sends a girl on an errand. Thorndike grabs the letter and beats a hasty retreat. Back at his cave, he finds the letter is from Quive-Smith, who has followed him to his lair. Quive-Smith seals the only entrance and passes his quarry the confession and a pen through an air hole, threatening to leave him trapped inside. Quive-Smith also slides in Jerry\'s beret with the arrow pin, informing Thorndike that she was thrown out a window to her death when she would not betray him. They only discovered Thorndike\'s location through the address he had written down for her. Badgered by the Nazi, the grief-stricken Thorndike finally admits that he subconsciously intended to assassinate Hitler after all. He then agrees to sign the confession. Quive-Smith unblocks the entrance, but waits to shoot him as he crawls out. Thorndike however has other plans; he uses his belt, a slat from his bed, and a stick to fabricate a bow, using Jerry\'s pin as the tip of a makeshift arrow, and shoots the German through the air hole. When Thorndike emerges, Quive-Smith manages to wound him before dying. By the time he recovers, the war has started. Thorndike joins the R.A.F. as a Bomber Command crewman. On a mission over Germany, Thorndike unexpectedly parachutes into the Reich with his hunting rifle to finish what he had started.'] ['The film opens with a man leaving his Moscow apartment building. On his way out he notices strange activity in the basement, but ignores it. As he leaves the entire apartment building is destroyed in a explosion. 13 years later the German tabloid journalist Paul Jensen  arrives in Moscow to work on a magazine owned by his late father\'s friend Onjegin . One day while buying a sandwich Paul witness the costumer in front of him being assassinated on open street. Paul\'s photographer partner Dima  tells Paul that the victim was a famous journalist who\'s TV-show got canceled due to him being critical of the government. Paul meets up with the journalist Katja  in the lunchroom. Katja wants to publish an article about the assassinated journalist but Jensen\'s editor does not dare to. Paul suggest that Katja rewrite the article and that he then publishes it in the celebrity section on account of the journalist\'s fame. Paul and Katja meet up at a bar in the evening and Katja reveals that the journalist knew his father. Paul and Katja end up drunk and dances. The following day the two meet at a protest rally and Paul encounter Katja\'s brother Anatoli . Police arrive and declare the protest illegal and Paul and Katja leave. They retreat to Paul\'s apartment and end up making love. The next day Katja finds out about that Paul published the article without telling his editor. The editor tells Paul to never do anything like it again as they are now at risk at being shut down. Dima finds out about Paul\'s relationship with Katja and warns him to not have serious relationships with Russian women much to Paul\'s confusion. Paul later meets up with Katja at a party and she seems distracted and nervous. As they walk past a subwaystation a man approaches Paul for a lighter and Katja runs into the subway. Seconds later the subway is destroyed by a explosion that throws Paul through the air and knocks him unconscious. Paul wakes up at a hospital and is meet by police. He is told that a backpack he helped carry for Katja contained explosives and that Katja died in the explosion in the subway. Paul is charged for terrorism and is presented with evidence that he is unable to prove false. Onjegin is allowed to meet Paul and and tells him he will be sent to jail while waiting for his trial which is 7 months away. Paul is sent to the prison knows as "Little Chechenia" due to the large number of Chechen terrorists held captive there. Paul is attacked and beat up by a inmate but is saved by and taken under the wings of Aslan  who serves as the leader of the Chechenians. In a conversation Aslan tells Paul that he knew his father, Norbert Jensen . During the following days Aslan tells Paul about how Norbert interviewed him, how his and several of the terrorists in the prison lost their families in the invasion and how he became a terrorist. Aslan also teaches Paul about the relationship between oil, terrorism and money. One night Aslan is taken out and beaten by the guards. Aslan suspects a prison snitch is informing the prison commander . Aslan finds the snitch and Paul is forced to watch as the inmates kill him. Aslan is then taken away and murdered. Paul decides to sign a contract that will have him exiled to Germany in exchange for him declaring having been treated fairly by the authorities. Paul is driven away but when he realises he is not being taken to the airport he jumps out from the car and outruns his guards.'] ["New South Wales Police Sergeant Scobie Malone  is summoned to Sydney by the Premier of New South Wales  who at the time was the controversial Sir Robert Askin. The Australian High Commissioner in London, Sir James Quentin  is wanted for a 25 year old murder charge, that the Premier, Quentin's gruff political rival, has discovered. Upon arrival in London, Malone meets Lady Quentin  and her husband the sophisticated Sir James, as well as Sir James's secretary . Sir James offers no objection to the murder charges but demands several days before departure as he is conducting delicate peace negotiations. As Malone waits as a guest of the High Commissioner, he prevents assassination attempts against Quentin by a dangerous spy ring headed by Maria Cholon . Filmed in Australia and London, the film was the last big screen appearance of Franchot Tone who plays the American ambassador. Rod Taylor is memorable in one of the few roles where he played an Australian. He plays Malone as a tough single Outback policeman unlike the married Sydney Detective Sergeant of the original bookshttp://www.epinions.com/review/High_Commissioner/content_165491019396 Taylor's unsophisticated integrity is contrasted with the London diplomatic scene throughout the film."] ['During the Mikhail Gorbachev years, Platon Makovsky and four buddies of his are university students who jump on the private capitalism movement. Fast-forward 20 years, Platon finds himself the richest man in Russia. But as such, he and his friends are drawn more and more into relations with suspect organizations. They also have to face ever more brutal attempts to subjugate them by the Kremlin. Makovsty attempts to compete with this ever-present political power, by becoming as "creating a Kremlin" himself.'] ['Former British Major Robert Dapes  arrives in Cuba under General Bello\'s  orders to train the Cuban army to resist Fidel Castro\'s upcoming revolution. Before he even begins his task, he struck by the reappearance of an old flame, Alexandra Lopez de Pulido ([[Brooke Adams , whom he repeatedly tries to pursue. The plot winds around the tremendous wealth of the present leaders, the mostly American tourists who seem to ooze money, the poverty-stricken and ex-urban slums where most Cubans live, and the rum and cigar factory that Alexandra\'s husband owns and that Alexandra runs. A blatant sexual nightclub performance is interrupted by Fidel\'s soldiers in olive green, with machine guns, scattering the entertainment and the entertained and leaving a bloodsoaked scene. When Alexandra\'s husband takes her out and expects her to sit and have a drink with a potential  investor and his prostitute, she leaves the restaurant and runs into Robert. Furious with her husband, she is more open to spending time with him and reminiscencing about their old affair in North Africa . They find a motel and make love. It is clear that they care for each other. But he will not stay in Cuba. Will she leave with him? The next day virtually every Cuban worker goes on strike, including those in Alex\'s factory. Alex watches the events go by, believing things will soon return to normal. Robert begs her to leave, either to be with him or just to escape Cuba. She refuses. Not seeing Alex at the airport, Robert boards the plane. Meanwhile, Alex is at the airport, outside the wire fence, watching him board the plane and weeping. This movie weaves many more plots around these events, as various Cubans, Brits, and Americans try to make something of the revolution. What is most stunning about this movie, however, is that it unwinds like a James Bond movie but "inside out." Robert is the cool, competent, knowledgeable spy: but he is inserted into a history that imposes on him an almost complete passivity: he is supposed to engineer Fidel\'s defeat; he knows Fidel will win. And instead of powerfully sweeping his gorgeous counterpart off her feet, she\'s always one step ahead of him, and he must let her go.'] ['The film begins with an American Muslim man named Yusuf , formerly named Younger, making a videotape.When FBI Special Agent Helen Brody  and her team see news bulletins looking for Yusuf, they launch an investigation, which is curtailed when they are summoned to a high school, which has been converted into a black site under military command. They are shown Yusuf\'s complete tape, where he threatens to detonate three nuclear bombs in separate U.S. cities if his demands are not met. A special interrogator, "H" , is brought in to force Yusuf to reveal the locations of the nuclear bombs. H quickly shows his capability and cruelty by chopping off one of Yusuf\'s fingers with a small hatchet. Horrified, Special Agent Brody attempts to put a stop to the measures. Her superiors make it clear that the potentially disastrous consequences necessitate these extreme measures. As the plot unfolds, H escalates his methods . Brody realizes that Yusuf anticipated that he would be tortured. Yusuf then makes his demands: he would like the President of the United States to announce a cessation of support for "puppet governments" and dictatorships in Muslim countries and a withdrawal of American troops from all Muslim countries. The group immediately dismisses the possibility of his demands being met, citing the United States\' declared policy of not negotiating with terrorists. When Brody accuses Yusuf of faking the bomb threat in order to make a point about the moral character of the United States government, he breaks down and agrees that it was all a ruse. He gives her an address to prove it. They find a room that matches the scene in the video tape and find evidence on the roof. A soldier removes a picture from a electrical switch which triggers a tremendous C-4 explosion at a nearby shopping mall visible from the roof. The explosion kills 53 people. Angry at the senseless deaths, Brody returns to Yusef and cuts his chest with a scalpel. Yusuf is unafraid and demands she cut him. He justifies the deaths in the shopping mall, stating that the Americans kill that many people every day. Yusuf says he allowed himself to be caught so he could face his oppressors. H questions whether Yusef will reveal the bombs\' location unless Yusuf\'s wife is found. When she is detained, H brings her in front of her husband and threatens to mutilate her in front of him. Brody and the others begin to take her away from the room in disgust. Out of desperation, H slashes her throat and she bleeds to death in front of Yusuf. Still without cooperation, H tells the soldiers to bring in Yusuf\'s two children, a young boy and a girl. Outside of Yusuf\'s hearing, he assures everyone that he will not harm the children. Yusef\'s children are brought in and H makes it clear that he will torture them if the locations of the bombs are not divulged. Yusuf breaks and gives three addresses , but H does not stop, forcing the others to intervene. Citing the amount of missing nuclear material Yusuf potentially had at his disposal , H insists that Yusuf has not admitted anything about a hence-unreferenced fourth bomb. H points out that everything Yusuf has done so far has been planned meticulously. He knew the torture would most likely break him, and he would have been certain to plant a fourth bomb, just in case. Here it becomes clear that the purpose of the preceding torture was not to break Yusuf, but rather to make it clear to him what would happen to his children if he did not cooperate. The official in charge of the operation demands that H bring Yusuf\'s children back in for further interrogation. H demands that Brody bring the children back in, because her decency will give him the moral approval that he needs to do the "unthinkable". When Brody refuses to retrieve the children for H, he unstraps Yusuf, sarcastically setting him free. The official draws his pistol and aims it at H to coerce him into further interrogation. Yusuf grabs the official\'s gun. He asks Brody to take care of his children and kills himself. Brody walks out of the building with Yusuf\'s children . ;Extended version An FBI bomb disposal team arrives at one of the disclosed locations and resets the timer to prevent the bomb from going off. As the FBI are celebrating however, behind a nearby crate, the originally unconfirmed fourth bomb\'s timer counts down to zero. The screen immediately cuts to black and the credits roll.'] ['Returning to the small Florida town where he grew up, Billy Turner  learns that his father has been killed. With little help from the police, Billy will take matters into his own hands and go up against a ruthless local mob in a desperate search to find the killer.'] ["The film begins with a small IRA team, including Martin Fallon  and Liam Docherty , watching as two British Army Land Rovers approach the roadside bomb they have set for them. At the last minute, a school bus overtakes the army vehicles and detonates the bomb as it passes, killing the children. After most of the team escape the scene pursued by the soldiers, Fallon travels to London in a bid to escape the past. In London, he is approached by a contact who asks him to take on one last job on behalf of local gangster Jack Meehan  and his brother Billy Meehan . They offer Fallon money, a passport and passage to the US if he kills a rival gangster. Initially reluctant, he nonetheless takes on the job. However, as he is carrying out the hit in a graveyard, he is seen and confronted by the local Catholic priest, Father Michael Da Costa . The confrontation is watched from a distance by Billy Meehan, who tells his brother there is a witness to the killing. Fallon visits the church and confesses to the priest in a bid to ensure his silence; he also meets and finds himself becoming attracted to the priest's blind niece Anna , who lives at the church along with her uncle. Meehan, however, insists that Fallon must kill the priest too and tells Fallon he will not be paid until the loose end is tied up. Fallon now finds himself targeted by both the Meehans and the IRA, who see him as a security risk following his disappearance, and send Docherty and another member, Siobhan Donovan , to London to persuade him to return to Ireland. Billy Meehan eventually decides to take matters in his own hands and goes to the church looking for Fallon, but Anna kills him in a struggle when he attacks her after finding her alone in the church house. Fallon meanwhile manages to outwit a group of Meehan's men who had been assigned to kill him after tricking him aboard a boat he was assured would be taking him to the US. Returning to the church, Fallon finds Jack Meehan with a bomb he intends to use to kill the priest and his niece but which will be blamed on Fallon and his IRA connections. After a struggle, Anna and Michael escape, but the bomb goes off killing Meehan and leaving Fallon fatally injured. In his dying moments, Fallon confesses his past to the priest, who grants him absolution. Fallon dies in peace."] [' At the very beginning of the film, Bill Gates  walks onto the stage of the pavilion in MacArthur Park, Los Angeles, California on Thursday, December 2, 1999 to give a check for one million dollars to "Literacy For Life" as part of the "Bill Gates Foundation."  Upon reaching the stage, Gates is shot dead by a sniper - first in the right shoulder, then the head. While chasing after the unknown sniper through an abandoned building, a rookie police officer fatally shoots Alek J. Hidell , a minor anti-establishment figure and minority, in the head. Hiddell is named as the assassin of Gates, a report to this effect is filed by district attorney Gil Garcetti, and the case is closed. Beyond this point, which occurs before the opening credits are finished, Gates doesn\'t reappear and is mentioned only as a wealthy successful man and the subject of the assassination being investigated. The word "Microsoft" barely makes an appearance in the film, and Gates is portrayed as a well-liked and missed public figure, with a very passing mention of the existence of anti-Gates sentiment.  However, a group of people dissatisfied with the official version of events organizes into the activist group Citizens for Truth, and sets out to examine the available evidence of the assassination. The organization uncovers numerous details that create reasonable doubt as to the guilt of Hiddell in the assassination, and the possibility that the real assassin is still at large. The mockumentary follows the organization as they grow in numbers, political prominence, and progress in their investigative efforts. The organization\'s success reaches a climax at their first annual convention, which is followed by their rapid drop in credibility and visibility to become effectively irrelevant.'] ['Set 18 months after the events of the second movie, an attack is taking place in Washington DC, explosions, helicopters and machine guns firing. A man runs through a burning White House to the Oval Office. United States President Gerald Fitzhugh  videotapes his confession in the oval office of The White House. Afterwards, he looks out the window as a shadowy figure arrives in the background. The movie then cuts one week earlier. The Tribulation Force, consisting of Rayford Steele, his daughter Chloe Steele, Buck Williams, Bruce Barnes, and Chris Smith, and many other unnamed people, are in the process of stealing Bibles from a Global Community  compound. The GC bursts into the warehouse and shoots Chris Smith wounding while the remaining Trib Force members escape. The guards ask Chris who he works for to which he replies "The Son of Man," they ask him again and Chris\' answer is "God Almighty" at that point the guard executes him. At Washington, D.C., somewhere at a rural lake, the president and his vice-president, John Mallory, are taking some time away from the White House. Mallory informs Fitzhugh of Nicolae\'s plans and how he has found evidence that Nicolae is planning an attack on American soil. Before he shares the information, a car explodes behind them. Troops storm in attempting to kill the President. Another man fires a rocket-propelled grenade and Mallory dies from the ambush attack, but a militia group comes to the aid of the President. Back at the Trib Force underground headquarters, Bruce Barnes performs a double wedding ceremony: Buck to Chloe, and Rayford to Amanda White, the newest member who once knew Rayford\'s first wife before the vanishings. After the ceremony is over, Buck heads over to L.A. and Rayford flies to New Babylon. Nicolae meets with Fitzhugh who expresses his deepest concern over the news of Mallory\'s death, and teams up with Carolyn Miller , who poses as Nicolae\'s top aide at GC headquarters. Together, they find Nicolae\'s secret plan of stealing bibles and lacing them with anthrax before distributing them. The GC block their escape, with Fitzhugh killing one of the guards in the process. Fitzhugh is recruited by Miller\'s ragtag military team to help take out Nicolae, which he participates in. As Fitzhugh enters the GC building and asks to see the president . Fitzhugh enters Nicolae\'s office, but Nicolae was already aware of Fitzhugh\'s assassination attempt and foils it. Fitzhugh tries to shoot Nicolae with three rounds, but isn\'t affected as they go through him and hit a guard instead. Nicolae turns on all of the TVs in his office revealing that World War III has begun, the screens shows footage of cities being destroyed, bombs being dropped  and a wave  destroying an aircraft carrier. Outside in the background of Nicolae\'s office, air raid sirens are blaring, explosions rise into the sky and machine guns and tank blasts are heard. Using supernatural techniques, Nicolae throws Fitzhugh out of a 20-story window, landing on top of a car. Nicolae goes over to the window to see, in disgust, Fitzhugh getting up and walking away. Nicolae then looks to the sky and say, "That\'s not humanly possible, is it?". Everyone is shocked when Fitzhugh returns to the militia base and informs them that the plan failed: Carolyn takes this the hardest. The underground Trib Force HQ is hit as World War III approaches. Bruce and Chloe are infected with the virulent bacteria, but in the end it is Chloe who survives when red wine, used in the communion they just took part of, is revealed to be the antidote. Buck meets Fitzhugh in a destroyed White House, where he helps the president become a Christian. Fitzhugh then confronts Nicolae where he activates a personal transmitter , hoping to obliterate the entire GC headquarters, and himself, with a missile locked onto the transmitter\'s location. The missile hits the GC building and Fitzhugh is killed in the explosion as the building collapses and dust flies from the bottom. Buck Williams then gets a call in the elevator from Chloe as she tells him about the wine and Bruce\'s death. Buck promises to come home from his trip soon as the elevator stops and the door opens to reveal an armed Carolyn. She lowers her weapon and Buck states that "we need to talk," implying that they had met before. Before the credits, what\'s left of the Global Community Building is burning down, police sirens are wailing in the background and explosions are still going on. Nicolae Carpathia walks out from the flames looking very mad, completely unharmed.'] ['A Nazi scientist experiments with biological warfare with which he intends to wage the next war against Britain.'] ["William Shatner plays the role of Aidan Carvell, a businessman running for Congress as an independent candidate with what is presented as a broadly libertarian agenda. Unknown to the public, Carvell is training and arming a militia force. Though the purpose of this private army is never wholly specified, a general sense of sinister intent is established. Carvell's political campaign manager Frank Jennings  is persuaded by the FBI to assist them in indicting Carvell for treason. Carvell sets out to punish Jennings for this betrayal, requiring Jennings to fight for his own safety as well as that of his family."] ["{{tone}} A political thriller steeped in illegal oil trading, the Russian Mafia, and governmental cover-ups. Christian Slater, Selma Blair, Angie Harmon and Robert Loggia star in a gripping tale of assassination, deception and corruption set in the high-stakes world of corporate investment and international oil trading. With America at war and in the grip of a crippling fuel crisis, Wall Street analyst Tom Hanson  agrees to broker a lucrative deal between a Russian oil cartel and his investment firm's biggest client, led by cold-blooded CEO Jared Tolson . While juggling his growing attraction to newly-hired associate, Abby Gallagher a Harvard graduate who wants to save the world and has an innovative idea for helping those seeking alternative energy sources further their research. The snake pit of Wall Street is the last place she wants to be, but Gordon convinces her that his company can make her alternative energy dream a reality . Tom learns all is not what it seems with the deal. Digging deeper, he and Abby soon find themselves trapped in a dangerous web of treachery and murder that will keep you guessing until the very end."] ["The film is set during the Arab oil embargo of 1976. Khalil Abdul-Muhsen , is the Saudi Arabian minister of state who proposes to recognize Israel, support Israeli membership in OPEC and sell Saudi oil to needy nations. The object of his plan is to protect third-world nations from the threat of Cold War ideology. Khalil's radical agenda and idealism however finds few friends and he is soon the target of multiple assassination attempts by Arab terrorist groups. They send Nicole Scott  to infiltrate Abdul-Muhsen's entourage, seduce him and await further instructions. However, she develops strong feelings for him in reality and the completion of the plan is jeopardized."] ["Inba ([[Madhavan  is a goon, because his brother has left him alone and he had no option of earning back home. He loves, marries, and abuses his wife, Sashi. Michael Vasanth  is a influential student leader who wants politicians like Selvanayagam  to keep away from college elections. Michael is in love with his neighbour Geetha  who lives with her parents. And then there is Arjun Balakrishnan([[Siddharth , carefree and spoiled son of an IAS officer. He wants to relocate to the U.S. for a better future. He falls in love with Meera , whom he just met. After talking to Michael, Arjun changes his mind and wants to be a politician. Selvanayagam is worried when he hears news of students standing in the election. He uses every possible way to get them out of Politics. Firstly he provides scholarship of a prestigious foreign university to Michael. When Micheal refuses the bribe, he orders his goon Inba to take control. Inba beats some students but faces very strong retaliation from Michael and his fellow students. He kidnaps Arjun and other candidates. However, they manage to escape with the help of Inba's ally, Dilli ([[Sriman . Inba follows Arjun and beats him up. While running, Arjun manages to call Michael for help. He comes to rescue Arjun at Napier Bridge. Then Inba is handed to the police. Michael wins the four seats he and his fellow students have contested for. Sashi leaves for her hometown while Inba remains in prison. Michael, Arjun and two friends enter as politicians."] ['Following the events in Category 6: Day of Destruction, the superstorm that hit Chicago is continuing to grow in size and strength, with tornadoes hitting Paris and destroying the Eiffel Tower. Judith Carr , the new head of FEMA struggles to coordinate efforts to prepare for the aftermath of the storm and provide aid to ravaged areas. She calls in her former college lover, Dr. Ross Duffy , and her father Senator Ryan Carr  to help her try to determine what is causing the storms and how to deal with the political issues. Tommy Tornado , who survived his seeming death in the previous film, returns to aid in tracking the storm in the United States, assisted by scientist Faith Clavell . Similar storms are developing around the country and an interaction between urban heat islands and "falling chunks of mesosphere" fuels the storms making them more powerful. Hurricane Eduardo strikes toward Florida while the Category 6 storm hits Buffalo and heads towards New York City. During these catastrophic events, two Christian fundamentalists  fake the arrival of the plagues of Egypt to lure in new converts, culminating in their kidnapping of the first-born children of Judith Carr and other high-ranking officials. When Tommy and Faith get their data to FEMA when in New York, Judith realizes that Hurricane Eduardo is heading towards Washington, D.C. and the Category 6 storm in New York is heading in the same direction. When both storms collide with the mesosphere, it turns into a "Category 7" hurricane, obliterating anything in its path. The force of the storm is so massive, that a category 7 could potentially cause a global catastrophe, possibly leading to the apocalypse .'] ['During the Korean War, the Soviets capture an American platoon and take them to Manchuria in Communist China. After the war, the soldiers return to the United States, and Staff Sergeant Raymond Shaw  is credited with saving their lives in combat. Upon the recommendation of the platoon\'s commander, Captain Bennett Marco , Shaw is awarded the Medal of Honor for his supposed actions. When asked to describe him, Marco and the other soldiers automatically respond, "Raymond Shaw is the kindest, bravest, warmest, most wonderful human being I\'ve ever known in my life." Deep down, however, they know that Shaw is a cold, sad, unsociable loner. Marco &mdash; who has since been promoted to Major &mdash; suffers from a recurring nightmare in which a hypnotized Shaw kills two fellow soldiers before the assembled military brass of communist nations, during a practical demonstration of a brainwashing technique. Marco wants to investigate, but receives no support from Army Intelligence as he has no proof. However, Marco learns that another soldier from the platoon, Allen Melvin ([[James Edwards , has had the same nightmare. When Melvin and Marco separately identify some of the men in the dream as leading figures in communist governments, Army Intelligence agrees to help Marco investigate.  Meanwhile, Shaw\'s mother, Mrs. Eleanor Iselin , drives the political career of her husband and Shaw\'s stepfather, Senator John Yerkes Iselin ([[James Gregory , a McCarthy-like demagogue who is widely dismissed as a fool. Senator Iselin finds a newfound political profile when he claims that an undetermined number of Communists work within the Defense Department. However, unknown to Raymond, Mrs. Iselin is actually a Communist agent with a plan intended to secure the presidency under Communist influence. Mrs. Iselin is the American "operator" responsible for controlling Raymond, who was conditioned in Manchuria to be an unwitting assassin whose actions are triggered by a Queen of Diamonds playing card. When he sees it, he will obey the next suggestion or order given to him. When given instructions to kill selected targets, he must also kill any witnesses and never remember his actions, making him the perfect assassin. It is revealed that Shaw\'s heroism was a false memory implanted in the platoon by the Communists in Manchuria, and that they were covertly returned to the American lines when their conditioning was completed; the actions for which Shaw was awarded his Medal of Honor never took place. Raymond briefly finds happiness when he rekindles a youthful romance with Jocelyn Jordan , the daughter of Senator Thomas Jordan , one of his stepfather\'s political rivals. Raymond had previously courted Jocelyn in order to get back at his mother, but they then genuinely fell in love. Mrs. Iselin broke up the relationship for political reasons, but now facilitates the couple\'s reunion as part of her scheme to garner the support of Senator Jordan for her husband\'s own sudden bid for Vice President. Jocelyn, wearing a Queen of Diamonds costume outfit, inadvertently hypnotizes Raymond at a costume party thrown by the Iselins, and the couple elopes. Although pleased with the match, Senator Jordan makes it clear to Mrs. Iselin that he will move for her husband\'s impeachment if he makes any attempt to seek the vice-presidential nomination. Mrs. Iselin triggers Raymond\'s conditioning and sends him to assassinate Jordan. Raymond carries out his orders, and also kills Jocelyn when she happens upon the scene. Raymond has no knowledge of his actions, and is genuinely grief-stricken when he learns of the murders. Marco discovers the role of the Queen of Diamonds card in hypnotizing Raymond into committing murder. Marco meets Raymond and, using a deck composed entirely of such cards, gets the full story; he then orders Raymond to break the links between the card and obeying any further subsequent orders. Mrs. Iselin primes her son to assassinate their party\'s presidential candidate at the nomination convention so that Senator Iselin, as the vice-presidential candidate, will become the presidential candidate by default. This will cause mass hysteria that will get Iselin, "the Manchurian candidate", elected and justify emergency powers that, in Mrs. Iselin\'s words, "will make martial law seem like anarchy". Mrs. Iselin tells Raymond that she did not know that he was to be selected by the Communists, who apparently chose him to be the assassin because they believed it would solidify their own hold and control over her. She vows that once in power she will "grind them into the dirt". Marco\'s attempt to free Raymond appears to have failed. Raymond enters the convention hall disguised as a Catholic priest and takes up a position to carry out the assassination as he was instructed, using a rifle with a scope. Marco and his supervisor, Colonel Milt ([[Douglas Henderson , arrive at the convention to stop him. As the Presidential nominee  makes his speech, Raymond instead takes his revenge and saves the country by shooting his mother and stepfather dead. He then commits suicide in front of Marco while wearing his Medal of Honor.'] ["The plot portrays the Swedish government as being responsible for using the ship to covertly transport Russian high-tech components to the United States. The story is uncovered by a young female journalist, not unlike Rabe herself. According to Rabe, divers hired by the Swedish government  spent hours breaking into cabins frantically searching for a black attaché case carried by a Russian space technology dealer, Aleksandr Voronin . She highlighted US interest in various Soviet technology, including nuclear-powered satellites. She also suggested that panic about the stability of some form of nuclear device is the most likely reason behind the initial Swedish government suggestion of burying the wreck in concrete, a highly unusual proposal for a wreck, reminiscent of Chernobyl's sarcophagus."] ['Most of the story is told in flashbacks, starting with Hoffa first meeting Ciaro and ending with one version of Hoffa\'s mysterious disappearance. Hoffa and Ciaro are first seen impatiently waiting in the parking lot of a diner in 1975. Others are late for a meeting. Asked if he wants to leave, Hoffa gives Ciaro a scornful glance. The first flashback to 1935 then occurs: A young Jimmy Hoffa approaches a parked truck, inside of which driver Ciaro is taking a nap. Hoffa talks to him about the benefits of joining the Teamsters. He gives Ciaro a business card, on which he has written: "Give this man whatever he needs." A few days later, Ciaro reports to work to find Hoffa attempting to organize the workers. Hoffa blurts out about their ride together and Ciaro is fired. He later accosts Hoffa with a Bowie Knife, but is persuaded to drop it at gunpoint by Hoffa\'s associate Billy Flynn. Ciaro joins the pair in the arson bombing of a laundry whose owner has refused to cooperate with the Teamsters. Flynn is badly burned and dies. Ciaro succeeds him as Hoffa\'s right-hand man. Another flashback shows a Teamsters strike. While strikers fight with non-union workers and police, Hoffa is taken to a local Mafia boss. Ciaro, who speaks Italian, comes along. An alliance between the Teamsters and the mob is formed. Hoffa meets Carol  D\'Allesandro, who would become his closest mob ally. Hoffa rises to the presidency of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters. His illegal activities include the use of Teamster funds to provide loans to the mob. At a Congressional hearing, Hoffa is questioned by Robert F. Kennedy regarding his suspicious union activities.  The tension between Kennedy and Hoffa grows, especially after John F. Kennedy is elected U.S. President and brother Bobby becomes Attorney General. Hoffa is betrayed by a junior associate, Peter Connelly, in court. The evidence used against him are the plans he wrote on the back of a hunting license. He surrenders to federal officials and serves time in a Pennsylvania federal prison while Frank Fitzsimmons takes his place as Teamsters boss. Ciaro, also convicted and imprisoned, is freed before Hoffa and immediately begins working for his boss\'s release. D\'Allesandro suggests that the Teamsters endorse Richard M. Nixon for President, the idea being that in exchange for Teamster endorsement, Hoffa will receive a presidential pardon. Hoffa gets out and expects to again run the Teamsters, but learns that one of the conditions of his release is that he is ineligible to run the union for ten years. Hoffa meets with D\'Allesandro and is shown screaming at the gangster that Hoffa wants Fitzsimmons dead; the tirade is laced with various obscenities and descriptive suggestions as to what to do with a few of Fitzsimmons\' body parts. D\'Allesandro tells Hoffa that he\'s \'too hot\' and that \'I can\'t get close to it\'. Hoffa leaves with the matter unresolved. Some time later, Hoffa tells D\'Allesandro  that unless the matter of Fitzsimmons can be settled , Hoffa will go to the press and detail his dealings with D\'Allesandro. D\'Allesandro then tells Ciaro to tell Hoffa that \'everything\'s gonna be all right\' and also that Ciaro should tell Hoffa \'I know he doesn\'t mean it\' and that they should all meet the next day at \'The Roadhouse\', a local diner. Hoffa and Ciaro spend several hours waiting for D\'Allesandro in the parking lot of the diner but he never arrives. A purported union driver  who had been waiting in the diner, allegedly for a part for his truck, reveals himself to be a \'hit man\' after gaining the trust of Ciaro during short conversations over the course of the long wait. Just exactly who sent this \'hit man\' is not revealed, however, the implication is that he was sent by D\'Allesandro in retaliation for Hoffa\'s threat to \'go to the press\'. Hoffa is gunned down in the back seat of his car and Ciaro is shot while attempting to come to Hoffa\'s aid. Ciaro\'s body is dumped on top of Hoffa\'s and the car is driven into the back of a large truck that had driven up as the shootings were taking place.  The camera focuses on the roll-up door of the truck showing the different state plates, implying a final bit of irony: that Hoffa\'s dead body is being transported, in all likelihood, by a Teamster driver. The truck drives off into the sunset and the movie ends.'] ['Pete Garrison  is a Secret Service agent and one of the personal bodyguards for First Lady of the United States Sarah Ballentine , with whom he is having an affair. He is one of the oldest and most experienced agents, having been involved in saving Ronald Reagan\'s life during the Reagan assassination attempt. A fellow agent and close friend, Charlie Merriweather , is murdered. Garrison gets word from a trusted informant that the killing of Merriweather is related to an assassination plot against the President. The intelligence provided by the informant reveals that a mole with access to the President\'s security detail had provided information to the assassins. The Secret Service Protective Intelligence Division, led by Garrison\'s former protégé and ex-friend David Breckinridge  with rookie partner Jill Marin , is tasked with investigating the plot, which begins with polygraphs for every agent. Meanwhile, the mole discovers the discussion with the informant and Garrison\'s affair with the First Lady, and attempts to blackmail Garrison by luring him to a coffee shop known to be a meeting point for Colombian gangs. After failing the polygraph test , Garrison becomes the prime suspect for providing the information to the assassins. Breckinridge confronts Garrison at home and begins to interrogate him. The source of rancor between them comes to light: Garrison supposedly had an affair with Breckinridge’s wife and caused the breakup of their marriage, which he denies. Garrison escapes capture and conducts an independent investigation of the assassination plot, while making brief contact with the First Lady to deny his involvement. He tries to contact the informant who gave him the tip, but finds that he has been killed. Breckinridge gets the drop on Garrison but refuses to kill him, despite giving other agents "shoot to kill" orders. Using his contacts with sympathetic agents and family members, Garrison tracks down the location of one of the assassins, and learns they are headed to Toronto to attack the president at the G8 summit. After killing the assassin and finding incriminating evidence in the apartment, Garrison tells Marin of the discovery, but later finds that the evidence and body of the assassin was removed before she arrived. The First Lady discloses her affair with Garrison to Breckinridge, who now believes that Garrison is innocent. Together in Toronto, they discover the identity of the assassins and the mole, senior agent William Montrose , who was never polygraphed. Montrose is in charge of directing security at the G8 summit. The leader of the assassins, The Handler , tells Montrose to give him the President. Montrose attempts to refuse, but there is a threat to the lives of the agent\'s wife and two daughters if he backs out. Emotionally torn, Montrose is instructed by The Handler to jam the secret service\'s communication radios, and leave the summit via a specific route; the assassins will handle the rest. On the night of the President\'s speech, Breckinridge and Garrison race to the summit. The assassins, dressed as Royal Canadian Mounted Police  ERT operators, kill several agents and try to kill the President. Montrose reveals he is the mole to the President, despite the assassin\'s threats against Montrose\'s family. Montrose then purposely walks in front of and is ultimately killed by one of the assassins in the stairwell. Garrison, Breckinridge and Marin kill the remaining disguised assassins while safely bringing the President and First Lady up to the summit to be evacuated. With all of his accomplices dead, The Handler comes forward dressed as an RCMP officer personally to kill the President and First Lady. He grabs Sarah Ballentine hostage and aims his pistol to shoot the President, but Garrison shoots him dead. In spite of the events, Garrison is forced to take an early retirement due to the disclosure of the affair with the First Lady, who looks on sadly from her window as Garrison leaves the White House. He does, however, make peace with Breckinridge, who finally realizes that Garrison never slept with his wife. Breckenridge tells Garrison that he is meeting her later on to talk things over.'] ['The film opens as a psychological thriller – IRA foot soldier Fergus  and a unit of other IRA fighters, including a woman named Jude  and led by Maguire , kidnap Jody , a black British soldier. The IRA demands the release of other jailed IRA members, threatening to execute Jody in three days if their demands are not met. While the amiable Fergus guards Jody, they develop a bond – much to the chagrin of the other IRA men. During this time, Jody tells Fergus the story about the Scorpion and the Frog. Jody persuades Fergus to make sure his girlfriend, Dil , will be all right after Jody has been killed. The deadline set by Jody\'s captors passes and Jody is to be executed. Fergus takes Jody into the woods to carry out the sentence. However, Jody knows that Fergus is no murderer at heart, and makes a break for it. Sure enough, Fergus cannot bring himself to shoot the fleeing Jody in the back, but Jody is instead accidentally run over and killed by British armoured personnel carriers as they suddenly move in to assault the IRA safehouse. With his IRA companions seemingly dead after the attack, Fergus hides from the main body of the IRA in London, where he takes a job as a day labourer, using the alias "Jimmy". While in London, Fergus meets Jody\'s attractive girlfriend Dil at a hair salon. Later they talk in a bar, where the next evening he sees her singing "The Crying Game". Fergus still suffers from guilt about Jody\'s death and sees him in his dreams bowling a cricket ball to him. He continues to pursue Dil, protecting her from an obsessive suitor and gradually falling in love with her. Later, when he is about to make love to her in her apartment, he discovers that she is in fact a pre-op transwoman. His initial reaction is of revulsion. Rushing to the bathroom to throw up, he accidentally hits Dil in the face, leaving her with a nosebleed. He then leaves the apartment. A few days later, Fergus leaves Dil a note, and the two make up. Despite everything, Dil is still attracted to him. Around the same time, Jude unexpectedly reappears in Fergus\' apartment. She tells him that the IRA has tried and convicted him in absentia. She forces him to agree to help with a new mission to aid in assassinating a well-known official. She also off-handedly mentions that she knows about Fergus and Dil, warning him that the IRA will kill him if Fergus does not co-operate. Fergus, however, cannot overcome his feelings for Dil, and continues wooing her. Fergus shields her from possible retribution by giving her a haircut and male clothes, as a disguise. The night before the IRA mission is to be carried out, Dil gets heavily drunk and Fergus has to escort her to her apartment, where Dil asks for Fergus to stay with her. Fergus complies, then admits to Dil that he had an indirect hand in her former boyfriend\'s death. Dil, drunk, appears not to have understood, but in the morning, before Fergus wakes up, Dil ties him to the bed. Dil unwittingly prevents Fergus from joining the other IRA members and completing the planned assassination. Holding Fergus at gunpoint, Dil forces him to tell Dil that he loves her and will never leave her. Dil unties him, saying that, even if he is lying, it is still nice to hear his words. Dil then breaks down in tears. A vengeful Jude then enters their room with a gun, seeking to kill Fergus for missing the assassination. Dil takes several shots at Jude, hitting her, whilst stating that she is aware that Jude was complicit in Jody\'s death and that Jude used her sexuality to trick him. Dil finally kills Jude with a shot in the neck. Dil then points the gun at Fergus, but lowers her hand, saying that she cannot kill him, because Jody will not allow her to. Fergus prevents Dil from shooting herself, and tells her to hide out in the club for a while. When Dil is gone, he wipes Dil\'s fingerprints off the gun and allows himself to be arrested in place of Dil. The epilogue takes place a few months later – Fergus, in prison, is visited by Dil. Dil, after talking with Fergus about plans once he gets out of jail, asks him why he took the fall for her in the first place. Fergus responds, "As a man once said, it\'s in my nature." He then tells her the story of the Scorpion and the Frog.'] ["Former OSS officer Alan Holiday  is visited by Catherine Carrel  on New Year's Eve, Carrel says she's a close friend of Jules Lemoine ([[Hugh Latimer  also a former OSS officer who served with Holiday during the war. Lemoine wants Holiday to go to Paris on a secret mission: to deliver a reel of tape, containing defense information, while Lemoine keeps a fake reel himself to deceive enemy agents. When Lemoine is killed and the fake tape stolen Holiday decides to go to Paris. He poses as an assistant to photographer Louis Vernay , and they take three models along to further the ruse.http://www.tcm.com/tcmdb/title/558330/Night-Train-to-Paris/"] ['On 22 November 1963, the day John F. Kennedy was assassinated Peter Miller, a young German freelance reporter, pulls to the curb to listen to a radio report of the event. As a result he happens to be stopped at a traffic signal as an ambulance passes by on a highway. He chases the ambulance and discovers it is en route to pick up the body of an elderly Jewish Holocaust survivor who had committed suicide, leaving behind no family. The reporter obtains the diary of the man, which contains information on his life in the World War II Riga Ghetto, and the name of the SS officer who ran the camp, Eduard Roschmann. Determined to hunt Roschmann down, Miller dares to go undercover to join and infiltrate the ODESSA and find Roschmann, who now runs a high tech company which plans to send radio gyroscopes and biochemical warheads to Egypt to use against Israel. ODESSA is an acronym for the German phrase "Organisation der Ehemaligen SS-Angehörigen", which translates as “Organization of Former Members of the SS”. The film\'s song, "Christmas Dream", is sung by Perry Como.'] ["The film opens to the sounds of a couple having sex. Afterwards, Carlos the Jackal  kills a spider in its web with his cigarette and evicts the woman  from his room because he claims he has work to do. He is seen donning a disguise, and he walks to a cafe where CIA officer Jack Shaw  is sitting at a table outdoors. He recognizes Shaw and asks for a light. Shaw does not recognize Carlos, because of his disguise, but he turns to watch Carlos enter the cafe. He watches as Carlos detonates a grenade, killing dozens of people. The film shows an event of attacking the OPEC meeting by the Jackal and his followers in 1975. In the present day a man, looking like Carlos, is apprehended in an open air market and brutally interrogated by a Mossad commander named Amos . The man claims to actually be a US Naval officer named Annibal Ramirez whose identification was lost in the chaos of his arrest. Amos confirms his identity and lets him go, stunned that Ramirez looks exactly like Carlos. Back at home, Ramirez is visited by Shaw who tries to recruit him to play Carlos' double. Ramirez is so embittered by his rough treatment in Amos' hands, that he insists he will sue and flatly rejects the idea of portraying Carlos. Shaw persists, wooing Ramirez on several occasions. He finally convinces Ramirez by showing him a child in a hospital who he claims is a victim of one of Carlos' bombings. Amos and Shaw train Ramirez at a former prison in Canada. Much of his training is devoted to situational awareness and internalizing details of Carlos' life. His training concludes with one of Carlos' ex-mistresses training Ramirez in how to make love like Carlos. The plan to catch Carlos revolves around convincing the KGB, which supports much of his terrorism, that he has begun to work with the CIA. The team lures one of Carlos' girlfriends to Libya, where Ramirez meets up with her, successfully posing as Carlos, even during their lovemaking. The girlfriend has become an informant for the French, however. Several French agents arrive at their apartment, and Ramirez is forced to kill them to survive. He is horrified at having to kill allies in his undercover operation. Carlos sends an assassin to kill the girlfriend in France, ordering him to leave Europe through London. The assassin happens to be in Heathrow airport at the same time as Ramirez, and he quickly realizes he is an impostor after Ramirez doesn't recognize him. The assassin forces Ramirez into a bathroom and a struggle ensues. Amos rushes in and manages to kill the assassin before being fatally shot. After Amos' death, the CIA shuts down the mission and Ramirez returns home. Back with his wife, he makes love to her as Carlos would, and she is disturbed by the change in his personality. The next day, at his son's little league game, he gets into a confrontation with another father and nearly kills him. Shaw bails him out of jail, and both men are clearly suffering deeply by not being able to finish their mission and kill Carlos. They head to East Berlin and conspicuously meet with each other. The KGB sees Ramirez meeting with Shaw and assumes Carlos has turned on them. They raid his safe house, but as they try to arrest them, he escapes. Shaw and Ramirez are waiting outside for him, and Ramirez fights Carlos on the bank of a river. It's impossible to tell which of the two is the real Carlos during the struggle. As one of the men is being held under water by the other, Shaw comes upon them and shoots the man above the water several times. He realizes that he has shot Ramirez, and Carlos swims away. Ramirez presses Shaw to leave him and chase Carlos, but Shaw insists that their plan has worked and Carlos is a marked man by the KGB. One way or another, Shaw points out that Carlos' days as a terrorist are over. After returning home, the Ramirez family is seen leaving for church. Their car explodes in a fireball. After their funeral, we find the deaths of Ramirez and his family were staged by Shaw, and in the final scene, the family are safely cavorting on a beach. Ramirez moves to kill a spider in its web with his cigarette, but appears to change his mind."] ['While on vacation in the Philippines, a Hong Kong touring bus and its occupants are kidnapped by Communist guerrilla rebels who wish to orchestrate an exchange with the government of the hostages for their jailed rebel leader.'] ["Set in the near future, UnCivil Liberties imagines a Big Brother-type government that uses technology to spy on its citizens. A militia assassin, Mike Wilson , is hired to kill a government agent, Cynthia Porter , who is reluctantly helping develop the technology. Wilson, however, can't bring himself to assassinate Porter, and soon his partner, Sam Norton , is hired to kill Wilson. After Wilson is dead and the militia headquarters are bombed, Norton decides to adopt Wilson's pacifism, and invites Porter to join him to change the future."] ["Alice Bowman  moves to the  South American country of Tecala because her husband, Peter ([[David Morse , has been hired to assist with building a dam. Though Alice is unhappy at this most recent move, she agrees to stay. When Peter is in the city one day, a convoy of automobiles  is ambushed by guerrilla rebels of the Liberation Army of Tecala . Believing that Peter actually works for an oil pipeline company, ELT soldiers abduct him and lead him into the country’s jungles. Terry Thorne , an ex-Australian SASR soldier, who later served with the British SAS due to lack of action in Australia, arrives in Tecala, fresh from a successful hostage rescue in Chechnya . Because of his expert skill in kidnapping-and-ransom cases, he is hired by Peter’s company to assist in bringing about Peter’s safe return. Unfortunately, it turns out that Peter’s company actually has no insurance coverage for kidnapping, so they cannot afford Thorne’s services. Despite Alice’s pleas to stay, Thorne leaves the country. Alice gets teamed up with a local hostage negotiator, who immediately urges her to pay the ELT’s first demand: a $50,000 “good faith” ransom payment. Not knowing what to do, Alice agrees, but the transaction is stopped by Thorne, who, following his conscience, has returned to help. He is aided by Dino , an ex-Green Beret.  Over the next several months, Thorne uses a radio to talk with an ELT contact, and the two argue over terms for Peter’s release—including a ransom payment that Alice can afford. With much downtime between conversations, Thorne and Alice talk, and an implicit attraction between the two seems to emerge. After much negotiation, it appears that the ELT will release Peter for a sum of $650,000. Meanwhile, Peter is led through the jungle by a group of younger rebels before arriving at the main jungle camp. There, he meets another hostage, Kessler, a missionary and former member of the French Foreign Legion, who has lived in the camp for nineteen months. The two concoct a plan to escape through the jungle. During their attempt, they are tracked by the ELT. Kessler falls into a river and manages to evade capture, but Peter steps on a trap and is recaptured. Kessler is found and hospitalized. In the hospital, he meets Alice and, having heard a gunshot at the time Peter was recaptured, tells Alice he believes her husband is dead. Thorne refuses to believe this, but he is unable to contact his ELT radio negotiator. Luckily, Alice’s housekeeper's daughter reveals the true identity of the ELT radio contact; she knows his voice quite well because she has done laundry service for him in the past. Thorne goes to the Tecala Armed Forces Demonstration Parade and confronts the ELT contact, who is actually a high-ranking government official. The contact confirms that Peter is indeed alive, but because Peter has seen secret ELT maps the opportunity for a deal has passed, and the ELT army will no longer negotiate. At Thorne's urging Alice convinces the Tecala government the ELT is about to mount an attack on the pipeline being built through their territory. The government army crossing the river draws the bulk of the ELT army out of the camp to counter-attack. This provides an opportunity for Thorne, Dino, and several associates to insert by helicopter and raid the ELT base. They overcome the resistance of the minimal defense left holding the camp and free not only Peter but also an Italian hostage held there as well. And so Peter is rescued and brought back safely to Alice. Thorne and Alice share a final moment together wherein the unrequited bond between them is painfully expressed, and the movie ends with a poignant image of a lonely hero."] ["Louisiana Governor Chip Majors  is front in line to be North Carolina Senator Edmonds'  Vice Presidential nominee. The day he is to be announced, Majors goes to a hotel, where he meets a prostitute. After a few moments, the prostitute takes out a gun and tries to assassinate him, but Majors overpowers her, and realizes that a group (led by a man named Graham , is trying to assassinate him before he is chosen. Majors kills the prostitute, but his protection, Devon  and Thomas Cobbs  find out. Majors offers them both a million dollars, and they eventually agree to the bribe. Meanwhile, Cobbs's former girlfriend, Gloria  is torturing one of the men behind the plot to assassinate Governor Majors. Cobbs calls Gloria, unaware of what she is doing, and asks about Majors. She tells him that Majors lied about a lot of his military background and is very unfaithful to his wife. Majors goes down to a campaign party and rubs elbows with many of his strongest donors. Eventually, Devon finds out about the assassination attempt and hurries Governor Majors out of the campaign party. As they make their way out, they find Cobbs dead. They drive off, facing fire from nearly all sides. After they get to safety, Devon takes Majors out of the car and says that he has to arrest the Governor for murder. Majors reveals that he had been shot during the escape, and as police arrive, it looks like Devon had assassinated Majors. Later, Graham is informed that the assassination was a success and Devon is now in prison."] ['The central character of the film is Harry Melchior, played by Heino Ferch and based on the real tunneler, Hasso Herschel. Despite being imprisoned for several years for his role in the June 1953 uprising in East Germany, Melchior competes for and wins the national swimming championship in 1961. With the aid of a false passport and disguise, Harry succeeds in fleeing to West Berlin. His best friend, Matthis  manages to escape through the underground sewer, but Matthis\'s pregnant wife Carola  was not so lucky and remained in East Berlin. Harry\'s beloved sister, Lotte  and her husband and daughter are ambivalent about leaving the confines of the GDR. Committed to getting their loved ones out of the GDR but knowing that ground routes are heavily guarded, Harry and Matthis have the idea of going underground. Matthis is an engineer by training. They link up with a small circle of others, initially Vittorio \'Vic\' Constanza  and Fred van Klausnitz . They find an unused factory building close to the Wall that has ample underground space. They are eventually joined by Fritzi Scholz , whose fiancé Heiner  is also trapped in the east. The work is slow, hard and sometimes dangerous, and the group reluctantly agrees to take in several more helpers. Over a span of months, the tunnel takes shape following Matthis\' design with the necessary shoring, lights and even a railbed. Discovering a film crew from NBC in the city one day, the leaders convince the network to fund their efforts in exchange for exclusive footage of the digging and eventual escape. In the meantime, communication with the would-be rescuees in the east is necessary but hazardous. Vic, an American citizen, can pass through the border freely. He is in contact with Lotte and with Carola. The latter, however, has been blackmailed by the Stasi to inform; if she does not cooperate, the state will take her soon-to-be-born baby. Carola informs on Vic and he is detained when trying to cross back to West Berlin. He is released after a while but cannot go back to the east. Fritzi\'s love, Heiner, makes a futile attempt to cross the barb-wire and walls, but is shot by the border police  and left to die in a scene mirroring the true case of Peter Fechter. Overseeing the efforts to thwart tunnelers and other efforts at "illegal emigration" is Colonel Krüger . Finally the pieces are all in place for the planned escape of about 30 people. Word is spread by surreptitious means, though the Stasi are watching closely. They go to the home of Fred\'s widowed mother to take her into custody, but she takes her own life first. Carola has admitted to Lotte that she has been an informant but swears she can now be trusted. In a ruse that means leaving her baby with Lotte\'s family, she leads her Stasi tail to a remote location far from the actual escape site. Fritzi has crossed the border with a fake passport and Harry has entered through the tunnel. Surprising a border guard, Harry takes his uniform, steel helmet and gun, and blends into the troops swarming through the area. The would-be escapees gather in a café across from the building where the tunnel ends, and Fritzi gradually escorts them over. Tense moments ensue as Colonel Krüger closes in, and pursues the escapees through the tunnel. A sign has been erected marking the boundary of the French sector of West Berlin, and they have the political sense to know they can go no further.'] ["“The Plot to Kill Hitler” is a historical re-creation of the 1944 attempt by several German High Command officers to assassinate Adolf Hitler and take control of the German government, with the ultimate intention of surrendering their country to the Allies. Led by Army Colonel Claus von Stauffenberg, this group of dedicated officers managed to plant a bomb, hidden in Stauffenberg's briefcase, in Hitler’s battlefield headquarters. By sheer luck, Hitler survived the blast and the SS quickly arrested and executed most of those involved. The film is historically inaccurate in one aspect&mdash;Hitler's involvement in astrology. One scene has him looking over astrological charts, which some people believe about the Nazi leader. Most historians, however, regard this as false.{{Citation needed}}"] ['In early 1939, before the start of World War II, Sir Robert Hunter  takes aim at Adolf Hitler with a high-powered rifle, but misses when he is spotted and tackled by an SS guard. Captured and tortured by the Gestapo, he is then left for dead, but manages to make his way back to England where, to his shock, he discovers the Gestapo has followed him. Believing that the government would, in all likelihood, turn him over to German authorities, Sir Robert goes underground  to escape his pursuers.'] ['Martin McGartland  is a 21-year-old street hustler from Northern Ireland, living in the 1980s. The Irish Republican Army wants to recruit him, but he is reluctant because of what he sees as their cruel justice. Because of his connection to the community, the British police want him to infiltrate and spy on the IRA. Marty agrees because of the car and money he gets from the police and because he dislikes the IRA. The IRA accepts him as a Volunteer and in that position he learns of various planned attacks. He then informs Fergus, his police contact, to prevent these attacks. He builds up a new sense of self-esteem, but he cannot tell his family and friends about his activities. Even his new girlfriend Lara  only notices that he seems to do some work for the IRA, which worries her. All along, the British accept the risk that the IRA may discover that Marty works for them. They do not plan to rescue him in that case. When it happens, the IRA capture and torture Marty, but he manages to escape by throwing himself out of a window. His handler Fergus is now his only ally--he finds him and helps him hide. Fergus offers to arrange for Marty and Lara and their children to live in Scotland but Marty realises that she would never be able to feel safe. He then goes on the run to Canada alone, leaving his family behind. As shown at the start of the film, he is shot there by the IRA and survives.'] ["Widmark plays Skip McCoy, an insolent pickpocket who steals the wallet of Candy . Unbeknownst to Skip or Candy, the wallet contains a microfilm of top-secret government information. Candy was delivering an envelope as a final favor to her ex-boyfriend, Joey. But Candy didn't know the envelope's content, nor did she know that Joey was a Communist spy. Joey's espionage had been under Federal investigation for months. Skip is soon the subject of a manhunt: wanted by police, federal agents, and by Candy and Joey. Candy attempts to seduce Skip, but he turns her down. But when Skip discovers the importance of the microfilm, he rejects the cops' appeals to patriotism and instead offers the microfilm to whoever can deliver $25,000. After Candy realizes that Skip had set her up, she changes sides in the scheme and confesses her love for Skip. A Communist agent interrogates Moe . Skip's only real friend, she refuses to rat him out. The agent kills her in cold blood, and Skip vows revenge. The agent, Joey, then confronts Candy in her apartment. She has obtained 4 of the 5 film slides from Skip, but refuses to tell Joey where the last is, and he shoots her. The cops then arrive and try to arrest Joey, who escapes and chases after Skip. He runs into Skip on the subway where the two engage in a climatic battle that ends with Skip beating Joey to death. Thanking him for his help, the police wipe Skip's record, and he finally leaves with a recovered Candy hoping to start a new life."] ["Famous motion picture producer and writer Jesse Craig  attends a film festival on the French Riviera. He has not been actively making films for a few years and some in the film industry think he has retired, but he comes to the Riviera with a new screenplay to show it to his friend and film/literary agent Brian Murphy  who is attending the festival. The screenplay is a cautionary tale about terrorists attacking major cities in the United States using hijacked commercial airliners containing nuclear bombs as the attack vehicles. No one knows the content of the script or its author who Craig claims is a new writer by the name of Malcolm Hart. Bret Easton  is a popular American film actor, director and producer who lives and makes films in Europe. His most recent film is about a revolution and uprising in a third world country in which he portrays the leader of the revolutionaries in the film. He secretly arranges to get a copy of Craig's script by sending several women to Murphy's hotel suite. While Murphy is otherwise occupied one of the women takes the script downstairs to the copier machine in the hotel offices. Craig meets a former love, Constance Dobson  and they decide to travel into the countryside together to a small inn. Meanwhile Easton has read Craig's script at his riviera mansion and is deeply troubled. His underling, Fabricio  asks him what he wishes to be done. Easton replies, we'll have to kill Mr. Craig. Later that evening Fabricio secretly enters Craig's room at the inn where Craig and Constance are staying and plants a bomb among Craig's clothing. The bomb is a string of plastic explosives concealed within the belt of Craig's bathrobe. When the ends of the belt are drawn together it closes the circuit setting off the electrical detonator of the bomb. When Craig enters the room he goes to the bathroom to shower. Constance undresses to surprise Craig when he emerges from the bathroom. She puts on Craig's robe and unknowingly detonates the bomb when she ties the belt. The bomb blast kills Constance and injures Craig who is taken to a local hospital. The police inform Craig that he was the intended target of the bomb and the type of bomb that was used is the trademark of an assassin who works for a terrorist group that has been staging attacks across Europe. Craig starts his own investigation in an attempt to avenge Constance's murder. He meets a reporter, Gail McKinnon  who wants to interview him. She ends up assisting him with his inquiries. Craig also contacts an old friend who he had served with in the war, Major General Jerry Olson U.S. Air Force, who commands the nearby NATO Air Force Base, for help in gathering intelligence about this terrorist group. After many plot twists and harrowing experiences Jesse and Gail uncover the fact that Bret Easton is one of the leaders of the terrorist group and the reason he tried to murder Jesse was that Jesse's screenplay, of which Jesse is the real author, comes very close to describing the terrorists' latest attack plan. Meanwhile the terrorists have secretly taken control of three airliners and have landed them on remote and desolate airfields that have been prepared in advance to off load and imprison the airliners' passengers and then quickly retrofit the planes to each transport and drop a nuclear bomb on three cities in the United States. These cities are Washington, DC, New York City, and Miami, FL. Bombs have been planted on three flying commercial airliners and set to detonate in flight so the terrorist controlled jets can impersonate the legitimate commercial flights. Jesse Craig and Gail confront Easton on Easton's yacht which is at sea several miles off the coast. Easton confirms Craig's suspicions while boasting about his grand plans and then tries to murder him. A violent brawl ensues and Easton tries to stab Craig with a small sharpened boat anchor. Craig gets a hold a revolver that he had taken off a dead terrorist before he boarded the yacht and shoots Easton dead. Jesse and Gail use the radio-telephone on the yacht to contact General Olson. It turns out that General Olsen is flying on one of the targeted jetliners and he is onboard speaking with Jesse via cockpit radio when the bomb onboard explodes. Realizing that General Olson is dead, Jesse contacts General Olson's executive officer at the NATO base and informs him of events. The Air Force is able to identify and shoot down the three terrorist controlled airliners just minutes before their attack runs on the cities take place."] ['At a ball, U.S. Navy Lieutenant Commander Tom Farrell meets a young woman, Susan Atwell, and the two immediately begin an affair, although Atwell is involved with someone else. During his next Naval deployment, Farrell rescues a fellow sailor during a storm and becomes a hero. He is brought back to Washington to work at The Pentagon for Secretary of Defense David Brice on the recommendation of his General Counsel Scott Pritchard, an old friend of Farrell\'s. Brice, determined to cancel a boondoggle Navy project that has powerful political backing, decides that Farrell should act as his direct liaison to the CIA to gather information about whether the Soviets really are working on a similar project. Soon after, Farrell finds out that the other man in Susan\'s life is Secretary Brice, who in turn learns of Susan\'s infidelity. While demanding the name of her new lover, Brice slaps Susan in a jealous rage, knocking her off an indoor balcony to her death. Ready to turn himself in, Brice is persuaded by Pritchard to cover up everything and blame it on someone else. They concoct a story that Susan\'s other lover was in fact a long-suspected but never confirmed KGB sleeper agent code-named "Yuri." In the aftermath, they focus all attention on an attempt to capture him. Confident that "Yuri" doesn\'t exist, CIA director Marshall dismisses the possibility of Pritchard having an affair with Susan, saying that Pritchard is homosexual. Brice appoints Farrell to lead the investigation to find Susan\'s other lover, placing him in the position of attempting to find evidence that could implicate himself. The only forensic evidence in the case is a discarded Polaroid negative recovered from Susan\'s house, which requires lengthy computer processing to become visible, and semen found in Susan\'s vagina, though mentioned, it is not pursued in the film, as PCR analysis of DNA was not yet in common use. Farrell pleads with systems analyst and old friend Sam Hesselman to slow down the processing, and tells him about Susan and Brice. Meanwhile, Farrell sets about proving Brice was involved with Susan by searching computer files for evidence that Brice gave Susan a government-registered gift he had previously received from Morocco. Pritchard harasses Nina Beka, a close friend of Susan\'s, by threatening deportation back to South Africa, then sends covert assassins to kill her, but Farrell rescues her just in time. A suspicious Sam goes to Pritchard with concerns about what Farrell told him. Realizing that Sam can implicate Brice, Pritchard shoots and kills him. Farrell obtains the printout before the picture implicating him becomes visible and presents it to Brice, who then shifts the blame to Pritchard, arguing that Pritchard was jealous of his relationship with Susan. A devastated Pritchard commits suicide and is falsely exposed as "Yuri" to the police by Brice, hoping to escape blame for Susan\'s death, and Farrell, who is free of suspicion, is finally able to leave the Pentagon. As Farrell sits beside Susan\'s grave, two plainclothes men arrive and take him away for questioning. One of the interrogators is Farrell\'s landlord, who addresses Farrell in Russian. Farrell, who responds in kind, is in fact the real "Yuri", and his landlord is his KGB supervisor. Yuri/Farrell was planted in the U.S. as a teenager and became the KGB\'s "mole" in the Department of Defense. Aware of Brice\'s affair, the Russians assigned Farrell to seduce the Secretary of Defense\'s mistress and gather intelligence from her. Although his handlers demand that he return to the Soviet Union, Farrell refuses and leaves as his handler quips, "He will return. Where else does he have to go?"'] ['Terroll Lessor, a computer genius in an unpleasant job, decides to use his skills against reprehensible parts of society. Along with his girlfriend, played by Ali Larter, he gains embarrassing information on people whom he believes to be immoral and exposes this information to the public. This garners the attention of police and people who wish him harm, and results in copy-cat crimes by others who admire him.'] ['A small group of members of the Red Brigades rent an apartment. They kidnap Aldo Moro, former prime minister of Italy and leader of the Democrazia Cristiana  party. Moro writes many letters to politicians, Pope Paul VI, and his family, but the Italian government refuses to negotiate. A female member of the group, played by Maya Sansa, suffers doubts about the plan. Bellocchio had already directed a documentary, in 1995, about the Red Brigades and the kidnapping of Aldo Moro. It was entitled Sogni infranti . The soundtrack makes heavy use of Pink Floyd music: the song "Shine on You Crazy Diamond" plays during the final sequence and its riff plays on prominently during the course of the film. "The Great Gig In The Sky" also features in one sequence.'] [' Alicia Huberman , the American daughter of a convicted Nazi spy, is recruited by government agent T. R. Devlin  to infiltrate an organization of Nazis who have relocated to Brazil after World War II. While awaiting the details of her assignment in Rio de Janeiro Alicia and Devlin fall in love, though his feelings are complicated by his knowledge of her wild past. When Devlin gets instructions to persuade her to seduce Alex Sebastian , one of her father\'s friends and a leading member of the group, Devlin tries to convince his superiors that Alicia is not fit for the job, without success. He puts up a stoic front when he informs Alicia about the mission, choosing duty over love. Alicia concludes that he was merely pretending to love her as part of his job. They contrive to have her meet Sebastian, and renew their acquaintance. At a dinner Alicia witnesses an odd incident—a guest becomes hysterical at the sight of several wine bottles on a sideboard, and is ushered quickly from the room. Sebastian quickly renews his ardor for her, and soon Alicia reports to Devlin, "you can add Sebastian\'s name to my list of playmates." When Sebastian proposes, Alicia informs Devlin, hoping he will finally erupt, but the agent coldly tells her to do whatever she wants; stung, she marries Sebastian. When she returns from her honeymoon, Alicia is hard-pressed to find anything amiss in her new home. The only thing she can relate to Devlin is that the key ring her husband gave her is short a key, the one to the wine cellar. That, and the bottle episode at the dinner, lead Devlin to urge Alicia to hold a grand party so he might investigate. The night of the affair, Alicia secretly steals the key from Sebastian\'s ring, and the two slip away to the cellar. There, Devlin accidentally breaks a bottle. Inside they find not wine, but a black sand . He takes a sample, cleans up, and locks the door just as Sebastian comes down for more champagne. Alicia and Devlin kiss to cover their tracks. Devlin feigns drunkenness, and makes an exit, but Sebastian remains suspicious. When he comes back later, he finds the glass and sand from the broken bottle pushed under a wine rack. Now Sebastian has a problem: he must silence Alicia, but cannot expose her without revealing his own blunder to his unforgiving fellow Nazis. He discusses the situation with his mother  and she suggests that Alicia "die slowly" by poisoning. They poison her coffee and she quickly falls ill; soon she is bedridden. Devlin becomes alarmed when she fails to appear at their next rendezvous. He sneaks into Alicia\'s quarters, where she tells him that Sebastian and his mother are poisoning her. After confessing his love for her, Devlin carries her out of the mansion in full view of Sebastian\'s Nazi cabal. Sebastian begs to go with them, but Devlin and Alicia drive away, leaving Sebastian to face his Nazi cohorts.'] ['Admiral McKee  is retired, when following the events of 9/11 he receives a call from the White House informing him that his commander in chief requires him to serve his country once again. Shortly after this he is sworn into office as a senior member of the Office of Homeland Security under Tom Ridge. Once in office Admiral McKee faces the challenge of organising this new office so as to prevent further terrorist attacks against the United States. With this in mind Admiral McKee\'s wife, Elise Mckee, recommends he speaks to his friend, NSA Agent Sol Binder. Following a meeting with Sol Binder, Mckee recruits him into the Office of Homeland Security. After which Binder comes up with a plan for the new agency, all law enforcement agencies within the United States will have to put their rivalry aside and funnel all intelligence into the Office of Homeland Security. We first meet Agent Binder at the beginning of the film prior to the events of 9/11, where he is meeting with a group of NSA Agents with intelligence on a planned terrorist attack that is to take place in the United States where the number Nine and Eleven keep popping up, it is not until the day of the attacks that Binder was able to piece it together. It is Binder\'s belief that had there been a co-operative organisation such as the Office of Homeland Security the attacks could have been averted While the main concern of the film is the establishment of the Office of Homeland Security, which following Congress\' approval would become the Department of Homeland Security, there are a number of subplots involved in the film. Such sub plots are, The invasion of Afghanistan, use of precision-guided air strikes with weapons such as GPS-guided JDAMs, the pursuit of Osama Bin Laden and the destruction of Al\'Qaeda training camps in the middle east, as well as in the beginning of the film Admiral Mckees\' Daughter, Melissa, is due to leave New Jersey for San Francisco on September 11, 2001, she was due to board United Airlines Flight 93, following hearing an announcement on the news that United Airlines Flight 93 was hijacked and has gone down over Pennsylvania, the Admiral and his wife were distraught, shortly thereafter she contacted her parents and was upset and told them she was late and fortunately had missed her flight. That is not all Melissa saw that day. After the Pentagon was attacked, military command had received the executive order to investigate various aircraft that were off course, including Melissa\'s later flight, and to shoot down any that failed to comply with visual command. In a fictional engagement, three military jets engage the airliner, setting off the near collision alarm, one positioning itself in front of the airliner, another to the left. The nervous jet pilot behind the airliner nearly shoots it down before the airliner pilots comply with visual command and respond. The jet pilot is ordered to stand down, take a deep breath, and escort the airliner to O\'Hare Airport in Chicago, where Melissa first vigorously demands to know if they had almost been shot down. From a pay phone, Melissa called her parents and her boyfriend. Melissa demands from her mother, "Who is doing this to us?"'] ['In pre-revolutionary Cuba, James Wormold , a vacuum cleaner salesman, is recruited by Hawthorne  of the British Secret Intelligence Service to be their Havana operative. Instead of recruiting his own agents, Wormold invents agents from men he knows only by sight, and sketches "plans" for a rocket-launching pad based on vacuum parts to increase his value to the service and to procure more money for himself and his expensive daughter Milly. Because his importance grows, he is sent a secretary, Beatrice , and a radioman from London to be under his command. With their arrival it becomes much harder for Wormold to maintain his facade. However, when they do, all of his imagined information begins to come true. One of his "agents" is killed, and he is himself targeted for assassination. He admits what he\'s done to his secretary, and is recalled to London. At the film\'s conclusion, rather than telling the truth to the prime minister and other military intelligence services, Wormold\'s commanders  agree to fabricate a story claiming his imagined machines had been dismantled, bestow honors on Wormold, and offer him a position teaching espionage classes in London.'] ['In Saigon in 1952, as Vietnamese insurgents are delivering major strikes against the French colonial rulers, an innocent and enigmatic young American economist , who is working for an international aid organization, gets caught between the Communists and the colonialists as he tries to win the "hearts and minds" of the Vietnamese people. By promising marriage, he steals away a young Vietnamese woman  from an embittered and cynical English newspaperman , who retaliates by spreading the word that the American is actually covertly selling arms to the anti-Communists.'] ["Three young people are seen ice skating in Gorky Park. Three days later, Soviet militsiya officer Arkady Renko  investigates the discovery of their bodies a short distance from the skating rink. All have been shot in the chest and mouth; their faces and fingerprints have been completely removed. Renko is left anxious and paranoid when the KGB refuse to take over the investigation. Renko enlists the help of Professor Andreev  to reconstruct their faces. During his investigation, Renko crosses paths with William Kirwill , a New York detective who is in the Soviet Union investigating the disappearance of his brother James. At a weekend getaway at the dacha of Chief Prosecutor Iamskoy , Renko also makes the acquaintance of American sable importer Jack Osborne  and his girlfriend Irina Asanova . Renko is eventually able to piece together the victims' identities: James Kirwill, plus two young Russians who were friends with Irina. He discovers that the three were busy constructing a chest for Osborne. Renko's suspicion of Osborne mounts over time, during their polite but tense conversations in social settings. When Irina is attacked by a KGB officer who attempts to inject her with a fatal overdose, Renko saves her. Nursing her back to health in his apartment, they begin an affair. Kirwill finally locates the barn where the three victims were building Osborne's chest. It was designed to smuggle six sables out of the country and break the Russian monopoly on their fur, potentially earning Osborne millions. Irina stubbornly continues to believe that her friends are alive. Osborne had promised to smuggle them out of Russia in return for their work; he tells Irina that they were successfully freed. Renko confronts her with Prof. Andreev's reconstructed head of one of her friends, forcing her to realize that they have been murdered by Osborne. She confesses the full details of the plot to him and then runs away. Renko and Kirwill go to Andreev's to retrieve the second reconstructed head, but a KGB spook emerges with it in a box. They follow him, and Renko is crushed to find they are back at Iamskoy's dacha. They watch from a distance as Osborne and Iamskoy supervise the destruction of the head by the KGB spook. To Kirwill's horror, it is his brother's head. Renko confronts Iamskoy in a bath house. Iamskoy cordially admits that he kept Renko on the case because Osborne was unwilling to pay a high enough price to smuggle out the sables. Renko's investigation was intended to frighten Osborne into paying more. He offers to cut Renko in on Osborne's kickback. Renko reveals that he has recorded the conversation, and Iamskoy jumps up and wrestles Renko for the gun. In the ensuing struggle, Renko's gun goes off and kills him. Osborne flees to Stockholm. The KGB allows Renko to supervise an exchange. He is to receive the sables from Osborne, whereupon everyone will be allowed to walk away. Renko is shown into a bedroom where Irina is waiting for him. She confesses that she fled to Osborne, who has worked her freedom into the deal for the sables. She promises Renko that his freedom can also be part of the deal. Disgusted by her treachery, Renko tells Irina she has blood on her hands. He meets with Kirwill and the two assume that as soon as the exchange is complete, the KGB will kill Irina, Renko and Osborne all at once. The next morning, at a remote farm, Renko and the KGB approach Osborne. They come across the corpse of Kirwill; tied to a tree with his intestines hanging out. Renko is devastated; Osborne then loudly announces that he gutted Kirwill after he killed his dogs. Osborne throws six dead sables onto the field and asks the men to lower their weapons. Renko realizes that neither side will let the other live. When Osborne shoots a man, Renko grabs Irina and runs for cover in the woods. Pribulda then kills the other man before Osborne kills Pribluda in a stand off. Osborne tries to shoot Renko in the woods. Renko finds more live sables in their cages. Irina emerges from the woods and Osborne threatens to kill her if Renko does not surrender. When Renko emerges to give up, Irina shoots Osborne. Renko, too, shoots Osborne before Irina fires multiple rounds, killing him. She asks Renko to go away with her, but Renko reveals he agreed to do the hit on Osborne in return for Irina's safety and freedom from Russia, and that she'd be hunted down and killed if Renko did not return. Renko frees all of the sables, which run off into the woods as we hear Irina's voice repeat Renko's promise that they will meet again one day."] ["Flying back to the Philippines to bury his father, an American man is informed by a mysterious phone caller that his mother and sister have been kidnapped and will be killed if he doesn't comply with certain demands. As he follows the phone caller's every wish, he slowly realizes that he is involved in a large conspiracy hatched by the Abu Sayyaf."] ['During the 1973 Yom Kippur War, an Israeli A-4 Skyhawk carrying a nuclear weapon is shot down over the Syrian desert. The bomb, over time, is consumed by the sand and disappears. Twenty-nine years later, President J. Robert Fowler  and his senior national security advisors, including Director of Central Intelligence William Cabot , are conducting a top-secret military simulation of a Russian nuclear attack against the United States. Meanwhile, the bomb is found in Syria by a couple of scrap dealers and unwittingly sold to an arms dealer named Olson  for {{USD}} 400, who in turn sells it to an Austrian neo-Nazi named Richard Dressler  for {{USD}}50 million. The United States becomes concerned when Alexander Nemerov  becomes the new President of the Russian Federation. Cabot seeks the opinion of CIA analyst Jack Ryan , who has done extensive research on Nemerov\'s life and career. During a routine inspection of Russia\'s nuclear weapons facilities, Cabot and Ryan are invited to the Kremlin to meet with Nemerov personally. Tension arises when Nemerov protests U.S. involvement in Russian-Chechen affairs. Nonetheless, Nemerov and Ryan develop a rapport. During the inspection, Ryan notices that three Russian nuclear technicians are not present at the facility. Nemerov\'s aide, Anatoli Grushkov ([[Michael Byrne , claims that there is nothing amiss. Cabot\'s covert informant in Moscow, "Spinnaker", says that the whereabouts of the three scientists are truly unknown to the Russian government. Upon arrival in Washington, D.C., Cabot sends operative John Clark  to track down the missing scientists. Clark discovers them in Ukraine, constructing Dressler\'s bomb. When President Nemerov takes responsibility for an unauthorized gas-warfare attack on Grozny, President Fowler becomes concerned with the volatility of Nemerov\'s military policies and responds by sending NATO peacekeeping troops to Chechnya. Ryan correctly believes that Nemerov took responsibility for the act only to save face before political radicals in Russia, and loses credibility in the White House. Meanwhile, the nuclear bomb, disguised as a cigarette vending machine, arrives in a crate in Baltimore, Maryland, and is placed at a football stadium. In a recording, Dressler reveals his intentions in placing the bomb in Baltimore: frustrated and angered with the American and Russian paternalism over smaller European nations, Dressler has resolved to destroy both nations, much as Adolf Hitler desired to in World War II. Dressler notes, "Communism was a fool\'s errand. The followers of Marx gone from this earth, but the followers of Hitler abound and thrive." By detonating a nuclear weapon on American soil, Dressler and his associates plan to aggravate an already tense relationship between the two nations to the point of full-blown nuclear war. Ryan informs Cabot about the bomb, but learns that both he and President Fowler are attending a football game in the stadium where the bomb is planted. Cabot orders U.S. Secret Service agents to rush the President out of the stadium. The President manages to escape the stadium, but only moments before the bomb detonates, destroying a significant part of the city and scattering the President\'s motorcade. After the explosion, Fowler is rescued by heliborne United States Marines, and taken airborne on a Boeing E-4B Advanced Airborne Command Post with his cabinet. Immediately, they fear that the bomb was Russian. Ryan\'s girlfriend, Dr. Catherine Muller , survives the blast and Ryan survives a helicopter crash, but Cabot dies later at a hospital. After being informed about the explosion, Dressler telephones one of his associates, a corrupt general in the Russian Air Force. In order to further aggravate the situation, the general orders his Tu-22M Backfire pilots to strike an American aircraft carrier USS John C. Stennis with standoff missiles in the North Sea under the false pretext that a U.S. intercontinental ballistic missile has destroyed Moscow. The strike heavily damages the Stennis and renders the carrier incapable of launching aircraft. In response, Fowler orders United States Air Force F-16 fighter jets to attack the originating Russian air base. Tensions escalate as trust between Fowler and Nemerov rapidly deteriorates. To prove that he is willing to take the exchange to the next level, Fowler orders SNAPCOUNT, the military alert level for maximum readiness, preparing to launch a massive nuclear strike on Russian military targets. Seeing that the U.S. has dispatched B-2 Spirit stealth bombers and Ohio-class submarines, Nemerov prepares to launch his missiles on the United States. Ryan first learns about the origin of the bomb after a U.S. Army Radiation Assessment Team conducts an isotopic fingerprint analysis of air samples around ground zero in Baltimore. It is concluded that the plutonium for the Baltimore bomb was manufactured in Savannah River nuclear plant in South Carolina in 1968, thus indicating that the original fissile material was of American, not Russian, origin. He tries, unsuccessfully, to communicate this information to Fowler. After being with the dying Cabot, Ryan takes Cabot\'s personal effects, and with Cabot\'s text messenger, asks Spinnaker how the American plutonium ended up in a Russian bomb. Spinnaker tells him that the U.S. had secretly managed to send it to Israel for their nuclear weapons program. Meanwhile, John Clark learns from Ghazi, one of the scrap dealers who is dying from being exposed to the bomb\'s radiation, that it was Olson who bought the bomb and that he lives in Damascus, Syria. Ryan\'s co-workers in the CIA infiltrate Olson\'s computer and download files that implicate Dressler as the person who bought the plutonium and who is behind the Baltimore attack. Ryan learns of this from his team. Ryan gets to the Baltimore harbor docks, only to find Dressler\'s American contact Jared Mason  murdered by Dressler\'s German hitman Haft . Haft attacks Ryan, but Ryan manages to get the upper hand on him. Ryan tries to force Haft to talk, but is thwarted as the Maryland State Police arrive. Via a state police helicopter, Ryan manages to get to the Pentagon, where he is able to communicate the truth to Nemerov. Relying on Ryan\'s word, Nemerov proposes a plan to Fowler to a stand down. Fowler follows suit, and the nuclear war is averted. The two presidents meet and make peace as agents of both governments hunt down and assassinate the terrorist conspirators. John Clark cuts Olson\'s throat, Russian agents pursue and shoot the traitorous General Dubinin in a snow-covered forest, and as Grushkov looks on, Dressler has his bodyguard start his car engine to rule out a car bomb, only to be killed after he replaces him in the car, due to him pushing in the cigarette lighter, which actually triggers the bomb. In Washington, D.C., Fowler and Nemerov address the Baltimore tragedy and the future of weapons of mass destruction during a speech on the White House lawn. In a nearby park, Ryan and Muller are having a picnic when they are approached by Grushkov. It is revealed that Grushkov is Spinnaker, Cabot\'s covert source in Moscow. Grushkov gives Muller a "modest gift" for her engagement to Ryan. Muller and Ryan are perplexed, as they have not told anyone of their engagement. Ryan asks Grushkov how he could possibly know this secret, but he simply smiles, shrugs and walks away.'] ["Young, well-intentioned Barry Kohler  stumbles upon a secret organization of Third Reich war criminals holding clandestine meetings in Paraguay and realizes that Dr Josef Mengele , the infamous Auschwitz doctor, is among their number. He phones Ezra Lieberman , an aging Nazi hunter living in Austria, with this information. A highly skeptical Lieberman tries to brush Kohler's claims aside, telling him that it is a long-established fact that Mengele is dead. Having learned when and where the next meeting to include Mengele is scheduled to occur, Kohler records part of it using a hidden microphone, but is discovered and killed while making another phone call to Lieberman. Aware that something is wrong, Lieberman follows Kohler's leads and begins travelling throughout Europe and North America to investigate the suspicious deaths of a number of middle-aged civil servants. He meets several of their widows and is amazed to find an uncanny resemblance in their adopted, black-haired, blue-eyed sons. It is also made clear throughout the film that, at the time of their deaths, all the civil servants were aged around 65 and had a cold, domineering, and abusive attitude towards their adopted sons, while their wives were aged around 42 and doted on the sons. Lieberman gains insight from Frieda Maloney , an incarcerated former Nazi guard who worked with the adoption agency, before realizing during a meeting with Professor Bruckner , an expert on cloning, the terrible truth behind the Nazi plan: Mengele, in the 1960s, had secluded several surrogate mothers in a Brazilian clinic and fertilised them with ova each carrying a sample of Hitler's DNA preserved since World War II. 94 perfect clones of Hitler had then been born and sent to different parts of the world for adoption. As Lieberman uncovers more of the plot, Mengele's superiors become more unnerved. After Mengele happens to meet  one of the agents he believes is in Europe implementing his scheme, Mengele's principal contact, Eduard Seibert , informs him that the scheme has been aborted before Lieberman can expose it to the authorities. Mengele storms out, pledging that the operation will continue. Seibert and his men go to set fire to Mengele's jungle estate after killing his servants and guards. Mengele himself, however, has already left, intent on trying to continue his plan. He travels to rural Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, where one of the Hitler clones, Bobby Wheelock , lives on a farm with his parents. There he murders the boy's father , a Doberman dog breeder, and lies in wait for Lieberman, who is on his way to the farm to warn Mr. Wheelock of Mengele's intention to kill him. The instant Lieberman arrives and sets eyes on Mengele, he attacks the doctor in a fury. But Mengele soon gains the upper hand and holds him at gunpoint. He taunts Lieberman by explaining his plan to return Hitler to the world. Then, with one desperate lunge, Lieberman opens the closet where the Dobermans are held and turns them loose. The dogs corner Mengele and begin to attack him. At that point, Bobby arrives home from school. It is Mengele's first look at one of his clones. Bobby calls off the dogs and tries to find out what has happened. Bobby can tell from the carnage that something is amiss. The injured Mengele tells Bobby how much he admires him, and explains that he is cloned from Hitler. But Bobby doubts his story and is also suspicious because the dogs are trained to attack anyone who threatens his family. Lieberman tells Bobby that Mengele has killed his father and urges him to notify the police. Bobby checks the house and eventually finds his dead father in the basement. He rushes back upstairs and sets the vicious dogs on Mengele once again, relishing his bloody death. Bobby then proceeds to help Lieberman, whom Mengele has shot and wounded, but only after Lieberman promises not to tell the police about the incident. Later, while recovering from his wounds, Lieberman is encouraged by an American Nazi-hunter, David Bennett  to expose Mengele's scheme to the world. He asks Lieberman to turn over the list  identifying the names and whereabouts of the other boys from around the world, so that they can be systematically killed before growing up to become bloody tyrants. Lieberman objects on the grounds that they are mere children. He burns the list before anyone can read it. In the final scene, Bobby is shown in his darkroom, absorbed and excited by photographs that he has taken of Mengele's body after it has been savaged by the dogs."] ['{{plot}} A young American computer engineer  acquires a mobile phone that receives strange text messages. First they encourage him to miss his flight which he then learns crashed soon after takeoff. Then the messages direct him to buy a certain stock, which he then learns increases by 313%. Next, he is directed to a hotel/casino in Prague to gamble. He first wins one-hundred thousand Euro on a slot machine and then bets the entire amount on a hand of blackjack, which he wins. Both bets are made on the basis of further text messages he receives on his new phone. Max then has an altercation with a beautiful woman  and her jealous boyfriend in the hotel corridor, where he is knocked-out and his mysterious phone is apparently scanned. Max wakes up with the woman, Kamila, smiling above him. He immediately asks her out for a drink. To further his new-found career in gambling, Max enlists the aid of a Russian cabbie/apparent e-gadget enthusiast, Yuri , who outfits him with a text-to-voice earpiece to wirelessly receive his anonymous and lucrative text messages. His lucky streak continues when he hits the 3 million Euro jackpot on a slot machine but is forced to run away when casino security led by John Reed  attempts to detain him. This chase is ended by the intervention of FBI Agent Dave Grant  who handcuffs Max and interrogates him for information about the phone. Max is frightened, but unable to provide any information. At this point Agent Grant contacts Raymond Burke  of the NSA, who is apparently monitoring Max because he is receiving messages from an omniscient communication surveillance computer system known as Echelon. These messages have been responsible for the deaths of several Americans, most recently an IT specialist working in the Pentagon. Burke recently lost a battle to pass a bill in Congress that would allow Echelon to be upgraded by being uploaded into personal computers worldwide. Burke eventually decides that Max knows too much and must be eliminated, however, Reed and the beautiful woman from the hotel – now revealed as Reed\'s associate – come to Max\'s aid and spirit him away to Moscow. There Max re-connects with the techie Yuri and tries to get his help in discovering who is sending the messages. Yuri believes that the messages are coming directly from the computer itself, and that the system has achieved some kind of autonomous self-awareness. Max and Reed object to his idea, but they are forced to flee when more armed men arrive at Yuri\'s apartment. A Moscow car chase ensues. The chase ends with Reed outmaneuvering and eventually blowing-up the chase cars, which happen to be led by Agent Grant. Grant escapes injury, but Max seizes the moment to inflict some payback for their previous encounter. Grant asks Max to help him stop Echelon, as he has now also begun to receive threatening texts. Max then receives another text, instructing him to return to Omaha, Nebraska, where he first worked as a computer security engineer. Max, Grant and Reed all fly home on a military aircraft. Arriving in Omaha, the group finds a sealed-up, bunker-like structure with a cache of servers and a high-end computer system that Max helped install years earlier. The property is revealed to belong to another victim of Echelon\'s messages, the same person whose credit card was used to send Max the phone. Max starts up the bunker\'s computer and is instructed via text to fire up the servers and connect them to the network. Echelon then begins downloading itself into the bunker\'s computers and begins a countdown to replicate itself across the world wide computer network. Agent Grant calls Burke at the NSA to inform him, but Burke is content to let the Echelon replicate itself worldwide, in the interests of US national security. Grant and Reed break ranks with Burke at this point and Burke sends back other FBI agents to detain them. Meanwhile, Max is failing to stop Echelon\'s replication countdown, until he takes an idea from the 1968 Star Trek episode The Ultimate Computer. Max asks the computer what its primary purpose is and it replies to defend the US, as defined by the Constitution. Max then asks the computer to search for threats to the US Constitution, and it comes back with a plethora of articles concerning the recent attempts to secure Congressional approval to upgrade Echelon, which is characterized as a grave threat to personal freedoms. At the point when the download is complete, Echelon "learns" that it is itself the threat and executes its own shutdown. The film ends with Agent Grant and Reed sending Max and Kamila off to Paris, while Burke is subpoenaed to appear before the Senate intelligence committee. The final cryptic scene is back in Moscow, where the techie Yuri is unveiled as a Captain in the Russian Security Service. In a conversation  with his apparent commanding officer he is commended for his actions. Yuri replies that they will soon try to start it again but, for today, they have helped the Americans to make the right decision; "I would like to believe", he adds cryptically, and at that moment turns off his mobile phone.'] ["Set in 2008, President Walter Emerson, formerly an appointed Vice President and elevated by the death of the previous  commander-in-chief, is crossing the country on a campaign tour when a freak snowstorm traps him in a remote Colorado diner with members of his staff plus a group of ordinary citizens. Suddenly, word arrives that Uday Hussein, who in the film is the leader of Iraq, has invaded Kuwait. Using a television cameraman who is following his campaign, Emerson notifies the world that unless Hussein orders an immediate retreat and personally surrenders, he will bomb Baghdad with a nuclear weapon. Hussein, through his United Nations envoy, refuses to back down and cuts off telephone negotiations, claiming Emerson is a non-elected leader and also a Jew. He threatens to fire Iraq's black-market nuclear missiles at several global locations including Emerson's own, near NORAD in Colorado, if his country comes under attack. It is learned that Iraq purchased these weapons from France. Despite being a U.S. ally, the French president appears to be cavalier in confirming this with Emerson and his entourage. The sites of the missile launchers include Libya and North Korea. Emerson is counseled by his chief of staff, Marshall Thompson, a former university classmate, and by his national security adviser, Gayle Redford. Once his ultimatum is made and the countdown to his deadline begins, the President and his staff are confronted with the opinions of the diner's customers, including its angry owner and cook, Harvey, and a young bigot named Ralph. Emerson is not only adamant in his beliefs, he seems every bit as willing as Hussein to trigger a nuclear war. He orders a B-2 bomber to cross Iraq's borders despite the threats of the Iraqi ambassador that this would constitute an act of war. In retaliation, the Iraqis aims 23 nuclear I.C.B.M.s against various countries of the world, including Australia, Japan, France and other targets. The President argues with advisers while appearing totally confident in his own actions. A tragedy occurs inside the diner when Harvey brandishes a gun and shoots the military officer carrying the briefcase that contains the launch codes. Emerson's security guards kill the cook. To the horror of all, the President carries out his threat. He authorizes the dropping of a 100 megaton bomb on Baghdad, resulting in the complete destruction of that city. Iraq's retaliation begins. A bomb lands in Athens, but it does not detonate. Neither does a device that lands in Hiroshima. A majority of the other missiles have been intercepted. A short time later, the President addresses the world on TV. He explains that in order to prevent the Iraqi regime from developing its own nuclear devices through other channels, the U.S. sold it nuclear weapons via the French, whilst ensuring that they would never be able to function properly. Already reeling from the shocks of the past few minutes, the President's aides are further astounded when he announces his immediate withdrawal from the election campaign. He did what he felt it necessary to do, but believes that someone else should be the one to carry on."] [' Berlin in the 1960s is a city divided between Cold War lines with inhabitants of the Communist East trying to escape to the West. Even with the infamous Berlin Wall these escapes are common and successful. Colonel Stok , the head of intelligence in the Soviet Union\'s Berlin section and the one responsible for preventing escapes over the Wall, contacts British Intelligence and informs them that he wants to defect to the West. Secret agent Harry Palmer  is sent to West Berlin to find out if Stok\'s offer is genuine and arrange his escape. Palmer was once involved in black market dealings in Berlin and was given the choice of joining British Intelligence or going to jail. Returning to the city, he is re-united with his old associate, German national Johnny Vulkan , who also works for Palmer\'s superior Colonel Ross . Vulkan arranges for Palmer to go to East Berlin to meet Colonel Stok. In exchange for his co-operation with the British, Stok requests a meagre stipend, a house in the country and his escape must be carried out by Kreutzmann , a Berlin gangster responsible for the most successful escapes. Stok claims that Kreutzmann\'s escapes have led his department to be investigated and that he must get out before things turn nasty. Returning to West Berlin, Palmer is picked up by a beautiful young woman called Samantha Steel , who invites him to a party but instead takes him to her flat for drinks, dinner and presumably more as Palmer is next seen leaving her place in the morning. Not taken in by Samantha\'s charms, Palmer hires a burglar to search her apartment to figure out who she really is, feigning surprise by exclaiming "You\'ve been burgled!" as the two of them enter Steel\'s apartment together after a night on the town. The thief discovers a number of passports of various nationalities under different variations of her name and a little black book in her safe which lists names of men next to million-dollar figures. Returning to his hotel room, Palmer finds that it too has been ransacked. Palmer negotiates an arrangement with Kreutzmann without revealing the details of the one whom the British want to get across the Wall. As part of his payment, Kreutzmann demands a set of travel documents but refuses to say why. Palmer tests Stok in order to determine how sincere he is about defecting. The test seems conclusive and Palmer returns to London. From Hallam , the documents manager back at MI5, Palmer receives documents in the name of Paul Louis Broum. As he places the envelope in his briefcase for return to Berlin, he notices the same name on a photograph of the pages of Samantha\'s little black book, with next to it the figure of $2,000,000 . Palmer asks Hallam who Broum is, but Hallam shrugs, saying "Just a name." Palmer returns to Samantha and makes a point of letting her see the envelope with Broum\'s name. Dropping all pretence, she admits that she is an Israeli agent. Broum is a Nazi war criminal who stole millions from the Jews during the war and hid it in a Swiss bank account. The Israelis need the papers in order to reclaim the money. Although she threatens to kill him, Palmer refuses to give her the documents since he needs them to pay Kreutzmann. Kreutzmann and his men murder an elderly East Berliner whose body is claimed by a relative in the West &mdash; actually a woman employed by Kreutzmann. A body transfer is arranged but as the hearse makes its way from the morgue to the checkpoint, it is hijacked by Kreutzmann\'s men and replaced with another which contains a different coffin. The coffin is taken to West Berlin and delivered to an abandoned warehouse where Palmer and his associate Vulkan are waiting. But when the coffin is opened it is found to contain the dead body of Kreutzmann! Stok\'s whole defection was simply a bluff to lure Kreutzmann out and put an end to the escapes he so brilliantly organised. Although well informed, he and his men never knew in advance that Stok was the intended client. Before Palmer can get away from Kreutzmann\'s outraged accomplices, he is knocked unconscious by Vulkan who gets hold of the Broum documents only to be held up by Samantha and two other Israeli agents who take away the papers. Vulkan tells Palmer that he was knocked out by another of Kreutzmann\'s men. They then go to a safe house where they report on the fiasco surrounding Stok\'s so-called defection. Palmer tells his boss, Colonel Ross, about the Broum documents. Ross is caught by surprise at their mention, exclaiming, "The Broum documents?!" Palmer becomes agitated, saying "There\'s that name again. You know it, too. There\'s things you\'re not telling me." Ross then reveals to Palmer that towards the end of World War II, Paul Louis Broum, a guard at a concentration camp, murdered a resistance fighter called Johnny Vulkan and assumed his identity. Ross got hold of the documents and used them to blackmail Broum into working for him. Palmer expresses disdain, saying, "I didn\'t know Her Majesty employed ex-Nazis," to which Ross replies dryly, "And thieves, Palmer." Now that the documents are missing, Ross has nothing with which to keep a hold on Broum/Vulkan and cannot risk him defecting. "You\'ve bungled everything else, Palmer," Ross says. "Go ahead and killl him ." Palmer retorts angrily, "I\'m not killing anyone in cold blood!" Seated at his desk as Palmer stands before him, Ross acidly intones, "Then provoke him, if that will satisfy your scruples." Back in West Berlin, Palmer has a chance street encounter with Stok, who is over for a routine meeting with his Western counterparts. The affable Russian confirms that his supposed defection was just a trap to get rid of Kreutzmann. He and Palmer even joke about the latter himself defecting to the East, Stok laughing, "I like you, English ; if your Colonel Ross doesn\'t want you anymore, you come work for me!" Palmer, clearly angry at having been a pawn in so many games he was unaware of, shoots back "I didn\'t like Kreutzmann any more than you," but makes cynical note of Stok\'s offer, saying "I may have to." Laughing as he climbs back into his chauffered car, Stok advises, "If you need to get out in a hurry, ask Vulkan. He knows the way." Meanwhile, Broum/Vulkan goes to Samantha\'s flat, murders an Israeli agent and gets the documents back. He then meets Hallam, the Intelligence official who gave Palmer the Broum documents in London. However, Hallam takes a quick look at the documents that they now have and determines that they are forgeries made by one of Palmer\'s underworld Berlin contacts. Hallam goes to Palmer, saying that he has been sent by Ross to get the real documents back. Palmer never believed Hallam\'s claim that he selected the Broum documents at random and forces him to admit that he is in league with Broum: with Kreutzmann\'s co-operation, they took advantage of the situation to get the documents out of London and now intend to use them in order to claim the Nazi loot that Broum deposited in the Swiss banks. Palmer and Hallam go to a quiet part of the Berlin wall through which Broum and Hallam intend to slip into the East and thus to Switzerland, but Broum kills Hallam and makes away with the documents. As Broum holds Palmer at gunpoint, Palmer reminds Broum of the Israelis, even though Broum has secured cooperation from the checkpoint border guards to open a secret hole in the wall for his attempt to escape to the Eastern sector. Broum orders Palmer to give him his light-colored overcoat and hornrimmed spectacles so he might resemble Palmer from a distance, saying "They won\'t shoot at you." He then makes a dash across a short expanse of exposed territory before getting to the wall. Steel sees the figure that appears to be Palmer, and orders a fellow Israeli agent armed with a machine gun, "Shoot!" Steel and her accomplice run to the body laying face down on the ground as Palmer emerges from the shadows without his glasses and wearing Broum\'s dark, fur-collared overcoat. "Paul Louis Broum" he intones in a deadpan tone as he stands over the body wearing his own coat. "You\'ll find the documents in the coat pocket. Now if you\'ll excuse me, I have some fiction to write." Back in Ross\'s London office, Ross reads with satisfaction a newspaper account of the incident based on Palmer\'s report that spins the event to be that of another martyr shot while escaping to the West. Palmer accepts Ross\'s compliment on that twist, saying "Yes, I thought Colonel Stok would appreciate that." Ross is pleased saying, "That new car you\'ve been wanting, Palmer; I believe you\'ve earned it." Standing before Ross\'s desk, Palmer replies, "No thank you, sir; I\'ll walk," and as Ross swivels in his chair to look out his window, Palmer is seen from behind, making his way across a crowded public square as the closing credits roll. By the time of the next film, Billion Dollar Brain, Palmer has resigned from British Intelligence.'] ['Pierre Brossard , a French Nazi collaborator, orders seven Jews executed during World War II. Some 40 years later, he is pursued by "David Manenbaum" , a hitman who is under orders to kill Brossard and leave a printed \'Statement\' on his body proclaiming the assassination was vengeance for the Jews executed in 1944. Brossard sees "Manenbaum" at a local bar, becomes concerned about possible trouble, and begins to run from him. Brossard kills "Manenbaum", then realizes he must now run from the law to save his life. Brossard hides "Manenbaum\'s" body and car, after robbing the dead body, finding the printed \'Statement\', and discovering that his pursuer was travelling on a Canadian passport. Brossard spends the rest of the film running between short-term sanctuaries in southern France within the Traditional Catholic community, appealing to long-time allies who have operated in great secrecy to shield him and provide him with funds for years, but now bring increased scrutiny to themselves for continuing to do so. The murder of "Manenbaum" attracts the interest of local police, and eventually the persistent Investigating Judge Anne-Marie Levi . She becomes absorbed by the case, and is not discouraged by the lack of assistance she encounters from official sectors she believes should be helping her. Levy forms an alliance with the similarly dedicated Colonel Roux , a senior French Gendarmerie\'s investigator, and the pair initially suspect that "Manenbaum" was part of a Jewish assassination plot. The pair dig deeply into the case, and discover that Brossard has been the subject of several previous investigations, dating back more than 40 years, which have all failed. Just how has Brossard been able to escape justice for so long? Levi and Roux discover hidden resources and build up the pressure, tightening the noose around Brossard, who finds his allies increasingly reluctant to help him. Meanwhile, doubts begin to arise over the theory of a Jewish hit squad, but it is clear that someone wants Brossard dead, and the elimination of "Manenbaum" does not put an end to their efforts. Brossard in desperation secretly pays a surprise visit to his estranged wife Nicole , a maid who is living in lower-middle-class circumstances in Marseille and is very apprehensive about seeing him again. Brossard\'s allies, including certain priests and a wartime colleague, who has risen into a position of great power within the French government, are feeling the heat from the relentless questioning of Levy and Roux. As the story approaches its climax, Brossard, desperate and unsure whom to trust, seeks new identity papers and money, so he can escape France forever. He knows far too much for the safety of his protectors, and has relied upon this fact for years. But Brossard is now living on borrowed time, and it becomes a question of not only whether he can avoid capture and flee France, but also of which pursuer will find him first.'] ["The story is told in flashback. CIA agent Marcus Jones recounts his final mission in the form of a confession to a Catholic priest . The mission begins when Jones's mentor in the CIA, Dietrich, informs him that his next assignment is to gather intelligence for the possible prosecution of American citizens Frank Smith, an arms dealer, and John Redvale, a hedge fund manager. Jones succeeds in being hired as Smith's bodyguard and accompanies Smith to the Redvale building, where Smith is supposed to obtain $100,000,000 in cash. Unknown assailants attack the vehicle in which Smith and Jones are travelling. While Jones is distracted, Dietrich, flying above them in a helicopter with several other CIA agents, discovers that the others are traitors when they kill him. They are after the $100,000,000. Jones and Smith survive the attack partly because Smith has a heart attack just as it begins. The driver is killed; Jones takes the wheel, loses the killers, and drives Smith to Detroit Medical Center, where he is provided with lifesaving care. The CIA traitors show up and begin killing hospital staff. Jones, the primary target of the killers, eludes them and manages to take several of them out until Floria  takes him prisoner and takes him to new team leader Zander . Jones is knocked unconscious and left to take the blame for deaths, while Smith is taken, along with a doctor  to meet Redvale  so that the killers can get his $100,000,000. Redvale decides the best course of action is to let the killers have the money, then hunt them down and kill them many years later. Meanwhile, Jones steals an ambulance and drives to Redvale's building to save the doctor and eliminate his former team members. Accomplishing both of these missions, Jones then eludes scores of Detroit Police Department officers and escapes with a bag which contains approximately $25,000,000. As Jones leaves the cathedral and the priest to whom he made confession, he leaves the bag behind. Walking past the basketball court, a young man tosses a basketball to him, which reminds Jones that God isn't through with him yet."] ['TV newswoman Lee Carter  is one of many witnesses to the public assassination of presidential candidate Senator Charles Carroll ([[William Joyce  atop the Seattle Space Needle. A waiter armed with a revolver is chased but falls to his death. Meanwhile, a second waiter, also armed with a gun, leaves the crime scene unnoticed. A special committee decides that the assassination was the work of a lone gunman. Three years later, Carter visits her former boyfriend and colleague, newspaper reporter Joe Frady , in Portland, Oregon. Lee tells Frady that she feels there is more to the killing - that six of the witnesses to Carroll\'s assassination have died and she fears she will be next. Frady does not take her seriously. Not long afterwards, Lee is found dead and her death is judged by the police to be either a voluntary or accidental drug overdose. Investigating Carter\'s leads, Frady goes to the small town of Salmontail whose sheriff, L.D. Wicker , attempts to trap him below a dam after an alarm has sounded indicating that the floodgates are opening. Frady narrowly escapes but the sheriff drowns. Frady finds information on the Parallax Corporation in the sheriff\'s apartment and learns that its real business is recruiting political assassins. While interviewing Carroll\'s former aide, Austin Tucker , aboard Tucker\'s boat, a bomb explodes. Frady survives but is believed dead, and decides to apply to Parallax under an assumed identity. Jack Younger , a Parallax official, assures Frady that he is the kind of man they are interested in. Frady is accepted for training in Los Angeles where he watches a slide show that conflates positive images with negative actions. Frady later spies a Parallax man he recalls from a picture Austin Tucker showed him of a waiter taken the day Senator Carroll was murdered. He follows the man and watches him take out a bag from another car\'s trunk, then drive to an airport and check it as baggage on a plane. Frady boards the plane himself. He notices a Senator aboard, but not the Parallax man. Frady writes a warning on a napkin which he slips into the drink service cart. The warning is found and the plane returns to Los Angeles. Everybody is evacuated – just before a bomb explodes. Frady\'s generally skeptical editor Bill Rintels  listens to a secretly recorded tape of a conversation Frady had with Jack Younger. A disguised Parallax operative delivers coffee and food to Rintels\' news office. The editor is poisoned and the tape is removed. Continuing his investigation, Frady follows the Parallax assassins to the dress rehearsal for a political rally for Senator George Hammond ([[Jim Davis . Frady hides in the auditorium\'s rafters to secretly observe the Parallax men, posing as security personnel, also in the rafters. Too late, Frady realizes he has been set up as a "patsy" or "fall guy", as Hammond is shot dead by an unseen gunman. As Frady is trying to escape, he is sighted in the rafters by the marching band\'s tuba player, and a Parallax agent kills Frady with a shotgun. The same committee which determined a lone gunman killed Senator Carroll now reports that Frady, acting alone, killed Senator Hammond. The committee further express the hope that the verdict will end political assassination conspiracy theories. They do not take questions from the press.'] ['A top scientist called Radcliffe  is kidnapped from a train and his security escort killed. A senior British intelligence officer, Colonel Ross , sends for Harry Palmer , who up to that point has been engaged in a tedious stakeout. Ross tells Palmer that he is being transferred to a department headed by Major Dalby . Radcliffe\'s disappearance appears to be part of a brain drain; seventeen top British scientists have been taken, then returned with their minds somehow wiped of technical knowledge. Ross introduces Palmer to Dalby as a good man but insubordinate. His file records that he had been court-martialed for black market activities, but offered a job as a spy as an alternative to jail. Ross tells Dalby that his position is precarious, and that "the people upstairs" will close Dalby\'s department down if it can\'t get Radcliffe back. Dalby is told not to complain since he\'s got a very good job for a major repeatedly passed over for promotion. Dalby tells Palmer that his criminal tendencies may be of use, but that if he gives any trouble, he will go straight to prison. At his first departmental meeting, Palmer befriends a young woman, Jean Courtney  and a Scotsman, Jock Carswell ([[Gordon Jackson . Dalby briefs his agents on the Radcliffe kidnapping, saying that they suspect "Bluejay" . Palmer contacts Bluejay, who is willing to arrange the return of Radcliffe in exchange for £25,000. Palmer organises an expensive and unauthorised raid that yields nothing but a piece of audio tape, marked "IPCRESS", that produces a meaningless noise when played. Radcliffe is bought back from his captors, but proves to have forgotten everything about his research. Just after the exchange, Palmer spots and shoots an armed man lurking nearby, but is chagrined to learn that he has just killed a CIA agent. He finds himself under CIA surveillance. Carswell finds a book titled "Induction of Psychoneuroses by Conditioned Reflex under Stress": IPCRESS. He tells Palmer, but is killed when he goes to report his discovery. Palmer is caught up in a power struggle between Ross and Dalby. He becomes involved with Courtney, but suspects that she is watching him for Ross. The IPCRESS file disappears from Palmer\'s desk, leading Palmer to suspect he is being framed. This is confirmed when he finds the body of the CIA agent who was following him in his flat. While leaving London by train, Palmer is kidnapped. Waking up in a cell, he finds that Bluejay is his captor, also being told that he is in Albania. Bluejay subjects Palmer to intense brainwashing, apparently over the course of weeks. Palmer secretly uses a nail from his cell to inflict distracting pain on himself during the sessions. Overpowering his guards, Palmer escapes from his prison to find that he is still in London. Suspecting both Ross and Dalby, Palmer separately arranges for both to meet him at the apparently disused warehouse that had been his prison. After getting off the phone with Palmer, Dalby is shown to be speaking with Bluejay, with whom he\'d been working the entire time. Palmer confronts Dalby and Ross as they arrive in the warehouse. Ross admits testing Palmer but insists that Dalby is the double agent. Dalby coolly faces Palmer down, addressing him with the code phrase used during Palmer\'s brainwashing to make him kill Ross. Palmer narrowly breaks the spell by smacking his hand against metal, inflicting pain on himself as he did while being subject to conditioning. Killing Dalby, Palmer is told by Ross that he had been counting on Palmer\'s insubordinate nature.'] ['Richard "Dicky" Pilager, the dim-witted scion of a powerful political dynasty, is running for Governor of Colorado. One day, while filming a campaign ad that shows him fishing, Dicky Pilager hooks a corpse on location. Chuck Raven, Pilager\'s Campaign Manager, hires Danny O\'Brien, a former journalist who works as a private investigator, to examine the case. Raven urges O\'Brien to find potential links between the body and Pilager\'s political enemies. O\'Brien\'s job is to essentially intimidate Pilager\'s opponents, and he has numerous revealing conversations with various people. He learns that business mogul Wes Benteen is using Pilager to promote his own agenda. The interviews also reveal further corruption where politicians, land developers, and mining companies have come to an agreement, whereby environmental issues have been completely ignored. He also learns about illegal migrant workers, as well as a potentially damaging love affair.'] ["K-219 performs a Crazy Ivan, and USS Aurora (a thinly-disguised renaming of [[USS Augusta |USS Augusta  collides with her, causing a rupture of the seal on one of its ballistic missile tubes. The leaking seawater causes a corrosive reaction which floods the sub with toxic gas. The corrosive reaction starts a fire that floods the sub with more toxic gas, and smoke. The captain surfaces the boat and moves the crew out to the deck, and attempts to vent the sub. The chief engineer informs the captain that the fire may cook off the nukes and cause a nuclear explosion. The launch doors are opened on the sub to vent smoke. Aurora ascertains that a fire is aboard K-219, and informs the Pentagon. The Pentagon, fearing radiological contamination of the Eastern Seaboard, orders Aurora to prepare to sink K-219. The fact that the launch doors are open on the SLBMs causes consternation in Washington DC, with calls for the immediate sinking of the sub, should it appear to be preparing to launch. The captain of K-219 prepares a bold plan to dive with the launch doors open, to flood the missile bay and quench the fires. As the captain dives the sub, Aurora prepares to fire, assuming K-219 is setting about to launch its missiles. After a brief but heated argument the U.S. commander is convinced to wait before launching and realises that the Soviet sub is diving, rather than launching its SLBMs. K-219s tactic works, and the sub resurfaces with the fires out. A new crisis develops to the lower cooling rods manually into all four nuclear reactors, with only 4 oxygen tanks left for the two crew members. The rods are lowered, and all nuclear reactors are shut down, averting disaster, with Moscow informed. Sergei remains locked inside the nuclear reactor room, running out of oxygen, with the rising temperature in the reactor room leading to a new crisis, exacerbated by water flooding the submarine. The captain of K-219 decides to abandon ship. Throughout the crisis, Washington insists that no information on the possibility of nuclear fall-out along the eastern American coastline be leaked to the Governors, or evacuation plans be activated to protect the population, in order not to derail the forthcoming Reykjavik summit meeting between Mikhail Gorbachev and Ronald Reagan. Capt. Britanov and his surviving crew members return safely to Moscow with some crew decorated and he being dismissed from the navy. The Reykjavik summit takes place as planned. The film's postscript details that as a legacy almost a decade after the end of the Cold War, fifty one nuclear war heads and seven nuclear reactors from nuclear submarines litter the North Atlantic ocean floor."] ['The global war on terror rages on. The United States will not give an inch against terrorists, especially Mohamed Jamar , who is considered to be the worst of them all. Jamar has been missing for months, but his network continues its functions. The President  stands firm before the world, but behind the scenes, his teams are working to find the final solution. Jamar represents a paradox: he can never be killed, because if he was found dead, he would become an instant martyr. If caught he must be tried. If he is found guilty he would become a martyr and further inspiration to acts of terror. If acquitted, the policies of the entire western world would be destroyed. So he must remain invisible. Roberta Jones , the head of the National Security Agency, is working to ensure he remains invisible, forever. Under the guise of attending an Eastern European conference on Terror in Romania, she attends a secret meeting with Jamar at a secluded hotel outside Bucharest. No one knows about this meeting, and her goal is to buy his invisibility. Her only companions are her security team of six, headed by her personal bodyguard, Lance Rockford . They are the best of the best, former military special forces personnel capable of anything. When they arrive at the hotel for the secret meeting, they are ambushed. No one is supposed to know about the meeting, but someone wants it stopped. They have to fight for their lives against an unknown attacker. Lance, a man of highest integrity with an impressive record of service for his country, is forced into a situation which challenges his very beliefs.'] ['{{plot}} Two Supreme Court justices are assassinated by the professional assassin "Sam" Khamel . Tulane University Law School student Darby Shaw  suspects the real motive might be simple greed, not politics. She writes a legal brief, and shows it to her law professor, mentor and lover Thomas Callahan . He gives a copy to his friend Gavin Verheek ([[John Heard  at the FBI. Callahan is killed by a car bomb; Darby escapes because she would not get into the car with her drunk lover. She realizes she is under surveillance and is attacked by an unknown assailant. Realizing that her brief was accurate, she goes into hiding and reaches out to Verheek for help. Political reporter Gray Grantham  is contacted by an informant who calls himself "Garcia" who claims to have information about the assassinations. "Garcia" disappears. Darby then contacts Grantham and mentions the Pelican Brief; Grantham discovers the information Darby discloses has validity. Darby finds out that her computer, disks and files are gone from her apartment. Soon after, she is attacked again, but again escapes. She contacts Verheek and arranges to meet him in a crowded public place. Prior to their meeting, Verheek is murdered by Khamel, who then goes to the meeting impersonating Verheek. Before Khamel can kill her he is shot and killed by an unknown agent. Darby contacts Grantham again and agrees to meet him in New York City. There, she gives him the details of her brief. The legal brief speculates that the assassinations were committed on behalf of Victor Mattiece, an oil tycoon who wants to drill for oil on a Louisiana marshland which is a major habitat of an endangered species of pelicans. A court case on appeal is expected to make its way to the Supreme Court. The two slain justices had a history of environmentalism — their only common view — and thus Darby surmised that Mattiece hoped to turn the case in his favor by eliminating the two justices, thus leaving the President to appoint new justices more likely to rule in his favor. Grantham tells her about "Garcia", and together they discover that "Garcia" is Curtis Morgan , a lawyer in the oil and gas division of White & Blazevich in Washington. Darby visits White & Blazevich, pretending to have an appointment with Morgan. She is told that he had been killed. She suspects that his discovery of incriminating evidence was the real reason for his murder. She and Grantham visit his widow, who gives them a key to a safe deposit box. Darby visits the bank to retrieve the contents of the box. When she and Grantham return to their vehicle, Grantham has difficulty starting the car. Darby recognizes the faltering sound as the same sound she heard just before Callahan was killed. They flee the vehicle and are pursued by a car, which crashes into their parked vehicle, detonating the bomb and killing one of their pursuers. They escape to the Washington Herald building, where they review the documents and a videotape recovered from Morgan\'s box. The tape confirms Morgans discovery that Mattiece ordered the assassination of the justices and the documents confirm the accusations. With the evidence that he needs, Grantham writes his story. He gives the FBI a chance to comment. Director Voyles  on the record confirms that the Pelican Brief was delivered to the White House; off the record, he reveals that the President ordered the FBI to "back off". He tells Darby that CIA agents were investigating Mattiece, and that one of them killed Khamel to save her life. A plane is arranged for Darby to flee the country. The movie ends with Darby at her hideaway, watching Grantham being interviewed on TV, where it is revealed that Mattiece and two of his lawyers have been indicted in federal court, the President\'s chief of staff has resigned, and the President himself will not run for office again. Grantham deflects speculation that Darby is fictional, but does agree that she is "almost" too good to be true. Her life having been saved, Darby smiles as the screen cuts to black.'] ['Jack Ryan  is on a "working vacation" in London with his family. He has retired from the Central Intelligence Agency  and is a professor at the U.S. Naval Academy. They witness an attack on Lord William Holmes , British Secretary of State for Northern Ireland and a distant cousin of the Queen Mother. Ryan intervenes and kills one of the assailants, Patrick Miller, while his older brother Sean  looks on. Ryan is badly wounded. The remaining attackers flee and leave Miller to be apprehended by the police. While recovering, Ryan is called to testify in court against Miller, who is part of a fictional breakaway group of the Provisional Irish Republican Army. Ryan is awarded a knighthood and eventually returns to the U.S. While being transferred to Albany Prison on the Isle of Wight, Miller\'s escort convoy is ambushed by his comrades, including Kevin O\'Donnell , who kill the police officers, and he escapes. Miller and his companions flee to Northern Africa to plan their next attempt on Lord Holmes. Miller however, cannot shake his anger towards Ryan for killing his younger brother and persuades several members of the group to accompany him to the United States to murder Ryan and his family. Ryan survives an attack outside the U.S. Naval Academy. Simultaneously, Miller and an accomplice attack Ryan\'s wife and daughter on a busy highway. They crash and both are severely injured. Enraged over the attack on his family, Ryan decides to go back to work for the CIA, having earlier rejected the appeal of his former superior, Vice Admiral James Greer . Ryan\'s work leads him to conclude that Miller has taken refuge in a training camp in Libya. A British Special Air Service team attacks and kills everyone in the camp while Ryan looks on through a live satellite feed. Unbeknownst to Ryan, Miller and his companions had already fled the camp and were on their way to the US to stage their next attack. Lord Holmes decides to visit Ryan at his home to formally present his KCVO. With the aid of Lord Holmes\' traitorous assistant, Miller\'s group tracks Holmes to Ryan\'s home in Maryland, kill the U.S. Diplomatic Security Service agents and state troopers guarding the house, and attempt to kidnap Lord Holmes. Ryan leads Holmes and his family to safety while he attempts to lure Miller and his companions away from his home. The FBI\'s Hostage Rescue Team scrambles to pick up Holmes. Upon realizing that Ryan is leading them away from Holmes, Miller\'s companions try to persuade Miller to turn around, but an enraged Miller kills O\'Donnell and the rest of the group and continues his pursuit of Ryan. Ryan and Miller fight hand to hand; Miller is killed, and his body is obliterated in the subsequent explosion of the craft.'] ['The film begins with CIA director Maxwell Danforth  watching a filmed recording of agent Laurence Fassett  and his wife making love. When Fassett goes into the bathroom to take a shower two assassins enter the bedroom and kill his wife by holding her down and spraying poison into her nostrils. It is hinted that the woman was an innocent bystander sacrificed by Danforth as collateral damage. Fassett, unaware of his employer\'s involvement, goes almost insane with grief and rage and begins to hunt down the assassins, eventually uncovering a Soviet spy network known as Omega. Fassett is called into the director\'s office and says that he wants to turn some of Omega\'s agents to the side of the West, and he has the perfect opportunity in John Tanner , a controversial television journalist, highly critical of government abuses of power. Fassett explains that Tanner\'s closest friends are Omega agents. He believes Tanner could turn the Soviet spies into defecting. For proof, he offers videotaped evidence of Tanner\'s friends discussing financial matters with a Russian man, whom Fassett identifies as KGB. Tanner had met his friends years ago in college, and they have all gone on to successful careers. The spies are Bernard Osterman, a television producer, and two others: Richard Tremayne, a plastic surgeon, and stock trader Joseph Cardone. Tanner agrees, but only on the condition that the CIA appear as a guest on his show. Danforth agrees to this condition. Tanner has a troubled marriage with his wife Ali  that is not helped when Tanner asks her to avoid the upcoming Osterman weekend and to take their son. He does not want to involve them in the events but cannot tell her why he wants her to stay away. While Ali is driving to the airport, her truck is ambushed, and she and the child are kidnapped. In the meantime, Tanner\'s home has been wired with closed circuit video so Fassett can gather more evidence. The three spies arrive for the weekend, each having recently encountered difficulties engineered by the CIA in order to unsettle them and make them receptive to \'turning.\' Tensions flare up and on the second night Fassett puts a video-feed on Tanner\'s living room television, showing video evidence of the spy ring to the traitors. Having reached the breaking point, Ali and Virginia end up in a brief scuffle and everyone goes to their rooms. John\'s son discovers the decapitated head of the family dog in the refrigerator, but this turns out to be a fake head. John has had enough and orders everyone out of his house and then confronts Fassett and presents an ultimatum: arrest the suspects. Fassett orders a guard to kill the broadcaster. Meanwhile, Cardone and Tremayne have taken their wives and escaped in the Tanner\'s RV. Tanner confronts Osterman and tries to attack him but Osterman easily overpowers the television reporter and demands to know what is going on. Tanner tells him that he knows that Osterman and his friends are Soviet agents, which Osterman dismisses as being ridiculous. He states that they have been illegally stashing money away in Swiss bank accounts to avoid taxation, saying that "It ain\'t legal, but it sure as hell isn\'t traitorous." Then Fassett reappears on the television by closed circuit, admitting the truth: his friends are nothing more than tax evaders. Nevertheless, Fassett kills the Tremaynes and Cardones by detonating an explosive device on the RV by remote control and then orders his soldiers into the house to kill Osterman and Tanner. Using the televisions in the house and the video cameras, Fassett taunts Tanner during the attack on the house, having learned that Danforth authorized his wife\'s murder. Fassett tells John he will give his family back to him if he will expose Danforth on air. After an interval, we see Danforth preparing for his remote interview with Tanner. Danforth is at his office and will speak into a camera and microphone crewed by the TV station. Tanner introduces Fassett on the air, and Danforth explodes into a rage when he discovers he has been tricked. Fassett, who is also being filmed remotely, exposes Danforth as a murderer. Fassett\'s remote location is obviously secret, but it is clear someone is coming for him. It is revealed that Tanner himself has pre-recorded his questions for both men and has used the video feed to locate Fassett, whom he shoots and kills.'] ['Bobby Scott is a former Force Recon Master Gunnery Sergeant, acting as a selection cadre member for Delta Force. While observing a "stress phase" exercise designed to evaluate Delta candidates, Scott meets recruit Curtis and Sergeant Jacqueline Black, an edged-weapons  instructor. Sergeant Black and Curtis each demonstrate their competence, and make plain to Scott their ambitions to serve on future missions. Before he leaves cadre Scott is drawn into a clandestine operation to find and recover the President\'s daughter, Laura Newton. The team has two days before the media reports her missing from her classes at Harvard. They begin by investigating one of her philandering professors and her boyfriend, who she fought with. Their argument drove her to a bar where girls are recruited as prostitutes, and they follow a middleman to a bordello that funnels some of the girls to an international sex slavery ring. The madam sends them to a pay phone, which leads Scott and Curtis to a beach house. Scott tries to bluff his way past one man in the house, but a second man starts firing, forcing Scott and Curtis to kill the men in self-defense before they can learn anything more. Calls placed to the pay phone are traced back to Tariq Asani, a Lebanese national in a federal prison. Scott agrees to do whatever it takes to get the girl back, and under orders from Robert Burch, the head of the investigation, they plan to stage a robbery to intercept Asani during a prisoner transport to a medical facility. At a gas station en route Scott appears to kill the transport guard then kills the other inmate  but spares Asani when he says he can get them on a plane out of the country that night. Then Asani offers Scott a girl, as thanks for his help, and with a little digging from Scott confirms the sex slavery ring is based in Dubai. Scott stops at a convenience store to relay the information to the team and gets ammunition from Curtis, but when Curtis turns to get more ammunition from another member of the team Asani sees his badge and opens fire from the parking lot. Curtis is wounded and Scott kills Asani. As the team prepares a stealthy assault on the ring\'s base in Dubai, a news broadcast reports that Laura and her college professor were discovered drowned while sailing off the coast of Martha\'s Vineyard and consequently, the rescue operation is called off. Scott returns home, but Curtis finds him and persuades him that she couldn\'t have been killed in the boating accident because he found an earring on the porch of the boathouse identical to the ones she is wearing in a photograph. When Scott and Curtis return to the beach house to investigate, Curtis is killed by a sniper on a nearby boat, and Scott finds Laura\'s unique "sign" in a window in the boathouse, the same sign she used on the letter her boyfriend showed Scott earlier. Scott escapes and tries to contact Laura\'s mother with the evidence, but is prevented by a Secret Service agent. When he shows her the earring, the agent explains that for years the President has used his visits to his daughter as a cover for extramarital affairs, and he pulled Laura\'s Secret Service detail to use as extra protection for himself during the trip. The agent pleads with Scott to rescue Laura, telling him that she\'s been Laura\'s real mother, because her parents are purely political animals who agreed to fake Laura\'s death rather than deal with the fallout from the public learning the truth. As evidence, the agent gives Scott a set of photo-booth photographs of herself with Laura as a child. Scott enlists Sgt. Black to help him rescue Laura from Dubai, and, cut off from his team, turns to Avi, a former Israeli operative now working in the private sector. Avi agrees to get Scott into Dubai and get Laura out concealed in a cargo container, obtaining weapons for him and support from a man named "Jones", an Australian mercenary. Jones is killed during the rescue but Scott flees with Laura to a safe house, where he persuades her that although he is alone he is acting under orders: "One riot, one ranger." She remembers that the king of Sparta would respond to requests for help from neighboring kingdoms by sending one man, and decides to trust him. When he takes Laura to the airport to seal her in the cargo container he discovers he is being tracked when he finds a transmitter in his knife, and he rushes her out of the container just as his old team arrives to apprehend them. Scott is shot and separated from Laura, who is captured and bustled off toward a plane. Scott is pursued by Stoddard, who shouts that Laura could\'ve lived in captivity but will be killed to maintain the cover story. When Laura fights her captor she reveals herself as Sgt. Black, and shows her the photos from the Secret Service agent , convincing her to stop struggling. Laura\'s screams have drawn the attention of a Swedish news crew about to board their plane, and Sgt. Black ignores Stoddard and delivers Laura to their jet before she is shot by Stoddard. The journalists recognize Laura and get her safely aboard, and Scott slits Stoddard\'s throat just as the jet takes off. Afterwards, from a city street, Scott sees a news broadcaster on television in a shop window saying Laura\'s death was a faked as a cover for her rescue. Burch spins the story of Laura\'s kidnapping as an opportunity for the President, and the U.S. Government, to take action to end the trafficking of American girls as sex slaves. Scott smiles as the man watching beside him mumbles that it\'s time to go home, and he walks away, with the rumble of a London double-decker behind him.'] ['Motherland is an epic documentary about the African continent from Ancient Egypt to the present. It is an overview of African history and contemporary issues but with the African people at the centre of the story. It is one of the first Pan-African features to be made.'] ['The film opens in the final days of World War II as the Russians are on the outskirts of Berlin. A German SS general ([[Richard Lynch  is dispatched to the Swiss border with top secret materials, with orders to hide them from the Allies. In contemporary Los Angeles, Lt. Barney Caine  is assigned to solve the murder of his former boss and friend Tom Neeley. The scene is made to look like a drug deal gone wrong. However, Neeley has written \'Gene\' on a newspaper in his own blood, and Caine finds a map of Germany with the name \'Obermann\' on it. Caine is surprised to learn that Neeley provided drugs at parties hosted by the tycoon Adam Steiffel . When he interviews Neeley\'s ex-wife , he quickly catches her in several lies, and when he returns to interview her a second time, he finds her shot dead in her hot tub. Steiffel reveals in his interview that Neeley was working for him as a bagman, executing all the bribes  that are required of an American energy firm to operate in the Middle East. He sent Neeley overseas frequently to distribute money to business partners. He makes reference to a formula for a catalyst that converts coal into petroleum and claimed that the Nazis had relied heavily on their coal reserves and the formula to fuel their war efforts, given their lack of petroleum resources. Steiffel asserts that the formula has been kept secret by the powerful oil cartel, which would lose power if coal-rich countries like the United States could simply rely on their natural resources. Caine becomes convinced he must go to Germany to solve Neeley\'s murder, and after he convinces his Chief  to allow him to pursue the investigation in Europe, the Chief is seen phoning one of Steiffel\'s cronies  to tell him that Caine has taken the bait. Once in Berlin, Caine meets up with Paul Obermann  at the Berlin Zoo. Olbermann explains that the formula was in fact real, and the Nazis hid it as the war ended in an operation code-named \'Genesis\'. This confirms Caine\'s hunch that Neeley was killed over the formula, rather than a drug deal. Obermann is murdered outside the zoo, and back at his apartment, his niece Lisa  shows up to be interviewed by the police. At Obermann\'s memorial service, Caine asks Lisa to accompany him on his investigation, acting as his interpreter. She agrees and they follow up on a lead that Obermann gave him regarding Professor Siebold who worked on the formula. During their interview with Siebold, he reveals that the inventor of the formula, Dr. Abraham Esau , is still alive. After they leave his apartment, Siebold is shot in the head through a window. On their way to visit Esau, Lisa and Caine sleep together. When they meet up with Esau, he writes down the formula for Caine, after he makes Caine promise to make it public. Lisa and Caine make photocopies and send them to the LAPD and a Swiss energy company. Caine also hides two copies from Lisa, depositing them in the hotel\'s safe. In a subsequent scene, he reveals that he has deduced that she is not Obermann\'s niece at all, but a spy sent to keep tabs on him. She admits it, but claims she didn\'t sleep with him because of her orders. At the border with East Berlin, Caine confronts the assassin who killed the Neeleys, who reveals Steiffel ordered their murders. Lisa kills the assassin to prove she wasn\'t lying about her feelings for Caine, and then she flees into East Berlin. At the airport before flying home to Los Angeles, Caine realizes the two copies of the formula in the hotel safe were replaced with fakes by Lisa, and that the only real copies are with the LAPD and the Swiss. After landing in Los Angeles, he heads straight to Steiffel\'s office. Steiffel has kidnapped Caine\'s partner  and is holding him for ransom, that is, for the copy of the formula that Caine had received from Esau. Steiffel gives a speech about the reason that the "cartel" for which he works has been keeping the formula secret since 1945. The cartel\'s plan is to keep the formula secret until it has acquired control of the planet\'s coal reserves which -- to the possessor of the formula -- will be worth their weight in gold when the world runs out of oil. They had been able to keep it secret until a Swiss business man named Tauber began searching for the members of the original Genesis team, in the hopes of reconstituting the team and recreating the formula. This made the  members of the Genesis team a liability to the cartel, so Steiffel had pulled strings to get Caine sent on a trip to Germany. The plan was that Caine\'s trip would serve  as a cover for the cartel\'s plot to eliminate all of the remaining members of the Genesis team. Caine offers to turn over the original copy of the formula  in return for the release of his partner Yosuta. Steiffel agrees, and Yosuta is released. Just before leaving, Caine reveals that he sent the formula to the Swiss business man Tauber. Afer Caine has left, Steiffel rifles through his rolodex for a business card and makes a phone call to the Swiss business man  to whom Caine sent the formula. He asks Tauber to keep the formula secret for another 10 years  in exchange for a 30% share of his anthracite  holdings. They negotiate briefly, and the Swiss executive agrees to hold off on producing petroleum with the formula.'] ['In the town of Castle Rock, Maine, Johnny Smith , a young New England schoolteacher, is in love with his colleague Sarah Bracknell ([[Brooke Adams . He is involved in a serious car accident that sends him into a coma. He awakes under the care of neurologist Dr. Sam Weizak  and finds that five years have passed and that his girlfriend has since married and had a child. Johnny also discovers that he has the ability to learn a person\'s secrets  through making physical contact with them. As he touches a nurse\'s hand, he sees her daughter trapped in a fire and also realizes Dr. Weizak\'s mother, long thought dead from the war, is still alive. As news of his "gift" spreads, he is asked by the nearby sheriff  for help with a series of killings but declines. Sarah visits him with her infant son and the two wind up making love. Johnny then agrees to help the sheriff and through a vision realizes it\'s his own deputy that is committing the murders. Before they can arrest him, the deputy gets away and commits suicide. Johnny is then shot and injured by the man\'s mother. Disillusioned, Johnny moves away and attempts to live a more isolated life, taking on tutoring jobs and working from home. After seeing a vision of the boy he is tutoring falling through the ice during a hockey game, Johnny warns the boy\'s father and the boy avoids the tragedy, although two other boys are killed. Johnny then realizes he has a "dead zone" in his visions, where he can actually change the future. Later, Johnny discovers through a handshake that a US Senatorial Candidate whom Sarah is volunteering for, Greg Stillson , will become President of the United States, and through the handshake sees Stillson ordering a nuclear strike against Russia, thus presumably bringing on a nuclear holocaust. Johnny feels it to be his duty to assassinate Stillson. Johnny attempts to shoot Stillson at a church rally, but misses and is shot by Stillson\'s security detail. Stillson grabs Sarah\'s baby and holds him up in the air as a human shield; this act is photographed. Johnny is confronted by an angered Stillson; he grabs his hand and foresees Stillson committing suicide due to the destruction of his reputation after his cowardly act is revealed. Johnny then says to Stillson "It\'s over. You\'re finished." A satisfied Johnny then dies with Sarah by his side.'] ['U.S. President Henry Ashton  attends a political summit in Salamanca, Spain to promote an international treaty. Displayed with eight differing viewpoints, an assassination attempt on the president occurs, relayed in a time span of 23 minutes. Each time the events unfold from the beginning, a new vantage point is shown revealing additional details, which ultimately completes the story of what actually took place during the incident. In the third vantage point, Enrique, who claims to be a Spanish police officer assigned to protecting the mayor of Salamanca, sees his girlfriend Veronica , being embraced by a stranger and overhears them speaking about meeting under an overpass. When he confronts her, Veronica assures Enrique of her love for him as he hands her a bag. When the president is shot, Enrique rushes onto the stage to protect the mayor, but is tackled by Barnes. While being detained, he witnesses Veronica toss the bag he gave her under the podium, causing the second explosion. Enrique escapes as the agents who previously had him in custody, mount a chase while firing shots in his direction, failing to subdue him. Enrique confronts an unseen individual at the overpass and asks if he is surprised to see him still alive. The fourth vantage point revolves around Howard Lewis who is chatting with a man called Sam , while a little girl named Anna , bumps into him and drops her ice cream. Later, Lewis notices Barnes looking at the curtain fluttering in the window of a nearby building, and captures the footage with his camcorder. Following the second explosion at the podium, Lewis chases Enrique and the pursuing Secret Service agents. At the overpass, Lewis views the pair of agents from afar shooting in the direction of Enrique as he greets an individual in a police uniform under the overpass. Seriously wounded, Enrique falls to the ground. Lewis sees Anna who had earlier become separated from her mother, trying to cross a busy intersection. An ambulance races down the road about to hit Anna, as Lewis runs out to save her.'] ["Navy Commander Sam Keenan  is a decorated U.S. Navy SEAL, sent to the Eastern European nation of Moldavia. Keenan is sent to the U.S. Embassy in Moldavia's capital city to become the new Security Attaché there. When he arrives, Keenan learns that Moldavia is in the middle of a civil war. At the embassy, Keenan meets with Ambassador George Norland , who makes Keenan the deputy ambassador. Recently, the U.S. installed a new government in Moldavia, and it is a government led by Moldavia's newly-elected president Yuri Amirev . Amirev wants the nation to be run as a democracy, but under the command of Anton Tavarov , Communist insurgents have caused a riot at the presidential palace, threatening the fragile democracy. The insurgents are loyal to dictative former president Alexei Kirilov , who is a communist who abused Moldavia's people. When the palace guards start firing on the insurgents without Amirev's go-ahead, the insurgents storm the palace, demanding Amirev's head. Keenan volunteers to bring Amirev to the embassy. But events reach critical mass, and the insurgents open fire. Keenan barely makes it back with Amirev, but the fight isn't over yet. Fifty Americans are holed up in the embassy, and Tavarov and his massive army have arrived at the gates, with plans to crash the building and drag Amirev out by any means necessary. To add to Keenan's problems, Norland is killed by a rocket that was launched by one of Tavarov's men. To defend the embassy, Keenan has only 15 Marines, CIA bureaucrat Frank Gaines , limited ammunition, and his martial arts skills to hold Tavarov's army off until American reinforcements arrive. To make matters worse, Keenan's girlfriend, reporter Michelle Whitman , is one of the hostages. With Tavarov's crew getting in position for attack, a power struggle takes place between Keenan and Gaines; with help hours away, it will be up to Keenan to rescue the hostages."] ["Nikolai 'Kolya' Rodchenko  is a Soviet ballet dancer who had defected from the Soviet Union. The plane carrying him to Tokyo has to make a forced landing in Siberia, and he is recognized by KGB officer Colonel Chaiko . Chaiko then contacts African-American tap dancer, Raymond Greenwood , who has defected to the Soviet Union and gets them both to Leningrad. Chaiko wants Rodchenko to dance at the season's opening night at the Kirov, and Greenwood to babysit Rodchenko. To convince Rodchenko, Chaiko uses Galina Ivanova , a former ballerina who never left the Soviet Union and is an old flame of Rodchenko. After an initial period of racial and artistic friction, the two dancers  become strong friends. When Raymond finds that his wife Darya  is pregnant, he decides he doesn't want his son to grow up in the Soviet Union, and together with Rodchenko they plan an escape, with the help from Galina, who still has feelings for Nikolai. While the escape plan is going on, Raymond chooses to stay behind to delay Chaiko, gaining time for Nikolai and Darya to get to the American Consulate at Leningrad. Even though Raymond is incarcerated when the whole plan is revealed, he is finally traded by the Russians for a prisoner from America, and reunites with his wife and Nikolai."] ['The French secret agent Josselin Beaumont is sent to Malagawi, a fictional African country, to kill the ruling dictator, Colonel Njala. However, before he manages accomplish his mission, the political situation changes drastically and the French secret service resorts to handing over Beaumont to the Malagawian authorities. After a long and unfair trial, during which Beaumont is injected drugs, he is sentenced to long-term penal servitude at a "re-education camp". After a daring escape with one of the inmates he returns to France and informs the French secret service of his presence, promising that he will kill Njala, who is in France for an official visit, thus getting his revenge on the people who betrayed him. The secret service responds by setting other agents on Beaumont\'s trail, however he manages to remain one step ahead, humiliating and killing some of the major betrayers, including the sadistic chief of the secret police, Rosen. After the chief falls in a gunfight, Beaumont switches their ID cards, spreading confusion within the secret service and temporarily reducing Njala\'s guard. Beaumont eventually gets Njala killed, by tricking the secret service into shooting the dictator. As he finally tries to escape by slowly walking towards the helicopter of the presidential whore, Beaumont is shot by the French government.'] ['During the course of a burglary, master jewel thief Luther Whitney  witnesses Secret Service agents killing Christy Sullivan , the beautiful young wife of elderly billionaire Walter Sullivan , during her drunken rendezvous with Alan Richmond , the President of the United States. Walter Sullivan is Richmond\'s friend and financial supporter. Hiding behind a one-way mirror, Luther watches as Richmond sadistically slaps Christy and tries to strangle her. When she attacks him with a letter opener, President Richmond calls for help, and Secret Service agents Bill Burton  and Tim Collin  shoot her to death. Chief of Staff Gloria Russell  arrives on the scene and makes the scene appear as if a burglar killed her. Luther escapes with some valuables and the bloody letter opener, but the Secret Service witness his escape. The next day, Detective Seth Frank  begins his investigation of the crime, and although Luther quickly becomes a prime suspect in the burglary, Frank does not believe he murdered Christy. As Luther is about to flee the country, he sees President Richmond on television, vowing to find the murderer. Incensed by this hypocrisy, Luther decides to bring the president to justice. Meanwhile, Burton asks Frank to keep him informed about the case while a Secret Service agent wiretaps Frank\'s office telephone. Luther\'s estranged daughter Kate , who works as a prosecutor, is contacted by Detective Frank, and the two go to Luther\'s town house to search for clues. Photographs of her in the house indicate that Luther has secretly been watching her as she grew up. She still suspects him of killing Christy, so she agrees to Frank\'s request that she meet with Luther. Frank guarantees Luther\'s safety, but Burton learns about the plan through the wiretap, and someone alerts Sullivan, who hires a hitman  to kill Luther. At the meeting, Collin\'s sniper and Sullivan\'s sniper, each unaware of the other, try to shoot Luther, but they both miss, and Luther escapes through the police cordon by posing as a police officer. Back at Kate\'s apartment, Luther comes out of hiding and explains to Kate how Christy was killed, and then leaves. Luther taunts Chief of Staff Russell by sending her a photograph of the letter opener and tricking her into wearing Christy\'s necklace in public. Correctly suspecting that Kate knows the truth, President Richmond orders Collin and Burton to kill her. When Detective Frank tells Luther that the Secret Service has taken over surveillance of Kate, Luther races back to Washington D.C. to protect her. He arrives at her jogging area just moments after Collin used his SUV to push her and her car off a cliff. Collin tries to kill her again at the hospital, approaching her bed with a poison-filled syringe, but Luther stops him, jabbing him in the neck with a poison-filled syringe of Luther\'s own, forcing Collin to drop his. When Collin pleads for mercy, Luther says he\'s "fresh out" and delivers the fatal dose. After learning from Detective Frank that Sullivan gave no reason why Christy stayed home—she had claimed to her husband, and to him only, that she was sick—Luther incapacitates Sullivan\'s chauffeur and drives Sullivan around Washington, telling him what happened on the night of the murder and explaining that the president incriminated himself in a speech by citing Christy\'s excuse for staying home, which he could only have learned from her. Luther gives Sullivan the letter opener and drops him off outside the White House, and Sullivan carries the letter opener into the Oval Office. Meanwhile, alerted by Luther that his phones are bugged, Detective Frank goes to Burton\'s office, where he discovers that a remorseful Burton has committed suicide for his attempt on Kate\'s life. Frank uses the evidence Burton left behind to arrest Russell. Later, on the television news, Sullivan claims that the president committed suicide by stabbing himself to death. Back at the hospital, Luther watches over Kate in her hospital bed, sketching her. After Detective Frank visits briefly, Luther suggests to Kate that she invite Frank to dinner sometime, and then continues to draw a sketch of the daughter he loves.'] ['U.S. energy giant Connex is losing control of key Middle East oil fields in a kingdom ruled by the al-Subaai family. The emirate\'s foreign minister, Prince Nasir  has granted natural gas drilling rights to a Chinese company, greatly upsetting the U.S. oil industry and government. To compensate for its decreased production capacity, Connex initiates a shady merger with Killen, a smaller oil company that recently won the drilling rights to key petroleum fields in Kazakhstan. In the film, Connex-Killen is loosely based on ExxonMobil and their deal for the Tengiz oil field in 2003. Connex-Killen ranks as the world\'s twenty-third largest economy, and antitrust regulators at the U.S. Justice Department  have misgivings. A Washington, D.C.-based law firm headed by Dean Whiting  is hired to smooth the way for the merger. Bennett Holiday ([[Jeffrey Wright  is assigned to promote the impression of due diligence to the DoJ, deflecting any allegations of corruption.  Bryan Woodman  is an energy analyst based in Geneva, Switzerland. Woodman\'s supervisor directs him to attend a private party hosted by the emir at his estate in Marbella, Spain to offer his company\'s services. The Emir\'s illness during the party prevents Woodman from speaking directly with the Emir while, at the same time, the emir\'s younger son, Prince Meshal Al-Subaai , shows the estate\'s many rooms and areas to Chinese oil executives via remote controlled cameras. No one notices that a crack in one of the swimming pool area\'s underwater lights has electrified the water. Just as Woodman and all the other guests are brought to the pool area, Woodman\'s son jumps into the pool and is fatally electrocuted. In reparation and out of sympathy for the loss of his son, Prince Nasir, the emir\'s older son, grants Woodman\'s company oil interests worth US$75 million, and Woodman gradually becomes his economic advisor. Prince Nasir  is dedicated to the idea of progressive reform and understands that oil dependency is not sustainable in the long term; Nasir desires to utilize his nation\'s oil profits to diversify the economy and introduce democratic reforms, in sharp contrast to his father\'s repressive government, which has been supported by American interests.  Bob Barnes  is a veteran Operations Officer with the Central Intelligence Agency  trying to stop illegal arms trafficking in the Middle East. While on assignment in Tehran, Iran to kill two arms dealers, Barnes notices that one of two anti-tank missiles  intended to participate in an explosion was diverted to an Egyptian , while the other explodes and kills two Iranian agents. Barnes makes his superiors nervous by writing memos about the missile theft, and is subsequently reassigned to a desk job. However, unaccustomed to the political discretion required, he quickly embarrasses the wrong people by speaking his mind and is sent back to the field with the assignment of assassinating Prince Nasir, whom the CIA identifies as being the financier behind the Egyptian\'s acquisition of the missile. Prior to his reassignment, Barnes confides in his ex-CIA agent friend, Stan Goff , that he will return to Lebanon. Goff advises him to clear his presence with Hezbollah so they know he is not acting against them. Barnes travels to Lebanon, obtains safe passage from a Hezbollah leader and hires a mercenary named Mussawi  to help kidnap and murder Nasir. But Mussawi has now become an Iranian agent and has Barnes abducted instead; Mussawi, himself, then tortures Barnes. The Hezbollah leader ultimately arrives at the scene of Barnes\' torture in time to stop Mussawi from beheading Barnes. When the CIA learns that Mussawi plans to broadcast the agency\'s intention to kill Nasir, they try to distance themselves by scapegoating Barnes, portraying him as a rogue agent. Whiting worries, first about Barnes talking about the Nasir assassination plan, second about the possibility that Nasir\'s coup might have a greater likelihood of success, and third that killing Nasir with an MQ-1 Predator drone would make it obvious as an American-backed assassination. So he has Barnes\' passports revoked, locks him out of his computer at work, and has him investigated. Barnes, however, learns from Stan Goff that Whiting is responsible and threatens him and his family unless he halts the investigation and releases Barnes\' passports. Barnes eventually learns why he was portrayed as a rogue agent and approaches Prince Nasir\'s convoy to warn him of the assassination plan. As he arrives, the missile strikes the automobile of Nasir and his family, killing them instantly. Woodman, having offered his seat earlier to Nasir\'s family, survives the blast and makes his way home to his wife and son.  Pakistani migrant workers Saleem Ahmed Khan  and his son Wasim  board a bus to go to work at a Connex refinery, only to discover that they have been laid off due to a Chinese company outbidding Connex for the rights to run that facility. Since the company has provided food and lodging, the workers face the threat of poverty and deportation due to their unemployed status. Wasim desperately searches for work, but is refused because he doesn\'t speak Arabic. Wasim and his friend join an Islamic school to learn Arabic to improve their employment prospects. While playing soccer they meet a charismatic Islamic fundamentalist cleric   who eventually leads them to execute a suicide attack on a Connex-Killen LNG tanker using a shaped-charge explosive from the missing Tehran missile.  Bennett Holiday meets with U.S. Attorney Donald Farish III , who is convinced that Killen bribed someone to get the drilling rights in Kazakhstan. While investigating Connex-Killen\'s records, Holiday discovers a wire transfer of funds that leads back to a transaction between Texas oilman Danny Dalton  and Kazakh officials. Holiday tells Connex-Killen of his discovery and they pretend not to have known about it. Holiday advises Dalton that he will likely be charged with corruption to serve as a "body" to get the DoJ off the back of the rest of Connex-Killen; Dalton responds with a fervent defense of how corruption is simply the way of competition and how America "wins" against the rest of the corrupt world. Farish then strong-arms Holiday into giving the DoJ information about illegal activities he has discovered. Holiday gives up Dalton but Farish says this is not enough. Holiday meets with the CEO of Killen Oil, Jimmy Pope ([[Chris Cooper  and informs him that the DoJ needs a second body to drop the investigation. Pope asks Holiday whether a person at Holiday\'s firm above him would be sufficient as the additional body. Holiday acknowledges that if the name were big enough, the DoJ would stop the investigation and allow the merger. Holiday is brought by his colleague and mentor Sydney Hewitt  to meet with the CEO of Connex Oil, Leland "Lee" Janus . In a surprise move, Holiday reveals an under-the-table deal that Hewitt made while the Connex-Killen merger was being processed. Holiday has given Hewitt to the DoJ as the second body, thereby protecting the rest of Connex-Killen. Janus is able to attend the ceremony "oil industry man of the year" with a load taken off his shoulders. Throughout the film, Holiday has angrily crossed paths with his alcoholic father Bennett Sr.; at the movie\'s end when the merger has been completed, Bennett Jr. lets his apologetic-looking dad enter his house and shuts the door.'] ["Detective Agustín Rejas  is tracking the self-styled President Ezequiel , a Marxist-influenced guerrilla waging a brutal terrorist campaign against the corrupt-yet-democratic government of an unnamed Latin American country. Contrasting with the violence and death in his professional life, Rejas begins to fall for Yolanda  - his daughter's beautiful ballet teacher. But she may not be all she appears, and his growing attraction to her brings him in direct conflict with his prey."] ['Bartholomew "Barley" Scott Blair , the head of a British publishing firm, is on a business trip to Moscow. He attends a writers\' retreat where he speaks of an inevitable New World Order on its way and an end to tension with the West. Attentively listening is a man called Dante , who wants to be convinced that Barley means what he says. It transpires that Dante has secretly written a book about the Soviet Union\'s true nuclear missile capabilities. A few months later, unable to locate Barley at a sales fair, a Russian woman named Katya Orlova  asks another publishing company\'s representative, Niki Landau , to pass along a very important manuscript. Niki sneaks a look at the book and delivers it to British government authorities instead. British intelligence agents and American CIA agents track Barley to his holiday flat in Lisbon, then interrogate him to see how he knows Katya. They realize he is as much in the dark as they are, so Ned , gives him some fundamental training as a spy. The British MI6 agents realize that the manuscript is of vital importance to the USA, so they start working with the CIA, with both agencies wanting Barley to work on their behalf. Barley returns to the USSR to seek out Dante and confirm that he is genuine. He meets with Katya, with whom he is instantly smitten. Through her, he confirms that Dante is a brilliant scientist whose actual name is Yakov. He also denies to Katya\'s face that he is a spy. At the first phase, the British run the operation, while informing the CIA on its results. The CIA team in the United States, headed by Russell , is concerned because the book states that the Soviet nuclear missile program is in very bad shape, and therefore there\'s no real reason for an arms race to continue. Katya sets up a face-to-face meeting with "Dante," going to great lengths to avoid being followed. Barley explains that the sensitive manuscript is now in the hands of British and American authorities. Yakov feels betrayed, but Barley convinces him that the book can still be published, which was the author\'s objective in the first place. Dante is clearly disappointed by Barley\'s trust of the authorities, explaining that government people  are only driven by their own interests, not caring about simple people. Nevertheless, Dante gives Barley another volume to the manuscript after Barley assures him that he\'s sympathetic to the cause. Impressed by the additional volume, Russell\'s boss Brady  and a U.S. military officer named Quinn  personally question Barley, wanting to be certain where his loyalties lie. Russell then travels to London to monitor Barley\'s progress. He declares that he would help the British operation out of a true ideological belief in Glasnost, although this would not be good news to his "customers" of the weapons industry, who need an arms race for continued prosperity. Convinced that Dante\'s manuscripts are truthful, the CIA and MI6 come up with a list of questions , which is meant to extract as much information of the USSR as Dante could provide. On that point, irregularities begin to emerge, but the joint British-American team rationalizes them, except for Barley\'s "Russia House" handler Ned, who senses something amiss. Barley, by now fully in love with Katya, wants to keep nothing from her; he admits that he is spying. Katya, in return, confirms that Yakov is not acting like himself, fearing that he may be under KGB observation or control. She gives Barley the address where Yakov will be staying when he is in Moscow. Barley is under full British-American surveillance as he takes the shopping list to Yakov\'s apartment. Ned suddenly concludes that the Soviets know all about the operation and that they only let it run because they want to put their hands on the list. He realizes that if they get the questions, they will know exactly what the British and Americans know - just based on what they were asking. Ned is now convinced that Barley has made a deal to turn over the questions to the USSR. Russell disagrees with Ned completely and instructs the assignment to proceed as planned. The British-American team expects the meeting with Yakov to last 2–3 hours, but when Barley doesn\'t return after 7 hours, Russell must admit that he was wrong. They must now do damage control, pretending that the questions were deliberately false. Barley, meanwhile, has left a note for Ned. Barley explains that during a prearranged phone call to Katya, Yakov used a code word to let her know that he has been compromised by the KGB, and that her life is also in danger. To save Katya, Barley has traded the shopping list to the Russians in exchange for the freedom of Katya\'s family. He admits to the British and Americans that it might be unfair, but as he writes to Ned: "You shouldn\'t open other people\'s letters." Barley returns to his flat in Lisbon, where he waits for a ship to dock that brings Katya and her family to begin a new life with him.'] 