['In 1918, against the background of political events following the Russo-Japanese War, a geisha serves a new customer. Though he is about to be married, and it is against the rules, she falls in love with him.'] ['On her honeymoon, Yūki discovers that her new husband Tarō is not inspired to perform sexually in bed, but prefers the restroom.{{cite web}}'] ['A lewd old lady claiming to be Mother Goose has been put on trial for obscenity, and the evidence being presented is a collection of pornographic animated shorts. Little Red Riding Hood, Jack of Jack and the Beanstalk fame, Cinderella and Snow White are among the most notable participants in what becomes an all out fairy tale orgy.'] ['In 1936 Tokyo, Sada Abe  is a former prostitute who now works as a maid in a hotel. The hotel\'s owner, Kichizo Ishida , molests her, and the two begin an intense affair that consists of sexual experiments, drinking, and various self-indulgences. Ishida leaves his wife and family to pursue his affair with Abe. Abe becomes increasingly possessive and jealous of Ishida, and Ishida more eager to please her. Their mutual obsession escalates to the point where Ishida finds he is most excited by being strangled during lovemaking, and he is killed in this fashion. Abe then severs his penis and writes, "Sada Kichi the two of us forever," in blood on his chest.'] ["In this romantic comedy, a blind girl falls in love with a man by listening to his voice, but she mistakes the man's friend to be the one with whom she is in love and begins dating him."] ['Cops take sexual advantage of the men they pull over on the beat. A newbie cop is forced to choose between his emotions and his ambition.'] ['A young woman in a village is involved in romantic entanglements during the preparation of a festival celebration.<ref namehttp://www.kmdb.or.kr/eng/md_basic.asp?nation04020|title2009-06-30|publisher=Korean Movie Database  }}'] ["Saori is the wealthy, unfaithful wife of the impotent Kosaku. When she returns from a trip abroad, Tsumura, Kosaku's assistant, meets her and takes Saori to an apartment. There Tsumura rapes her and submits her to various sexual tortures while she is photographed by photo-journalist Tayama. Her husband, Kosaku uses the photographs to blackmail Saori into giving him control of the family estate. Saori is returned to her mansion, but kept in a cage in the basement where she is subjected to regular bouts of abuse from Tsumura. Besides rape, other indignities endured by Lady Saori include breast bondage, enemas and the insertion of hen's eggs into her vagina. After Kosaku dies from a stroke, Saori realizes that she has come to enjoy Tsumura's treatment.{{cite journal}}<ref nameWeisser|firstYuko Mihara Weisser|title1998|publisherMiami|isbn222}}"] ['A bored housewife dreams of becoming a novelist. She enrolls in a writing class and commences an affair with her tutor.Sharp, p. 273.'] ["Kanako is a married woman who receives an invitation from Tomoe, a lesbian lover from her past, to attend a showing of artwork by Isaku, Tomoe's husband. Isaku's paintings have an S&M theme which surprises Kanako. Tomoe persuades Kanako to begin going with her to a class in which she is learning how to behave like a proper female dog. Kanako's husband, Eiichirō, is suspicious about her activities. After hiring a private detective and learning about her perverse hobbies, Eiichirō throws Kanako into a landfill. The film ends with Eiichirō apparently taking his dog for a walk. The camera pans down to show that, despite his apparent objections to her lessons, Eiichirō is in fact walking Kanako, who is on all fours on a dog leash.{{cite book}}"] ['Georgina Spelvin plays Justine Jones, a lonely, depressed spinster who decides that suicide is the only way out of her routinely dull existence.<ref name62 1973 Original Edition DVD] product page at VCX While lying in the bathtub, Justine slits her wrists, dying quietly as the tub fills with her blood.Spelvin, p.228 Because she has lived a \'pure\' life, Miss Jones finds herself in limbo. There she meets Mr. Abaca , an angel, of sorts, who informs her that she does not qualify for entrance to Heaven because she has killed herself. Angry that this one indiscretion has left her with only the options of limbo or Hell, she begs Mr. Abaca to let her "earn" her place in Hell by being allowed to return to earth and become the embodiment of lust.Spelvin, p.94 Justine has a few bizarre and sexually deviant encounters, the last of which is a graphic threesome. However, just as she\'s enjoying her new life of lust, the brief time Justine was given to fulfill herself runs out and she is faced with the eternity of Hell. At first, Miss Jones is horrified at the pain she will be forced to endure, but Abaca is quick to dispel the common human myth of Hell and promises Justine that she will be "quite comfortable..." Justine, now a raging sex addict, then finds herself confined to a small room with an impotent, sexually uninterested man who is more interested in catching flies than her.She desperately begs the man for sex, but he simply asks her to be quiet while he listens to the buzzing of his imaginary insects. Trapped in her own private hell, Miss Jones is left screaming in agony for all eternity, thirsting for a climax she will never achieve by her own means.'] ['Sayo is running a travelling BDSM show with her husband, where she plays the bottom, and gets increasingly bored with her life. During their tour in Kyoto, they are arranged by a well-off couple who ask for a private show, without knowing that they will eventually be forced for the "real thing".{{cite web}}'] ["A man travels to a countryside town seeking employment. He becomes romantically involved with a woman who cannot smile, and works for her parents' printing company. When he learns that his girlfriend in Tokyo has disappeared he returns to look for her. Screenwriter Kenji Fukuma based the script on his poetry.<ref nameWeisser|firstYuko Mihara Weisser|title 485|yearVital Books : Asian Cult Cinema Publications|location1-889288-52-7}}"] ['A group of five policemen engages in all sorts of corrupt activity including the rape of a girl resulting in her death. They rob a church of funds intended to go to Vietnamese refugees. During the investigation of the robbery, they use their position to frame a local teenage gang.<ref nameWeisser|firstYuko Mihara Weisser|title1998|publisherMiami|isbn349}}'] ["Fawn Deering  is a college student researching animal mythology and human sexuality. This project leads her to Dr. Jade  for an interview on the subject. While at Dr. Jade's Manor, she meets Adam ([[Brad Armstrong  and is immediately drawn to him. Sophie the maid ([[Missy  warns her to leave Jade Manor and never look back, but Fawn cannot resist Adam's invitation to return that weekend to observe a bacchanal. Sophie tries to get Adam to leave Fawn alone and not share their curse, but Adam has fallen in love with her and does not want to live without her. Unfortunately, this means that Fawn will have to become a Satyr like the rest of them. While the transformation takes place, Fawn spends most of her time sleeping and having visions where she sees Adam is his Satyr form. After Fawn is completely transformed, she journeys into Adam’s room where they profess their love for each other. Adam finally realizes that he is cursing Fawn for the rest of her lifetime, and sets out to return her to human form."] ['Alfonso  challenges his friends Ferrando and Guglielmo to the fidelity of their respective boyfriends, Dorino and Fiorino. Ferrando and Guglielmo insist their lovers are true, Alfonso sets out to test both. He takes his first stab at Dorino and summons Despino to help conquer Fiorino. Having lost their bets, Ferrando and Guglielmo surrender to Alfonso, who claims his prize.'] ['Sakura is a young woman who begins exploring her sexuality while preparing for university life.<ref namehttp://www2u.biglobe.ne.jp/~p-g/data/2009/090506/090515itoko.htm|title2010-06-26|languageP.G. Web Site}}'] ['Christina Von Belle, a wealthy heiress, is kidnapped by a lesbian terrorist group and held for ransom. She escapes the lesbian terrorists only to fall into the clutches of a gang of gourmet chefs who want a piece of the ransom themselves.'] ['The storyline is reminiscent of the original Flash Gordon films, but with a generally campy flavor to it. The character names are innuendos, based on original characters from the serial, the hero Flesh Gordon ; his love interest Dale Ardor ; the evil Emperor Wang the Perverted ; Dr. Flexi Jerkoff ; Amora, Queen of Magic ; and a gay Robin Hood-like character called Prince Precious . Emperor Wang aims a "Sex Ray" at the Earth from his home world of Porno [Mongo]. The entire planet becomes hopelessly sexually obsessed and it is up to Gordon to stop the rays. The film uses nudity whenever possible, and the scenes are shot in a style nearly identical to the original Flash Gordon serials. As an example, their rocket lands on the planet Porno. A sauropod dinosaur with a glans-like head is observed. Flesh asks Dr. "J", "What\'s that"? "Must be some kind of penisaurus", Dr. "J" replies. A towering, demonic-looking creature, the Great God Porno , brought out of hibernation by Emperor Wang makes an appearance, muttering obscenities in a very velvety voice. The monster\'s fate is a major plot point.'] ['Shep  and Kate  run a farm. Their daughters, Martha , Jane  and Beth  also live on the farm as well as a farmhand named Fred . The film starts as Fred ridicules the three daughters for peeping on their parents having sex. In return, the three daughters join up to carry him off. Their parents notice the commotion, but think their daughters just want to toy with him. Alas, the daughters push him into a bed and proceed to mount and gang rape him, which includes subjecting him to facesitting. After they are done, Martha spits his own ejaculation on his face. They then warn him not to tell their parents what they did. To stress the point, Beth whips his bottom with a flyswatter while Jane scratches him painfully. After they all pee on him, they start gang raping him once again - at this point three escaped convicts walk by and see them. The convicts  continue on to the parents\' house and stop them in mid-intercourse. One of the convicts rapes Kate while another makes Shep watch and the third goes back to get the daughters. The first two convicts then knock out Shep and gang rape Kate together. The daughters walk by the house and see their parents tied up naked and gagged. After they remove his gag, Shep tells them to run away, but outside they stumble into the convict who was sent to bring them earlier. The three convicts then rape the three daughters in front of their nude parents in a twisted game of Simon says, until a returning Fred steals the convicts\' sole shotgun. Fred holds the convicts at gunpoint, but does the same to the family, telling them they have to pay for what the daughters did to him earlier. The convicts don\'t take him seriously and so he fatally shoots one of them. Turning back to the family, Fred orders the daughters\' mother Kate to give him fellatio. Interested to punish the family by making them engage in incest, Fred orders Martha to give a likewise fellatio to her own father Shep. After this, Fred makes the three daughters have sex with their mother Kate and orders the remaining convicts to urinate on the women. As Fred does the same, Shep is able to get hold of the shotgun and kill Fred. The entire plot is then fast forwarded in reverse chronology, until it is revealed this was all a daydream that Fred was having while he was being urinated on by the farmer\'s daughters after they finished gang-raping him. The film ends as they splash water on him to "clean him up".'] ['The film is a comedic parody of horror films of its time, with a cross between The Texas Chain Saw Massacre and Friday the 13th with Kristen  and Megan  playing college students planning to attend a concert. After they hit a homeless man with their car, the girls and their friends are systematically murdered.Camp Cuddly Pines Official Site - "About." URL accessed 15 January 2007.'] ['A single eventful night in the lives of a crew of Los Angeles-based, trans-Pacific stewardesses. The leading character is killed in a 30-story suicide leap, and the others simply "party," using drugs and engaging in various sexual encounters. One of the girls befriends and beds a returning Vietnam combat soldier.'] ["Yearning to make real films in early 1970’s Hollywood, California, twenty-five year old, French-Canadian, Jim DeSalle , gets caught up in the adult film industry, trying to support himself and his wife Lisa , with their Baby . They seem to have the perfect life, but it all falls apart. Unbeknowest to Jim, they have been under surveillance by the local police Vice Squad for being involved in making and distributing pornographic films. Everything starts to unravel for Jim: The police begin a series of raids, his “sleazy distributors” won’t pay him, he has a fling with an actress, his wife takes their child and leaves him, and his the creditors are seeking to seize his assets and evict him from his beach house. It seemed like he had everything at the beginning of the film, it now looks as if he's going to be left with nothing. It may be too late when Jim and Lisa finally realize that all they really want to do is to get on their boat, with Baby, and sail to the middle of the ocean, to get as far away from it all as they can. Just as Jim reveals to the Vice Cop. ."] ['Willard Isenbaum, a lonely insurance man with wild and sexual fantasies, decides to propose to the new secretary, Susie, whom he has only known for a day and to whom he has never spoken. He spends the entire morning before work fantasizing about having sex with her, but his attempts to approach her fail. His female boss sends him to investigate a claim filed by Painless Martha\'s, an aging tattoo artist, who works in a prison. Martha believes in a Ouija board message saying that she will be killed by a wizard on a Tuesday. When Willard tells her that the insurance company won\'t pay until her death, she dies of a heart attack. Her will stipulates that her killer must take care of her duck. After the duo spends a night in jail, the duck takes Willard to a brothel. After a wild night of partying, they wind up in the desert, where the duck dresses Willard in women\'s clothing in an attempt to get a ride. After several encounters with an old prospector dying of thirst, a racist police officer, two lesbians, and a short Mexican man, they are finally picked up by a trucker. Back at his apartment, Willard creates a makeshift sex object, which the duck eats. Shortly after, Willard discovers that the duck is a girl, and has sex with her. The following morning, Willard and the Duck go to Willard\'s job, where Willard has sex with his female boss, and quits his job shortly after. Willard and the Duck leave, and the movie ends with Willard saying that the Duck was "a good duck" after all.'] ["Ippei, a college student, finds a formula that can render him invisible. He uses it to spy on women's bathhouses, and have sex with female students. A professor becomes aware of his activities and punishes him.{{cite book}}"] ['During the latter part of World War II, Judge Murayama, head of the Japanese military police, uses his position to falsely accuse, capture, imprison and torture women in whom he is interested. Namiji Kikushima, a high-class business woman, is one such lady. Kikushima is accused of using her Ginza jewellery shop to finance an anti-government organization. Judge Murayama has Lady Kikushima arrested, and orders the new recruit Taoka to torture her. Taoka falls in love with Kikushima, at first hating torturing her then growing to enjoy it. After a long series of tortures and humiliation, while the Judge espouses his twisted version of morality, Taoka sacrifices himself to enable Lady Kikushima\'s escape.<ref nameWeisser|firstYuko Mihara Weisser|title1998|publisherMiami|isbn136–137}}Lewis, Graham R. "The Films of Koyu Ohara" in Asian Cult Cinema, #27 , p. 25.'] ["Sae is a girl in love with a samurai in Edo period Japan. Her father sends her to the Shogun's court, where she is intended to serve as a concubine to the Shogun. When her rivals start rumors that Sae is not a virgin, the Shogun angrily banishes her to a nunnery. With help from her samurai boyfriend, Sae escapes, and the two flee together.{{cite web}}"] ['A gay pink film about two detectives who investigate a gang rape after a video is sent to their office.'] ['The story begins with Jack Baker and Jamie Gillis telling jokes as they watch porn and talk about women. They fantasize how their lives would be better if they were pimps with women working for them. They discuss opening an escort service featuring "new wave bitches" who would become aroused after they hear New Wave music. They fall asleep to TV static, and much of the remainder of the film depicts the two men dreaming about different sexual encounters with women who become sexually receptive after listening to new wave.'] ["A teenager gets in trouble for vandalizing the Hollywood sign and goes to work for his uncle's hot tub repair business rather than go to prison. The nephew falls in love with a secretary at his uncle's company, but risks losing her when caught in compromising situations while performing his duties as a hot tub repairman."] ['After the director\'s message, "I visualize the romance of Roman Porn and I attempt to share that image," a loosely-connected series of softcore sex scenes unfolds. The plot concerns Kyoko, a young Japanese woman married to a man in France. When he abandons her, she returns to Japan. With her sexual appetite now at a high pitch, she engages in sexual escapades with a wide assortment of people, including old friends, both male and female, and an entire soccer team.{{cite book}}'] ['A traffic accident brings together the widow Michiyo and her step daughter Takako with Hideo, the young man who caused the accident. Hideo and Takako start a relationship but Michiyo finds out that Hideo is the son of the man who raped her many years earlier. After this discovery, Michiyo\'s feelings alternate between guilt and excitement and she secretly spies on the young lovers. As atonement she decides to have her "most sensitive areas" tattooed but the pain brings her pleasure. The denouement has Hideo lusting after Michiyo and raping her as his father had done.'] ['Captain Edward Reynolds brags about his victory over the dreaded pirate Victor Stagnetti to his loyal companion Jules; he has even assembled a new crew for his ship, including Ai Chow and Olivia, Serena\'s cousin. It is Olivia who informs the crew that the governor of Jamaica has ordered Serena\'s arrest and Olivia is on board to protect the crew from enemies, and to convince Edward and Jules to ask for Serena\'s pardon. When they finally go to Jamaica and ask Governor Littleton to pardon Serena, he is more interested in Jules\' appearance than anything else. They convince the governor, who first sends them on a mission to kill another group of pirates and find another hidden treasure. Olivia and Jules get off to a rocky start to their friendship, but eventually end up in a steamy lesbian experience. Later, Edward comes across Takvor, the Armenian gold pirate, during a female slave auction and is invited to participate in an orgy featuring belly dancers and slave girls. Meanwhile, Jules is captured by the Chinese pirate empress Xifeng and is administered a liquid which gives her control over Jules\' body and mind. Xifeng uses Jules to seduce/capture Edward. He is then forced to fight a dragon-like creature, but Olivia saves him at the last minute. Meanwhile, Victor Stagnetti is reborn from the sea. He and Xifeng engage in a three-way with their new thrall, Jules, as she happily obliges. Edward and Olivia fight off a host of undead skeletons Stagnetti summons and more. Olivia boards the enemy ship and fights Xifeng in a sword fight and takes her down. She then must fight the poisoned Jules as well, until Stagnetti intervenes and takes both of them down. Once again, Edward comes to the rescue, reclaiming his title as "the greatest pirate hunter that has ever lived".'] ['Two scientists use electric jolts to induce a woman named Mrs. Van Houten with surreal and erotic dreams. After a set of strange scenes ranging having sex with a man inside a Cream of Wheat box to a trip into the abyss of Hell, it is revealed that the woman receiving the jolts of electricity was the boss of the two scientists the whole time.'] ['Debbie Benton  is the captain of her high school cheerleading squad, and has been accepted to try out for the Texas Cowgirls. Her parents disapprove, though, and refuse to pay the fare to Texas. In a bid to help Debbie, her cheerleader friends Lisa , Roberta , Tammy ([[Arcadia Lake , Pat , and Annie  decide to accompany her to Texas. They have two weeks to raise the money, and swear off any sexual activity with their boyfriends and form a company, called "Teen Services", offering help. Tammy takes a job in the local record store run by Tony . Debbie gets a job at a sports store run by Mr. Greenfield . Roberta convinces Mr. Hardwick ([[Eric Edwards  to give her a job at the candle store with Mrs. Hardwick . Rikki  and Annie agree to wash Mr. Bradly\'s car. The football team is annoyed with its lack of sex. Roberta\'s boyfriend Rick  and his teammates join Roberta and Pat in the showers where they have group sex. While working for Mr. Greenfield at the sports store, Debbie is talked in to allowing Mr Greenfield to see her breasts for $10, fondle her breasts for another $10, then he sucks them for an additional $20. Realising that they will not be able to raise enough money by legitimate means, Debbie convinces the other girls to engage in sexual activities for more money. They agree but only if it is on their terms. Roberta is caught masturbating by Mrs. Hardwick. She engages in sexual activity with both Mr and Mrs Hardwick, earning extra money. Rikki and Annie go to see Mr. Bradly , to wash his car. Mr. Bradly is not home, but they wash the car anyway. When Mr. Bradly arrives home he asks them in to dry off their wet clothes. They undress for him for $10 each. He performs oral sex on them, then has anal sex with Annie. At the library Donna  flirts with Mr Biddle, the librarian. Her boyfriend Tim  visits her attempting to have sex with her. She fellates him but is caught by Mr Biddle . She allows him to spank her to prevent him from telling her parents. Hamilton  and his friend Ashly  are in the tennis club sauna after a tennis game, and Hamilton convinces Lisa to fellate him while Ashly penetrates her. At the record store, Tammy has been avoiding Tony\'s advances; she calls Lisa who joins them at the record store. Lisa offers Tony "anything" and she begins to fellate him, then Tammy joins in, and he ejaculates on Tammy\'s breasts. Debbie dresses as a "Texas Cowgirl" and goes to see Mr. Greenfield after hours at the store. She fellates him, he then penetrates her vagina with his finger and performs cunnilingus on her. Then they engage in sex, first in the missionary position, then doggy style, and then with Debbie on top. They finish in the missionary position before Mr. Greenfield ejaculates on Debbie.'] ['Chambers plays the role of Gloria. Gloria is then shown being kidnapped and taken to a sex theater, where she is placed on a stage and forced to perform various sexual acts with multiple partners in front of a masked audience. Her first heterosexual scene in the film is with Johnny Keyes, accompanied by a jazz soundtrack.Williams, p. 300 This possibly makes Behind the Green Door the first U.S. feature-length hardcore film to include an interracial sex scene. Next the truck driver-narrator runs onto the stage and carries Gloria off through the green door.'] ["Madeleine Dalton was once a wild girl who was drawn to bad boys, but has now settled down with real estate broker Mike Dalton. She is desperate to make her dead-end relationship exciting again and goes seeing a psychiatrist, Dr. Jennings. He suggests her to spice up her sex life by playing games. She decides to give it a try and begins using handcuffs and letting her get blindfolded. Meanwhile, several women in Santa Monica are getting handcuffed, blindfolded and knifed to death. Madeleine's sister Chris Madigan is involved with investigating the murders and ends up finding a corpse. She suspects Dr. Jennings is the murderer since he has some sort of connection to a presumed dead killer with an identical modus operandi. While the identity of the murderer is coming closer to being exposed, Madeleine is drawn more and more into the games. She eventually becomes obsessed with S&M and starts an affair with Dr Jannings, but it takes its toll...Stomp Tokyo Plot summary description"] ['The story begins during a thunderstorm. The house, which is shown in the opening shot, named Prairie Blossom, is very clearly fake which lends itself to comedic value. A caller, Willene Cassidy, pays a visit to the house owner, Mrs. Gert Hammond, who is very drunk. She insists that she make herself presentable before she answers the door. This takes a very long time and she makes a bad job of putting on her makeup. In an effort to get the alcohol out of her system she makes herself vomit by putting her fingers down her throat. Finally, having retrieved her wig from the toilet, where it fell during her vomiting, she is ready to greet her visitor. Willene is shocked at the dishevelled appearance of Mrs. Hammond and insist on giving her a bath. Willene explains that her husband is a very famous country music star, Simon Cassidy, whose music is heard on the radio during the later scene and is terrible. During the course of the bath, Willene unintentionally masturbates Mrs. Hammond. It is also revealed that Mr. Hammond died and that their son "no longer exists". As the night goes on, more and more visitors appear to shelter from the storm. Among them is Chandler, widower of the incredibly wealthy Sarah Lou Phillips. The House of Phillips owns the largest girdle factory in the United States. Their popularity is such that few American women are without one. Chandler relates the story of his wife\'s death. She burned to death at a cocktail party, where there was a freak accident and her girdle caught fire. This caused burning rubber to envelop her head, and finally she fell dead into the swimming pool, her head steaming. This causes Chandler to have a bizarre sexual dysfunction. Although initially attracted to women, they would invariably prove to be owners of House of Phillips girdles. When they took off their clothes before sex, he would be reminded of the death of his wife and would not be able to maintain an erection. For this reason he had been having sex with other men, as they don\'t wear girdles that would remind him of the horrific immolation of Sarah Lou Phillips. Rather strangely, during the telling of this story, Chandler is being fellated by Sash and has no apparent erectile problems. Chandler and Sash, while in the basement, discover that Mrs. Hammond had pickled the remains of her husband and kept them in a jar. She tells of the death of her husband, who had been working one day in the grain bin and got covered with grain dust. A swarm of locusts dived on him to eat the dust and in the process devoured much of Mr. Hammond\'s body. During the course of the night, many of the guests have sex with each other in various combinations. There are a great many sex toys at Prairie Blossom. Mrs. Hammond explains that her son collected them. They would be delivered in plain brown packages which she would take to him with his morning breakfast. This causes her to wistfully repeat that he "no longer exists". One of the guests, a man named Toydy, becomes obsessed with finding the key to a locked door in the house. One of the female guests, Roo, finds the key but will not give it to Toydy unless he agrees to ejaculate in her mouth. Despite not finding her attractive, Toydy agrees and manages to stay aroused by watching Bond and Willene have sex. The final human guest at Prairie Blossom, Bing, arrives in an agitated state. He had come from the circus in a vehicle containing a toothless lion, a near-blind elephant, and a female gorilla named Medusa. He explains to the group that Medusa is extremely dangerous and is likely to kill anyone she comes across. It is revealed that Bing himself is the cause of the apes murderous tendencies. His circus-mates, having got Bing drunk, convinced him to have sex with a prostitute. Despite her being hirsute, Bing is too drunk to say no. The next morning, he awakens to the pleasant feeling of being masturbated, though to his horror, the act is being carried out by Medusa, who now has a severe crush on him. She soon realises that her feelings are not being reciprocated and becomes enraged with him, and indeed all men. However, subsequent mistreatment by a female circus-worker causes these feelings to spread to women as well. The only way to calm Medusa is by giving her bananas. Toydy, having watched Bond and Willene have sex, decides to lie to Bond in order to have sex with him. Toydy says that he has a crate of bananas and will give them to Bond if he will have sex with him. Bond considers this carefully, not having had a homosexual encounter before, but agrees on the strength that he and Willene  can use the bananas to escape the murderous primate. On discovering the deception, Bond takes it in his stride and tells Willene he had to be broken in sometime. He jokes that if things don\'t work out between himself and her, he can always try for her husband. Meanwhile, Toydy having gained the key to the locked door earlier opens it with Roo to discover Prairie Blossom\'s terrible secret. By morning, the fate of Roo and Toydy is unknown to the others. Chandler and Sash leave together, as do Bond and Willene, though Bond tells her he likes to sleep around too much to really settle down. Bing has married Medusa, though for some reason, he wore the wedding dress. Mrs. Hammond, alone with the jar containing her husband, proposes a toast to love, and pours Mr. Hammond\'s drink into his jar.MITTERNACHTSKINO - Thundercrack!'] ['Three young women are bathing in a river. This leads to them having sex with each other. Then the devil appears and forces one woman to perform oral sex on him. Then he has sex with all three.'] ['A young couple engage in a rampage of murder, rape and mayhem in order to stimulate their sexual appetites.'] ["Noriko, a young widow, lives with her senile father-in-law, Shukichi. In order to convince Shukichi that his favorite cow is not dead, Noriko rises before dawn, poses as the cow and allows Shukichi to milk her instead. Conflict arises when Shukichi's daughter tries to put an end to this relationship.{{cite web}}"] ["A prehistoric cavegirl named Tahra  with a penchant for passion finds pleasure in the company of archeologists when she is accidentally transported to the future. There she encounters two archaeologists named Richard  and Sharon . After several adventures, many of them sexual, Tahra's lover Tiko  also finds his way to the future. Eventually, all of them are transported back to the time of Tahra."] ['The film is a love comedy which follows the lives of two buxom sisters as they take their graduating exams to become witches. The object of the exam is to get marriage proposals from mortal men.Based on {{cite web}}'] ['A beekeeper becomes romantically involved with a mudang and her daughter in a village. The daughter leaves with the beekeeper, but after her mother dies in a house fire, she returns to the village leaving the beekeeper alone.<ref namehttp://www.kmdb.or.kr/eng/md_basic.asp?nation04522|title2009-06-30|publisher=Korean Movie Database  }}'] ["The film tracks Jack Wrangler's evening at the titular Adonis Theatre, a notorious Times Square movie house."] ['Kyōko is a woman with a promiscuous past who is sexually unsatisfied with her marriage. Her frustrations lead her to have hedonistic dreams, such as her mother and grandfather having sex together. Seeking to rejuvenate her marriage, she throws a wild party. The ploy is a success.Weisser, pp. 252-253.'] ['Ben-Hur Ova , who has a loving and devoted wife, Miassis , is voted the "World\'s Most Faithful Husband" by Ladies House Companion magazine. Lucifer U. Devil  is upset because there have not been enough new souls in Hell. The last "major" arrival was Adolf Hitler. Lucifer is challenged by the claim that no earthly temptation can lure Ben away from Miassis. He bets his wife, Saturna , who has been badgering him to get back on duty, that he can get Ben to forsake his faithfulness. "I’ll have him cheating on his wife within two shakes of a sinner’s tail," he vows. He visits the couple in order to tempt Ben with a succession of buxom, naked young women. There is a scene in a backyard swimming pool with a sexy bathing beauty; another scene in the same pool has two beauties; and there is a peek at the new maid. None of his ploys work, however. Lucifer then escorts Ben for a night out on the town, treating him to cocktails, barmaids, a burlesque show, a Turkish bath, a hotel room, and a special TV commercial during Ben\'s favorite program, The Wonderful World of Disney. As it turns out, Ben-Hur Ova is actually a visiting Arabian sheik with a large harem of wives and Lucifer\'s efforts to tempt him with beautiful, sexy women is to no avail.'] ['Joëlle  is a beautiful executive at an advertisement company. Her vagina is infected with a mysterious malice and begins to talk and lead her to indecent sexual acts. It is soon revealed that her problems root from her hardships as an adolescent. In the finale, she has sex with her husband Eric (Jean-Loup Philippe  and passes the “infection” to his penis. One day, while angry at a parking ticket, Joëlle is tempted by a blonde girl on the street. She follows her to a music shop and caresses her vulva. When she acts indifferently, Joëlle folds a 100 French franc banknote and starts to rub the girl\'s clitoris with it but as she attempts to insert the money in the blonde\'s vagina, the two are interrupted. The following day, at the office, she performs fellatio on an astonished office boy. At home, at the end of a solemn and boring dinner with family friends, she masturbates on the sofa, in the presence of them. Eric is upset but also aroused and they have sex in their bedroom. However, Joëlle is not satisfied and masturbates again in the bathroom to the fantasy of a bunch of men ejaculating on the windows of a car, while she is inside, masturbating. When she returns from the bathroom, her vagina starts to talk. The next day, her vagina begins to rule her life and tells her to go to an adult film theatre. She goes to a cinema where men amuse themselves to a motion picture depicting a man cutting a girl\'s bodice with a knife and raping her. Joëlle takes two of the men to the restroom and has sex with them. When she returns home, her vagina tells Eric what she had done at the cinema. The next evening, Eric invites a friend, Martine  who is a psychiatrist (but presented to Joëlle as a veterinarian, Martine adding sarcastically "with an interest in pussies  home to deal with the case of Joëlle. Martine seems to be very much interested in Eric and Joëlle’s vagina takes “revenge” from her by “forcing” her, first, to have sex with Eric and then, with Joëlle. The following day, Martine holds a press meeting and makes Joëlle’s case public. Joëlle and Eric find no solution else than going to Joëlle’s deserted family house outside Paris. Sleazy reporter Richard  knows that Joëlle’s ultimate sanctuary will be the house of her aunt Barbara  who is an artist fond of sex (she has two threesomes with young male and female [[model . He makes a deal with her to sell out Joëlle to him for an interview. Back at Joëlle’s house, Joëlle’s vagina talks to Eric of Joëlle\'s sexual experiences when she was an adolescent, which happen to be real reasons behind her affliction. Young Joëlle  is molested by her stepfather and she leaves herself to his advances. Then her mother enters the room and shoots her stepfather dead with a pistol. After this, Joëlle is seen seducing a young tennis partner on whom she performs fellatio but he comes early and she sends him away to deflower herself with the nose of a Pinocchio marionette. She seduces and has sex with a “well-endowed” teacher in the classroom with the help of a girlfriend. She even has sex with a priest in the church after confession. Richard breaks in Joëlle’s house at night, leaving her with no choice other than taking “refuge” at her aunt’s house. Barbara informs Richard on the phone  and arranges an interview with Joëlle’s vagina. All seems to end happily when the couple has sex and Joëlle’s vagina stops talking. However, it is now Eric’s penis that is “infected”.'] ["Alex  is a smart and successful businesswoman, a good girl who often thinks about sex but usually doesn't act upon it. Her friend Julie challenges her to be more sexually active and risqué. When Alex meets an attractive pizza delivery man, she doesn't just think, but decides to act upon her sexual desire.Sexualite, 2006-06-04, Good Girl, Erika Lust"] ["Kizaki kidnaps Yuriko and engages in a rape and torture session with her, which he photographs. With the photos, he blackmails aristocratic flower arrangement teacher Yumeji, Yuriko's older sister. Rather than allow him to shame her clan by sending the photos to the media, Yumeji goes to Kizaki. Kizaki then proceeds to rape and torture Yumeji, who was his true desire all along. Yumeji escapes from Kizaki at the end of the film.<ref nameWeisser|firstYuko Mihara Weisser|title1998|publisherMiami|isbn226 }}"] ['After her boyfriend leaves her, a 28-year-old woman has a romance with a 20-year-old man.<ref namehttp://www.dvdasian.com/_e/Japan/product/14774/No_Love_Juice_Rustling_In_Bed_aka_Fuwafuwa_To_Beddo_No_Uedo_.htm|title2009-05-29|publisher=DVD Asian.com}}'] ["Okoma is a female yakuza and gambler who returns to her hometown after a two year absence. She finds that her old boss has been killed and a rival gang is taking over her own gang's territory. Okoma forms her own gang to seek vengeance. The rival gang captures and tortures her, but she escapes. In the ensuing gang war, the rival gang, and most of her old gang are wiped out. Okoma leaves again, alone in her victory.<ref nameWeisser|firstYuko Mihara Weisser|title1998|publisherMiami|isbn353}}"] ['The movie features scenes of Laurer and Waltman taking a guided tour of China, intercut with footage of the pair participating in explicit anal, vaginal, and oral sex acts, with special emphasis on an anal sex scene, which serves as the climax of the film. Waltman appears to be under the influence of marijuana during much of the film, something which he later admitted to in an interview.'] ['Dolores, the Freak Brothers\' landlady, is going to evict them unless they can come up with rent money. As a result, all three brothers find themselves victims of bedroom farces. Vinnie fakes being a painter, but his client wants other services anyway. Alas, when she later reveals she tricked him and still expects him to paint, he steals her purse. Meanwhile, Vinnie has sex with their landlady, just to find out she still expects her rent. She does however grant a postponement of some days to a female tenant who tries the same trick. Lastly, Fat Freddie  meets Mr. Natural, the 82-year-old proprietor of a health food store who dresses in a potato sack and wears a fake Santa Claus beard which he removes for the sex scenes with his two employees who don\'t manage to sell his vitamins. Fat Freddy is indeed hired by Mr. Natural. But when he wants his payment, Mr. Natural puts "vita-beans" in his hands and has his employees fake being attracted to that. Fat Freddy thus accepts it instead of money. Mr. Natural himself then agrees to get paid not in money when he brings a personal delivery to the female tenant. But when she tells him about the brothers\' situation, he feels sorry and has Fat Freddy spike the landlady\'s drink with the "vita-beans", rendering her sick for about a week.'] ["A homeless schizophrenic , thinks he's an alien zombie sent to earth. Roaming the streets of Los Angeles in search of dead bodies, he tries to bring the dead back to life by engaging in homosexual sex."] ['A horror story about a man who is attracted to the younger of two sisters who have moved into the apartment next to his. After he is seduced by the older sister, he develops an omnivorous sexual appetite.{{cite web}}'] ["Two assistants to an S&M photographer decide to practise their master's art on their own. They convince a young woman to pose for them and subject her to bondage and torture during the photography session. After their work is finished, the three go to the home of the young woman's ex-boyfriend and attack him and his wife.<ref nameWeisser|firstYuko Mihara Weisser|title1998|publisherMiami|isbn298}}"] ["{{Expand section}} A college coed researches a sex subculture by answering ads in the college's underground newspaper."] ['Cornelius Clapworthy  and his sidekick Maurice Kelly  are two elderly forgers responsible for flooding the UK with fake banknotes. On the run from their gangster boss Slasher  and effeminate, cross dressing government official Podsnap  the pair escape to the Scottish Highlands and posing as musicians hide out at Bovington Manor, a B&B run by Lady Bovington . Since Bovington Manor is scarcely attended, Clapworthy and Kelly are free to continue their criminal activities, albeit having to constantly recite "O for the Wings of a Dove" to drown out the noise of the printing press that produces the fake banknotes. However when Lady Bovington’s chorographer nephew Rodney and his troupe of dancing girls arrive at the manor, business picks up considerably when the girls, vaguely under the leadership of Rena  decide - rather generously - to help Lady Bovington out by dressing as nurses and re-opening the Manor as a brothel with topless massages and \'the full treatment\' being the order of the day. This means trouble and unwanted attention for Clapworthy and Kelly, especially when the girls’ services bring Slasher and his heavies to the Manor.'] ['Mio is a young woman whose husband is a millionaire\'s son. When he becomes impotent following an automobile accident, she begins an affair with their gardener and chauffeur, Nitta. After her husband discovers Mio\'s infidelity, he forces her to leave.<ref nameWeisser|firstYuko Mihara Weisser|title1998|publisherMiami|isbn 223–224}}{{cite journal}}"Lady Chatterley in Tokyo". Adam Film World October 1978, pp. 60–63.'] ['Katsu, a young man who has spent five years drifting around Japan, returns to his coastal village hometown hoping to restart his life. Though the villagers recognize him, he refuses to admit to his past identity. He sets about disrupting social conventions and engaging in sexual and violent affronts to decorum. A local girl befriends him.{{cite book}}'] ['Tomoko, the wife of an impotent and bitter man, hires a younger man to help her run her printing press business. She becomes involved in an affair with him. A suspense-pink in homage to The Postman Always Rings Twice .{{cite web}} {{Dead link}}'] ['Emmanuelle  is a free-spirited woman who makes erotic arthouse films and runs a dance studio out of her loft in Paris. The movie opens with a "Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous" style montage of Cannes, with a documentary-like narration giving us an overview of the famous film festival held there every year. A film within a film, the sequence shows Emmanuelle premiering her latest film, Love Express, in Cannes, causing a scandal in the process. Later, she defends her film at a press conference to reporters who accuse her of creating pornography. After the Q&A, Emmanuelle\'s producer introduces her to Prince Rajid, a wealthy despot who owns the fictional Arab country of Benglagistan. He is apparently obsessed with Emmanuelle and wants to premiere the film in his homeland. Outside, a throng of male fans awaits Emmanuelle, all desperate for a touch of the famed beauty. Things quickly escalate and the mob strips her of every last article of clothing, sending her jumping onto a stranger\'s departing boat for safety. Her unwitting saviour is Charles D. Foster, a young millionaire who disapproves of Emmanuelle\'s erotic films. The couple quickly fall in love after a night of exciting sex on his yacht. After an argument with the concerned Foster, Emmanuelle travels to Benglagistan to promote her film, and meets Eddie, an Indiana Jones style danger-seeker who befriends her. Prince Rajid kidnaps her for his harem and decides to make her one of his 50 wives. Eddie helps her escape, and together they run into the jungle. Charles send an army helicopter to help Emmanuelle. Eddie dies in the shootout but she escapes with the helicopter. Emmanuelle joins Charles D. Foster on a midnight plane ride where they drink champagne and make love. The plane quickly falters and crashes into the mountains near Las Vegas. After being rescued and returning home to mourn her dead lover, she receives a note and flowers and realizes Foster is alive and loves only her.'] ['A woman living in an expensive Tokyo apartment suspects that the piano tuner living on the same floor is the man who raped her years before. When she witnesses the man raping another woman, she becomes convinced of his identity, but is unwilling to report him to the police because of a mysterious attraction she has towards him.'] ['The film is a parody of {{nihongo}}, a tennis manga. Similar characters to that in the manga include "Madam Butterfly", a rich snob of a professional tennis player, and Hiromi, her suffering opponent.Weisser, p. 448.'] ['A sexually frustrated woman  asks her friend Helen  for advice on how to achieve an orgasm. After a sex party provides no help, Helen recommends that Linda visit a doctor . The doctor discovers that Linda\'s clitoris is located in her throat, and after helping her develop her oral sex skills the infatuated Linda asks him to marry her. He informs her that she can settle for a job as his therapist, performing her particular oral technique—thereafter known as "deep throat"—on various men, until she finds the one to marry. Meanwhile, the doctor documents her exploits while repeatedly having sex with his nurse ([[Carol Connors . The movie ends with the line "The End. And Deep Throat to you all." The 61-minute-long movie is intended to be humorous, with highly tongue-in-cheek dialogue and songs; fireworks going off and bells ringing during Lovelace\'s orgasms.'] ["As the film begins, Emmanuelle is travelling by ship to join her husband, Jean, in Hong Kong. To her annoyance there are no cabins available and she has to sleep in an all-female dorm. During the night, she is awakened by the girl in the neighboring bunk, who tells her that she is afraid of sleeping in a room full of women because she was raped by three Filipino girls while at boarding school in Macao - she concludes by confessing that she enjoyed it. Emmanuelle recognizes this as an invitation and the two women have sex. Arriving in Hong Kong, Emmanuelle is reunited with Jean and, after a couple of attempts, manage to have passionate reunion sex. Emmanuelle slips into the life of the Hong Kong expat community. She becomes friends with Anna Maria, the young stepdaughter of one of Jean's lovers. The two swap sexual confidences and Anna Maria is forced to admit that she is still a virgin. Emmanuelle schemes to remedy this. Over the course of the film, Emmanuelle has a series of sexual encounters. She has sex with Anna Maria's dance teacher and with a tattooed man in the locker room of the polo club. She experiences vivid sexual fantasies during an acupuncture session and also masquerades as a prostitute in a notorious Hong Kong brothel, where she has sex with a group of sailors . Together with Jean and Anna Maria she visits a bath-house, where they have steamy, full body contact massages from a trio of Thai woman. Emmanuelle, Jean, and Anna Maria take a trip to Bali. When Jean emerges from the shower that night he finds Emmanuelle and Anna Maria waiting for him on the bed. Emmanuelle undresses Anna Maria and makes love to her, before sitting back and smiling approvingly while Jean takes the young woman's virginity."] ["Akiko is the heir to a yakuza clan. Hitoshi, who has been kicked out of the rival Hono Clan after attempting to seduce Akiko, kidnaps her at the behest of Hanamura. Hanamura has formed a new gang and intends to use Akiko as a hostage to take over her clan's territory. During the torture and abuse sessions which follow, Akiko comes to enjoy the treatment and forsakes her gangland empire.{{cite book}}"] ["Famous real-life stripper Sayuri Ichijō appears as herself in this fictional account of her daily life. The story involves Ichijō's relationships with two men: Her boyfriend, and the strip-club owner. Ichijō considers her work in striptease to be an art-form and pushes the boundaries of legality. Harumi, a younger stripper determined to outdo Ichijō, contributes to the ever-increasing extremity of the strip acts, which result in continuous problems with the police, and numerous arrests.{{cite web}}{{cite web}}"] ['Several washed-out celebrities check themselves into a drug rehabilitation clinic that is being filmed for reality television. The patients are under the care of the perverted Dr. Screw Pussky  and a scantily clad RN .'] ["The story is loosely based on a 1926 short story by Jun'ichirō Tanizaki, published in Chūōkōron in September 1926. The film opens as an artist and a young woman are in a dentist's waiting room. Though he is attracted to the woman, he says nothing to her. They are later in the same examining room. When the artist is given an anaesthetic, he begins to imagine a series of scenes in which the woman undergoes various forms of sexual abuse at the hand of the dentist, including rape and torture. When the artist recovers from the anaesthetic, he finds bite marks on the woman's breast, indicating that he may not have been hallucinating.Synopsis based on Weisser, p.102. and {{cite book}}"] ['The film follows the protagonist, an angel in heaven (played by Horst Baron and his female entourage, Tiffany Hopkins and Susi Webstar. They are inspired by a secret book about the seven deadly sins. The individual scenes are each based on a mortal sin.'] ['Miyashita plays an office clerk who is having an affair with her married boss. Since he refuses to leave his wife, Miyashita and another couple plan to kidnap his daughter to collect a ransom.<ref nameWeisser|firstYuko Mihara Weisser|title1998|publisherMiami|isbn498–499}}'] ["Based on the 1964 novel of the same name by Komimasa Tanaka, the film tell the story of a strip-teaser, and her daughter who wishes to join her mother's profession.{{cite web}}"] ['A man knocks on a teenage girl\'s door, claiming to be in need of directions. When the girl leaves to answer the phone, the man sneaks in, and grabs the girl when she returns. Physically and verbally assaulting the girl, the man drags her into a bedroom by the neck, and rapes her. The rapist ejaculates and urinates on the teen\'s face, and asphyxiates her with a bag while yelling that Richard Ramirez is his "God". Tracking the killer is obnoxious Channel 5 Action News reporter Roberto Negro, who has been receiving taunting letters from the murderer, most of them containing rants about how he worships Satan. The killer and two accomplices  attack a pregnant housewife, filming themselves pummeling and raping her at gunpoint. When the trio finish, they shoot the woman and her dog. Roberto reports on the housewife\'s death, and while the authorities refuse to confirm there is a serial killer on the loose, Roberto is convinced there is. Spotting a woman having car trouble, the killer and his partners pull up in their van, force her into the vehicle, and take her to their hideout, the interior of which is covered in Satanic graffiti. The woman is filmed being abused, raped and stabbed, with the killer smearing her blood on himself and the walls of the room. An envelope containing a knife, a gun and another note is sent to Roberto, and the police acquire clues from these items. Another package, this one containing a VHS tape, is dropped off at Roberto\'s office. The tape is a tribute to the killer, showing two of his fans brutalizing and sexually assaulting a woman. Roberto recognizes one of the copycats as a gas station attendant, who the police arrest. In a newscast, Roberto states that the copycat, his partner and the original murderer\'s accomplices have been apprehended, but the lead killer is still at large. Elsewhere, two men recognize the serial killer when he walks by them on the street, and chase him, being joined by several others. The killer is cornered in an alleyway, and beat and stabbed to death by the angry mob. Roberto finds the man\'s body, kicks it twice, and walks away.'] ['Owing a mob boss half a million dollars which must be paid in 24 hours, a group of executives comes up with ideas for, and films, a pornographic movie.'] ["Alice  offends her would-be lover William  by rejecting his advances. Upset, she falls asleep reading Alice in Wonderland. The white rabbit  appears to her in a dream and takes her into a sexual wonderland. The story loosely follows Carroll's original plot, and includes many of his characters, but with considerable sexual license."] ['A working-class housewife is sexually unsatisfied by her husband. When she seeks extramarital relationships, her affairs are discovered by a brothel-owner who then blackmails the woman into working as a prostitute for her.'] ['The movie starts off with the live action sequence of two real life guys lying in bed watching Saturday morning cartoons. The two guys are obviously a gay couple. They then find on television, The House of Morecock and the viewer then watches what the twosome can see on their TV. We are then introduced to Jonas Morecock, and we then follow him on a series of adventures, including meeting Bigfoot, a chance encounter with a Merman and being face to face with the Loch Ness Monster. All of the situations end up with Jonas having sex with at least one other guy. The film parodies a lot of mainstream television and films including The Little Mermaid, The Blair Witch Project, Godzilla, The X-Files, Titanic, Psycho and Jaws. There are a total of ten episodes contained on the DVD, each featuring a different story involving Jonas.'] ['A man with a troubled past including incest with a younger sister and the murder of a woman travels to an isolated countryside town in Nagano. There a local who mistakes him for a famous television actor shows him the town\'s sites, including a strip bar in which the performers remove Heian era costumes. The film\'s narrative is in an allegorical and disjointed manner with references to Buddhist concepts.{{cite book |lastThomas|coauthorsJapanese Cinema Encyclopedia: The Sex Films|page1998|publisherMiami|isbn"Sharp-311"/>'] ["Lannie  wakes after dreaming about nude women floating in space. She wonders aloud about her sexuality and inexperience. Her mom  brings up boys and tells her about a new man, Mr. Kennedy , who she thinks likes her, but is too shy to say anything. Mark Radner  hangs out with his friends, Jeff  and Kevin . Kevin talks about his encounters with Debbie, meanwhile Jeff gets teased about not getting laid. Mark reveals his maid  has been stealing, but he hasn’t told his parents, because he wants to blackmail her. He meets her outside in the garden, and brings her upstairs. He orders her take off her clothes, then she starts servicing him and his friends before they have sex with her. Debbie , goes topless with Cheryl . A self-conscious Lannie follows, as the three talks about sex and boys. Cheryl talks about losing her virginity while babysitting after calling Bill  over. She was nervous about giving oral sex at first, but he made her comfortable. Mark’s mom, Mrs. Radner , shows up with her boyfriend . She’s angry with him for driving too fast but soon gets over it and comes on to him. He’s worried her son’s home but she reassures him Mark is out. They have sex on the fountain as Mark secretly watches. Mrs. Waters and Mr. Kennedy have next to the same pool the girls were. Instead of going outside as planned, Lannie, Jeff, Debbie and Kevin meet for a “picnic” inside the house. Jeff takes Lannie to the kitchen after getting a signal from Kevin. Lannie’s dress gets wet and she teases Jeff then removes her dress. Jeff gets overwhelmed and ejaculates on himself. Debbie teases Kevin before sex. Lannie goes home and masturbates about Jeff. The scene cuts back and forth between Lannie touching herself, and the imagined sexual encounter outside on a picnic table. Mark calls Kevin, then invites Debbie, Kevin's girlfriend, to his home. Debbie shows up, and Mark orders her to undress and then to lie on the bed and close her eyes. He gets Wendy  and Louis . Wendy performs cunnilingus on Debbie until Mark tells her to open her eyes. Mark has sex with Wendy, while Debbie does Louis, until they switch partners. Excited by the encounter, Debbie calls Lannie and tells her she’s ditching Kevin—“a boy”—for “a man” like Mark. Lannie decides she knows what gets herself hot. She hangs up and looks over at her friend Cheryl lying beside her."] ['The film tells the story of Aiko, a 35-year-old mute woman who works in a bowling alley, and her brief romance with Yoshioka, a younger man who works as a postal carrier. The two meet when Aiko accidentally knocks Yoshioka off his bicycle, and they have a sexual encounter soon after. Aiko begins preparing lunchboxes and giving them to Yoshioka at his workplace as a way of expressing affection, which she cannot do verbally. The film ends in tragedy after Yoshioka leaves Aiko.{{cite web}} {{Dead link}}'] ['During a photo shoot, nude model Laura  receives a phone call from her sister Winnifred . Laura learns that her ex-boyfriend, high-powered attorney Nelson Nyland , is dating her aunt Cynthia ; not only that, they are making plans to move in together. While she tells Winnie that\'s she\'s pleased, Laura is emotionally hurt. After hanging up, Laura asks her photographer, Jennine, for a few weeks off. Jennine agrees, commenting that she has some good shots for her editor. Intercut with a montage of Laura and Jannine having sex, Jannine comments that she has "an awful schoolgirl crush" on Laura. Laura is initially put off, but then passionately kisses Jannine. Meanwhile, in Meadow Springs, Nelson visits his law partner, and sister, Judith. Judith invites Nelson out to a romantic dinner, but Nelson explains that he is expected by Cynthia. At Cynthia\'s cabin, Nelson arrives to find Cynthia seductively rubbing herself. Making himself comfortable, Nelson approaches her from behind and cups her breasts. After several minutes of foreplay, they retire to the bedroom. At a cafe, Winnie asks her co-worker Louise  why she pushed Winnie so hard into telling Laura about Cynthia and Nelson. Louise admits that she is a potential novelist, and that she is writing an expose about the town\'s sexual goings-on. The scene then intercuts with both Nelson and Cynthia, and Laura and Jannine having sex.'] ["Claudia  and Victor  are engaged. Her sister Terry  has an affair with Victor as well as Bobby . And Victor also has another girl on the side. But the title's Satan is Ada , Terry's mother and Claudia's stepmother who schemes to scare Claudia out of her inheritance."] ["The documentary explores all the worlds that have touched Quek, presenting the pieces of including her life as a student in Los Angeles California and London, her native Singapore and in the porn industry. It focuses on her reasons for working in porn, and her relationship with friends and family. The documentary reveals to the viewers that she was gang raped as a student living in London and describes her many complex emotional issues, including signs of depression, self-harm,The Flick Filosopher article by Maryann Johanson and substance abuse. The film also includes footage of a painful conversation in Singapore between Annabel and her mother, who until then didn't know about her daughter's porn career."] ["The film deals with the sex life of a young New York woman, Kitty , and her boyfriend Stud . Stud is brutal and oafish but Kitty is enamoured with his sexual performances. They sometimes engage into light sadomasochism, with Stud belt-whipping Kitty. Stud later posts a sign on a bulletin board inviting people to a party. Several people show up at Kitty and Stud's apartment and they all engage into group sex, with Stud servicing all the women."] ['Akiko  is startled to find her estranged husband, Kunisada , in a car watching a young, pre-pubescent girl urinate by the side of a road. When Akiko returns home, the girl, Miko, follows crying that "Uncle" has disappeared. Akiko turns the girl over to the police. Later, while she is giving ikebana lessons at home, the police return to ask Akiko for information about Kunisada. It is revealed that he had disappeared three years ago after being arrested for a sexual crime involving a high school girl. Kunisada follows Akiko to her mother\'s grave, where he kidnaps her, and takes her to an isolated cabin in the countryside. Here he subjects her to numerous degrading sexual tortures and punishments for days on end. When Kunisada leaves the cabin to get Akiko\'s wedding dress from her home, Akiko escapes. Wearing only a sheet and the ropes she has been tied in, she meets two hunters who, instead of helping her, rape her. Kunisada finds her unconscious in the woods, cleans her and dresses her in her traditional Japanese wedding clothes, complete with make-up, and suspends her from pulleys in the cabin and shaves her pubic hair. While fishing, Kunisada comes across an unconscious young couple—Kaoru  and Kiyoshi —that had failed in committing double suicide. He rapes the girl, Kaoru, then takes them to the cabin where he binds them. After giving Kaoru an enema, he has Akiko have sex with Kiyoshi while Kunisada has sex with Kaoru. He continues submitting them to various humiliations in order to destroy their love for each other. After he thinks he has succeeded, he unties them and tells them he has no more use for them, they are free to stay or go. By now Akiko has come to accept Kunisada\'s behavior, and apparently enjoy it. She pushes him even further with commands to, "Whip me harder... abuse me..." After one such session in the woods, Akiko and Kunisada return to the cabin where they find that the young couple has bound themselves together and committed double-suicide through strangulation. Akiko tells Kunisada that they have played the final joke on him. Meanwhile, two police detectives are following Miko, believing that she will lead them to Kunisada. Miko eludes the police, but they find the cabin with the dead young couple still bound together and Akiko naked and tied up. When they attempt to release Akiko she tells them, "Don\'t untie me. I like it this way." The police ask her where Kunisada has gone. Akiko replies that he has escaped, then, laughing, adds, "It\'s funny, but I think he\'s afraid of me." As the end credits roll, Kunisada is walking through the countryside holding Miko\'s hand, and Akiko is still in the cabin, tied up naked and squirming.Synopsis from Ranaletta, Ray. . "Wife to be Sacrificed - Coming to a Theater Near You?" in Asian Cult Cinema, #19 , p.49-50, and Wife to be Sacrificed DVD, released by KimStim Inc., copyright 2001 KS0119DVD.'] ['The film opens with an elegantly attired "woman" with short hair as she finishes dressing for a visitor. As the "lady" completes her boudoir, she lifts her skirts to reveal a thick patch of pubic hair. At this point, an intertitle reveals that the screenwriter is "Oscar Wild" . The "lady" goes into the drawing room and offers her well-attired gentleman caller  a drink. He refuses it, and she drinks the cocktail. They talk briefly, and then engage in passionate kissing. Whenever the gentleman caller puts his hands on the "lady\'s" breasts or genitals, "she" pushes his hand away. Finally, she slaps him coyly. The "lady" then apologizes for her aggressiveness by fellating her partner. The "lady" then lies face-down on the sofa with her buttocks in the air. It is revealed that she has no underwear on. The gentleman caller then copulates the "lady" anally . After a minute or so, the gentleman withdraws and sits back on the sofa. The "lady" gyrates her buttocks in the air. This induces him to mount her anally again. Both individuals reach orgasm, and the gentleman caller walks off-camera. The "lady" stands and raises her skirts to reveal that "she" is really a he. The film\'s second and final intertitle announces "Surprise." His penis is exposed. The man in drag then dances about briefly, making sure that his penis bobs up and down in the air. The gentleman caller re-enters the camera\'s view, and helps the other man remove his skirt and most of his other clothing. The gentleman caller  dances briefly with the nude young man. After a jump cut, the "lady"—now dressed completely in business attire—walks back on screen, winks at the audience, and walks off screen.'] ['It tells the story of a young woman, Constance , who arrives at the mansion of the experienced Lola , where she is initiated into the mysteries of sexuality. The story is told in flashback via a framing device with lyrical diary excerpts and narration read by mainstream actresses Christiane Bjørg Nielsen and Hella Joof (in the English-language version [[Susan Olsen .'] ['The boss of a car shop  is in dire need of a good mechanic to fix a broken down car. The shop is completely run by men, but a female mechanic named Billie  decides to apply after seeing a "help wanted" sign. The boss gives her a shot if she can fix broken down vehicle that all the other mechanics haven\'t been able to fix. If accomplished she\'s hired, but if she doesn\'t, she must leave the premises and go out on a date with him. To the dismay of the men, she agrees to the challenge, as she is looking for a job. She gets the car started and stuns everyone with her skills and is immediately hired. All the mechanics make it difficult for her, especially one of the men , play practical jokes and pranks to get her to leave. Cameron and Billie do not like each other, but there is strong tension between them. After catching each other watching the boss and his girlfriend ([[Lola  engaging in sex inside the office, they become friendly with one another. The next time the guys start trouble with Billie, Cameron jumps in to defend her and tell all of them to leave her alone. The film ends with Cameron and Billie falling in love and embracing each other with a kiss. The film stars Blake Riley, Cameron Marshall, Wolf Hudson, Johnny Hazzard, Shy Love, Lola, Lee Stephens, Krystal Kali, Britney Amber, Cody Springs and Ryan Alexander.'] ['This erotic comedy follows the life of Haruo Maekawa, a young man who makes a living catching squid. Haruo is obsessed with catching a legendary giant squid rumored to live in Tokyo Bay. Haruo\'s uncle Takashi, fallen on hard times, comes to stay with his nephew until he can get back on his feet. Uncle Takashi is addicted to energy drinks, and seduces any woman in sight, including Haruo\'s girlfriend Rika. After making a sexual conquest, Uncle Takashi "marks his territory" by writing his name in red on the back of the woman. He takes a job as a pizza delivery man, but this job ends when he gets in an accident. While praying at a Shintō shrine, Uncle Takashi is bitten in the scrotum by a poisonous snake and dies. The uncle is destined to spend the afterlife in Hell unless his nephew and girlfriend can rescue him from the King of Hell.'] ["Yukie is a young woman who works at her father's flower shop. She uses her job to hide from her problems including a marriage troubled by her sexual frigidity. Her husband and her best friend engage in an affair, and Yukie goes to her father for advice on how to save her marriage.Weisser, p. 58.{{Amg movie}}"] ['A Free Rides opening intertitle denotes the film\'s setting as "in the wide open spaces, where men are men and girls will be girls, the hills are full of romance and adventure." The film shows two women walking together alongside a road near their home. A wealthy male motorist in a right-hand-drive 1912 Haynes 50-60 Model Y Touring Carhttp://www.earlyamericanautomobiles.com/1914.htmarrives and offers them a lift. After some hesitation, the women accept his offer and sit beside the beside him in the front seat. The man then kisses and fondles them. Later, as he urinates behind a tree, the women voyeuristically watch him. When he is about to finish, the women quickly return to the car. After his return, the women urinate behind the tree while the man secretly watches them and becomes sexually aroused. The women return to the car and the man offers them a drink. Afterwards, the man and one woman walk into the woods together and masturbate each other while standing. The other woman, left at the car, becomes curious and follows them into the woods. Upon seeing them, she becomes sexually aroused and stimulates herself. Meanwhile, the man and the previous woman have sex in the missionary position. Soon after, the other woman joins them and the man has sex with her doggy style. Later, they have a threesome, and one of the women subsequently gives the man fellatio. After finishing the sexual acts, they return to the car.'] ["Margaretis a divorced woman seeking sexual pleasure in this mysterious erotic tale. A mysterious wrong number leads Margaret on a journey that takes her to the edge of sexual desire and obsession. However, things aren't going quite according to plan when she is taken hostage by her mysterious new lover Blaze  and held against her will in an abandoned, furnished warehouse. But is she really a hostage? After a few days she realises that the door to the warehouse has never actually been locked, and in fact, she has always been free to go. During her incarceration she's involved in sexual acts, including having sex with a man whose face she never sees and watching her new man make love to another woman. Eventually she leaves but after time, returns to find tapes of previous sexploits with evidence of who her lover really is. After tracing him to his home with wife and kids, Blaze soon finds the tables have been turned. As Magaret plots her revenge, the twists and turns that ensue weave into a shocking conclusion. Never underestimate a cornered woman."] ['It is the last day on the job for hospital volunteer Sharon . When the volunteers assemble at the start of the day, head volunteer Sarge  notices that Sharon is absent. Sarge finds Sharon performing oral sex with a doctor and takes her back to work. As the volunteers go about their duties, they have various sexual encounters with the patients and staff. At the end of the day, staff and patients hold a party for the departing Sharon. Sarge walks in. When Sharon confronts Sarge and calls her a "prude," Sarge reacts by pulling up her dress and forcing Sharon to pleasure her. The party promptly becomes a sex orgy.'] ['While travelling through Texas  five friends become lost, with their van running low on gas. When one of the group, Christine, goes out to urinate, two of the others pass the time waiting for her to come back by having sex in the back of the vehicle. Shortly after Christine returns, the quintet pick up a hitchhiker in the hope that he can give them directions, but once inside the van the man attacks them with a knife, stabbing two members of the group to death while the others flee and become separated. Vanessa reaches a farmhouse, but while searching for aid she is captured by Leatherface, who ties her to a chair, and gags her. Vanessa\'s boyfriend and Christine reach the same farmhouse moments later, and are allowed in by the inhabitants, a pair of deranged sisters, one of whom lures Vanessa\'s boyfriend into another room. While those two have sex, Christine has a threesome with the remaining sister, Daisy, and the woman\'s mute brother, Robbie, believing it to be the only way the siblings will offer them any aid. When Vanessa\'s boyfriend climaxes, the sister hacks one of his arms off with a hatchet, gnaws on the severed limb, and taunts him as he dies. As that occurs, Christine passes out on the family\'s couch, being awakened hours later by Leatherface, who drags her outside. Christine is pummeled and "raped to death" with a gasoline-powered vibrator by Leatherface, who afterward licks the blood off the weapon with Daisy. The next day, a sister forces Vanessa to watch as she has sex with Robbie. When the two finish, they and their siblings  and grandfather eat a butchered body in front of Vanessa, occasionally pelting her with viscera. As his family eats, Leatherface takes Vanessa away, intending to kill her with the vibrator weapon, but he is caught off guard when Vanessa begins flirting with him. Vanessa has sex with Leatherface, distracting him and allowing her to grab a knife, stab him in the leg, and escape. An unknown amount of time later, the battered Vanessa awakens in a hospital room, where she is interviewed by Detective Mike Roe. As the interview progresses, the detective\'s questions become disturbing, and he takes nude pictures of Vanessa for "evidentiary purposes" before she falls unconscious. Vanessa wakes up later, being duct taped to the bed by Daisy, who is dressed like a nurse. Detective Roe appears and reveals he is the patriarch of the cannibal family, and that Vanessa never escaped them; the hospital room is one of their properties. Roe pulls a sheet over Vanessa\'s head, and he and Daisy beat her to death with a wrench.'] ['Tsumugi, a girl with a crush on her teacher, discovers that the teacher is having an affair with another teacher. Complications ensue after Tsumugi manages to attract her teacher, but then begins falling for a fellow student.{{cite web}}'] ['"Zazel" is the title character, a world-famous artist commissioned to create "the most arousing perfume ever". In the course of devising this scent, Zazel variously paints pictures, views photographs, and wanders among the flowers of her garden, each experience inspiring her to envision a powerful sexual fantasy. The film consists of nearly a dozen individually themed sequences which reference and recreate iconography drawn from mythology, religion, literature, film and even Jungian psychology. These include sirens, water nymphs, mermaids, flowers, the jungle, The Three Musketeers, classic old Hollywood movies, angels and demons, and the Jungian duality of male and female. Each sequence features an imaginative and novel treatment of sexual activity based on these themes, as well as several visual/anatomical puns achieved through the strategic use of body paint, fetishistic costumes and accessories, and trompe l\'oeil camera placement and editing trickery. It is notable that Sasha Vinni, who plays Zazel and also narrates the film, never has heterosexual intercourse in any of her scenes: she simply masturbates and engages in lesbian activities with the other female performers.   In the opening sequence, Sasha Vinni emerges from a pond as the "Blue Siren", her nude body is painted bright blue and multiple arms appear and gesticulate behind her like the Avatar of the Hindu god Vishnu. She then performs cunnilingus on the "Water Nymph" .  Sasha Vinni as Zazel sits at her desk and airbrushes an image of a flower. A visual pun is created as the petals start to move and contract and reveal themselves as artfully painted labial folds.  Sasha Vinni appears as an assistant to a male lover/tattoo artist played by Devin Deray. Sasha Vinni shaves Lene Hefner\'s crotch with a spa razor, rinses it with an urn full of water. The tattoo artist then designs a colorful flower pattern on Hefner\'s vulva. The trio then engage in sex.   In the "Jungle" sequence, Sasha Vinni\'s nude body is artfully painted with tiger stripes as she writhes and crawls through tropical vegetation.  The scene ends with a close-up shot of a woman  with a tiger\'s face painted on her buttocks. The woman rides a man\'s penis, creating the illusion that the tiger\'s face is "fellating" him.  This is sequence is yet another variation on the flower motif as Sasha Vinni is shown penetrating herself with flower-shaped objects and masturbating.   In the "Three Musketeers" sequence, Sasha Vinni, Brooke Lane and Anna Romero appear in 17th-century-style period costume based on the characters of the Dumas novel. They strip, kiss, perform cunnilingus on one another, and masturbate by penetrating themselves with rubber dildoes which they have outfitted on the back of their riding boots like spurs.   The "Angels" sequence is filmed in bright, diffuse light and features three women  as "Female Angels", each with elaborately knotted hair and coated in pale, peach-colored body paint. These three female angels perform various sexual acts with a similarly painted man outfitted with giant angel\'s wings —the "Winged Male Angel".   The black-and-white sequence is the only one to feature no lesbian sex at all, and it is also the only part of the film in which Sasha Vinni does not appear. It begins with Gina LaMarca as "the Seductress", wearing ornate white pasties over her breasts with a matching white crotch guard , gyrating on a bed. The fetish accessories are soon removed and she and her male partner  engage in various sexual activities. Cross-cutting from the man\'s final ejaculation on her belly, they are also seen performing a tumbling dive into a swimming pool while holding hands and then resurfacing to embrace and cuddle in the water.   Sasha Vinni performs a sensuous erotic dance with one half of her face and body painted and dressed as a woman in a skirt, and the other half made up as a mustachioed man wearing a suit. Vinni takes turns showing her "female" and then "male" side to the camera while the other half remains hidden in shadow and out of view. The sequence concludes with an outlandish-looking woman—shaven-headed except for a teased-up lemon blonde mohawk  and with spangled clothespins fastened to her nipples—who is seen to be fellating an ornate glass perfume bottle.   In the penultimate sequence in the film, Sasha Vinni and Nikie St. Gilles appear as mermaids outfitted with tail fins. They dispense with the mermaid accessories and engage in lesbian activities. As in the "Blue Siren" sequence, some of the cunnilingus activity is filmed underwater.  The "Diablo d\'Inferno" sequence features Anna Romero as a "She-Devil" in a fetishistic red latex devil\'s costume—outfitted with red latex horns, red latex ballet boots, open-bottomed red latex hot pants, and a long red latex forked devil\'s tail protruding from a red flared dildo attachment that is embedded in her rectum.  During this sequence the lower portion of the screen is filled with digitally superimposed flames for atmospheric effect. The She-Devil sneaks up behind Zazel, who is sitting at a table airbrushing a design of the She-Devil and her costume, and "decapitates" the artist with a scythe. The She-Devil crawls around Zazel\'s freshly "severed" head, now placed upon the table. The She-Devil thrusts her vulva into Zazel\'s face. The scene continues with the She-Devil  having sex with a "Gargoyle"  and a "Demon Man" , which ends with a vaginal/anal double penetration.'] ["Loosely based on a 1926 short story by Jun'ichirō Tanizaki,, the film opens as an artist and a young woman are in a dentist's waiting room. Though he is attracted to the woman, he says nothing to her. They are later in the same examining room. When he is given an anaesthetic, he begins to imagine a series of scenes in which the woman undergoes various forms of sexual abuse, including rape and torture. When the artist recovers from the anaesthetic, he finds clues showing that he may not have been hallucinating.Synopsis based on Weisser, p.102."] ['Young Runa entered a convent after losing her boyfriend to her sister Kumi. Her dream of a tranquil life at the convent is shattered when she is raped by the abbot and introduced to a life of torture and abuse. Leaving the convent she returns to her sister and former boyfriend to exact revenge by snaring them in a bogus financial scheme to promote Christianity in Japan and then departing with their money and a lesbian lover from the convent.'] ["Akemi is a housewife who discovers her husband has been cheating on her. She makes the acquaintance of a prostitute who hopes to become a manga artist. Another hopeful manga artist, Kyoko, also makes ends meet by working as a part-time prostitute. Akemi moves in with Kyoko and tolerating the practise of her profession while the two come to an understanding of each other's lives.{{Amg movie}}"] ['Sadie, the most beautiful yellow lab in the whole wide world, lives an idyllic, pampered life in the suburbs. One day, she comes into heat and has no idea what to do with her new found feelings and urges. When she learns that her loving owners are about to have her spayed, she runs away to the big city where her sexual adventures begin. Among the many characters she meets along the way, she gets seduced by Long Dong Fong , a Shar-pei who rebuffs the male Asian stereotype, Bosco , the big black bad ass Doberman from the other side of the tracks, and Arnold the wiener dog who escorts her to his dark, forbidding dungeon. There’s a sexy girl on girl scene with Fluffy , a Rhodesian ridgeback and the climactic scene with Buster , the labradoodle who fulfills Sadie’s every desire.'] ["In this mockumentary, Vance ([[Michael Venus  and Pepe , two hosts of a renowned reality makeover series, find out their show has been cancelled. Desperate for work, they anxiously devise a plan to use their fame to find new careers in the porn industry. Sensing a train wreck is near, a documentary crew follow the 'famous' reality TV duo as they try to create a porn based on 'Showgirls' and 'Twilight' but find out that making it big in porn is a long and hard process."] ["Innocent female doctor Mineko was seduced by Sachiko, an aggressive lesbian, in her younger days. Mineko begins dating a male coworker, and accepts an invitation to a party at the home of a transvestite patient. Sachiko comes out of Mineko's past, enraged with jealousy, and begins tormenting Mineko and her boyfriend.{{cite book}}"] ['Hisako Ōuchi  is the sexually-frustrated wife of the older art academy Professor Ōuchi . Ōuchi is a repressed conservative who disdains modern art, and expels Kazuo Kobayashi , a student who specializes in SM painting. Hisako becomes obsessed with the expelled student, and has an affair with him. Kazuo and Hisako retire to a cabin in the countryside where they indulge in SM activities.{{cite book}}'] ["In pre-war Japan, Yumiko, an aristocratic lady, accompanied by her maid, travels to Tokyo to visit her brother. Unaware that her brother has become involved in anti-governmental activities and left the city, the two women are captured, raped and tortured by the military police. Two years later, during the war, the government confiscates Yumiko's estate, turning it into a torture chamber for the inquisition of prisoners. Yumiko and her maid are among those who are subjected to sexual indignities.<ref nameWeisser|firstYuko Mihara Weisser|title1998|publisherMiami|isbn 96–97|chapter= CRUELTY: BLACK ROSE TORTURE }}"] ['Hank , a trucker, turns out new hire Joe on a long haul to the West Coast. The men masturbate together while on the road and participate in an all-male orgy at a truckers\' bunkhouse in Los Angeles. The film features several trucking related double-entendres such as "wide load", "heavy load" and "men at work".{{sfn}}'] ['In the mythical European city of Leisure, married couple Jack and Elvira have an ongoing bet regarding who can seduce whom. This comes up in the wake of a swinging night with a couple of tourists picked up via a newspaper ad. Elvira, a self-professed "sexual snob" has bet she can seduce newlywed Betsy, married to handsome marine biologist Eddie. If she fails by a certain midnight, then Jack gets to seduce Eddie. While Jack and Eddie go to work separately, Betsy comes round to visit her new friend Elvira. She\'s very intrigued by Elvira\'s open admission of her swinging lifestyle, including spouse-swapping and drugs. When Mike, the telephone repair man, arrives , Betsy is fascinated and shocked as Elvira seduces him right before her eyes. She also admits that she\'s not really happy, especially after catching Eddie masturbating in the bathroom. But she says Elvira\'s actions are not for her, because at heart she is still a Catholic schoolgirl. Elvira tells a story about Jack, about just before they were married, and how he said he would "climb aboard a porcupine" if he had a mind to. The two couples get together that night, and get slightly high on pot. Pulling out a trunk of costumes, they decide to play dress up. Jack dons a sailor\'s uniform while Betsy wears a very revealing modeling outfit. To Betsy\'s shock/tititalation , Elvira\'s costume is based on a nun\'s wimple, but with nothing underneath. They tease Eddie into putting on a cowboy outfit. As the night progresses, the two wives and two husbands pair off to wander and chat. During the course of their conversations, each of the naive couple admit to dissatisfaction, including a questioning whether they ever should have gotten married. Eddie, it turns out, was Betsy\'s brother\'s best friend. There is a hint that he and Eddie were maybe closer than friends, although Eddie doesn\'t seem to know that Betsy might realize that. Betsy, meanwhile, lets her hair down and is even a little worried something might "happen" between her and Elvira. She also gets giddy at saying the word "fuck" for the first time. Downstairs, Jack, remarks to Eddie that just before he and Elvira were married, she commented, "Jack, I\'d hop in the sack with a porcupine if it struck my fancy." Elvira and Betsy end up in the upstairs bedroom, with Jack and Eddie in the downstairs den. A quick phone call between the swinging couple has them agree that midnight is the deadline for them both. As the late night progresses, both introduce their perspective seductees to amyl nitrite  and when asking for the time, interpret the respective watches as either "slow" or "fast" depending upon their own desires. Both Eddie and Betsy are simultaneously seduced, receiving and giving oral sex. Betsy is even penetrated with a strap-on . Eddie, penetrated by Jack, has a brief hallucination that the person making love to him is Betsy.{{cite book}} In the morning, Jack and Elvira consider the score pretty much even. Betsy and Eddie are confused, each thinking perhaps the other is the "normal" one. Betsy even makes a remark about them both being "porcupines." When Mike suddenly arrives for a visit, just as Jack and Elvira are getting ready to have a ménage à trois with Betsy, Jack invites him, too, boasting that they "play all kinds of games around here". A chance remark brings out the fact Mike and Eddie both enjoy bowling. Somewhat to Jack and Elvira\'s surprise, Mike leaves to play with Eddie and Betsy, who suggests they all get together soon to play "Bingo".'] ['After the original events of Avatar, Jake reveals in a video log that the Na\'bi has a darker side. After sexual flashbacks which show moments in the film which purport to show what actually happened, the film shows what occurs after the human corporation leaves Pandhora. The Na\'bi turn out to be "fetish-fueled sex fiends", who have a massive orgy after the corporation leaves, and then reveal their true purpose for keeping humans in a twist ending.'] ['Set in the Edo Era, the film opens with a group of women being convicted of various crimes. The rest of the film is given to graphic depiction of the tortures the women endure as part of their sentences.'] ['The core plot begins with the kidnapping of Patrick, the son of a wealthy industrialist. Sexual and romantic engtanglements push the drama forward. At the film\'s climax, Gudrun delivers a soliloquy on the importance of personal life in revolution. She puts particular emphasis on the breaking of heterosexual and possessive sexual norms, urging her comrades to join "The Homosexual Intifada". The pressure of Gudrun\'s controlling personality causes the group to break up. Most of the urban guerrillas escape into the night. In the dénouement, the characters are visited some time later. Several have found happiness in the homosexual relationships established during their revolutionary activities. Che has become a terrorist trainer in the Middle East. Patrick escapes with Clyde, where they embark on a spree of bank robberies. This action is reminiscent of Patty Hearst\'s actions with the SLA. Gudrun and Holger settle down and have a child named Ulrike , whom Gudrun believes could embody the next generation of the Red Army Faction.'] ['In the film, Lords is the reigning queen of "good girl gone bad." This is a story of a glamor photographer\'s fixation with a beautiful model named Traci. A French film festival is the setting, where Traci arrives and get the attention of photographers. She gets the special attention of Jean-Paul, who sees her as his favorite nude model. Jean Paul finds Traci to be the very essence of sensuality. She finally agrees to pose for him and they begin a love affair, where he helps her to explore her sexuality through his underworld connections in the Arena of Pleasure. Traci discovers true love and the ultimate sex adventure. First, Traci has sex with a casting agent. She becomes a topless dancer, and Jean-Paul secretly watches in the audience. Off stage, she gets a necklace from Jean-Paul with her name engraved, which makes her remember another sexual encounter. On that night, with an audience watching, she ends up in an orgy with Leanna, Diana, Monique  and a group of strange men dressed in all black. Jean-Paul watches from the audience before joining. Traci\'s presence arouses the audience members who finally get involved. After remembering, Traci takes the necklace to meet Jean-Paul in a car. He puts his gift around her neck, then Traci open her legs to reveal she is not wearing any panties.'] ["In a futuristic society called 'Alpha Blue', sexual needs are fulfilled by a computer. Griffin  is happy with this state of affairs and spends his time with prostitutes, but Algon  longs for the good old days of love and romance. He falls in love with Satisfier 805, Diana ."] ["A parody of The Human Centipede, in 'The Human Sexipede', Dr. Heiter kidnaps two young American girls and an Asian man, all of whom are unable to achieve sexual satisfaction through everyday sexual behaviour. He presents them with the idea of joining them mouth to genitals, so that they are able to continually pleasure each other by way of oral sex and finally achieve sexual satisfaction."] ['Emmanuelle flies to Bangkok to meet her husband Jean, a diplomat, who asks her if she had any other lovers while she was in Paris; she replies that she has not. In Bangkok, Emmanuelle finds herself bored and somewhat disgusted with the worldliness of her fellow French expatriates, until one day at a pool when she spies Bee, a Frenchwoman whom she is informed is outside of most of the expatriate circles. After taking a nude swim, she is approached by a pretty young girl named Marie-Ange, who asks to meet Emmanuelle at her house. Intrigued, Emmanuelle agrees. Marie-Ange arrives at the house and finds Emmanuelle sleeping, and takes advantage of the situation to feel the older woman\'s body. Emmanuelle wakes up and they go outside to the porch. Marie-Ange asks Emmanuelle if she has any photos of herself and Jean having sex, to which an incredulous Emmanuelle replies no. Marie-Ange takes a French magazine with a picture of Paul Newman and begins to masturbate in front of Emmanuelle, who watches, fascinated. Emmanuelle confesses to Marie-Ange that while she did not cheat on her husband in Paris, she did have sex with two strangers on the flight over to Bangkok. Emmanuelle begins to pleasure herself for Marie-Ange as she recounts the tryst. That night, Emmanuelle tells Jean about Marie-Ange, expressing her amazement at the younger girl\'s seemingly complete lack of shame, and Jean encourages her to pursue the friendship further. During a squash match the next day, Emmanuelle\'s friend Ariane comments on her being damp from sweat, and begins to feel her up. At a party soon afterwards, Marie-Ange introduces Emmanuelle to one of her older lovers, a gentleman named Mario, who tells her that he will send a car for her the next night, but Emmanuelle is unimpressed. She spies Bee and strikes up a conversation, wishing to meet with Bee in more private quarters. Bee, an archaeologist, tells Emmanuelle that she is leaving the next day for a dig, but tells her to meet her at the klongs. When they meet up at the klongs, Emmanuelle follows Bee around, but Bee is uninterested in playing with Emmanuelle. Undeterred, Emmanuelle gets on Bee\'s jeep as she is about to leave for the dig site. Back at the house, Jean is angered that Emmanuelle has left without telling him anything. Suspecting that Ariane is behind it, he goes and demands answers from her, but Ariane tells him that all she has to offer is consolation sex. An enraged Jean takes her on a table. At first, Emmanuelle\'s affair with Bee is on rocky footing; they stop to go skinny-dipping on the way to the dig site, but when Emmanuelle tries to relax next to Bee while they dry off, she brushes her off, saying that they\'ve already lost time. After reaching the dig site, Bee starts to warm up to her new companion, but throughout the day, Emmanuelle distracts her from her work. They finally make love, but afterwards, Bee asks Emmanuelle to leave. Emmanuelle returns home in tears, feeling humiliated. Jean tries to comfort her, advising her that the best way to get over Bee is to take another lover. At the squash courts the following day, Emmanuelle and Ariane argue. Ariane is jealous that Emmanuelle ran off with Bee, as she herself had hoped to be Emmanuelle\'s first female lover, while Emmanuelle is displeased at Ariane for having sex with Jean. Ariane protests that it was more like rape than consensual sex, then advises Emmanuelle to meet with Mario, telling her that at his age, making love becomes so difficult that any man capable of it must be an artist. Later, Emmanuelle consults with Jean, who has decided to encourage the relationship between her and Mario by leaving her with him for two days. She expresses a desire to take Marie-Ange as her new lover instead, but Jean informs her that Marie-Ange has gone off on a trip with her parents - a fact that he knows because he has slept with her - and so Emmanuelle resigns herself to a meeting with Mario. At their first dinner together, Mario tells Emmanuelle that monogamy will soon die out. He tells her that she must learn to let lust, rather than guilt or reason, guide her when it comes to sex. This, he says, will lead her to greater levels of pleasure than she ever imagined possible. To begin instilling this lesson in her, he takes her to an opium den, where she is raped by one of the denizens while he watches. Later, Mario takes Emmanuelle to a makeshift boxing ring, where he talks two young men into fighting each other for the right to have sex with her. At Mario\'s insistence, Emmanuelle chooses one of the men as her favorite, then watches as they fight. Her chosen champion prevails, and she is so aroused by his willingness to fight for her that she licks the blood from a wound on his forehead and then allows him to take her from behind. She soon climaxes and drops to the floor with exhaustion. Sometime later, Emmanuelle is awakened by Mario, who takes her into another room. She is told to undress, so that she can change into a dress with a zipper down the back, allowing Mario to strip her naked in an instant. This, she understands, is in preparation for her next sexual encounter. Emmanuelle protests that she is tired, and asks Mario if he himself will ever have sex with her, to which Mario replies that he is waiting for the "next Emmanuelle"  As the movie ends, Emmanuelle sits at a mirror and begins applying makeup, hoping that by following Mario\'s instructions, she will reach the higher levels of pleasure that he has promised.'] ["A young man breaks into a nurses' rooming house and one-by-one kills off the nurses therein. In the tradition of Wakamatsu's other Pinku eiga, there is lots of sexuality and nudity. However most of the actual murders take place off screen."] ["When Mitsuko's husband dies leaving her with a large debt, she becomes the sexual slave of his largest creditor, Kitō. Kitō's son Kazuhiko, who is expected to marry the daughter of a wealthy businessman, falls in love with Mitsuko. To escape the situation, Mitsuko drowns herself in the lake near her husband's country villa.Buchanan, Jason. Slave Widow. Allmovie. Retrieved on May 30, 2008."] ['The movie opens on the lab of mad scientist Dr. VonFockingcock, testing his new invention, The Ultimate Orgasmarator, via a sex romp with his twink assistant. An aircraft attacks the lab, and the scientist and his creation are captured. In futuristic yet gothic Eros City, the local superhero Stonewall and his young sidekick Riot are introduced while chasing down and catching the villain Doctor Cocktopus. Afterward, the city\'s police chief informs the pair of the attack on VonFockingcock, and they determine to find the culprit, and foil what they reason must be a grand plan to wreak havoc on the city with the scientist\'s invention. Riot suspects master criminal Polecat, who\'s recently been released from prison on a legal technicality, and they raid his gay strip joint, the Kit Kat Club. The ensuing battle and sex scene with the flamboyant villain reveals that Polecat is guilty... of a completely different robbery, and knows nothing of VonFockingcock and his Orgasmarator. Stonewall then suggests local rogues gallery The Masters of Doom, and he and Riot depart for the Masters\' headquarters. There, the team (Snake Johnson, Dr. Probe, The Flame, [[bondage  are brainstorming plans for "the total sexual domination of Eros City" when the heroes crash in an orgy breaks out. The experience is enjoyable for all, but again the duo have the wrong guys. They return to their base, and after a flashback details Stonewall\'s origin story, the pair split up and a montage sequence follows, detailing their investigations of and romps with Webmaster, Chicken Hawk, Polar Bear, and Size Queen ... exhausting all of the remaining suspects, except for the insane crime boss French Tickler. Attacking his base, they find that the Tickler is holding VonFockingcock, and planning to use the Orgazmarator to cure his sexual dysfunction and plunge the city into climax and chaos. Stonewall brings the villain to his knees, while Riot engages the henchmen, and the doctor is rescued and the plot foiled. The film ends when Stonewall and Riot flys to the reporting citing of Cockmander and Arse Lick. After the credits, the talking dildo attempts to call his mother although he doesn\'t have any hands.'] ["Purportedly based on lead actress Rinako Hirasawa's experiences, the film tells the story of a secretary who is led to the world of BDSM by her boss.{{cite web}} {{Dead link}}"] ['Paul Martin  is a paranoid novelist who rents out a secluded cottage in the British countryside in order to complete his new book, a pretentious sex romp. He has split with his girlfriend Suzanne  and is having problems writing his book. To do the typing for him, he employs a secretary, Linda Hindstatt , whom he meets at the railway station. A couple of youths at the railway station intimidate Linda, prompting Paul to give them a battering. Afterwards, Linda takes a walk in a field where she is raped by the youths. As a result, she shoots them both dead. Meanwhile, Paul keeps having nightmares and all his advances on Linda are rejected. He gets Suzanne to come back and she begins having sex with Linda. Paul then crashes into a river, while Suzanne is murdered in the bathtub and everything erupts into a pandemonium of violence.'] ['Reynolds plays a down and out sports promoter living in a trailer in Malibu, California, who turns his luck around after he has the brainstorm of starting up a beach volleyball team composed of strippers.http://whydoesitexist.com/2012/02/16/cloud-9-2006/'] ['In 1763, Captain Edward Reynolds is hunting pirates, or at least trying to do so. He does not consider himself a great commander, and neither does most of his crew. Only his first officer Jules believes in him. When they save a young woman named Isabella from drowning, she tells them that her husband\'s ship has been destroyed by the feared Captain Victor Stagnetti and his crew of cutthroat pirates. Reynolds and his crew go hunting for Stagnetti, who tries to find a map that leads to a powerful secret on an island somewhere in the Caribbean Sea. Stagnetti finds the secret "staff" unlocked by Isabella\'s husband Manuel. After the crew escapes the spawn of darkness summoned by Stagnetti, their ship engages Stagnetti\'s in battle, ending Stagnetti\'s reign as a pirate. The New York Times described the film as "a relatively high-budget story of a group of ragtag sailors who go searching for a crew of evil pirates who have a plan for world domination. Also, many of the characters in the movie have sex with one another."{{cite news}}'] ['Last Summer on the Italian Riviera. Love and lust set the hotel afire: the bellboys get busy, Dario falls in love with Erik, his father struggles with his own sexuality, his best friend wastes no opportunity.'] ["Katja Kean stars as a photo journalist, Mila, who breaks into a men's penitentiary to get an interview with the mysterious warden and thus win a bet with her publisher. Encounters with various inmates and staff members, including the helpful Prison Chef , lead her gradually closer to her goal, but all is not what it seems."] ["As his investments in the stock market fail, a man finds himself in serious debt to a lecherous loan-shark named Uchiyama. The man's wife hires herself to Uchiyama to buy time for the husband to pay off the debt. After Uchiyama uses the wife to provide companionship for his mentally-impaired son, she is hit by a car, and her husband falls into despair and illness. Their daughter works as a nightclub dancer, intending to save the money to help with the debt. After her father's suicide, the girl decides to get revenge."] ['Two chemistry students, Paulo and Norberto are ridiculed by their classmates, as it is rumored that they are impotent. They work together to develop a formula that turns them into crazed sex maniacs, and begin kidnapping women on the streets and raping them. The series of sex crimes soon leads to a police chase, and the two men discover that they are in love with each other.'] ["The opening scenes of The Virgin with the Hot Pants are animation. The first animation shows a cartoon penis and two testes pursuing a cartoon woman inside a room. After a while, as she is hanging from a chandelier, the penis penetrates her vagina. In the next animation, a cartoon mouse is shown putting its very large penis into the vagina of a cartoon cat. From this point, the film shows live action. Various sequences are shown depicting naked women engaged in a variety of acts such as dancing, kissing, and masturbating with a dildo, a male hand spreading out a woman's labia, a woman showing her vulva, a scene of cunnilingus, and a scene of insertion of a beer bottle inside a woman's vagina.<ref name70.}} In the last sequence, a man and a woman are shown stripping. The woman sits over the penis of the seated man and they have sex.<ref name70.}}<ref name71.}}"] ["Sylvia  is involved in a tormented love affair with Marc. She has tried to end their love, and escape, but always ends up back with him. After an encounter at a Los Angeles party, she decides she's had enough - she will go to Brazil and get extensive plastic surgery. This way he will never recognize her again, much less find her, and it will make for a great article which she promises to hand in to a California newspaper. Sylvia goes through with it, and becomes a new woman named Emmanuelle ; she is now a twenty year old virgin. She plans to take on all of Brazil in a series of sexual escapades that will purge her past."] ["Bruce Wayne’s girlfriend, Lisa Carson , is kidnapped by the Riddler . She has sex with him in an attempt to curry his favour, but he still ultimately delivers her to the Joker . Batman and Robin  are called in by the police to help in the rescue. Batman investigates a nightclub fronting the villains' lair, but is drugged and abducted by Molly , one of Joker's accomplices, who proceeds to have sex with him. Batgirl  learns of the situation and joins Robin, who is waiting for Batman to return from the club. Batgirl and Robin sneak into the villains’ lair, whereupon they find Joker having sex with his two accomplices. Aroused, Batgirl and Robin have sex, which distracts them and allows them to be discovered and captured by Catwoman's  henchmen. The four captives – Lisa, Batman, Robin and Batgirl – are brought before the villainous trio of Joker, the Riddler and Catwoman. Joker intends to kill them but Catwoman, unwilling to kill Batman, for whom she secretly harbours feelings, frees the captured heroes. The heroes battle and defeat the collected rogues. Grateful to Catwoman for her role in their victory, Batman and Robin have sex with her. However, upon discovering that she would still have to be brought to justice for her crimes, Catwoman escapes, activating a trap that imprisons Batman and Robin, ending the film on a cliffhanger."] ['Demetrius and Octavius are Roman countrymen sold into slavery for not paying their taxes during Emperor Caligula\'s reign. Demetrius is purchased by the Emperor and taught to be a "good slave" by Argus while Octavius is claimed by a sadistic commander. The commander wants the bound Demetrius but is refused. Octavius sneaks in while the guards are asleep and frees Demetrius.'] ['After opening with newspaper articles, footage and quotes relating to the Vietnam War and the psychological condition of the American soldiers who have returned from it, the authorities are shown investigating a crime scene in which a man was shot in the head. Going back an unspecified amount of time, the man is revealed to be a gas station attendant, and is shown coercing a female customer into giving out her name and address by claiming they are needed for a credit card transaction. After the woman drives away, the attendant goes to her apartment building and watches through a window as she has sex with her husband. When the husband leaves, the attendant breaks into the apartment and forces the woman to perform oral sex on him while he verbally abuses her, slitting her throat after he climaxes. Back at the gas station, the attendant gives a lost motorist directions, and follows her to the address she was looking for. The man breaks into the house, drags the woman out of the shower, and forces her to fellate him at gunpoint. He then sodomizes her, stabs her, and kisses her as she dies. Later, a ditzy female hippie picks up an equally vapid hitchhiker, and the two travel to the gas station. The attendant tricks the driver into giving out her address, and goes to her home, where she and her companion are doing drugs and having sex. The attendant sneaks in and tries to force the girls to submit to him, but the pair are too intoxicated to take him seriously, frustrating him to the point of a psychotic break. As he screams "Stay away from me!" and has a series of flashbacks to both the war and rapes and murders he has committed, the attendant shoots himself in the head. Returning to the intro, the man\'s body is covered by a sheet, and hauled away by the police.'] ['A traveling salessman meets a beautiful young girl  by a motel swimming pool and picks her up. They go to his room for drinks and a good time. They have sexual intercourse, including cunnilingus, but when he wants her to perform fellatio she refuses. When the salesman attempts to force her to perform the sex act against her will, she fights back.{{cite web}} He jumps off the bed and sulks. She gets off the bed to comfort him, then calls a girlfriend and ask her to come over and join them. The other young woman arrives at the motel room and accommodates the man in the manner he requested. When he positions the girlfriend in the 69 position to perform cunnilingus on her while she continues to fellate him, his original lover joins them and straddles his face. She then performs sexual intercourse by riding him topside.'] ['The film opens in Serra Paylin\'s living room, when two Russian soldiers knock on the door seeking a tow-truck to lend assistance with their smoldering tank.Krypton, 2008, p. 2-3. The second scene, referring back to the first, opens with a newspaper headline exclaiming "Paylin endorses Russian penetration!" Orally praises Paylin\'s recent work in foreign relations, and criticizes what he characterizes as the "hypocritical left."Krypton, 2008, p. 4. The intern attempts to teach Serra how to correctly pronounce the word "absolutely," which Serra comedically renders as "You betcha."Krypton, 2008, p. 5. After Paylin leaves, the intern declares "What a fucking air head."Krypton, 2008, p. 6. The scene ends with an anal sex encounter between Mr. Paylin and the intern.}}  The fourth scene opens in Serra\'s bedroom, showing her falling into a fitful sleep, and segues into a dream sequence. The scene finishes with the encounter, returning to a Paylin continuing to toss and turn in her sleep.Krypton, 2008, p. 9-10. Young Serra listens and actively participates in a classroom discussion which focuses on topics in pseudo-science.Krypton, 2008, p. 10. After class, Young Serra asks the professor if he knows of any rituals to protect her from witchcraft.Krypton, 2008, p. 11. The sixth and final scene opens with a Bill Orally monologue delivered from the Faux News Studio.Krypton, 2008, p. 11-12. During a rambling monologue Paylin avoids answering the adultery question.Krypton, 2008, p. 14. The film closes with a lesbian ménage à trois featuring Serra, Hilly, and Condi.'] ["When the boss of a yakuza clan in 1920s Osaka is assassinated, Oryu, his mistress, vows revenge. Her search for the killer takes her out of the city. The old boss' son proves a poor leader, only interested in Omitsu, his high-class girlfriend. Yajima, the second-in-command, is taking advantage of the situation to accumulate power for himself. Oryu is called back to help stabilize the situation. Yajima kidnaps both Oryu and Omitsu, and subjects them to torture and various forms of sexual humiliations. During the S&M sessions, Oryu learns that Yajima was the killer of the old boss.<ref nameWeisser|firstYuko Mihara Weisser|title1998|publisherMiami|isbn304–305}}"] ['. Three men make a wager on which one will have sex with more women in a period of 24 hours. They hire an obese and flamboyant gay man to be the judge and keep tally. They get 7 "ugly" women for the challenge. One man comments to another that "these women look like something from a Coffin Joe movie". The men gather them at a beach house and the competition begins. One man decides to quit the competition and return home to his wife , whom he finds having sexual intercourse with "Jack", their German Shepherd dog, in Brazil\'s first scene of cinematic zoophilia.Her husband takes revenge by leaving her to romance a talking male horse, whom the man persuades to penetrate him in the rear-end. Most sexual events are narrated and critiqued by a caged parrot. When the 24 hour period expires, the judge counts the scores of the remaining two men and the score is tied. They are encouraged until the judge announces the tie-breaker would involve the men performing acts on the judge. The duo flees the beach house pursued by the eager judge as the end screen appears.'] ['The "Hotel" in the title is a reference to a prostitutes who come to one\'s hotel room-- an illegal practise.{{cite book}}'] ["The lives of a group of punk-like characters, and their growing maturity, or lack thereof, is explored in a storyline shifting between 1981 and 1989.Sharp. Behind the Pink Curtain, p. 288. In contrast to Zeze's usual somber style, and like the later Tokyo X Erotica, Anarchy in Japansuke is one of the director's lighter films.{{cite web}}"] ["A gigolo is paid by a rich older woman to seduce young girls while she and friends watch his love-making behind a two-way mirror. He tries to break free of the older woman's control, but when his sick mother needs an operation, he returns to the rich woman, making love to her for money. Humiliated by his dependency, he takes the woman's daughter to the love-show, where he rapes her in front of her mother.{{AMG}}"] ['A diverse group of people, all with troubles in their daily lives, meet online and decide to commit suicide together. Isolated from society at large, they form a physical bond as the appointed time approaches.<ref nameJasper |lasthttp://www.midnighteye.com/reviews/round-up_006.shtml#obscene-internet-group|title2009-05-26|publisher http://web.archive.org/web/20090510111152/http://www.midnighteye.com/reviews/round-up_006.shtml| archivedate no}}'] ['The event begins with a few interviews with some of the participants. Annabel Chong arrives later and is greeted by event director. Bone briefs Chong on the format and then gives a briefing to the rest of the participants. The footage cuts to an interview Chong gives to the press. Ron Jeremy  introduces the fluff girls and commences the gang bang. Chong, changed into a gown, emerges from a side entrance and climbs onto the stage. The stage, built to look like a Roman playground, has a bed in the middle; the setting was intended to allude to the orgy of Roman empress Messalina.'] ['Poppo, a teenage girl, is raped by four boys on the roof of a seven-story apartment building. She asks them to kill her, but they mock her and leave. Tsukio, a teenage boy, has been watching the rape passively. Over the next couple days, Poppo and Tsukio begin a relationship, telling each other of their troubled past and philosophizing about their fate. Poppo describes earlier rapes, which are shown in flashback. In a color flashback, Tsukio tells of his own recent sexual abuse at the hands his parents and another couple, all of whom he has stabbed to death. Poppo repeatedly asks Tsukio to kill her, but he refuses. When the gang returns and again rapes Poppo, Tsukio kills each of them and their three girlfriends. While he is doing this, Poppo follows him complaining that he refuses her request, yet is killing the gang. The story ends with Poppo and Tsukio both jumping off the apartment roof to their deaths.Synopsis based on {{cite book}}, {{cite web}}'] ['Hank  and Gene  are fired from their trucker jobs after an alcohol-fueled brawl. The two search for opportunities in the blue-collar workforce, but are often distracted by other men along the way.'] ['The film is set in or about the year 2030. The multinational Genom Corporation is developing a product called the "I.K.U. Chip", which is plugged into a portable device allowing consumers to download and experience orgasms from the I.K.U. server without need of physical contact. The corporation sends their cybernetic shapeshifter Reiko, known as an I.K.U. Coder or replicant, to collect orgasm-related information catering to various sexual orientations. To collect the data Reiko transforms into an appearance pleasing to an individual or couple, engages the target in sexual relations and transforms her right hand and forearm into a penis which is inserted into the recipient\'s vagina or anus during climax. Reiko is directed on her missions by Genom employee Dizzy, known as an I.K.U. Runner. She has sex with various people such as a salaryman and a stripper, a young couple, a drug dealer and a hustler named Akira and a former museum curator–cum-hobo. She meets and is helped along the way by a retired I.K.U. Coder named Mash. Reiko is lured to a night club and seduced by Tokyo Rose, an agent of the rival Bio Link Corporation, who shuts her down with a computer virus and steals her data. Mash recovers Reiko and teaches her how to reboot herself through masturbation. Reiko manages to obtain enough data to complete her mission by having sex with Akira the Hustler, a sushi shop patron and Mash. Dizzy then extracts the data with a retrieval device called a Dildo Gun. Afterward, Reiko is retired and shut down. The Genom Corporation begins selling I.K.U. Chips in vending machines everywhere. Reiko reboots herself.{{cite video}}'] ['Traci Lords arrives at Tokyo to explore Japanese eroticism. She is guided by the co-director of the film. She is first introduced to an allegedly virgin young Japanese man named Toshi Tokeshi with whom she has sex. Then, Kyōko Aizome  is presented. During the chat with Lords, Aizome asks her questions that express her admiration. A lesbian scene between the two  follows. Lords is introduced to two Japanese girls, two Japanese men, a German man. Lords has sex with Akira Tanaka in the bathroom, while others have sex in the living room. Sex scenes with and without Lords follow. At the end, Lords is asked which one of the men she liked most and she gives the name of Tokeshi "for his innocence". Toshi is called in and the film ends with the two kissing in a hot tub.'] ["Women... Oh, Women! is a sex-documentary focusing on the women of Japan, with particular emphasis on participants in the country's night-life. The film is a series of scenes visiting a variety of women such as female wrestlers, strippers, and geisha. Nuns and sea divers are also shown, along with scenes of transvestism and drug addiction.Synopsis based on {{cite book}}"] 