["Rafael, a young man from the provinces, works as a waiter in a resort and helps himself economically having sex for money with rich older women. During a bomb threat, he is discovered in bed with one of the guest, Leonor Marchioness of Montenegro, and he is fired as a consequence. The Marchioness of Montenegro is an aging aristocrat, ruined economically, but still with wealthy and influential friends. She helps Rafael finds a new job in Madrid as the gardener in the mansion of Antonio Fernández Herrador, Minister of economy in the new democratic Spanish government. Rafael quickly adapts in his job as a gardener and befriends Chema, the son of Angelina the mansion’s housekeeper. Chema explains to Rafael that Martha, the minister’s secretary, is the most powerful person in the household. Rafael is brought to the notice of his employers when he suffers a mild injury during a botched attempt to the life of the minister. Immersed in his political career, the minister neglects his beautiful young wife, Teresa. Their marriage is going through a rough patch. Teresa, sexually frustrated with her husband’s impotence, begins to pay attention to the attractive young gardener. Martha, a lesbian who actually lust after Teresa, has sex with Manuel before the young man becomes Teresa’s lover under the watchful eyes of both Martha and the Marchioness of Montenegro. The Marchioness, who truly cares about Rafael, wants to take advantage of the situation. She offers her help to the lovers and her house becomes the retreat for Teresa and Rafael's intimate encounters. Soon after, the Marchioness presses the Minister Fernández Herrador to help her obtain a large bank loan necessary to save her from total economic ruin. The situation become murkier when a leftist terrorist group contact Rafael. They need the gardener’s help in order to know the whereabouts of the Minister since they are planning his kidnapping. Rafael does not want to get involve and, afraid, tries to escape to his hometown, but the terrorist threaten him. Desperate, Rafael tells the situation to the Marchioness who offers her help since she still has powerful friends in the security forces loyal to the old regime. However, before she can do something, the terrorist, who have been following Rafael’s every move, kill the Marchioness. Her assassination is considered political motivated since she was a well-known activist in right wing causes. Teresa becomes pregnant by her lover and wants to have the baby. She gives the news to Rafael who tells her about the terrorist and his certainty that they killed the Marchioness. Rafael and Teresa talk about it with Martha, who advised them to confess all to the Minister. The minister is outrage. He would like his wife to have an abortion, but she is determined to have the child. Confronted with his wife threats of divorce, the minister reluctantly accepts the situation since otherwise a scandal would ruin his political ambitions. The minister confines these problems to Lara, a member the security forces. Lara assigns the investigation of the terrorist kidnapping threats to Romero, a hard-boiled detective linked with the security forces of the government. Romero interrogates Rafael, who identifies the terrorist through photographs. Soon after, the terrorist are killed by secret security agents of the government. Romero tells Rafael that the terrorist were killed in a settling of accounts among themselves. Lara and Romero meet to talk about the investigation, but during a brief absence by Romero, Lara is killed by a gunman. The plan to kidnap the minister is actually a hoax in which Fernández Herrador has been involved all along with Martha’s complicity. The minister has accepted a three thousand million bribery deal from an international corporation interested in building five nuclear plans. Fernández Herrador’s idea is to run away with the money to South America under the cover of a new identity. To all, he would have been killed by his kidnappers. Romero discovers the minister’s plans and confronts him, but Fernández Herrador persuades Romero to accept money in exchange for his silence. Martha’s motivation has been to have Teresa only for herself once the minister has escaped. She wanted to kill Rafael, but Chema sees her threatening Rafael at gun point and Romero stos her. Perplexed at her husband’s plan, Teresa tells all to Rafael, who has been an unwilling participant in the minister’s plan. She encourages her lover to flee. The next day, Rafael hears the news on T.V that the Minister Fernández Herrador has been kidnapped. Rafael wants to buy a ticket to travel outside Madrid, but he is stopped by Romero. Romero said he has a job to offer him."] ['Emmanuelle  is a free-spirited woman who makes erotic arthouse films and runs a dance studio out of her loft in Paris. The movie opens with a "Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous" style montage of Cannes, with a documentary-like narration giving us an overview of the famous film festival held there every year. A film within a film, the sequence shows Emmanuelle premiering her latest film, Love Express, in Cannes, causing a scandal in the process. Later, she defends her film at a press conference to reporters who accuse her of creating pornography. After the Q&A, Emmanuelle\'s producer introduces her to Prince Rajid, a wealthy despot who owns the fictional Arab country of Benglagistan. He is apparently obsessed with Emmanuelle and wants to premiere the film in his homeland. Outside, a throng of male fans awaits Emmanuelle, all desperate for a touch of the famed beauty. Things quickly escalate and the mob strips her of every last article of clothing, sending her jumping onto a stranger\'s departing boat for safety. Her unwitting saviour is Charles D. Foster, a young millionaire who disapproves of Emmanuelle\'s erotic films. The couple quickly fall in love after a night of exciting sex on his yacht. After an argument with the concerned Foster, Emmanuelle travels to Benglagistan to promote her film, and meets Eddie, an Indiana Jones style danger-seeker who befriends her. Prince Rajid kidnaps her for his harem and decides to make her one of his 50 wives. Eddie helps her escape, and together they run into the jungle. Charles send an army helicopter to help Emmanuelle. Eddie dies in the shootout but she escapes with the helicopter. Emmanuelle joins Charles D. Foster on a midnight plane ride where they drink champagne and make love. The plane quickly falters and crashes into the mountains near Las Vegas. After being rescued and returning home to mourn her dead lover, she receives a note and flowers and realizes Foster is alive and loves only her.'] ["When Old Man Barnard , a millionaire, is reported drowned at sea his gold digging sons Paul and Martin  come looking for their inheritance. Arriving at the Barnard family estate they renew an old enemy in Adam, their father's butler. He tells them the Barnard mansion has to remain locked and bolted until the will is read, begrudgingly all three men and their girlfriends will have to stay in the neighbouring farmhouse over the weekend. Unbeknown to him Adam is Old Man Barnard's illegitimate son, a fact Paul and Martin are determined to keep from him. Secretly they fear the whole inheritance will go to Adam. With their privileged lifestyles hanging by a thread the Brothers Barnard decide to pursue Adam’s finance Nicole. Reasoning that she will know where Adam has hidden the keys to the mansion, so that they can break in and destroy evidence of Adam’s parentage."] ['The movie starts off with the live action sequence of two real life guys lying in bed watching Saturday morning cartoons. The two guys are obviously a gay couple. They then find on television, The House of Morecock and the viewer then watches what the twosome can see on their TV. We are then introduced to Jonas Morecock, and we then follow him on a series of adventures, including meeting Bigfoot, a chance encounter with a Merman and being face to face with the Loch Ness Monster. All of the situations end up with Jonas having sex with at least one other guy. The film parodies a lot of mainstream television and films including The Little Mermaid, The Blair Witch Project, Godzilla, The X-Files, Titanic, Psycho and Jaws. There are a total of ten episodes contained on the DVD, each featuring a different story involving Jonas.'] ['The movie opens on the lab of mad scientist Dr. VonFockingcock, testing his new invention, The Ultimate Orgasmarator, via a sex romp with his twink assistant. An aircraft attacks the lab, and the scientist and his creation are captured. In futuristic yet gothic Eros City, the local superhero Stonewall and his young sidekick Riot are introduced while chasing down and catching the villain Doctor Cocktopus. Afterward, the city\'s police chief informs the pair of the attack on VonFockingcock, and they determine to find the culprit, and foil what they reason must be a grand plan to wreak havoc on the city with the scientist\'s invention. Riot suspects master criminal Polecat, who\'s recently been released from prison on a legal technicality, and they raid his gay strip joint, the Kit Kat Club. The ensuing battle and sex scene with the flamboyant villain reveals that Polecat is guilty... of a completely different robbery, and knows nothing of VonFockingcock and his Orgasmarator. Stonewall then suggests local rogues gallery The Masters of Doom, and he and Riot depart for the Masters\' headquarters. There, the team (Snake Johnson, Dr. Probe, The Flame, [[bondage  are brainstorming plans for "the total sexual domination of Eros City" when the heroes crash in an orgy breaks out. The experience is enjoyable for all, but again the duo have the wrong guys. They return to their base, and after a flashback details Stonewall\'s origin story, the pair split up and a montage sequence follows, detailing their investigations of and romps with Webmaster, Chicken Hawk, Polar Bear, and Size Queen ... exhausting all of the remaining suspects, except for the insane crime boss French Tickler. Attacking his base, they find that the Tickler is holding VonFockingcock, and planning to use the Orgazmarator to cure his sexual dysfunction and plunge the city into climax and chaos. Stonewall brings the villain to his knees, while Riot engages the henchmen, and the doctor is rescued and the plot foiled. The film ends when Stonewall and Riot flys to the reporting citing of Cockmander and Arse Lick. After the credits, the talking dildo attempts to call his mother although he doesn\'t have any hands.'] ["The thirteen short films that make up the entire collection vary considerably in length and style. # Skin features two figures, one male and one female, clad in full-body nylon stockings caressing and kissing each other intimately. After a while, the two figures begin to cut open the nylon with a pair of scissors to reveal the naked skin underneath, and engage in oral and penetrative sex. There is no dialogue and only soft background music. Directed by Elin Magnusson. # Fruitcake is a mix of close-up shots of various objects and human anuses being licked, dripped with saliva, fingered or penetrated with sex toys. The images are accompanied by a monologue. Directed by Sara Kaaman and Ester Martin Bergsmark. # Night Time shows a woman kissing a man passionately while filming herself. They both proceed to perform oral sex on each other while the woman later uses a vibrator to reach orgasm. Directed by Nelli Roselli. # Dildoman is the only animated film in the collection. It shows images of a men's club where masturbating adult or middle-aged men watch two women having sex on a pool table. One of the men is then suddenly grabbed by one of the women, who now dwarfs him. The woman proceeds to insert the man into her vagina. When she reaches climax, the man inside her goes limp. The film ends with a shot of the front of the men's club. Directed by Åsa Sandzén. # Body Contact portrays two women, one filming the other, searching for a man to have sex with on the Swedish dating site Body Contact. A man with a Scanian dialect shows his penis to the women through a webcam. Later the man pays them a visit, but is unnerved by the presence of the camera. The two women convince him to have sex. Directed by Pella Kågerman. # Red Like Cherry is a series of quick, blurred clips of unidentifiable people swimming in the surf of a beach and then having sex in a room. Directed by Tora Mårtens. # On Your Back Woman! is a series of clips of nude or semi-nude women wrestling each other. Directed by Wolfe Madam. # Phone Fuck features a newly separated lesbian couple who talk over the telephone and eventually engage in phone sex. Directed by Ingrid Ryberg. # Brown Cock shows the naked pelvis of a Caucasian woman. Her vagina is penetrated by a brown dildo held by a mulatto woman, who then goes on to fist her. The two women engage in sex-related dialogue throughout the scene, commenting the sex act. Directed by Universal Pussy. # Flasher Girl on tour is a semi-documentary manifesto of Swedish artist Joanna Rytel and her alter ego Flasher Girl, a woman flasher. In the film she travels to Paris where she exposes herself to men and expands on her motives for doing so. Directed by Joanna Rytel. # Authority starts with a lightly clad woman breaking into abandoned lot in Berlin and spraying graffiti. She is caught in the act by a female police officer who chases her into an empty building, but is eventually overpowered and bound. The two then engage in rough sexual activities, including spitting, slapping and anal sex. Directed by Marit Östberg. # For the Liberation of Men is an abstract mix of clips of a man clad in women's clothing masturbating and close-ups of an old woman's face. Directed by Jennifer Rainsford. # Come Together, the short that Engberg and others did before the twelve actual Dirty Diaries shorts, is included last in the collection. It consists of Engberg and several others filming themselves with mobile phone while masturbating and eventually reaching orgasm. Directed by Mia Engberg."] ['A traveling salessman meets a beautiful young girl  by a motel swimming pool and picks her up. They go to his room for drinks and a good time. They have sexual intercourse, including cunnilingus, but when he wants her to perform fellatio she refuses. When the salesman attempts to force her to perform the sex act against her will, she fights back.{{cite web}} He jumps off the bed and sulks. She gets off the bed to comfort him, then calls a girlfriend and ask her to come over and join them. The other young woman arrives at the motel room and accommodates the man in the manner he requested. When he positions the girlfriend in the 69 position to perform cunnilingus on her while she continues to fellate him, his original lover joins them and straddles his face. She then performs sexual intercourse by riding him topside.'] 