['In every port, sailor Bill, Spencer Tracy, meets girls, who sailor Spike, Warren Hymer, has already met, and talked into getting his signature tattoo. When Bill and Spike finally meet, they become friends. Then, they meet Carny high diver, Goldie, Jean Harlow.'] ['Police Captain Jim Fitzpatrick  is a dedicated family man and crime fighter not averse to using violence to fight violence. Although he\'s been demoted for political reasons, public outcry forces the mayor to take more aggressive action against sleazy gang boss Sam Belmonte , and Fitzpatrick is promoted to police chief. His younger brother, Police Detective Ed Fitzpatrick , allows himself to be seduced by a languorously sexy Belmonte gang moll  and needs money to continue the relationship. Frustrated when his principled brother will not promote him, he betrays Jim\'s trust by conspiring with Belmonte\'s henchmen in a truck hijacking that results in the deaths of a child and another police officer. After a crooked lawyer is able to get those guilty off on all charges, the relentlessly determined Chief turns to vigilantism to rid the city of its "Beasts."'] ["Marian  and Ned  are scheduled to be married in two days, when Ned is killed by the husband of a woman with whom he was having an affair. Marian becomes withdrawn and is sent to the Canadian Rockies for rest. One day while walking in the mountains, she accidentally falls off a ledge and twists her ankle. She is discovered and rescued by Dan Forrester  and his dog Sandy. Dan visits Marian every day, even though she is still bitter about her fiancee's death. Before she leaves the mountains, Dan asks her to marry him and she accepts, knowing she will never truly love again. Marian and Dan go back to Chicago, where Dan dotes on Marian, even building her a house in the country. Everything is going well until Marian meets a brash young transport owner named Frank . She rejects his advances, but he persists. When Dan leaves town on business, Frank entertains her every day, and Marian soon realizes that she may find love again after all."] ["Helga Ohlin is an illegitimate child raised in an abusive home. Her family arranges for her to marry a lout, Jeb Mondstrum, but she runs away and meets Rodney Spencer, an architect who is renting a cabin down the road from her family's farm. When Rodney leaves the cabin, her father and Jeb find her. She runs away again and joins a circus as a dancer; she now calls herself Susan Lenox. She meets Rodney, but they have a misunderstanding and he leaves. She runs away to New York and becomes the mistress of Mike Kelly, a politician; she meets Rodney again, but they have another misunderstanding and split. Susan then searches and finds him in South America, and finally they end up together."] ["In Venice, Gaston Monescu , a master thief masquerading as a baron, meets Lily , a beautiful thief and pickpocket also pretending to be of the nobility, and the two fall in love and decide to team up. They leave Venice for Paris, and go to work for the famous perfume manufacturer Madame Mariette Colet , with the intention of stealing a great sum of money from her safe, which Monescu, as her secretary, arranges to be diverted there. In the course of things, Colet begins to flirt with Monescu, and he begins to have feelings for her. Unfortunately, the plan develops a hitch when François Filiba , one of Colet's suitors, sees Monescu at a garden party. He is unable to remember where he knows him from, but when another of Colet's suitors, The Major , tells Filiba that he once mistook Monescu for a doctor, Filiba suddenly remembers that he knows Monescu from Venice, where the thief robbed him, pretending to be a doctor. Monescu and Lily plan an immediate getaway that night, after they take all the money in the safe. Colet prepares to leave for a dinner party given by the Major, but cannot decide whether to go or to stay and have sex with Monescu. Eventually she goes, but not before Lily catches on that Monescu has fallen for her rival, and wants to back out of the plan &ndash; so she robs the safe herself after confronting her partner. At the Major's, Filiba tells Colet about Monescu, but she refuses to believe it's true. She returns home and suggestively probes Monescu, who admits that the safe has been cleaned out, but claims that he himself took the cash. He also tells her that the manager of her business, Adolph J. Giron , who has been suspicious of Monescu all along, has stolen millions of dollars from the firm over the years. Lily then confronts Colet and Monescu, reporting that it was she who stole the money from the safe. An argument ensues, in which, eventually, Colet allows the two thieves to leave together. As a parting shot, Monescu steals a necklace from Colet that Lily had her eye on, and, in turn, Lily steals it from him, displaying it to him as the taxi takes them away, hugging each other."] ["Three friends from childhood, Mary , Ruth , and Vivian , meet again as young adults after some time apart. They each light a cigarette from the same match and discuss the superstition that such an act is unlucky and that Vivian, the last to light her cigarette, will be the first to die. Mary is an entertainer who has established stability in her life after spending some time in a reform school, while Ruth works as a stenographer. Vivian is the best off of the three, married to successful lawyer Robert Kirkwood  and with a young son, but she has grown dissatisfied with her life. Just before she is about to leave on an ocean cruiser with her son, gambler Michael Loftus  persuades Vivian to run away with him. She soon becomes addicted to cocaine . Concerned about Vivian's neglect of her son, Mary tells Robert where to find his boy. Robert retrieves his son and divorces Vivian. Mary and Robert become better acquainted and eventually marry. Meanwhile, Vivian's money runs out and Michael owes $2,000 to three sadistic gangsters, Harve, Dick  and Ace ([[Edward Arnold , who tell him to pay up or else. Desperate, Michael tries to blackmail Robert by threatening to inform the press about Mary's criminal background. When that doesn't work, he kidnaps Robert's boy. However, in a selfless act of contrition and self-sacrifice, Vivian scrawls a message in lipstick on her nightgown and throws herself out the window of the fourth-floor apartment where she and her son are being held, alerting the authorities and saving her son's life at the cost of her own, making the superstitious comments at the beginning of the film about the last to light the cigarette being the first to die, accurate."] ['Immanuel Rath  is an esteemed educator at the local Gymnasium &ndash; a college preparatory high school &ndash; in Weimar Germany. After he punishes several of his students for circulating photographs of the beautiful Lola-Lola  the headliner for the local cabaret, "The Blue Angel". Hoping to catch the boys at the club, Rath goes there later that evening and meets Lola herself. Consumed with desire for Lola, Rath returns to the night club the following evening, to return a pair of panties that were smuggled into his coat by one of his students, and stays the night with her. The next morning, reeling from his night of passion, Rath arrives late to school to find his classroom in chaos and the principal furious with his behavior. Rath subsequently resigns from his position at the academy to marry Lola, but their happiness is short-lived, as they soon fritter away the teacher\'s meager savings and Rath is forced to take a position as a clown in Lola\'s cabaret troupe to pay the bills. His growing insecurities about Lola\'s profession as a "shared woman" eventually consume him with lust and jealousy. The troupe returns to his hometown and "The Blue Angel", where he is ridiculed and berated by the patrons, the very people he himself used to deride. As Rath performs his last act, he witnesses his wife embrace and kiss the strongman Mazeppa, her new love interest, and is enraged to the point of insanity. He attempts to strangle Lola, but is beaten down by the other members of the troupe and locked in a straitjacket. Later that night, Rath is freed, and makes his way towards his old classroom. Rejected, humiliated, and destitute, he dies in remorse, clenching the desk at which he once taught.'] [" Big Louis Costillo , the leading crime boss of the South Side, is killed, apparently by Tony Camonte  acting on the orders of Johnny Lovo . Lovo then takes control of the South Side with Tony as his key lieutenant, selling large amounts of illegal beer to speakeasies and muscling in on bars run by rival outfits. However, Lovo repeatedly warns Tony not to mess with the Irish gangs led by O'Hara who run the North Side. Tony soon begins to ignore these orders, shooting up bars belonging to O'Hara, and attracting the attention of the police and rival gangsters. Lovo begins to realize that Tony is out of control and has ambitions to take his position. Meanwhile, Tony pursues Lovo's girlfriend Poppy  with increasing confidence. At first, she is dismissive of him, but pays him more attention as his reputation rises. Tony eventually decides to declare war and take over the North Side, and sends one of his best men and close friend, the coin flipping Guino Rinaldo  to kill O'Hara in a florist's shop that he uses as his base. This brings heavy retaliation from the North Side gangs now led by Gaffney  and armed with Tommy guns, a weapon that instantly captures Tony's dark imagination. Tony leads his own forces to virtually destroy the North Side gangs and take over their market, using tactics such as those used on the Valentines Day Massacre. This proves too much for Lovo, whose organization has been effectively hijacked by his ambitious deputy, and he arranges for Tony to be assassinated while driving in his car. Tony manages to escape this attack, and he and Rinaldo kill Lovo in revenge, leaving Tony as the undisputed boss of the city. Tony's actions have provoked a public outcry and the forces of the law are slowly closing in. Tony's problems increase when his sister Cesca , whom he is overprotective of, secretly marries his friend Guino. After discovering the two of them together, Tony kills his friend leaving his sister distraught. This provides the police the opportunity they'd been waiting for and they move to arrest Tony for Guino's murder. Tony holes up in his house and prepares to shoot it out. His sister comes, planning to kill him, but ends up helping him to fight the police. When she is killed by a stray bullet, Tony's confidence collapses. As the apartment fills with tear gas, he leaves down the stairs and is confronted by the police. Tony pleads in cowardly fashion for his life then seems to make a break for it, but is mowed down by police fire - apparently suicide by cop.  With the disapproval of several censors regarding the film, producer Howard Hughes, being wealthy enough to spend as much money as needed on the picture, willingly brought the film back to production by re-shooting an alternate ending. The alternate ending differs from the original ending , in the manner that Tony is caught and in which he dies. Unlike the original ending in which Tony Camonte escapes the police and dies getting shot several times, the alternate ending begins with Tony reluctantly handing himself over to the police. After the encounter, there is a scene in which a judge is addressing Tony  during sentencing. The next scene is the finale, in which Tony  is brought to the gallows, where he is finally put to an end by being hanged as soon as the policemen cut the ropes. After such effort, the censors still rejected this version. Afterwards, Hughes discarded version B, restored the film to its original ending and screened the film in states where there was little censorship of films, thus leading to bona-fide box office status and positive critical reviews."] ["Loosely based on the Sidney Kingsley play of the same name: a dedicated young doctor places his patients above everyone else in his life. Unfortunately, his Social Register fianceé can't accept the fact that he considers an appointment in the operating room more important than attending a cocktail party. He soon drifts into an affair with a pretty nurse who shares his passion for healing."] ["A young man is accused of murder and a master detective is set to track him down and uncover conclusive evidence of his guilt. But the more he works on the case, the more he becomes convinced that the accused is not the real killer. He discovers that the murder was committed by a notorious gangster who's attempting to frame the boy."] [' In 1931, China is embroiled in a civil war. Friends of British Captain Donald "Doc" Harvey  envy him because the fabulously notorious Shanghai Lily is a fellow passenger on the express train from Beiping to Shanghai. When the name means nothing to him, they inform him that she is a "coaster" or "woman who lives by her wits along the China coast" – in other words, a courtesan. On the journey, Harvey encounters his former lover, Magdalen . Five years earlier, she had played a trick on Harvey to gauge his love for her, but it backfired and he left her. She frankly informs him that, in the interim, "It took more than one man to change my name to Shanghai Lily." Lily makes it clear that she still cares deeply for him. It becomes apparent that his feelings also have not changed. Among the other passengers are fellow coaster Hui Fei , zealous missionary Mr. Carmichael , inveterate gambler Sam Salt , opium dealer Eric Baum , boarding house keeper Mrs. Haggerty , French officer Major Lenard , and a mysterious Eurasian, Henry Chang . Government soldiers search the train and arrest an enemy agent. Immediately afterwards, Chang sends a coded telegram. The train is taken over by rebels loyal to a powerful warlord, who turns out to be Chang. Chang questions the passengers, looking for someone important enough to exchange for his valued aide, the man who was taken earlier. He finds what he wants in Harvey, who is on his way to perform brain surgery on the Governor-General of Shanghai. Chang offers to take Shanghai Lily to his palace, but she claims she has reformed. Overhearing from the next room, Harvey breaks in and knocks Chang down. Because he needs Harvey alive, Chang swallows  the insult and leaves them alone. He then has Hui Fei forcibly brought to him to spend the night. The government releases Chang\'s man, but Chang decides to blind Harvey for his insolence. Out of love, Lily offers herself in return for Harvey\'s safe release. Harvey remains unaware of the danger he is in and Lily\'s reason for going with Chang. Then, Chang is stabbed to death by Hui Fei. When she informs Harvey, he finds Lily. They board the train and depart before the body is discovered. Carmichael, trusting his instincts, gets Lily to tell him the truth about her self-sacrifice. She insists that he not enlighten Harvey, because love must go hand in hand with faith. In the end, at the Shanghai train station, Harvey finally acknowledges his love for her.'] ["Wonder Bar is set in a Parisian nightclub, with the stars playing the ‘regulars’ at the club. The movie revolves around two main story points, a romance and a more serious conflict with death, and several minor plots. All of the stories are enlivened from time to time by extravagant musical numbers. The more serious story revolves around Captain Von Ferring , a German military officer. Ferring has gambled on the stock market and lost, now broke after dozens of failed investments, he is at the Wonder Bar to try and pull a one night stand before killing himself the following day. Al Wonder  knows about Ferring's plan. Meanwhile, an elaborate romance is unfolding. The bar's central attraction is the Latin lounge dancing group led by Inez . Al Wonder has a secret attraction to Inez, who has a burning passion for Harry . However, Harry is two-timing her with Liane , who is married to the famous French banker Renaud . The story comes to a climax when Inez finds out that Harry and Liane plan to run away together and head to the United States. Inez, in a haze of jealousy, kills Harry. Subplots are much lighter in nature. They involve several drunken routines by two businessmen  and Al Wonder's various narrations as emcee of the floor show and manager of the club."] ['In San Francisco, private investigator Sam Spade  and his partner Miles Archer ([[Walter Long  are approached by Ruth Wonderly  to follow a man, Floyd Thursby, who allegedly ran off with her younger sister. The two accept the assignment because the money is good, even though they disbelieve her story. Late that night, police detective Tom Polhaus  informs Spade that Archer has been shot and killed while tailing Thursby, but Spade turns down the opportunity to examine the body at the scene. As he\'s leaving, he has a brief conversation in Chinese with a man loitering in a doorway. Later, Polhaus and his superior, Lt. Dundy , visit Spade at his apartment. Thursby has been killed, and they want to know where Spade\'s been in the last few hours, &mdash; they suspect him of killing Thursby to avenge the death of his partner. With no real evidence against Spade, they leave. The next day, Spade calls on Ruth Wonderly in an attempt to find out her real reasons for hiring them. She uses several different ploys to keep Spade on the case in spite of the two murders, but Spade sees through them. Despite this, he gets only a little information from her: Thursby was her accomplice who she no longer trusted, and she feels she\'s in danger &mdash; but she won\'t tell Spade what she and Thursby were trying to pull off. Frustrated, Spade begins to leave, but then thinks better of it. He takes $500 from Wonderly, supposedly the last of her money, and goes. At the office, Spade tells his secretary, Effie  to have Archer\'s name removed from the door, and he receives a visit from a Dr. Joel Cairo , who offers Spade $5,000 if he can retrieve an enamel figurine of a black bird that he is trying to recover for the "rightful owner". Not knowing anything about this statuette, Spade plays along, overpowering Cairo when he pulls a gun and attempts to frisk him and search the office. Nevertheless, he agrees to try to recover the statuette. That night, at his apartment, Spade questions Wonderly about Cairo and the black bird. Nervous about Cairo\'s offer and afraid of losing Spade\'s help, she begins to attempt to seduce him, but is interrupted when Dundy and Polhaus arrive. Spade keeps them outside the door as they question him about his relationship with Archer\'s wife Iva , with whom Spade has been having an affair. They are about to leave when Wonderly screams, and they rush in to find her holding a gun on Cairo. Spade laughs the incident off with a preposterous story which nonetheless gets the police to leave, with Cairo in tow, allowing Spade and Wonderly to continue their interrogation. The next morning, as Wonderly sleeps in his bed, Spade lifts her key and thoroughly searches her apartment, finding nothing. Returning to his own place, Spade gets a visit from Iva Archer. Spade tries to get rid of her, but she sees Wonderly in the bedroom doorway and leaves in a huff, threatening to tell everything she knows to Lt. Dundy. Spade receives a note from Casper Gutman ([[Dudley Digges , inviting him to come and talk about the black bird. Over drinks and cigars, Spade learns the history and value of the statuette, which is encrusted with precious jewels covered over with enamel, and that Gutman is the mastermind behind the attempt to steal the bird. Spade lies to Gutman that "for the right price" he can deliver the figurine in a couple of days, and they make a deal which Gutman seals with a $1000 bill. Just then, Cairo shows up and tells Gutman privately that Spade does not have the falcon, that Captain Jacoby , whose ship La Paloma arrives from Hong Kong that night, does. Gutman then slips Spade a mickey in a celebratory drink, and retrieves his $1000. Later that night, Spade arrives back in his office, where he finds Effie asleep behind his desk. Suddenly, a man staggers in, collapses to the floor and dies &mdash; it\'s Captain Jacoby, and the suitcase he was carrying has the precious black bird in it. Spade checks the bag at a baggage check and sends himself the ticket in the mail. Called in to see the District Attorney  because of what Iva\'s been telling the police, Spade stonewalls them, and is given 24 hours to wrap up the case and bring in the real killers. Wonderly lures Spade into his apartment, where Cairo and Gutman are waiting for him with guns. Knowing that Spade has the falcon, Gutman gives him ten $1000 bills in an envelope, but Spade insists there also has to be a "fall guy" to give the police to account for the murders , and suggests Gutman\'s gunman, Wilmer Cook , as the patsy. Gutman rejects this idea, and Spade then puts forward Cairo as a candidate. Cairo counters that Spade\'s been paid and should bring forward the bird, and they all settle in to wait for the morning, when Spade says he can produce it. As Wonderly leaves to make coffee and sandwiches, Gutman accuses her of stealing one of the bills from the envelope, prompting Spade to have her strip. When he finds she doesn\'t have the bill on her, he accuses Gutman of palming it, which Gutman admits. Now having the upper hand, Spade tells Gutman that Wilmer will be the fall guy, which Cairo and Gutman discuss in a whispered conference. Goaded by Spade, Wilmer pulls his gun, Spade knocks him out &mdash; and Gutman and Cairo agree to Spade\'s proposal. After Spade calls Effie and asks her to pick up the suitcase with the falcon in the morning and bring it to them, Gutman explains to him how Wilmer killed Thursby and Jacoby. When the bag shows up, Wilmer escapes out the window while the conspirators are frantically opening it and examining the black bird. They soon determine that it is a fake &mdash; they\'ve been duped by the previous owner &mdash; and Gutman and Cairo decide to make another attempt to steal it. As they leave, Gutman takes back his $10,000 from Spade at gunpoint. Spade immediately calls Detective Polhaus and tells him to pick up Gutman, Cairo and Wilmer: he\'ll provide Wilmer\'s guns as evidence. Confronting Wonderly, Spade accuses her of killing Archer to throw suspicion on Thursby and get him out of the way. She admits it, and Spade tells her that he\'s going to turn her in for the murder, despite their love for each other. When Dundy and Polhaus show up, they reveal that Wilmer murdered Gutman and Cairo before being apprehended. Spade gives them Wilmer\'s guns, tells them that Wonderly killed Archer, and they take her away. We then learn from a newspaper article that Spade "caused a sensation at [Wonderly\'s] trial when he produced Lee Fu Gow, Chinese merchant, the only eye-witness to the Archer killing, who positively identified Miss Wonderly as the murderess." Spade goes to visit Wonderly in prison to tell her that he\'s been made Chief Investigator for the District Attorney\'s office. Spade asks the prison matron to treat Wonderly well and give her whatever she wants. When the matron asks who will pay for the special treatment, Spade tells her to send the bill to the D.A.\'s office: "I\'ll OK it."'] ['The story describes an encounter between a Parisian tailor named Maurice Courtelin  and a family of local aristocrats. These include Viscount Gilbert de Varèze , who owes Maurice a large amount of money for tailoring work; Gilbert\'s uncle Duke d\'Artelines , the family patriarch; d\'Artelines\' man-hungry niece Valentine ; and his other 22-year-old niece, Princess Jeanette , who has been a widow for three years. D\'Artelines has been unable to find Jeanette a new husband of suitable age and rank. House hold also includes three aunts and an ineffectual suitor Count de Savignac . Maurice custom-tailors clothing for de Varèze on credit, but the Viscount\'s unpaid tailoring bills become intolerable, so Maurice travels to de Savignac\'s castle to collect the money owed to him. On the way, he has a confrontation with Princess Jeanette. He immediately professes his love for her, but she haughtily rejects him. When Maurice arrives at the castle, Gilbert introduces him as "Baron Courtelin" in order to hide the truth from the Count. Maurice is fearful of this scheme at first, but changes his mind when he sees Jeanette. While staying at the castle, he arouses Valentine\'s desire, charms the rest of the family except for Jeanette, saves a deer\'s life during a hunt, and continues to woo Jeanette. The Count de Savignac discovers that Maurice is a fake, but the Viscount then claims that Maurice is a royal who is traveling incognito for security reasons. Finally, Jeanette succumbs to Maurice\'s charms, telling him "Whoever you are, whatever you are, wherever you are, I love you." When Maurice criticizes Jeanette\'s tailor, the family confronts him for his rudeness, only to catch him and Jeanette alone with Jeanette partially undressed. Maurice explains that he is redesigning Jeanette\'s riding outfit, and he proves this by successfully altering it, but in the process he is forced to reveal his true identity. Despite her earlier promise, Jeanette recoils from him and runs to her room on hearing that he is a commoner. The entire household is outraged, and Maurice leaves. However, as a train carries him back to Paris, Jeanette struggles with her fears, finally realizes her mistake, and catches up to the train on horseback. When the engineer refuses to stop the train, she rides ahead and stands on the track. The train stops, Maurice jumps out, and the two lovers embrace as steam from the train envelops them.'] ["Count Alfred, military attaché to the Sylvanian Embassy in Paris, is ordered back to Sylvania to report to Queen Louise for a reprimand following a string of scandals, including an affair with the ambassador's wife. In the meantime Queen Louise, ruler of Sylvania in her own right, is royally fed-up with her subjects' preoccupation with whom she will marry. Intrigued rather than offended by Count Alfred's dossier, Queen Louise invites him to dinner. Their romance progresses to the point of marriage when, despite his qualms, for love of Louise Alfred agrees to obey the Queen."] ['Jerry Corbett , a Chicago reporter and self-styled playwright, meets heiress Joan Prentice  at a party and they begin dating. Even though Jerry\'s economic prospects are dim and he is an alcoholic, he proposes to Joan. She agrees to marry him, against her father\'s objections. Even when Jerry becomes inebriated at their engagement party, Joan stands by him. Jerry writes some plays which are rejected, and fights the urge to drink. He manages to sell a play and they go to New York to see it produced. The star of the production is Jerry\'s former girlfriend Claire, and on the premiere night he gets drunk, and mistakes Joan for Claire. Still, Joan stands by him. When Joan catches Jerry trying to go to Claire\'s one night she kicks him out. The following day she tells him that they will have a "modern marriage" and that she intends to have affairs herself. When Jerry is next seen he is making a "Merrily we go to hell" toast with Claire. In turn Joan and her date toast to the "holy state of matrimony–single lives, twin beds and triple bromides in the morning." Joan becomes pregnant, and finds out she is in poor health. She tries to tell Jerry, but he is busy with Claire, so she moves on. Jerry quickly realizes that he loved her all along. He sobers up, returns to Chicago, and works as a reporter again, but Joan\'s father keeps them apart. Jerry discovers Joan\'s pregnancy from a gossip columnist and goes to the hospital to be with her. He has to force his way into her room, and discovers his wife near death. The baby is dead. A repentant Jerry pledges his love to her in a heartfelt plea.'] ['Lily Powers  works for her father in a speakeasy during Prohibition in Erie, Pennsylvania. Her life has been miserable; since the age of 14, her father  has had her sleep with many of his customers. The only man she trusts, a cobbler who admires Friedrich Nietzsche, tells her that she should start afresh in a new city and use men to get what she wants. When Lily\'s father is killed in a still explosion, she sheds no tears for him. She and her African American co-worker/friend Chico  hop on a freight train out of town, but are discovered by a railroad worker, who threatens to have them thrown in jail. She says, "Wait ... can\'t we talk this over?" It is strongly implied that she has sex with him during a fadeout to get him to change his mind. In New York City, Lily gets a job at the Gotham Trust, even though she has no office experience. The personnel man asks Lily, "Have you had any experience?", to which Lily replies, "Plenty!" She then entices him into his absent boss\'s office to demonstrate. Her progress, sleeping her way to the top, is shown in a recurring visual metaphor of the movie camera panning ever upward along the edifice of the Gotham Trust\'s skyscraper, accompanied by the saxophone wail of St. Louis Blues. Her second conquest is Jimmy McCoy Jr. , who recommends her for promotion to her next victim, Brody . Lily eventually ensnares Ned Stevens ([[Donald Cook , a rising young executive engaged to Ann Carter , the daughter of First Vice President J.R. Carter . She schemes to have Ann walk in on the two locked in an embrace. When J.R. attempts to get Lily to leave Ned alone, she soon adds the older man to her list of admirers. J.R. installs her in a lavish apartment, with Chico along as a maid. However, when Ned finds her there with his future father-in-law, he first shoots the older man, then himself.  Courtland Trenholm , the playboy grandson of the company\'s founder, is elected bank president to deal with the resulting public scandal. He rebuffs Lily\'s attempt to extort $15,000 from the firm in return for withholding her diary from the press. He only offers her a job in the firm\'s Paris office, where she can do no harm. To maintain her appearance as a "victim of circumstance", she has little choice but to accept. Some time later, when Courtland goes to Paris on business, he is surprised and impressed to find her not only still working there, but also promoted to head of the travel bureau. He soon falls under her spell and marries her. Although he is not responsible, Courtland is indicted when the bank fails due to mismanagement. He begs Lily to return all the gifts he showered on her, so he can finance his defense, but Lily decides to keep them and flee to Europe. However, she changes her mind when she realizes that she has finally found a man she can love. When she returns, she discovers that her husband has shot himself. On the ride to the hospital, the attendant assures her that Courtland has a good chance of survival. Courtland opens his eyes, sees Lily, and smiles at her as the movie ends.'] ['Dan Hardesty  is an escaped murderer, sentenced to hang. In Hong Kong, he meets Joan Ames , a terminally-ill woman, in a bar. They share a drink, then Dan breaks his glass, followed by Joan. Police Sergeant Steve Burke  captures Dan when he leaves  and escorts his prisoner aboard an ocean liner crossing the Pacific to San Francisco. On board, Dan jumps into the water in a bid to escape, dragging a handcuffed  Steve with him, but spots Joan among the passengers and changes his mind. Once the ship is underway, he persuades Steve to remove his handcuffs. Dan and Joan fall in love on the month-long cruise, neither knowing that the other is under the shadow of death. By chance, two of Dan\'s friends are also aboard, thief Skippy  and con artist "Barrel House Betty" , masquerading as "Countess Barilhaus". The countess distracts Steve as much as she can to help Dan. Just before the only stop, at Honolulu, Steve has Dan put in the brig, but he escapes with their help and goes ashore. Joan intercepts him and they spend an idyllic day together. When they drive back to the dock, Dan starts to tell her why he cannot return to the ship, only to have her faint. Dan carries her aboard for medical help, forfeiting his chance. Later, Joan\'s doctor tells Dan about her condition and that the slightest excitement or shock could be fatal. Meanwhile, the "countess" has spent so much time with the policeman that a romance blooms between them. When they near the end of the voyage, he awkwardly proposes to her. She tells him her true identity, but he still wants to marry her. As Steve and Dan get ready to disembark, a steward overhears the grim truth and, when Joan comes looking for Dan, tells her. The two lovers part for the last time without letting on they know each other\'s secret, and Joan collapses after Dan is out of sight. They had agreed to meet again on New Year\'s Eve, a month later. At the appointed time and place, a bartender is startled when two glasses on the bar break with no one around.'] ['A promiscuous woman is raped and forced into prostitution by a backwoods character, and, according to Pre-Code scholar Thomas Doherty, the film implies that the deeds done to her are in recompense for her immorality.{{cite book}}'] ["Kiki  is a hapless French chorus girl who has just been fired from her job. She doesn't accept it and goes to see producer Victor Randall ([[Reginald Denny . He, however, is really busy and is annoyed by her presence. To get her out of his office, he promises her job back. Before she leaves, she drops her purse and clippings of Victor shaped in hearts fall out. It becomes clear Kiki is secretly in love with him. When the next show becomes a disaster because of Kiki, she is again fired. She goes complaining at Victor Randall's office for the second time. He is now charmed by her and invites Kiki to his apartment. There, she notices a photo of his ex-wife Paulette Vaile . He kisses her, but she is insulted and slaps him. She hides in another room and makes clear she feels used and thinks Victor is still not over Paulette. She eventually falls asleep in the room and finds a letter from Paulette the next morning. Although it's for Victor, she reads it. It says she is sorry about last night and wants to make up with Victor. Kiki becomes jealous and ruins the letter. Meanwhile, the servants are irritated by Kiki and try to get her out of Victor's apartment. Victor confronts her when the servants inform him Kiki has stolen a few of Paulette's letters. He eventtually finds the letters and reads them. Victor and Kiki have a conversation and flirt for the first time. Kiki becomes angry when Victor receives a phone call from Paulette and answers it. Paulette later visits Victor's apartment. Kiki is outraged and tells Paulette she is in love with Victor and intends to marry him. Victor catches Kiki intimidating and scaring Paulette and orders her to get out. Victor and Paulette fall in love with each other again, but they find out Kiki hasn't left the apartment. Kiki pretends to be unconscious. Victor puts her in bed to rest and Kiki kisses him. He tells Paulette he can't leave Kiki alone. Paulette feels betrayed and leaves him. Victor and Kiki finally fall in love and kiss."] ['The film revolves around college football and a game between the fictional Darwin and Huxley Colleges.  Many of the jokes about the amateur status of collegiate football players and how eligibility rules are stretched by collegiate athletic departments remain remarkably current.Horse Feathers at Filmsite.org. Groucho plays Quincy Adams Wagstaff, the new president of Huxley College, and Zeppo is his son Frank, who convinces his father to recruit professional football players to help Huxley\'s team. There are also many references to Prohibition. Baravelli  is an "iceman", who delivers ice and bootleg liquor from a local speakeasy. Pinky  is also an "iceman", and a part-time dogcatcher. Through a series of misunderstandings, Baravelli and Pinky are recruited to play on Huxley\'s football team; this requires them to enroll as students at Huxley, which creates chaos throughout the school. The climax of the movie, often referenced as one of the greatest football-related scenes in movie history,[http://sports.espn.go.com/espn/page2/story?pagehttp://www.time.com/time/magazine/0,9263,7601320815,00.html |title2007-04-02 |last |authorlink |date |month |publisher |language |archivedate }}'] ['Leslie Hatton, a poor farmer, becomes a captain and a war hero in World War I. While on a leave, he secretly marries Rose, the "village belle", but he only has time for a few kisses and a hug before he has to return to the fighting. After the Armistice, Major Hatton comes home, only to be told by Marvin Swallow that his wife\'s parents have had their marriage annulled, as she was not of age. Rose married wealthy Lon Henderson and the couple went abroad. Les returns to farming. One day, the Hendersons return. Rose, disillusioned by Lon\'s repeated infidelity, throws herself at Les. He weakens and embraces her, but then Lon shows up. The two men struggle when Lon pulls out a gun. Fortunately no one is hurt, and Les invents a French wife on her way to the farm so he will be left alone. He goes to Ellis Island in search of a real wife. An official directs him to Catherine and her parents, poor would-be immigrants who are facing deportation. He offers to marry her in exchange for the family being allowed to settle in America. Her parents strongly oppose the bargain, but she accepts. That night, Catherine is prepared to share her bed with her husband, but sensing her resigned attitude, Les decides at the last minute to sleep alone in another room. They gradually fall in love. Meanwhile, Lon decides to break off his affair with young Jessie Peebles. When Marvin asks her to marry him, she asks for a little time to consider. Les later finds her lifeless body in a pond on his farm. Lon, a member of the local Ku Klux Klan-like Order, insinuates that Les must have had something to do with Jessie\'s suicide. Les is taken at gunpoint to face vigilante justice. The head of the Order sends for Lon, but decides in his absence that the evidence is overwhelming, and Les is tied up and whipped. The men sent to fetch Lon find him dead in his office and Marvin hiding with a gun. They take him back to the Order meeting. He denies having killed Lon and produces Lon\'s love letters to Jessie, exonerating Les. The head of the Order rules that, even if Marvin did not kill Lon, he would have been justified to do so. One of his men stages it to look like suicide.'] ['Joseph W. Randall , the city editor of a tabloid newspaper, reluctantly agrees when publisher Bernard Hinchecliffe  plans to boost circulation with a restrospective series on a 20-year-old murder and scandal, involving a secretary, Nancy Voorhees , who shot the man who got her pregnant and then refused to marry her. Nancy is now married to Michael Townsend , an upstanding member of society, and has a daughter, Jenny , about to marry the son of a socially prominent family, Philip Weeks . She reacts with horror at the renewed interest in the scandal she had put behind her. To dig up dirt about Nancy, Randall assigns an unscrupulous reporter, "Reverend" T. Vernon Isopod , who wears a clerical collar as a device to win the confidence of the bride\'s parents on the eve of the wedding. They confess to him their concerns that Nancy\'s past will come out, and he uses their information to write a story that Randall prints. Nancy tries get Randall to back away from the story, but when he refuses she kills herself, as does her husband shortly afterwards. Phillip\'s parents pressure him to call off the wedding to Nancy\'s daughter Jenny, but he refuses, and they disinherit him as he stands up to them. An enraged Jenny threatens Randall at gun point, attempting to force him to take responsibility for the deaths of her mother and father, but Philip shows up and calms her down. A guilty Randall denounces Hinchecliffe as a hypocrite and decides to quit the paper, as does his secretary Miss Taylor , who\'s been in love with him for years.TCM Full synopsisAllmovie Plot synopsisStephan, Ed Plot summary'] ["In the Great Depression era, the Board of Directors of Thomas Dickson's bank want Dickson  to merge with New York Trust and resign. He refuses. One night, Dickson's bank is robbed of $100,000. The suspect is Matt Brown ([[Pat O'Brien , an ex-convict whom Dickson hired and appointed Chief Teller. Brown, who's very loyal to Dickson, refuses to say where he was that night. He actually has two witnesses for his alibi, Mrs. Dickson  and fellow worker Cyril Cluett , but Brown is protecting Dickson from finding out that Mrs. Dickson was with Cluett having a romantic evening. Cluett, who has a $50,000 gambling debt, is actually responsible for the robbery, but lets Brown take the rap. Word of the robbery causes a run on the bank, but friends of the banker come to his aid, and the bank is saved."] ["Fellow department store shopgirls and roommates Gerry , Connie  and Franky  take different paths in the big city, but all seek to marry themselves to wealthy men. Connie has an affair with David , son of the department store owner, and when he dumps her she kills herself. Franky marries Marty  without knowing he's a crook, but Gerry helps her out of this and Franky goes back to her mother's farm. Gerry has resisted Tony ([[Robert Montgomery , elder son of the store owner, and sadly believes that virtue will be her only reward, but things finally get better with Tony. Throughout the story, Gerry is the sensible one, while the others throw themselves at amoral rich men in an attempt to hook one and better themselves. They end up being hurt and disappointed despite Gerry's attempts to warn them."] [" When the Manhattan investment firm of Sherwood Nash  goes broke, he joins forces with his partner Snap  and fashion designer Lynn Mason  to provide discount shops with cheap copies of Paris couture dresses. Lynn discovers that top designer Oscar Baroque  gets his inspiration from old costume books, and she begins to create designs the same way, signing each one with the name of an established designer. Sherwood realizes Baroque's companion, the alleged Grand Duchess Alix , is really Mabel McGuire, his old friend from Hoboken, New Jersey, and threatens to reveal her identity unless she convinces Baroque to design the costumes of a musical revue in which she will star. Baroque buys a supply of ostrich feathers from Sherwood's crony Joe Ward  and starts a fashion rage. Sherwood then opens Maison Elegance, a new Paris fashion house that's a great success until Baroque discovers Lynn is forging his sketches. He has him arrested, but Sherwood convinces the police to give him time to straighten out the situation. He crashes Baroque and Alix's wedding and promises to humiliate the designer by publicly revealing who is bride really is unless Baroque withdraws the charges. The designer agrees and purchases Maison Elegance from Sherwood, who assures Lynn he'll never get involved in another illegal activity if she returns to America with him. {{multiple image}}"] ["In 1906 San Francisco, Frisco Jenny Sandoval , a denizen of the notorious Tenderloin district, wants to marry piano player Dan McAllister ([[James Murray , but her saloonkeeper father Jim  is adamantly opposed to it. An earthquake kills both men and devastates the city. In the aftermath, Jenny gives birth to a son, whom she names Dan. With financial help from crooked lawyer Steve Dutton , who himself came from the Tenderloin, she sets herself up in the vice trade, providing women on demand. Jenny has one loyal friend, the Chinese woman Amah , who helps take care of the baby. At a party in Steve's honor, he catches gambler Ed Harris  cheating him in a back room. In the ensuing struggle, Steve kills him, with Jenny the only eyewitness. The pair are unable to dispose of the body before it is found and are questioned by the police. However, neither is charged. The scandal forces Jenny to temporarily give up her baby to a very respectable couple who owe Steve a favor to keep the child from being taken away from her. After three years, she tries to take her son back, but the boy clings to the only mother he can remember, so she leaves him where he is. He grows up and goes to Stanford University, where he becomes a football star, graduates with honors, and becomes first a lawyer, then an assistant district attorney. Jenny lovingly follows his progress. Meanwhile, she takes over the vice and bootlegging in the city. When Dan runs for district attorney, his opponent is Tom Ford , who does Jenny's bidding. Against her best interests, she frames Ford so that Dan can win. When Steve tries to bribe Dan to free some of his men, he is arrested. Out on bail, Steve asks Jenny to blackmail Dan into dropping the charges, but she refuses to jeopardize her son's future. In fact, she intends to retire to France with Amah. When Steve threatens to reveal that Jenny is Dan's real mother, she shoots and kills him at Dan's office. She is quickly arrested and prosecuted by Dan. Refusing to defend herself, she is condemned to death by hanging. Amah pleads with her to tell Dan the truth in the hope that he can help her, but when he comes to see her, she remains silent."] ["Lilian 'Lil' Andrews  is a young woman who will do anything to improve herself. She seduces her wealthy boss William 'Bill' Legendre Jr.  and cleverly breaks up his marriage with his loving wife Irene . Irene reconsiders and tries to reconcile with Bill, only to find he has married Lil that day. However, Lil finds herself shunned by high society, including Bill's father, Will Legendre Sr. , because of her lower class origins and homewrecking. When Charles B. Gaerste , a nationally known coal tycoon and the main customer of the Legendres' company, visits the city, Lil thinks she has found a way to force her way into the highest social circles. She seduces him, then blackmails him into throwing a party at her mansion, knowing that no one would dare offend him by not showing up. It seems like a social coup for Lil, until her hairdresser friend and confidante Sally  points out that all the guests have left early to attend a surprise party for Irene . Humiliated, she decides to move to New York City, even if it means a temporary separation from her husband. Will finds Lil's handkerchief at Gaerste's place and correctly guesses what Lil has done. He shows his evidence to his son, who hires detectives to watch Lil. They find that she is conducting not one, but two affairs, with Charles and his handsome French chauffeur Albert . Bill shows Charles damning photographs. When Lil learns that Charles has found out about her, she returns to Bill, only to find him with Irene. Furious, she shoots him, but he survives and refuses to have her charged with attempted murder. However, he does divorce her and remarry Irene. Two years later, he sees her again, at a racetrack in Paris, in the company of an aged Frenchman. He discreetly hides Irene's binoculars. In the final scene, Lil and her elderly companion get into a limousine ... driven by Albert."] ['Playboy, Captain Danilo , is ordered by King Achmet of Marshovia  to court and marry Madame Sonia , a rich widow who owns a large portion of the kingdom.'] ['Orville "Gabby" Denton is an alcoholic drifter with a chronic gambling problem. Despite his flaws he is beloved by his family. Gabby\'s brother-in-law Beef gets Gabby work as a mechanic at the Metropolitan Garage. The shop is a front to a stolen car ring. His brother-in-law Beef, who is otherwise honest, is aware of this. One day, Gabby is sent to pick up Silver, Jenkins\'s girl friend, whose car has broken down. Both Gabby and Silver start a relationship, after which Silver leaves Jenkins. During a getaway one of car thiefs hits Gabby\'s nephew Buddy, who is in the street driving a toy car. The driver makes it to the garage, and Buddy receives treatment at a hospital. A witness points out the car to Gabby, and he understands its the car that drove into the garage to be repainted. He investigates and discovers a piece of Buddy\'s little car in the wheel of the stolen car. When he confronts Beef, Beef gets drunk and confronts Jenkins and the head of the stolen car ring. They kill Beef, making his death look accidental. Photographer Bill Jones gives Gabby a photograph of Beef in the car before the accident, which shows Beef was already dead. Silver and Gabby confront Jenkins. The criminals drive away, but die in a car crash. With the hoodlums out of the way, Gabby marries Silver.'] ["Growing up in a poor working-class family, Laura  works hard to support her abusive father Ben . He supports his other daughter Peg  to marry a hard working man named Nick , to profit from his income. Laura disagrees, and feels that one should marry another out of love. Nevertheless, she rejects a marriage proposal from the boy-next-door to become romantically involved with William Brockton  a wealthy man many years her senior whom she met at a modeling job. She allows herself to be showered by expensive gifts and moves into his luxury apartment. Her newly found wealth does not come without any backlashes, though. Her mother Agnes , now an ill woman, refuses to see her daughter because she feels that Laura has changed for the worse. A visit to Peg, who is now married to Nick, is ended abruptly by Nick's demand that she leaves his house immediately. Even though she realizes that she has estranged from her family, she continues to stay with Brockton. Sometime later, while vacationing in Colorado, she meets and falls in love with young newsman Jack Madison ([[Robert Montgomery . After a short affair, Jack is stationed in Argentina for a period of time. Laura promises him that she will leave Brockton in the meanwhile. She breaks the news to Brockton, returns all of his gifts back, leaves his apartment,and takes a job at Macy's department store. Another night, Ben, brings Laura a visit to inform her that Agnes is terminally ill and in urgent need of an expensive stomach analyst. Laura is upset that she cannot provide her mother the financial support that she needs. She unsuccessfully asks one of her former colleagues Elfie St. Clair  for a loan. After Agnes dies, now destitute Laura returns to Brockton. He is only willing to take her back on condition that she informs Jack that she has reconciled with Brockton and will not see him any longer. She promises him that she will, until a phone call from Jack announcing his near return to New York throws her off. Desperate, Laura turns to Elfie for help, who advises her to leave Brockton and marry Jack. Her plans to elope with Jack are cut short when Brockton unexpectedly shows up. Brockton, noticing Laura's packed bags, informs Jack about what happened during his absence. Laura tries to explain the situation, but Jack is too angered and leaves. Heartbroken, she leaves Brockton and travels to her family home, where she watches her relatives having Christmas dinner from outside. Nick notices Laura, and invites her in, comforting her with the promise that Jack will take her back someday."] ["In 1917, France is embroiled in World War I. Dubois , head of the French spy bureau, offers to spare the life of a captured agent  if he will reveal who he is protecting. Dubois suspects it is Mata Hari, a celebrated, wildly popular exotic dancer, but the prisoner chooses execution by firing squad. Lieutenant Alexis Rosanoff  of the Imperial Russian Air Force lands in Paris after a dangerous flight over enemy territory, bringing important dispatches from Russia. He persuades his superior, General Serge Shubin , to take him to see Mata Hari perform that night. Rosanoff is instantly smitten by her . By youthful exuberance and good looks, he persuades her to spend the night with him. However, the next morning, she makes it clear to him that it was a one-time dalliance. Carlotta  secretly instructs Mata Hari to report to Andriani , their spymaster. Andriani orders her to find out from General Shubin the contents of the dispatches Rosanoff brought. Meanwhile, when Dubois discloses his suspicions about Mata Hari to Shubin, the general laughs them off as ridiculous. However, Shubin has himself passed secret information to his lover Mata Hari, whom he is expecting for a private dinner. Rosanoff arrives unexpectedly, in case Shubin has further instructions before the pilot returns to Russia with more important dispatches. Upon learning of Rosanoff's mission, Mata Hari arranges for a confederate to steal the dispatches, photograph them and then return them undetected, while she keeps a puzzled, but delighted Rosanoff occupied. This is the opportunity for which Dubois has been waiting. He informs Shubin of Mata Hari's recent activities, inciting his jealousy. She comes to see the general, but is unable to persuade him she was only doing her job. In fact, she has fallen in love with the younger man. Furious, Shubin telephones Dubois and confirms that Mata Hari is a spy. She shoots him dead before he can carry through on his threat to implicate Rosanoff. Mata Hari goes into hiding, but when Andriani informs her that Rosanoff crashed and was seriously injured on his way back to Russia, she defies him and resigns to go to her love. Rosanoff has been blinded, but may recover his sight. After a joyful reunion , she is arrested by Dubois. At her trial, her lawyer, Major Caron , points out that Dubois' case is weak; all his testimony is second-hand. However, when Dubois threatens to have Rosanoff brought in to testify that he met her outside Shubin's office just after the murder, Mata Hari gives up. She is sentenced to death. She writes to Rosanoff, telling him that she cannot see him for a while, as she has to go to a sanatorium for her health. Shortly before her execution, Rosanoff is brought to her. The jailor and the attending nuns all maintain the pretense that they are in a sanatorium. Rosanoff tells the prisoner that he will likely see again. Then she is taken away to face the firing squad."] ['Emil , a precise, orderly older man, carries his happy new bride Eva  over the threshold of their home.  She is greatly disappointed on her wedding night; he does not even come to bed. After living in the unconsummated marriage for a while, she cannot bear it any longer and runs back to her father , a horse breeder. A divorce is issued. One day, she takes her horse riding. She goes skinny dipping, leaving her clothes on the horse, only to have it wander off, attracted by another locked in a corral. She chases after it all over the countryside. The horse is finally caught by Adam , the virile young foreman or engineer of a road construction gang. Seeing this, she hides in the bushes, where he finds her. At first, she is ashamed of her nudity, but then she glares at him in defiance. He gives her back her clothes. When she tries to leave, she hurts her foot. At first, she resists his efforts to help, then accedes. That night, she cannot stop thinking about him. Finally, she goes to his isolated residence. After some hesitation, they embrace and spend the night together. Her pearl necklace is removed and she forgets to take it with her the next morning. When she returns home, she finds an unwelcome visitor, her ex-husband, who has been waiting for her all night. He tries to reconcile with her, but she tells him that it is too late. He leaves. By chance, while driving away, he encounters his rival. Adam guides him through the construction and asks for a ride into town. On the way, he shows the necklace, which Emil recognizes. Emil considers driving into an approaching train at a crossing, but thinks better of it. That night, he sits alone in a hotel room, while a fly tries futilely to get out through a closed window and several others are shown trapped in flypaper. Downstairs, Adam and Eva are dancing when Emil shoots himself. Adam does not know of the connection between Emil and Eva, and she does not tell him. The young couple had planned to take the train to Berlin. While waiting at the station, Adam falls asleep and a distraught Eva leaves on a different train without him. A sad Adam returns to his work. Eva is shown happily holding a baby.'] ['In the Gay Nineties, on New York\'s Bowery, saloon owner Chuck Connors , finds that his rival, Steve Brodie , has thrown a muskmelon at his window. The happy-go-lucky Brodie explains that he threw the melon on a dare. As Connors threatens to fight him, the two learn of a fire in neighboring Chinatown. Both men call upon their volunteer fire brigades, and wager $100 on which will be the first to throw water on the fire. Although Brodie is first to arrive, he finds Connor\'s young pal, Swipes McGurk , sitting on a barrel placed over the fire hydrant preventing Brodie from using it first. Connors arrives and the rival fire fighters brawl as the fire reduces the building to a smoldering ruin, presumably incinerating the crowd of Chinese trapped inside who had been screaming for help at the window. Brodie vows revenge on Connors, leading to a $500 bet that a fighter, whom Brodie calls "The Masked Marvel," can beat "Bloody Butch" a prizefighter managed by Conners. Conners accepts, and the "Marvel" knocks out Bloody Butch with one punch. After the fight, the "Marvel" is revealed to be John L. Sullivan . Connors meets a homeless girl named Lucy Calhoun  and takes her to his apartment, where he lives with Swipes, and lets her spend the night. In the morning, he is pleasantly surprised , to find that Lucy has cleaned up the place and cooked breakfast. Swipes later locks Lucy in a closet and, when Connors finds her, spanks him. Humiliated, Swipes packs and leaves. That night, Brodie invites Swipes to move in with him, which he does. Finding out about Lucy, Brodie attempts to seduce her, thinking that she is Connors\' mistress. She bites his hand, drawing blood, and after learning her identity, he apologizes and asks if he can call on her. They soon fall in love, and Brodie reveals his ambition to run a saloon bigger than Connors\'. When two brewers offer to sponsor him if he can bring his name into prominence, Brodie decides to jump off the Brooklyn Bridge as a stunt. Connors bets his saloon against a free burial that Brodie won\'t survive. Scheming to avoid actually jumping, Brodie gets a life-sized dummy made up to look like him and arranges for Swipes to throw it off the bridge at the time of the jump. As a crowd of 100,000 gathers at the bridge, Swipes finds the dummy missing. Swipes observes, in dialogue that sounds eerily current to the modern ear, "They were hip to us so they copped it." Despite Swipes\'s pleas, and left without any other option, Brodie vows to make the jump anyway, so that no one can say he didn\'t take a dare. Meanwhile, temperance activist Carrie Nation and her band of women arrive at Connors\' saloon to tear it down with axes and hatchets. When he sees Brodie lifted in a parade after making the jump, however, Connors encourages the acivists to destroy the saloon, which they do. Brodie re-opens the refurbished saloon, and when war is declared against Spain, Connors enlists in an effort to get away from the Bowery, where he is no longer a big shot. When he returns to his apartment to pack, he finds that Swipes has returned, and learns that Brodie in fact did not jump from the bridge, and shows him the dummy. Connors demands Brodie give his saloon back. Brodie denies using the dummy, and the two have a long fight on a barge in the East River to settle their differences. After Connors returns victorious, he is arrested for assault and battery with intent to kill. Brodie, however, refuses to implicate him. As Brodie recovers, Connors visits his hospital only to begin another fight, but Swipes stops them and urges them to become friends. After they shake hands, Connors dares Brodie to join him in Cuba. At a parade for departing soldiers, Connors tells Lucy to kiss Brodie goodbye, and after she does, she also kisses Connors. The men lament not being able to say goodbye to Swipes, but they soon see, to their delight, that he is hiding in an artillery box on the supply wagon just ahead of them.'] ["The film is set in the 19th Century in Paris. A mad scientist, Dr. Mirakle , abducts young virgin women and injects them with ape blood, in order to create a mate for his talking sideshow ape Erik . Young Pierre Dupin, a young naive medical student and detective ([[Leon Ames , his fiancee Camille L'Espanaye , and their friends Paul  and his girl Mignette  visit carnival sideshows, including Mirakle's sideshow where he exhibits Erik. Both master and servant are enchanted by Camille, whom Mirakle plans to become Erik's mate. He invites her to come and take a closer look at Erik, who grabs Camille's bonnet. Dupin tries to get it back, when Erik tries to strangle him. Mirakle backs him off and offers Camille to replace the bonnet. But Camille is reluctant and suspicious to give the doctor her address, so, when they leave, Mirakle orders his servant Janos  to follow her.  One of Mirakle's victims, a prostitute, is found dead in a river , and is fished out and taken to the police station. Dupin wants to examine the girl's blood, but the morgue keeper  won't allow. A bribe convinces him to draw some of the blood himself and deliver it to Dupin the next day. Dupin discovers in the blood a foreign substance, also found in the blood of other victims. Mirakle visits Camille and asks her to visit Erik again, but when she refuses, he sends Erik to kidnap her. Dupin happens to be passing out of the flat, hears her screams, and tries to enter the room but it is locked. The police arrive when the ape has already retreated and Dupin is arrested. Neither Madame L'Espanaye  nor her daughter are found. The police prefect  interviews three witnesses: Italian Alberto Montani , German Franz Odenheimer  and a Dane . All of them state that they had heard Camille screaming and also someone else talking in a strange language . Camille's mother is found dead, stuffed in the chimney  and her hand clutching ape fur. Dupin points out from the fur that Erik himself may be involved. The police, along with Dupin, run to Mirakle's hideout. Before they arrive, Erik turns against his master and strangles him. He grabs Camille when the police arrive and they chase him. The police shoot Janos in the back when he tries to keep them at bay. Erik, pursued, is cornered on the roof of a small dockside house. He confronts Dupin, who shoots the animal dead and eventually saves his fiancee from the peril."] ['Sensitive, club-footed artist Philip Carey is an Englishman who has been studying painting in Paris for four years. His art teacher tells him his work lacks talent, so he returns to London to become a medical doctor, but his moodiness and chronic self-doubt make it difficult for him to keep up in his schoolwork. Philip falls passionately in love with vulgar tearoom waitress Mildred Rogers, even though she is disdainful of his club-foot and his obvious interest in her. Although he is attracted to the anemic and pale-faced woman, she is manipulative and cruel toward him when he asks her out. Her constant response to his romantic invitations is "I don\'t mind," an expression so uninterested that it infuriates him – which only causes her to use it all the more. His daydreams about her  cause him to be distracted from his studies, and he fails his medical examinations. When Philip proposes to her, Mildred declines, telling him she will be marrying a loutish salesman Emil Miller instead. The self-centered Mildred vindictively berates Philip with nasty insults for becoming romantically interested in her. Philip begins to forget Mildred when he falls in love with Norah, an attractive and considerate romance writer working under a male pseudonym. She slowly cures him of his painful addiction to Mildred. But just when it appears that Philip is finding happiness, Mildred returns, pregnant and claiming that Emil has abandoned her. Philip provides an apartment for her, arranges to take care of her financially, and breaks off his relationship with Norah. Norah and Philip admit how bondages exist between people . Philip\'s intention is to marry Mildred after her child is born, but a bored and restless Mildred is an uninterested mother, and gives up the baby\'s care to a nurse. At a dinner party celebrating their engagement, one of Philip\'s medical student friends, Harry Griffiths, flirts with Mildred, who somewhat reciprocates. After Philip confronts Mildred, she runs off with Griffiths for Paris. A second time, Philip again finds some comfort in his studies, and with Sally Athelny, the tender-hearted daughter of one of his elderly patients in a charity hospital. The Athelny family is caring and affectionate, and they take Philip into their home. Once again, Mildred returns with her baby, this time expressing remorse for deserting him. Philip cannot resist rescuing her and helping her to recover from another failed relationship. Things take a turn for the worse when Mildred moves in, spitefully wrecks his apartment and destroys his paintings and books, and burns the securities and bonds he was given by an uncle to finance his tuition. Philip is forced to quit medical school, but before he leaves the institution, an operation corrects his club foot. The Athelnys take Philip in when he is unable to find work and is locked out of his flat, and he takes a job with Sally\'s father as a window dresser. As time progresses, a letter is sent to Philip which informs him that his uncle has died, leaving a small inheritance. With the inheritance money, Philip is able to return to medical school and pass his examinations to become a qualified doctor. Later, Philip meets up with Mildred, now sick, destitute, and working as a prostitute. Mildred\'s baby has died, and she has become distraught and sick with tuberculosis. Before he can visit her again, she dies in a hospital charity ward. With Mildred\'s death, Philip is finally freed of his obsession, and he makes plans to marry Sally.'] ['Thematically, this marked an attempt by DeMille to return to the boudoir comedies genre that had brought him financial success about ten years earlier.Gregory D. Black; Hollywood Censored: Morality Codes, Catholics, and the Movies; Cambridge University Press, New York, 1994; p. 57 Angela Brooks  discovers that her husband Bob ([[Reginald Denny  is cheating on her with another woman, Trixie . Learning that her husband intends to go to a costume ball on a moored dirigible in New York City, Angela disguises herself and attempts to "vamp" her husband. During the ball there are a number of exotic musical numbers. A thunderstorm causes the dirigible to break apart and everyone is forced to parachute into the reservoir in Central Park.'] [" In 48 BC, Cleopatra vies with her brother Ptolemy for control of Egypt. Pothinos  kidnaps her and Apollodorus  and strands them in the desert. When Pithinos informs Julius Caesar that the queen has fled the country, Caesar is ready to sign an agreement with Ptolemy when Apollodorus appears, bearing a gift carpet for the Roman. When Apollodorus unrolls it, Cleopatra emerges. She soon beguiles Caesar with the prospect of the riches of not only Egypt, but also India. Later, when they are seemingly alone, she spots a sandal peeking out from underneath a curtain and thrusts a spear into the hidden Pothinos, foiling his assassination attempt. Caesar eventually returns to Rome with Cleopatra. Cassius , Casca , Brutus  and other powerful Romans become disgruntled, rightly suspecting that he intends to abolish the Roman Republic and make himself emperor, with Cleopatra as his empress . Ignoring the forebodings of Calpurnia, Cleopatra, and a soothsayer  who warns him about the Ides of March, Caesar goes to announce his intentions to the Senate. Before he can do so, he is assassinated. Cleopatra is heartbroken at the news. At first, she wants to go to him, but Apollodorus tells her that Caesar did not love her, only her power and wealth, and that Egypt needs her. They return home. Bitter rivals Marc Antony and Octavian  are named co-rulers of Rome. Antony, disdainful of women, invites Cleopatra to meet with him in Tarsus, intending to bring her back to Rome as a captive. She, however, soon bewitches him. King Herod  visits the lovers. He informs Cleopatra privately that Rome and Octavian can be appeased if Antony were to be poisoned. Herod also tells Antony the same thing. Antony laughs off his suggestion, but a reluctant Cleopatra, reminded of her duty to Egypt by Apollodorus, tests a poison on a condemned murderer . Before Antony can drink the fatal wine, however, they receive news that Octavian has declared war. Antony sends orders to his generals and legions to gather, but his close friend Enobarbus  informs him that they have all deserted out of loyalty to Rome. Enobarbus tells his comrade that he can wrest control of Rome away from Octavian by having Cleopatra killed, but Antony refuses to consider it. He fights on with the Egyptian army, but is defeated. Octavian and his soldiers besiege Antony and Cleopatra. Antony is mocked when he offers to fight them one by one. Without his knowledge, Cleopatra opens the gate and offers to cede Egypt in return for Antony's life in exile, but Octavian turns her down. Meanwhile, Antony believes that she has deserted him for his rival, and stabs himself. When Cleopatra returns, she is heartbroken to find him dying. They reconcile before he perishes. Then, with the gate breached, she kills herself with a poisonous snake."] ['A boat, which was en route to Apia, is temporarily stranded on the South Pacific island village of Pago Pago due to a possible cholera outbreak on board. Among the passengers are Alfred Davidson, a self-righteous missionary, his wife, and Sadie Thompson, a prostitute. Thompson passes the time partying and drinking with the American Marines stationed on the island. Sergeant Tim O\'Hara, nicknamed by Sadie as "Handsome", falls in love with her.  Her wild behavior soon becomes more than the Davidsons can stand and Mr. Davidson confronts Sadie, resolving to save her soul. When she dismisses his offer, Davidson has the Governor order her deported to San Francisco, California, where she is wanted for an unspecified crime . She begs Davidson to allow her to remain on the island a few more days; her plan is to flee to Sydney, Australia. During a heated argument with Davidson, she apparently experiences a sudden religious conversion and agrees to return to San Francisco and the jail sentence that is waiting for her there. The evening before she is to leave, Sergeant O\'Hara asks Sadie to marry him and offers to hide her until the Sydney boat sails, but she refuses. Later, while native drums beat, the repressed Davidson succumbs to his lust and rapes her. The next morning, he is found dead on the ocean shore&nbsp;– a suicide. Disillusioned by the hypocritical betrayal by Davidson, Thompson switches back to her old self and goes off to Sydney with O\'Hara to start a new life.'] ["The film begins with Tarzan and Jane Parker living in the Jungle. Harry Holt, with business partner Martin Arlington, meet up with them on their way to take ivory from an elephant burial ground. Holt tries to convince Jane, who was with him on his first trip to the jungle, to return with him by bringing her gifts from civilization including clothing and modern gadgets but she tells them she would rather stay with Tarzan. When Tarzan learns that the two men wish to loot the elephant's graveyard, he will have nothing to do with it; so Martin shoots an elephant so it can act as an instinctive guide. Only Jane's intervention keeps Tarzan from murdering Martin. But Martin's attempt to remove the ivory is thwarted when Tarzan appears with a herd of elephants. Martin feigns repentance, and promises to leave the next day without the ivory. Early the next morning, Martin attempts to kill Tarzan, and Jane thinking him dead, decides to return to civilization. Meanwhile, Cheeta and his ape friends nurse Tarzan back to health in time for him to stop the men who shot him. But they are attacked by lion men, who summon lions to help them kill the members of the safari. Both Martin and Holt are killed, and Jane is in danger from lions. Then, Tarzan and an army of apes and elephants arrive in time to rout both the lion men and the lions, after which they return the ivory to the elephants' graveyard."] ['Marian Martin  is a factory girl living with her mother in a grimy railroad town. Factory boy Al Manning hopes to marry her, but Marian is determined to find a better life. When a train makes a stop in town, Marian looks through the windows and sees the wealthy passengers. She then makes the acquaintance of Wally Stuart, a New Yorker who gives her champagne and writes down his address, telling her to look him up if she ever makes it to New York. Marian, now tipsy from the champagne, happily returns home. Giggling, she tells Al and her mother that she was drinking down by the railroad tracks. Al, who was waiting for her and accuses her of being drunk, spots the piece of paper containing Wally\'s address in Marian\'s hand, grabs it from her, and tears it up. He then tells Marian that her actions are inappropriate and that she\'s staying with him. Marian lashes out, telling Al and her mother that no one owns her and that her life belongs to herself. She grabs the torn paper shreds up from the floor and pastes them back together, then leaves for New York City. There, she looks up Wally who gives her some advice on meeting and keeping wealthy men, which Marian uses to begin a relationship with his friend Mark Whitney , a divorced attorney. She eventually becomes Mark\'s mistress and he provides her with a complete make-over, educating her in the arts and culture of his social set. Three years pass and the two entertain with brio and style. Marian and Mark fall in love. When Mark decides to run for gubernatorial office, however, friends caution him that his relationship with Marian is a serious liability. To cover their relationship, she has changed her name to "Mrs. Moreland" and poses as a wealthy divorcee. Some time later, Al, now running a prosperous cement business, comes to the city hoping to land a big contract. He sees Marian and asks her to marry him, but she refuses. When she overhears Mark talking with some politicians, she realizes that he now plans to marry her, despite the fact that their relationship would cause a scandal. She pretends not to love Mark and says that she is going to marry Al instead. A political rival soon leaks her true identity and Marian is forced to defend herself at one of Mark\'s election rallies. As the crowd rumbles, Marian steps up from the audience and tells them that Mark has always been an honorable man, who once belonged to her, but now belongs to them. The crowd cheers as she leaves, sobbing. Outside, Mark catches up to her and tells her that from now on they will be together no matter what. Mark legitimizes their relationship by proposing marriage.'] ["This drama features a romance between two different teenagers: a young atheist girl, Judith Craig, and the male head of a Christian youth organization, Bob Hathaway. The two leaders and their groups attack each other, starting a riot that kills a young girl. Followed by a goofy boy, Bozo, the three are thrown into a juvenile prison with a cruel head guard and bad living conditions. The film maker makes a point of talking about the truth of prison cruelty in the middle of the movie. Bob, who is in love with Judy, eventually rescues her and takes shelter in an old farm where Judy, breathtaken by the romance and beauty of the forest, realizes there must be a God. They are found and taken back to prison and held in solitary confinement until a fire breaks out. Mame is Judy's new friend who is trying to get her out before she burns. But the rest of the prison girls escape. Bob, who is trusting in God to help them, finally rescues Judy with the help of Mame and Bozo; they also rescue the cruel head guard who pleads for his life and, as he is dying, sets them free for their kind act and rescue. At the very end, Bozo and Mame seem to end up together while Bob and Judy and their rekindled faith ride off together as the movie ends."] ['Shipwrecked traveler Edward Parker  is rescued by a freighter delivering animals to an isolated South Seas island owned by Dr. Moreau . When Parker objects to the freighter\'s captain ([[Stanley Fields  mistreating M\'ling , an odd looking passenger, the captain tosses Parker overboard into Montgomery  and Moreau\'s boat. Moreau offers Parker the hospitality of his home and introduces him to Lota , a beautiful, gentle girl who seems a bit simple. When the two hear screams coming from a locked room, which Lota calls the house of pain, Parker investigates. He sees Moreau and Montgomery operating on a person without anesthetic. Convinced that Moreau is engaged in sadistic vivisection, Parker tries to leave, only to encounter brutish-looking men emerging from the jungle. Moreau appears, cracks his whip, and orders the one known as the Sayer of the Law  to repeat the rule against violence. Afterward, the strange men disperse. Back in the main house, the doctor corrects Parker\'s mistaken impression. Moreau explains that he started experimenting in London many years previously, accelerating the evolution of plants. He eventually graduated to animals, trying to transform them into people through "plastic surgery, blood transfusions, gland extracts, and ray baths". He would still be working in England on his "bio-anthropological research" if a dog had not escaped from his laboratory and so horrified the people that he was forced to leave. He reveals that Lota is the sole woman on the island, but hides the fact that she is derived from a panther. Later in private, he expresses his excitement to his assistant, Montgomery, that Lota is becoming more human in her emotions due to her attraction to Parker. To keep Parker around to continue the process, Moreau sees to it that the boat that was to take Parker away is destroyed and places the blame on his beast-men.  As Parker spends time with Lota, she falls in love with him. Eventually the two kiss, but Parker is stricken with guilt, as he has a fiancee, Ruth Thomas . When Lota hugs him, Parker feels pain from her three-inch-long claw-like nails. In a fit of rage, he storms into the office of Dr. Moreau and tells him that he considers it criminal to turn panthers into women. Dr. Moreau calmly explains that Lota is his most perfect creation, and he wanted to see if she was capable of falling in love with a man and bearing human-like children. Parker punches Moreau and orders him to make arrangements for him to leave the island as soon as possible. When Moreau discovers that Parker found out about Lota\'s nature because she is starting to revert to her panther origin, he despairs, believing he has failed – until he notices Lota crying. His hopes are raised and he screams that he will burn out all the animal in her in the house of pain. In the meantime, the American consul ([[George Irving  at Apia, Parker\'s destination, learns where Parker is from the cowed freighter captain. Ruth persuades Captain Donahue ([[Paul Hurst  to take her to Moreau\'s island. She is reunited with Parker, but as it is late, Moreau persuades them that it is too dangerous to return immediately to Donahue\'s ship. They reluctantly agree to stay the night. Ouran, one of Moreau\'s creations, tries to break into Ruth\'s room. Fortunately, she wakes up and screams for help. Donahue then offers to try to reach the ship and fetch his crew. Moreau, seeing him depart, dispatches Ouran to strangle him. This has an unforeseen effect, however. The beast-men no longer feel bound by Moreau\'s laws, as he has himself broken one of them. Moreau tries to regain control with his whip, but to no avail; in desperation, he demands of them, "What is the law?" But their common response is, "Law no more!!!" With that, they drag the doctor into his house of pain, where they stab him to death with his own surgical instruments. With help from the fed-up Montgomery, Parker and Ruth make their escape. Parker insists on taking Lota with them. When Lota sees Ouran following, she waits in ambush. In the ensuing struggle, both are killed. The others leave, as the island goes up in flames.'] ['Megan Davis  comes to China to marry a missionary ([[Gavin Gordon  and help in his work. During the Chinese Civil War, Davis and her fiancé enter the war zone to rescue orphans. They become separated at a railway station, and rendered unconscious, and Davis is rescued/kidnapped by warlord General Yen . Davis awakes in Yen\'s summer palace. From her window, she witnesses a mass execution, ordered by General Yen. She becomes greatly upset. Yen becomes infatuated with Davis, and knowing that she is believed to be dead, keeps her in the palace. Davis finds herself subconsciously attracted to her captor . Davis meets Yen\'s financial adviser, American self-styled renegade Jones , the general\'s concubine, Mah-Li , and his aide, Captain Li . Jones discovers that Mah-Li has been spying for the enemy. Yen sentences her to death. Davis pleads with him to spare her. Yen realizes that Mah-Li will not change her ways, but sees this as an opportunity to "convert a missionary". He dismisses Davis\' appeal to the Christian ideal of forgiveness as empty words, but accepts Davis\'s offer to serve as a hostage against the future conduct of Mah-Li, against Jones\' advice. When Mah-Li and Captain Li betray the location of the general\'s money to the enemy, his army deserts him. Realizing that she has destroyed Yen, Davis goes to him willingly, as Yen prepares to drink poisoned tea.'] ["The story focuses on several days in a critical juncture in the life of George Simon, who rose from his humble roots in a poor Jewish ghetto on the Lower East Side of Manhattan to become a shrewd, highly successful attorney. Earlier in his career, he allowed a guilty client to perjure himself on the witness stand because he believed the man could be rehabilitated if freed. Rival lawyer Francis Clark Baird has learned about the incident and is threatening to expose George, which will lead to his disbarment. The possibility of a public scandal horrifies his socialite wife Cora, who plans to flee to Europe with Roy Darwin. Devastated by his wife's infidelity, George is about to leap from the window of his office in the Empire State Building when his secretary Regina, who is in love with him, comes to his rescue."] ['In New York harbor, Carl Denham ([[Robert Armstrong , a fierce independent film director famous for shooting animal pictures in remote and exotic locations, has recruited a bunch of macho seamen, but is unable to hire an actress for his newest project. His usual agent, Charles Weston refuses to supply anyone because of the dangerous nature of the expedition, so Carl goes wandering in the streets of New York searching for a suitable girl. He chances upon starving unemployed Ann Darrow  and tries to convince her to join him on the adventure of a lifetime, offering her the lead in his project. Although Ann is apprehensive, she has nothing to lose and agrees. They set sail aboard the Venture, a tramp steamer, and travel for weeks in the direction of Indonesia, where Denham claims they will be shooting. Despite his ongoing declarations that women have no place on board ships, the ship\'s first mate, Jack Driscoll  is obviously becoming attracted to Ann. Denham informs Driscoll he has enough trouble without the complications of a seagoing love affair. Driscoll sneers at the suggestion, reminding Denham of his toughness in past adventures. Denham\'s reply outlines the theme of the movie he is making: "The Beast was a tough guy too. He could lick the world, but when he saw Beauty, she got him. He went soft. He forgot his wisdom and the little fellas licked him." After maintaining secrecy for weeks, Denham finally tells Driscoll and Captain Englehorn  that they\'re searching for an uncharted island shown on a map in Denham\'s possession. Denham then describes something monstrous connected to the island, a legendary entity known to the islanders only as "Kong". As the Venture creeps through the fog surrounding the island, the crew hears drums in the distance. Arriving at the island\'s shore, they see a native village on a peninsula, cut off from the bulk of the island by an enormous stone wall. A landing party, including the filming crew and Ann, goes ashore and encounters the natives, who are about to hand over a girl to Kong as a ritual sacrifice. The native chief spots them, getting a clear look at Ann, and proposes to swap six native women for her. Denham delicately declines as he and his party edge away from the scene, assuring the chief that they will return tomorrow to get better acquainted. However, later that night, a stealthy contingent of natives captures Ann, takes her back to the wall, where she is presented to Kong in an elaborate ceremony, leaving her tied to columns behind the wall. Soon after, Kong emerges through the trees and is revealed to be a giant gorilla, who carries off Ann deep into the jungle. The Venture crew returns to the village and open the huge gate on the wall; half of the crew then go after Kong in hopes of rescuing Ann from his clutches. While venturing through the dense jungles, the crew discover that not only does Kong live on the island, but also prehistoric dinosaurs that have somehow escaped extinction and have continued to evolve throughout the centuries such as enraged Stegosaurus, a territorial Brontosaurus, a Snake-like Plesiosaurus and a hungry Tyrannosaurus Rex who tries to eat Ann, but Kong fights and eventually defeats it. Jack, after braving through the many obstacles the island has to offer, rescues Ann and takes her back to the village, but Kong chases after them, breaks through the large door in the wall and rampages through the village, killing many natives. Denham hurls gas bombs at Kong, knocking him out, whereupon he exults in the opportunity presented: "We\'re millionaires, boys! I\'ll share it with all of you! Why, in a few months, his name will be up in lights on Broadway! Kong! The Eighth Wonder of the World!" The next scene shows those last words in lights on a theater marquee. Along with hundreds of curious New Yorkers, Denham, Driscoll and Ann are dressed in evening wear for the gala event. The curtain lifts, and Denham presents a subdued and shackled Kong to the stunned audience. All goes well until photographers, using the blinding flashbulbs of the era, begin snapping shots of Ann and Jack, who is now her fiancé. Under the impression that the flashbulbs are attacking Ann, Kong breaks free of his bonds and escapes from the theater as the screaming audience flees. He rampages through city streets, destroying an elevated train and killing several citizens. He looks into windows, his glaring eyes looming in the windows of the wrecked elevated train Kong sees Ann in an upper floor hotel room, he reaches in the window, grabs her, and carries her to the top of the Empire State Building. He gets into a battle with a squadron of military airplanes and despite taking one of them down is wounded by gunfire and falls to his death. Ann is reunited with Driscoll. Below on the street, Denham makes his way through the gathered crowd to look upon the fallen Kong. A police lieutenant says to him "Well Denham, the airplanes got him." The film ends with Carl Denham\'s famous reply, "Oh, no, it wasn\'t the airplanes...it was Beauty killed the Beast."'] ["The story takes place in 1849. John Boles plays Captain Stanton, a young Army scout who kills an officer in self-defense and escapes. He heads out West to California as part of the Gold Rush, opens a gambling hall in San Francisco, and falls in love with Virginia, the daughter of his former commander, played by Vivienne Segal. Some members of the military eventually find him, leading Boles to make a hard decision. Joe E. Brown, in the part of Hasty, Boles' doomed sidekick, provided the comedy for the film."] ["O'Brien plays an Irish mine worker, Barney Slaney. Slarney is learning engineering from his father so that he can fulfill the wishes of his dead mother. Later Barney gets a job as a fireman on the local train for an engineer named Mileaway. He gets married, but finds his wife having sex with Grover Perkins, a childhood nemesis. Barney loses control and kills them both. He turns himself in and receives a life sentence. Barney quickly finds out that the brother of the man he killed will be in charge of his chain gang, and the brother bullies him repeatedly. While the prisoners dig graves, Barney knocks Ed unconscious and drops him into one. Barney then escapes during a prison riot, in which the warden is killed. He breaks out of the police dragnet, and hides at a farm which recently had a pestilence infection. He meets a woman named Lorraine, and they run away together."] ['Sergeant James Allen  returns to civilian life after World War I but his war experience makes him restless. His family feels he should be grateful for a tedious job as an office clerk, and when he announces that he wants to become an engineer, they react with outrage. He leaves home to find work on any sort of project, but unskilled labor is plentiful and it\'s hard for him to find a job. Wandering and sinking into poverty, he accidentally becomes caught up in a robbery and is sentenced to ten years on a brutal Southern chain gang. He escapes and makes his way to Chicago, where he becomes a success in the construction business. He becomes involved with the proprietor of his boardinghouse, Marie Woods , who discovers his secret and blackmails him into an unhappy marriage. He then meets and falls in love with Helen . When he asks his wife for a divorce, she betrays him to the authorities. He is offered a pardon if he will turn himself in; Allen accepts, only to find that it was just a ruse. He escapes once again. In the end, Allen visits Helen in the shadows on the street and tells her he is leaving forever. She asks, "Can\'t you tell me where you\'re going? Will you write? Do you need any money?" James repeatedly shakes his head in answer as he backs away. Finally Helen says, "But you must, Jim. How do you live?" In the film\'s final line and shot James, unseen in the darkness, replies, "I steal." The line is among the most famous closing lines in American film.O\'Connor 25 LeRoy later claimed that the idea for James\' retreat into darkness came to him when a fuse blew on the set, but in fact it was written into the script.O\'Connor, John E. "Introduction: Warners Finds Its Social Conscience." I Am a Fugitive From a Chain Gang. Ed. John E. O\'Connor University of Wisconsin Press, 2005. p. 36.'] ["Janie Barlow  is a young dancer who is reduced to stripping in a burlesque show. Arrested for indecent exposure, she's bailed out by millionaire playboy Tod Newton , who was attracted to her while slumming at the theatre with his society pals. When she tries to get a part in a Broadway musical, Tod intercedes with director Patch Gallagher  to get her the job: he'll put his money into the show, if Janie is given a part in the chorus. Even though he needs the money, Patch is resistant, until he sees Janie dance and realizes her talent. When, after hard work and perseverance, Janie is elevated to the star's part &ndash; replacing Vivian Warner  &ndash; Tod is afraid he'll lose any chance of gaining her affection if she becomes a star, so he closes the show, and Janie, out of work, goes away with him. Patch starts rehearsals up again using his own money, and when Janie returns and finds out the Tod has deceived her and manipulated things behind the scenes, she dumps him and joins up with her new sweetheart, Patch, to put on the show, which is a smash hit."] ["Unable to find work in London at the height of World War I, American chorus girl Myra Deauville resorts to prostitution to support herself. She meets her clients on Waterloo Bridge, the primary entry point into the city for soldiers on leave. During an air raid, she meets fellow American Roy Cronin, a member of the Canadian Army, and he joins Myra in her apartment. Describing herself simply as an unemployed chorus girl, Myra gains Roy's sympathy, and he offers to pay her overdue rent. After she rejects his offer and he departs, Myra returns to the streets. The following morning, Roy returns to visit her, and landlady Mrs. Hobley lets him into her apartment. There he meets Myra's friend and neighbor Kitty, who tells him Myra needs someone to love and protect her. Myra later berates Kitty for interfering and rejects her advice to marry Roy to ensure a better future for herself. Roy brings Myra to visit his mother Mary and sister Janet at their country estate, where he proposes to Myra, who later that night tells Mary the truth about herself. Mary is sympathetic but implores Myra not to marry Roy. The following morning, Myra slips away and returns to London by train. Eventually Roy visits her and asks her to explain her abrupt departure. Because he is on the verge of returning to the battlefields in France, he begs Myra to marry him immediately. She agrees, but escapes from her apartment through a window while he waits for her in the hallway. Seeking the rent, Mrs. Hobley enters and, believing Myra has run off to avoid her financial obligation, reveals her true profession to Roy. Although shocked, Roy searches for Myra and eventually finds her on Waterloo Bridge, where he tells her he still loves and wants to marry her. The military police insist Roy join a truck of departing soldiers or be considered a deserter, and once he secures Myra's promises to marry him upon his return, he departs. The air raid sirens sound, and as Myra seeks shelter, she is killed by a bomb."] ['Doctor Otternschlag , a disfigured veteran of World War I and a permanent resident of the Grand Hotel in Berlin, wryly observes, "People come and go. Nothing ever happens," after which a great deal transpires. Baron Felix von Geigern , who squandered his fortune and supports himself as a card player and occasional jewel thief, befriends Otto Kringelein , a meek accountant who, having discovered he is dying, has decided to spend his remaining days in the lap of luxury. Kringelein\'s former employer, industrialist General Director Preysing , is at the hotel to close an important deal, and he hires stenographer Flaemmchen  to assist him. She aspires to be an actress and shows Preysing some magazine photos for which she posed, implying she is willing to offer him more than typing if he is willing to help advance her career. Another guest is Russian ballerina Grusinskaya , whose career is on the wane. She is high strung and seemingly on the verge of a breakdown and utters the famous line "I want to be alone." When the Baron is in her room to steal her jewelry and she returns from the theatre, he hides in her room and overhears her as she talks to herself in despair about wanting to end it all, holding a vial of medication in her hand. He comes out of hiding and engages her in conversation, and Grusinskaya finds herself attracted to him. The following morning, a repentant Baron returns Grusinskaya\'s jewels, but she is able to forgive his crime. Instead, she invites him to accompany her to Vienna, an offer he accepts. The Baron joins Kringelein and Flaemmchen at the hotel bar, and she cajoles the ailing man into dancing with her. Preysing interrupts them and imperiously demands she join him. Irritated by his former employer\'s coarse behavior, Kringelein - who is aware of Preysing\'s many swindles - tells him what he thinks of him. Surprised by his uncharacteristic audacity, Preysing attacks Kringelein and the two men must be separated. The Baron is desperate for money to pay his way out of the criminal group he had been working with. He and Kringelein decide to get a card game going, and Kringelein wins everything, and then becomes intoxicated. When he drops his wallet, the Baron locates and quietly stashes it in his jacket pocket, intending to keep the winnings for himself. However, after Kringelein begins to frantically search for his lost belongings, the Baron - who desperately needs the money but has become very fond of Kringelein - pretends to have suddenly discovered the wallet and returns it to him.  As part of a current desperate merger plan, Preysing must travel to London, and he asks Flaemmchen to accompany him. Later, when the two are in her room, which opens on to his, Preysing sees the shadow of the Baron rifling through his belongings. He confronts the Baron; the two struggle, and Preysing bludgeons the Baron with the telephone, killing him. Flaemmchen comes in and sees what happened and tells Kringelein, who confronts Preysing. He insists he acted in self-defense, but Kringelein summons the police and Preysing is arrested. Grusinskaya departs for the train station, fully expecting to find the Baron waiting for her there. Meanwhile, Kringelein offers to take care of Flaemmchen, who suggests they go to Paris and seek a cure for his illness. As they leave the hotel, Doctor Otternschlag once again observes, "Grand Hotel. People come and go. Nothing ever happens."'] ["Joan Gordon  is a torch singer, who has been performing on Broadway since age 15, who runs away from her high profile gangster boyfriend Eddie Fields , in order to marry Don Leslie , a first-class citizen who can provide Joan with a secure future. However, Don's father has done a check-up on her past, and finds out about her relationship with Eddie. When Don dumps her, she decides to run away from town, rather than returning to Eddie. In Montreal, she changes her name and starts working as a performer. Sometime later, one of Eddie's men recognizes her, and informs his boss. Aware that she cannot stay in Montreal forever, Joan trades places with her hotel's maid , who had used her picture when corresponding with a struggling North Dakota farmer in the height of the Great Depression. Offering the bride a large sum of money in exchange for the farmer's address, Joan becomes a mail-order bride to the farmer, Jim Gilson . Their relationship has a rocky start, when at the first night, a put off Joan rejects Jim's attempts to make love with her and suggests that they sleep apart. The next morning, she tries to apologize for her behavior, but Jim is not interested in hearing an apology. Joan, who over the while falls in love with him, tries to win his affection, though Jim remains unmoved by any of her actions. Meanwhile, he is informed that he will lose his land if he does not make profit anytime soon. Even though he is certain that he has developed great wheat seed that can save him from a downfall, he has to convince fellow farmer Bull McDowell , who has offered to buy his land in exchange for Joan's company. Despite never having showed affection for Joan, he is unhappy with another man thriving her attention, and starts a fight with him. Sometime later, Joan drives out to an old woman who is giving birth. By this time, Joan has already broken with her city-girl image and slowly progressed into a farmer's wife. She helps the old woman and her adolescent daughter , and then races through a snow storm to return to her husband. There, she is informed by Jim that he has taken in a man who was injured during the storm. She finds out that the man is no other than Eddie. She initially pretends not to know him, but Eddie quickly tries to take her with him, triggering Eddie's suspicion. Realizing that his wife's past is a big lie, Jim concludes that Joan is worthless and suggests her to leave with Eddie. Joan however, refuses to leave him and even goes as far as asking Eddie for a loan to save Jim's land. Through the loan, Jim is allowed to pay of his debts until after the harvest. Joan continues to stand at his side, but Jim is unable to forgive her. Meanwhile, Bull has set the farm on fire, and Joan and Jim finally reconcile when Joan gets injured due to the fire. Together, they put out the fire, after which Jim finally admits that he loves her."] ["After lightweight prizefighter Kid Mason  loses his opening fight, golddigging wife Rose  leaves him for Hollywood. Without her around, Mason trains seriously and starts winning. Naturally, Rose returns and worms her way back into his life, despite the misgivings of manager George Regan . Eventually, she cons Mason into dumping Regan and replacing him with her secret lover Lewis , even though he has almost no experience in the fight game. To make matters worse, Mason's high living and neglect of his training threatens his latest title defense."] ["As they are emerging from the church following their wedding, Count Adrian Beltrami and Countess Anna-Marie learn Austrian hussars, led by Colonel Vultow, are approaching the town to stifle a rebellion by aristocratic insurgents. At the behest of his bride, Adrian flees the castle, but he asks Tangy, a silhouette cutter, to impersonate him and protect Anna-Marie. When Adrian returns in disguise, he is introduced to Vultow as a singer and silhouette cutter, and when the count demands he create a silhouette, he enlists Tangy's aid. The deception is discovered, and Vultow sentences Adrian to death by a firing squad unless Anna-Marie submits to his sexual demands. Eager to save her husband, Anna-Marie shows a portrait of her great-grandmother to Vultow and explains why the woman is wearing only an ermine cloak. Her ancestor once killed a man to protect her honor, and the countess fears she will be forced to do the same. The painting comes to life and Anna-Marie's great-grandmother steps down from the frame and embraces Vultow, now drunk on champagne. He falls asleep and dreams Anna-Marie willingly gives herself to him, and when he awakens, he orders Adrian to be freed in the mistaken belief Anna-Marie is now his. When he realizes this is not the case, he departs, and the count and countess are reunited."] ['Gilda Karlson  is a New Orleans prostitute. She is accused of murdering Piet Van Saal , the man responsible for ending her life as a secretary and leading her into prostitution. Her old boyfriend, sailor Carl Erickson ([[Donald Cook , smuggles her to safety on Tortuga, an island in the Caribbean from which she cannot be extradited. On the island, Gilda and Carl get "married" without a clergyman to officiate, and she swears to be faithful to him. After Carl leaves on his ship, Gilda finds herself to be the only white woman in a hotel full of international criminals, all of whom try to seduce her. Especially persistent is Bruno , the island\'s executioner, who steals the money that Carl sends her, with the hope that she will think that Carl has abandoned her. Van Saal arrives on the island, having ditched his wife, on the lam with the life insurance money he collected after his "death". Bruno gives Gilda a gun to protect herself. When Van Saal attacks her, she kills him. She is put on trial and is about to be acquitted by a sympathetic jury, when Bruno tells her that he will have her arrested for possessing an illegal firearm unless she has sex with him. To foil Bruno\'s trap, Gilda gives a false confession at her trial, preferring to die rather than to break her vow to Carl. She is convicted and sent to the gallows.TCM Synopsis "Full synopsis"Wollstein, Hans J. "Plot synopsis" on Allmovie.com"How Low Can You Go?" at TCM Movie Morlocks'] ['When the film opens, U.S. President Judson C. \'Judd\' Hammond  is variously described as "a Hoover-like partisan hack"<ref name16 Instructor Biography: Dennis Grunes], Portland State University Dennis Grunes calls "possible divine intervention,"Dennis Grunes, "Gabriel Over the White House," grunes.wordpress.com Hammond  President Hammond makes "a political U-turn," The reborn Hammond\'s policies include "suspension of civil rights and the imposition of martial law by presidential fiat."<ref namehttp://www.dvdsavant.com/s3054gabr.html |titleGlenn Erickson |datedvdsavant.com |publisher21 August 2010}} He "tramples on civil liberties,"{{cite book}} "revokes the Constitution, becomes a reigning dictator," and employs "brown-shirted storm troopers" after which the accused are immediately lined up against a wall behind the courthouse and "executedAlter, 6 By threatening world war with America’s newest and most deadly secret weapon, Hammond then blackmails the world into disarmament, ushering in global peace.{{cite web |urlAn Interview with Louis Pizzitola, author of Hearst Over Hollywood |authorApril 20, 2005 |workInternational Committee of the Fourth International |accessdate"Gabriel Over the White House"/> "bringing peace to the country and the world," The Library of Congress comments: {{cquote}}'] ['Ted , Jerry , Paul  and Dorothy  are part of the New York in-crowd. Jerry\'s decision to marry Ted crushes Paul. He gets drunk and is involved in an accident that leaves Dorothy\'s face disfigured. Out of pity, Paul marries Dorothy. Ted and Jerry have been married three years when she discovers he had a brief affair with another woman — and when she confronts him on their third anniversary, he tells her it didn\'t "mean a thing". Lonely and upset, and with Ted out on a business trip, Jerry has an affair with his best friend, Don. She shares the truth with Ted upon his return, withholding Don\'s name, and they argue ending with Ted leaving her and the couple filing for a divorce. While Jerry turns to partying to drown her sorrows, Ted becomes an alcoholic. Paul and Jerry run into each other and she discovers he still loves her and is willing to leave Dorothy to be with her. It is only after she meets Dorothy that Jerry is forced to evaluate her decision. Norma Shearer won the Academy Award for Best Actress. Also starring in the film are Robert Montgomery, Conrad Nagel, and Florence Eldridge.'] [' In the North African town of Biskra, headstrong Lady Diana Mayo  refuses a marriage proposal because she believes it would be the end of her independence. Against her brother\'s wishes, she is planning a month-long trip into the desert escorted only by natives. When Diana goes to the local casino, she is informed it has been appropriated for the evening by an important Sheik, and that none but Arabs may enter. Annoyed at being told what she cannot do, and her curiosity piqued, Diana borrows an Arab dancer\'s costume and sneaks in. Inside, she finds men gambling for new wives. When she is selected to be the next prize, she resists. Sheik Ahmed Ben Hassan  intervenes, then realizes she is white. Amused, he sends her away. Afterward, Mustapha Ali  informs the Sheik she is the woman he has been hired to guide tomorrow. The Sheik hatches a plan. Early the next morning, he sneaks into her room and tampers with the bullets in her revolver as she is sleeping.  As her brother leaves her to her desert excursion, she assures him he will see her in London next month. The Sheik and his men come upon Diana riding alone. She tries to flee while shooting at the Sheik, but he easily captures her. Back at his encampment, he orders her about. She is unused to such treatment, but the Sheik tells her she will learn and demands she dress like a woman  for dinner. Diana tries again to escape, this time into a raging sand storm. The Sheik saves her from certain death, and tells her she will learn to love him. Later, he finds Diana alone in her quarters weeping. The Sheik considers forcing himself upon her, but decides against it. After a week, the Sheik is delighted by the news that his close friend from his days in Paris  is coming for a visit. Diana is dismayed at the thought of being seen in Arab dress by a Westerner, but the Sheik does not understand her shame. When she is introduced to writer and doctor Raoul St. Hubert , Diana\'s spirit is nearly broken. He befriends her and reprimands the Sheik for his callous treatment of her. The Sheik returns her Western clothing, though he refuses to release her. When Raoul is called away to tend to an injured man, Diana shows concern that it might be the Sheik. Seeing this from hiding, the Sheik is elated that she may be warming up to him at last. He gives Diana her gun back, telling her he trusts her. Diana is allowed to go into the desert under the watchful eye of the Sheik\'s French valet Gaston . She escapes. Making her way across the sands, she spots a caravan, unaware that it belongs to the bandit Omair ([[Walter Long . Fortunately, the Sheik and his men reach her first. The Sheik reveals to Raoul he is in love with Diana. His friend convinces him to let her go. Meanwhile, Diana is allowed out once more. She playfully writes "I love you Ahmed" in the sand. Then Omair\'s band captures her, killing her guards and leaving the wounded Gaston for dead. When the Sheik goes looking for Diana, he sees her message, then learns from Gaston who has abducted her. He gathers his men to attack Omair\'s stronghold. Omair tries to force himself on Diana, but is almost stabbed by one of his women. Then the Sheik and his men sweep in. After a long fight, the Sheik kills Omair, but is himself gravely injured. Raoul tends to him and tells Diana he has a chance. She sits and holds the Sheik\'s hand. When she remarks that his hand is big for an Arab, Raoul reveals that the Sheik is not one. His father was British and his mother Spanish. They died in the desert, and their child was rescued and raised by the old Sheik. When the old man died, Ahmed returned to rule the tribe. When Ahmed wakes up, Diana confesses her love.'] ['The plot involves the romances of musical comedy stars, set against the backstage hubbub of a Broadway revue. Anita Page and Bessie Love play a vaudeville sister act who have come to New York for their big break on Broadway. Charles King plays the song-and-dance man whose affection for one sister  is supplanted by his growing love for the younger, more beautiful sister . Queenie tries to protect her sister and derail the love triangle by dating a wealthy but unscrupulous "stage door Johnny." The movie opens with Eddie Kearns debuting “The Broadway Melody.” He tells some chorus girls he’s brought the Mahoney Sisters to New York to perform it with him in Francis Zanfield’s latest revue. Hank and Queenie Mahoney are awaiting Eddie’s arrival at their apartment. Hank, the older sister, prides herself on her business sense and talent while Queenie is lauded for her beauty. Hank is confident they will make it big while Queenie is less eager to put everything on the line to be stars. Their Uncle Jed arrives to tell them he’s gotten them a job with a 30-week traveling show. Hank tells him they’re not interested but he says he’ll give them time to think it over. Eddie, who is engaged to Hank, arrives and sees Queenie for the first time since she was a girl and is instantly taken with her. He tells them to come to rehearsal for Zanfield’s revue to present their act. Zanfield isn’t interested in it but says he might have a use for Queenie, who begs him to give Hank a part as well. She also convinces him to pretend Hank’s business skills won him over. Eddie witnesses this exchange and becomes even more enamored of Queenie for her devotion to her sister. During dress rehearsal for the revue Zanfield says the pacing is too slow for “The Broadway Melody” and cuts Hank and Queenie from the number. Meanwhile, another girl is injured after falling off a prop and Queenie is selected to replace her. Nearly everyone is captivated by Queenie, particularly notorious playboy Jacques “Jock” Warriner. While Jock begins to woo Queenie, Hank is upset that Queenie is building her success on her looks rather than her talent. Over the next couple weeks Queenie spends a lot of time with Jock, of which Hank and Eddie fervently disapprove. They forbid her to see him, which results in Queenie pushing them away and deterioration of the relationship between the sisters. Queenie is only with Jock to fight growing feelings for Eddie, but Hank thinks she’s setting herself up to be hurt. Eventually, Eddie and Queenie confess their love for each other but Queenie, unwilling to break her sister’s heart, runs off to Jock once again. Hank, after witnessing Queenie’s fierce outburst toward Eddie and his devastated reaction to it, finally realizes they are in love. She berates Eddie for letting Queenie run away and tells him to go after her. She claims to never have loved him and that she’d only been using him to advance her career. After he leaves she breaks down and alternates between sobs and hysterical laughter. She composes herself enough to call Uncle Jed to accept the job with the 30-week show. There’s a raucous party at the apartment Jock had recently purchased for Queenie but he insists they spend time alone. When she resists his advances he says it’s the least she could do after all he’s done for her. He begins to get physical but Eddie bursts in and attempts to fight Jock, who knocks him through the door with one punch. Queenie runs to Eddie and leaves Jock and the party behind. Sometime later, Hank and Uncle Jed await the arrival of Queenie and Eddie from their honeymoon. The relationship between the sisters is on the mend but there is obvious discomfort between Hank and Eddie. Queenie announces she’s through with show business and will settle down in their new house on Long Island. She insists that Hank lives with them when her job is over. After Hank leaves with her new partner and Uncle Jed, Queenie laments the fact that her sister hasn’t found the happiness she deserves. The final scene is of a distraught Hank on her way to the train station.'] ['Sir Denis Nayland Smith  of the British Secret Service warns Egyptologist Sir Lionel Barton  that he must beat Fu Manchu in the race to find the tomb of Genghis Khan. The power-mad Fu Manchu  intends to use the sword and mask to proclaim himself the reincarnation of the legendary conqueror and inflame the peoples of Asia and the Middle East into a war to wipe out the "white race". Sir Lionel is kidnapped soon afterward and taken to Fu Manchu. Fu Manchu tries bribing his captive, even offering his own daughter, Fah Lo See . When that fails, Barton suffers the "torture of the bell"  in an unsuccessful attempt to get him to reveal the location of the tomb. Barton\'s daughter Sheila  insists on taking her father\'s place on the expedition, as she knows where the tomb is. She finds the tomb and its treasures with the help of her fiance Terrence "Terry" Granville , Von Berg , and McLeod . Nayland Smith joins them soon afterward. McLeod is killed by Fu Manchu\'s men during a robbery attempt. When that fails, an emissary offers to trade Barton for the priceless artifacts. Despite Terry\'s misgivings, Sheila persuades him to take the relics to Fu Manchu without Smith\'s knowledge. However, when Fu Manchu tests the sword, he determines that it is a fake . Terry is whipped under the supervision of Fah Lo See, who is attracted to him. Meanwhile, Fu Manchu has Barton\'s corpse delivered to Sheila. When Nayland tries to rescue Terry, he is taken captive as well. Terry is injected with a serum that makes him temporarily obedient to Fu Manchu and he is released. He tells Sheila and Von Berg that Nayland Smith wants them to bring the sword and mask to him. Sheila senses something is wrong, but Von Berg digs up the real relics, and they follow Terry into a trap. Captured by Fu Manchu, the party is sentenced to death or enslavement, but not before Sheila manages to bring Terry back to his senses. Sheila is to become a human sacrifice, Nayland Smith is to be lowered into a crocodile pit, and Von Berg placed between two sets of metal spikes inching toward each other. Terry is prepared for another dose of the serum, which will make him a permanent slave of the whims of Fu Manchu\'s daughter. However, Nayland Smith manages to free himself, Terry, and Von Berg. Using one of Fu Manchu\'s own weapons—a death ray that shoots an electric current—the men incapacitate the arch-villain as he raises the sword to execute Sheila. When Fu Manchu drops the sword, Terry picks it up and hacks him to death. While Terry frees Sheila and carries her away, Nayland Smith and Von Berg incinerate Fu Manchu\'s followers using the same weapon. Safely aboard a ship bound for England, Nayland Smith tosses the sword over the side so that the world will be safe from any future Fu Manchu.'] ["Kurt Anderson is the utterly ruthless, hard-driving general manager of the Monroe department store. When new clothing supplier Garfinkle tells him that part of the large first order will be delayed three days because of labor trouble, Anderson cancels it all and tells his secretary to sue for damages. Garfinkle is ruined, but Anderson does not care in the least. Late that night, Anderson finds Madeline Walters hiding in the store. Broke and unemployed, she is going to apply to work at Monroe's first thing in the morning. When she finds out who he is, she lets him take advantage of her to ensure she gets a job as a model in the clothing department. With the Great Depression cutting into the store's business, Anderson demands new ideas from his department heads. When Martin West comes up with an innovative idea, Higgins, the longtime head of men's clothing does not approve, but Anderson is impressed. He promptly tells Martin to go ahead, and fires Higgins. Seeing promise in West, Anderson makes him his assistant. He tells his new protégé that he must devote himself completely to business and nothing else if he is to get ahead; he asks if Martin is married, and is relieved when the answer is no. However, Martin and Madeleine fall in love. He tells her that he cannot marry her until his position is more secure, but, on an impulse, does so anyway, though he keeps it a secret. This puts a strain on their relationship. Anderson believes all women are after only one thing - financial security. He doubles employee Polly Dale's salary to keep his nominal overseer, Denton Ross, occupied, leaving him a free hand to manage the store any way he sees fit. Meanwhile, Higgins tries repeatedly to see Anderson to try to get his job back. Eventually Higgins gives up and commits suicide, jumping out of the ninth floor of the store. Martin is dismayed when Anderson is completely unperturbed by the news. The Wests quarrel at a company party. Anderson finds a vulnerable Madeleine alone and gets her drunk. When she decides to leave, he invites her to rest for a while and clear her head in his hotel suite. Once again, he takes advantage of the situation to spend the night with her. The next day, Madeleine insists that he leave her alone. During their heated conversation, she lets slip that she is married to Martin. After she quits and threatens to take her husband with her, Anderson tries to get Polly to seduce Martin, but she refuses. Then he has Martin eavesdrop on the intercom while he summons Madeleine to his office. Martin learns of the times Madeleine slept with Anderson. When Madeleine tries  to kill herself, a furious Martin confronts and threatens to kill his boss. Anderson, facing his own dismissal by cautious bankers afraid of his ambitious plans, dares him to do it, even providing a gun. Martin shoots, but only inflicts a minor wound. When employees dash in, Anderson acts as if nothing had happened. Martin quits. Ross manages to contact the store's frequently absent owner, Commodore Franklin Monroe, and gets his proxy just in time for the vote of the board of directors. Anderson keeps his job. He promptly promotes Garfinkle, embittered and now just as ruthless, to be his new assistant."] ["While en route to Paris via train, commercial artist Gilda Farrell meets artist George Curtis and playwright Thomas Chambers, fellow Americans who share an apartment in the French capital. Gilda works for advertising executive Max Plunkett, who has had no success in his efforts to engage her in a romantic relationship. Tom and George each realizes the other is in love with Gilda, and although they agree to forget her, they cannot resist her when she comes to visit. Unable to choose between the two, she proposes she live with them as a friend, muse, and critic with the understanding they will not have sex. Gilda arranges for a producer to read Tom's play and he goes to London to oversee the staging of his work. During his absence, Gilda and George become involved romantically, much to Tom's consternation. One night at the theatre he meets Max, who tells him George has become highly successful. Tom returns to Paris and discovers George has vacated their apartment and moved into a penthouse with Gilda. George is in Nice painting a portrait, and Gilda and Tom rekindle their affair. George returns and, realizing his former roommate and current lover have been trysting while he was away, orders the two to get out. Gilda decides to end the men's rivalry by marrying Max in Manhattan, but is so upset when she receives potted plants from her former beaux she fails to consummate the marriage. When Max hosts a party for his advertising clients, Tom and George crash the event and hide in Gilda's bedroom. Max finds the three laughing on the bed and orders the men out, and a brawl ensues, prompting all the guests to depart. Gilda announces she is leaving her husband, and she, Tom, and George decide to return to Paris and their unusual living arrangement."] ["Offering a view of English life from New Year's Eve 1899 through New Year's Day 1933, the film is presented from the point of view of well-to-do London residents Jane and Robert Marryot. Several historical events serve as background for the film, including the Second Boer War, the death of Queen Victoria, the sinking of the Titanic, and World War I."] ['Alison Drake  is the hard-driving, no-nonsense, wealthy owner and head of a large automobile company. Her work has caused her to lose her youthful romanticism, and she has casual affairs with men, including her own employees. Alison hosts a party at her mansion, but becomes fed up with the men out to either sell her things or marry her for her money. She changes her clothes and goes to an amusement park, where she picks up a man at a shooting gallery. They have fun together, but he refuses her offer to go home with him. The next day, they meet again at her factory. To her astonishment, he turns out to be Jim Thorne , a gifted engineer she has ordered her underlings to hire away from her competition. Saying that she has no time now, Alison has him come to her mansion that night, supposedly to discuss his plans for the company in detail. She attempts to seduce him, but he rejects her as anything other than his employer. Annoyed, she turns to her assistant, Pettigew , for advice. He tells her that men want women who are softer and less independent, so she adjusts her tactics. She tricks Jim into a picnic and wears him down. In the end, he succumbs to her charms. The next day, he shows up at her office with a marriage license, but she informs him that she likes their relationship just the way it is. Outraged, he quits. Alison has another problem on her hands. Her company needs more financing to survive, but another firm is intent on taking advantage of the situation to take over and has gotten the local banks to turn her down. She sets up an appointment to meet with bankers in New York City, but then breaks down when she realizes that she cannot live without Jim. She has the police track down which way he went and drives off after him. She eventually finds him  and tells him that she is willing to get married. Then, he realizes that they can fly to New York in time to save her company. Even so, she tells him that he will run the firm, while she has nine children.'] ["The film tells the story of Dr. Henry Jekyll , a kind English doctor in Victorian London who is certain that within each man lurks impulses for both good and evil. One evening Jekyll attends a party at the home of his fiancee Muriel Carew , the daughter of Brigadier General Sir Danvers Carew . After the other guests have left, Jekyll informs Sir Danvers that, after speaking to Muriel, he wants Carew's permission to push up their wedding date. Sir Danvers sternly refuses Jekyll's request. Later, while walking home with his colleague, Dr. John Lanyon , Jekyll spots a bar singer, Ivy Pearson , being attacked by a man outside her boarding house. Jekyll drives the man away and carries Ivy up to her room to attend to her. Ivy begins flirting with Jekyll and feigning injury, but Jekyll fights temptation and leaves with Lanyon. Muriel and Sir Danvers leave London for a few months. In the meantime, Jekyll develops a drug to release the evil side in himself, thus becoming the violent Mr. Hyde. Hyde returns to the music hall where Ivy works, and offers to tend to her financial needs in return for her company. She reluctantly agrees and the two move in together. Hyde terrorizes Ivy, being both abusive and controlling. However, when Hyde finds that Muriel and her father are returning to London, he leaves her for a while. On advice from her landlady Mrs. Hawkins , Ivy goes to see Dr. Jekyll, hoping that he can free her of the abusive Hyde. When she arrives, Ivy sees that the celebrated Dr. Jekyll was the same man who saved her from abuse just months before. She breaks down in tears over her situation with Hyde and Jekyll promises Ivy that she will never have to worry about Hyde again. While on his way to a party at the Carews' home to celebrate their return and the announcement of a new wedding date to Muriel, Jekyll, without the use of his drugs, suddenly changes into Hyde. Ivy, who thought she was free of Hyde forever, is terrified when Hyde appears before her. Hyde angrily confronts her about seeing Jekyll and, just before murdering her, reveals that he and Jekyll are one and the same. Hyde escapes and heads back to Jekyll's house but his servant Poole refuses to open the door. Desperate, Hyde writes a letter to Lanyon from Jekyll instructing Lanyon to get certain chemicals and have them waiting for him at Lanyon's home. When Hyde arrives, Lanyon pulls a gun on him and demands that Hyde take him to Jekyll. Hyde tells Lanyon that Jekyll is safe, but Lanyon doesn't believe him and refuses to let him leave. Realizing there is not much time, Hyde drinks the formula in front of Lanyon. Lanyon is shocked to witness the transformation and tells his friend that he has practically damned his soul for tampering with the laws of God. With Ivy's murder, Sir Danvers' anger towards him for missing the party, and Hyde's persona beginning to dominate his own, Henry Jekyll's life continues to spiral out of control. He later goes to the Carews' where Sir Danvers coldly rejects his visit but Muriel welcomes him. Jekyll tells Muriel that he must break up with her and begins to leave. Standing out on the terrace and tearfully watching Muriel cry, Jekyll begins to change into Hyde once again. He then reenters the Carew house through the terrace door and assaults Muriel. Her screams bring her father and their butler, Hobson. Hyde then viciously murders Sir Danvers out in the garden by striking him repeatedly with Jekyll's cane until it breaks, then runs off into the night towards Jekyll's home and the lab to mix a new formula to change himself back. At the Carew home, the police and Lanyon are standing over Carew's body in the garden. Recognizing the broken cane found next to the body, Lanyon tells them that he knows whose cane that is and agrees to take them to its owner. The police later arrive at Jekyll's lab looking for Hyde and find only Jekyll, who lies that Hyde has escaped. They begin to leave when Lanyon arrives and tells them that Jekyll is the man they're searching for . Just then a nervous Jekyll begins changing into Hyde before their shocked eyes. Outraged at Lanyon for betraying him, Hyde leaps from behind the table and attacks him. Hyde then tries to escape from the police but is fatally shot before he can again hurt Lanyon, and Hyde transforms one last time back into Henry Jekyll."] ['Rich and beautiful Helen King is about to marry Steve Carlyle, a wealthy young professional. Unknown to Helen and her family, Steve is a legal advisor to a megalomaniac gangster Goldie Gorio. Steve wishes to leave the rackets but Goldie reintroduces him to his future father-in-law, a rival gangster where both parties see the marriage as a symbol of peace and an end of violence in their transactions. Steve remains with Goldie and fills in for him to a visit to a rival gangsters boat where he is ambushed and nearly killed by their machine gun. Helen vows revenge on Goldie.'] ["Heiress Billie Brown, , is engaged to marry her longtime sweetheart, budding diplomat, Gil Jordan, . When Billie goes to see senior diplomat, Glenn Abbott, , about ensuring that Gil get a favorable assignment, Billie and Glenn are undeniably attracted to one another. Gil is likewise attracted to Kentucky Strafford, , Billie's houseguest, who becomes pregnant by Gil. Gil finds that he loves Kentucky, but marries Billie instead. Once Gil finds that Billie really loves Glenn and Billie finds that Gil loves Kentucky, their marriage is annulled and both are paired up with the people they truly love."] ['The movie begins with 7 American students traveling in Germany. They stop at a pond and see 6 girls  bathing. The girls see the students and attempt to conceal themselves . One of the girls, Helen , ask them to go away, to which one of the guys, Ned , respond by saying no. The movie then shifts to years later, showing a mother showering a boy, telling him to hurry since his Dad is coming home soon. We then see a man entering a doctor\'s office, offering to sell his body. This turns out to be Ned, who is an American chemist poisoned with Radium, expecting to die within the year. The doctor tells him that there is a famous German doctor who has had success treating radiation poison and recommends Ned to travel to Germany. The mother and the boy turn out to be Ned\'s wife and son. Before bed time, the son, Johnny, asks his mother and Ned to tell him the "Germany story." The story is a combination of dialogue between the mother and Ned, beginning with Ned telling Johnny about his travel in Germany as a student and his encounter of "six beautiful princesses at a pond," one of whom told Ned that she will grant him a wish if he leaves. Ned wished to see her again, and that very night, Ned went to the local theater, spotting the "princess" on the stage. Johnny then asks his mother what the princess thought of Ned, to which she respond that she wanted to see him again. After the show, Ned asked "the princess" for a walk, and while under a tree, embraced her. The "princess" turns out to be Helen, whom Ned marries after his real-life encounter with her. Johnny then falls asleep, and Ned and Helen discuss the possibility of having Ned travel to Germany for treatment. It is very evident that Ned loves Helen and wishes not to leave her, and at the same time, the entire treatment and travel are very expensive, to which the couple couldn\'t find ways to finance. Helen then thinks of the idea of "going on stage" again. Although Ned were absolutely against that idea, Helen went along anyway, hoping to find ways to help her husband. Helen finds work at a night club and turns out to be a great singer, attracting great attention in her first performance . Within the audience is Nick Townsend , a millionaire and an attractive young man. Nick is evidently interested in Helen, and after the show, went back stage to meet her, finding out about her family troubles and offering her $300 on the spot. When Helen returns home, she lied to Ned about how she got the money, instead saying that the producer "paid her in advance." She then asks if Ned "loves her," to which Ned replies, "Do I love you? Oh you poor thing" then embraces her. The next day, Johnny and Helen see Ned off to Germany at the docks. Nick picks up Helen, to her irritation. Nick then promises to give her all the money Ned needs for his treatment, thereby sparing her from working again. To escape her producer , Helen begins to live with Nick, eventually developing feelings for him. She is unable to resist neither money nor beauty, and thus finally admits that she loves Nick, not Ned. Yet she tells Nick that she must go back to Ned, since he needs her more than Nick does. Before Ned is to return, she goes on a two week trip with Nick, believing that it\'s their last moments together. Ned, however, returns a week early, finding his home empty and begins to chase down clues, ultimately finding out that his wife has been cheating on him with Nick. Helen comes back from her trip with Nick and bids him farewell . She returns home, shockingly discovers that Ned is already there. Ned confronts her her infidelity and asks her to bring him Johnny, since Johnny is "all I\'ve got." She refuses and grabs Johnny and escapes, living on the run and trying to avoid Ned, who reports their escape to the police, who have since been tracking her. Eventually, Helen realizes that life on the run is not right for Johnny and agrees to give him to Ned. Ned asks her to never see him or Johnny again. After a dramatic breakdown after her separation with Johnny, Helen begins to officially sing in cabarets, making a successful career that eventually brought her to Paris. In a fateful performance, she runs into Nick, who continues to profess his feelings for Helen. Nick knows that Helen loves Johnny and wishes to see him again. He offers to take her back to the U.S., and the two return engaged. Helen comes home and sees her son, Johnny, who is still unaware of his mother\'s infidelity and her engagement to Nick. Johnny asks his mother to tell him the "Germany story" again, since Ned had refused to tell it because he "has forgotten it." Johnny then proceeds to tell the story himself, asking his parents to verify. He begins by asking Ned if he was in Germany as a student and if he saw a pond with "6 beautiful princesses," to which Ned responds, "I was sentimental and foolish back then." But through this forced dialogue with Johnny telling the story, Ned and Helen begin to realize what their separation means for Johnny, who still lives in his own world in which his parents are together. Helen then sings to Johnny the song that she sang before he sleeps every night . During the song, both Helen and Ned realizes that this home is where they both belong, and the movie ends with their embrace.'] ['The plot revolves around the convention of the Honeywell Rubber Company in Atlantic City. Throughout the film, the employees of Honeywell Rubber are mainly concerned with drinking and sex. President J.B. Honeywell ([[Grant Mitchell  is to choose a new company salesmanager. T.R. Kent  and George Ellerbe  are two salesmen who both want the job. However, they both get into trouble: T.R. is discredited when a jealous saleswoman Arlene Dale  interferes with his attempted seduction of J.B.\'s daughter and George attempts to seduce Nancy Lorraine . The position of salesmanager is bestowed upon a drunken employee as a bribe after he catches J.B. about to visit "Daisy La Rue, Exterminator"."Cinema: Lowell v. Block Booking", TIME, January 1, 1934.'] ["Lora Hart  applies for a job as a trainee nurse in a hospital, but is rejected by Miss Dillon  for not having graduated from high school. Fortunately, a chance encounter with the hospital's chief of staff, Dr. Arthur Bell , in an uncooperative revolving door gets that requirement waived. Lora's roommate and fellow nurse, Miss Maloney , becomes her best friend. One day, Lora treats bootlegger Mortie  for a gunshot wound and earns his gratitude by letting herself be persuaded not to report it to the police as required by law. He also admires the pretty young nurse. After she passes her training, Lora is hired for private duty, looking after two sick children, Desney and Nanny Ritchie  at the mansion of their alcoholic socialite mother , where there is always a party going on. When a drunk guest tries to molest her, Nick the brutish chauffeur  knocks him out. Then, when she turns down his demand that she pump out the stomach of a very drunk Mrs. Ritchie, he knocks Lora out and removes her to her room. Lora becomes alarmed by the treatment prescribed by Dr. Milton Ranger  for the children, because she sees that they are being slowly starved to death, but she is unable to get anybody to take her seriously. She quits and takes her suspicions to Dr. Bell. He is initially reluctant to interfere with another doctor's patients, but eventually advises her to return to her job so she can gather evidence. She manages to persuade Dr. Ranger to take her back. Finally, Nanny Ritchie becomes so weak, Lora fears for her life and tries unsuccessfully get Mrs. Ritchie to show any concern. By chance, Mortie is making a delivery of booze to the perpetual party at the mansion. Desperate, Lora sends Mortie for milk for a bath for the child, a folk remedy recommended by the frightened housekeeper, Mrs. Maxwell . Maxwell gets drunk and confides to Lora her suspicion that Nick and Dr. Ranger are working to murder the children in order to get at their trust fund. Mrs. Ritchie is in love with Nick, and he plans to marry her. After being threatened by Mortie, Dr. Bell shows up and examines the little girl. However, when Bell tries to get the child to the hospital, Nick punches him. Mortie stops Nick from interfering further, and the child's life is saved by an emergency blood transfusion provided by Lora. The next day, Mortie gives Lora a lift in his car. To allay her worries, he informs her that he told some of his friends that he didn't like Nick. Elsewhere, an ambulance brings a body dressed in a chauffeur's uniform to the hospital's morgue."] ["Budapest bar entertainer Zara is a discontented alcoholic who is pursued by many men but lives with novelist Carl Salter. A strange man called Tony shows up on Salter's estate claiming that Zara is actually Maria, the wife of his close friend Bruno. Maria, Tony claims, had her memory destroyed during a World War I invasion 10 years ago. Zara doesn't remember but leaves with Tony to Salter's dismay. Bruno, now an officer in the Italian Army, tries to coax Maria's memory back on his large estate. No one is really sure if Zara is Maria, and when Salter shows up with a mental case that he claims is the real Maria, everyone on Bruno's estate is desperately searching for the truth."] ['The story is set in New York in the 1890s. A bawdy singer, Lady Lou , works in the Bowery barroom saloon of her boss and benefactor, Gus Jordan , who has given her many diamonds. But Lou is a lady with more men friends than anyone might imagine. What she does not know is that Gus trafficks in prostitution and runs a counterfeiting ring to help finance her expensive diamonds. He also sends young women to San Francisco to be pickpockets. Gus works with two other crooked entertainer-assistants, Russian Rita  and Rita\'s lover, the suave Sergei Stanieff . One of Gus\'s rivals and former "friend" of Lou\'s, named Dan Flynn ([[David_Landau_, spends most of the movie dropping hints to Lou that Gus is up to no good, promising to look after her once Gus is in jail. Lou leads him on, hinting at times that she will return to him, but eventually he loses patience and implies he\'ll see her jailed if she doesn\'t submit to him. A city mission  is located next door to the bar. Its young director, Captain Cummings , is in reality an undercover Federal agent working to infiltrate and expose the illegal activities in the bar. Gus suspects nothing; he worries only that Cummings will reform his bar and scare away his customers. Lou\'s former boyfriend, Chick Clark , is a vicious criminal who was convicted of robbery and sent to prison for trying to steal diamonds for her. In his absence, she becomes attracted to the handsome young psalm-singing reformer. Warned that Chick thinks she\'s betrayed him, she goes to the prison to try to reassure him. All the inmates greet her warmly and familiarly as she walks down the cellblock. Chick becomes angry and threatens to kill her if she double-crosses or two-times him before he gets out. She lies and claims she has been true to him. Gus gives counterfeit money to Rita and Sergei to spend. Chick escapes from jail, and police search for him in the bar. He comes into Lou\'s room and starts to strangle her, breaking off only because he still loves her and cannot harm her. Lou calms him down by promising that she will go with him when she finishes her next number. After Sergei gives Lou a diamond pin belonging to Rita, Rita starts a fight with Lou, who accidentally stabs her to death. Lou calmly combs the dead woman\'s long hair to hide the fact Rita is dead while the police search the room for Chick Clark. She has her bodyguard Spider , who "would do anything for you, Lou" dispose of Rita\'s body. She then tells Spider to bring Chick, who\'s hiding in an alley, back to her room upstairs. Then, while she sings "Frankie and Johnny", she silently signals to Dan Flynn that he should go to her room to wait for her, even though she knows Chick is in there with a gun. Chick shoots Dan dead and the gunfire draws a police raid. Cummings shows his badge and reveals himself as "The Hawk," a well-known Federal agent, as he arrests Gus and Sergei. Chick, still lurking in Lou\'s room, is about to kill Lou for double-crossing him, when Cummings also apprehends him. Cummings then takes Lou away in an open horse-drawn carriage instead of the paddywagon into which all the other criminals have been loaded. He tells her she doesn\'t belong in jail and removes all her other rings and slips a diamond engagement ring onto her marriage finger. "Where\'d you get that . . . dark and handsome?" Lou asks. "You bad girl", he scolds. "You\'ll find out", she coos.'] ['Spoiled heiress Ellen "Ellie" Andrews  marries fortune-hunter "King" Westley  against the wishes of her extremely wealthy father  who has the marriage annulled. She runs away, boarding a bus to New York City, to reunite with her new spouse, when she meets fellow bus passenger Peter Warne , an out-of-work newspaper reporter. Warne recognizes her and gives her a choice: if she will give him an exclusive on her story, he will help her reunite with Westley. If not, he will tell her father where she is and collect the reward offered for her return. Ellie agrees to the first choice. Soon penniless, Ellie has to rely completely on Peter. As they go through several adventures together, Ellie loses her initial disdain for him and begins to fall in love. When they have to hitchhike, Peter claims to be an expert on the subject. As car after car passes them by, he eventually ends up thumbing his nose at them. The sheltered Ellie then shows him how it\'s done. She stops the next car, driven by Danker , dead in its tracks by lifting up her skirt and showing off a shapely leg.  When they stop for a break, Danker tries to drive off with their luggage. Peter chases him down and takes his car. One night, nearing the end of their journey together, Ellie confesses her love to Peter. Peter mulls over what she has said, decides he loves her too, and leaves to make arrangements after she has fallen asleep. When the owners of the motel in which they are staying notice that Peter\'s car is gone, they roust Ellie out of bed and kick her out. Believing Peter has deserted her, Ellie calls her father, who is so relieved to get her back that he agrees to let her marry Westley. Although Ellie has no desire to be with Westley, she believes Peter has betrayed her for the reward money, so she agrees to have a second, formal wedding. Meanwhile, Peter has obtained money from his editor to marry Ellie, but as he drives back to tell her, they pass each other on the road. Ellie tries to pretend that nothing has happened, but she is unable to fool her father. She finally reveals the whole story . When Peter comes to Ellie\'s home, Mr. Andrews offers him the reward money, but Peter insists on being paid only his expenses: a paltry $39.60. When Ellie\'s father presses him for an explanation of his odd behavior, Peter admits he loves Ellie , then storms out. At the wedding ceremony, as Mr. Andrews walks his daughter down the aisle, he reveals to Ellie Peter\'s refusal of the reward money and quietly encourages her to run off again, telling her that her car is out back for a quick get-away. At the point where she is to say "I do", she makes up her mind. She runs off to find Peter. Her pleased father pays Westley off, enabling Ellie to marry Peter.'] ['Taxi dancer Madeleine McGonegle  attracts the attention of millionaire Paul Vanderkill ([[John Boles , and when she become pregnant, they get married to avoid a scandal. When the baby dies at birth, Madeleine runs away to Mexico, to give Paul the divorce she thinks he wants. There, she meets "Panama Canal" Kelly , an old friend who proposed to her before he went west. Undeterred by her recent past, he asks her again to get married, and she eventually agrees. When Paul discovers where she is, he shows up just as the couple is about to be wed. When Panama overhears Madeleine confess her love to Paul, he bows out of the picture.<ref nameavg&sql70795&category=Full%20Synopsis Full synopsis]Majidi, Cameron Plot summary'] ['James Parker  and Harry Holt ([[Neil Hamilton , in Africa on a quest for the legendary elephant burial grounds , are joined by Parker\'s daughter Jane . Holt, attracted to her, tries somewhat ineffectively to protect her from the jungle\'s dangers, notably failing to prevent her abduction by the jungle\'s guardian, the mysterious Tarzan  and his ape allies. The experience is terrifying to Jane, at first, but as their relationship develops, she finds herself happy: "Not a bit afraid, not a bit sorry". As she returns to her father, her feelings are brought to a test. She wants Tarzan to come with her to London, to be part of her world. But as he heartbroken turns his back, leaving for the jungle, and her father tells her that\'s where Tarzan belongs, she cries: "No dad, he belongs to me". The expedition is captured by a tribe of violent "dwarfs", Jane sends Tarzan\'s ape friend Cheeta ([[Jiggs  for help, bringing Tarzan to their rescue. Jane\'s father dies and she decides to stay in the jungle with Tarzan. In the end-scene, to the music of Tchaikovsky\'s Romeo and Juliet, the happy couple appears on a rock below the heavens, Jane holding Cheeta as a baby.'] [' It is 1932, during the early days of the Depression, and Broadway producers Jones  and Barry  put on Pretty Lady, a musical starring beautiful Dorothy Brock . Brock is involved with industrialist Abner Dillon , who is the show\'s "angel" . But while she is busy keeping Dillon both hooked and at arm\'s length, she still secretly meets her old vaudeville partner and lover, the out-of-work Pat Denning . To ensure success Julian Marsh , who is the best, is hired to direct. But Marsh is ill, destitute, friendless, and bitter as a result of the 1929 Stock Market Crash. "Did you ever try to cash a reputation in a bank?" he asks the producers who are surprised to hear his desperation. Gambling with health and life, Marsh must make his last show a major hit and financial success if he is to have enough money to retire on. "This time I\'m going to sock it away so hard you\'ll have to blast to get it out" he says after signing up to direct, referring to his financial situation. Cast selection and rehearsals begin amidst fierce competition, with not a few "casting couch" innuendos flying around. Naïve newcomer Peggy Sawyer , who arrives in New York from her home in Allentown, Pennsylvania, is duped and ignored until two chorines, Lorraine Fleming  and Ann "Anytime Annie" Lowell , take her under their wing. Lorraine has an "in" with dance director Andy Lee , while the show\'s juvenile lead Billy Lawler  takes a liking to Peggy and puts in a good word for her with Marsh. Rehearsals continue for five weeks to Marsh\'s complete dissatisfaction, until the night before the opening in Philadelphia when Brock fractures her ankle. Next morning Abner Dillon wants Marsh to cast his new interest, Annie Lowell, as the star. Annie decides she is not talented enough but tells Marsh that the untried, green, Peggy Sawyer is. With 200 jobs and his own financial and personal future riding on the outcome, Marsh rehearses Sawyer mercilessly  until an hour before curtain time on the night of the premiere Brock, soon to be married to Pat, arrives and wishes Peggy luck, and the show is on. Nearly twenty minutes are devoted to three Busby Berkeley production numbers: Shuffle Off to Buffalo, Keep Young and Healthy, and the title song 42nd Street. The show is a success, and in the final scene Marsh turns wearily away from the brightly lit theatre entrance and slumps down on a fire escape as theatre-goers depart praising the musical.Filmsite.org 42nd Street In the original Bradford Ropes novel, Julian Marsh and Billy Lawler are lovers. Since this sort of relationship was deemed unacceptable to audiences of the era, an invented romance was created for Billy and Peggy. {{multiple image}}'] ['Sophia Frederica  is the daughter of a minor German prince and an ambitious mother. She is brought to Russia by Count Alexei  at the behest of Empress Elizabeth  to marry her nephew, Grand Duke Peter . The overbearing Elizabeth renames her Catherine and reinforces the demand the new bride issue an heir to the throne. Unhappy in her marriage, Catherine finds solace with the womanizing Alexei, first and foremost a paramour of the much-older Elizabeth. Rebuffed at this discovery, she takes lovers among the Russian Army to court its favor. When the old Empress dies seventeen years into their marriage, Peter ascends to the Russian throne and takes steps against his wife. Soon Catherine plots and exercises a coup, beginning a reign as Empress that will leave her known to history as Catherine the Great.'] ["New York City socialite Letty Lynton has been living in Montevideo, Uruguay and wants to end her affair with Emile Renaul. On a steamship to the United States, Letty sees wealthy American Jerry Darrow and is immediately attracted to him. At dinner, their attraction increases, and after two weeks at sea, they have fallen in love. On Christmas Eve, a worried Letty tells her maid that they must leave the boat in Havana because she doesn't want Jerry to know about her wild past, but when Jerry comes to her room to propose, she accepts. In New York, Letty is shocked to see Emile waiting for her on the dock. Making an excuse to Jerry, she leaves the boat before him and learns from Emile that he flew from South America to see her and plans to take her back with him. After she leaves Emile in the customs office, Letty goes home, accompanied by Jerry, who tells her that they have been invited to the home of his parents in Upstate New York and will leave that night, after Letty tells her mother about the engagement. Letty's mother, Mrs. Lynton, is an embittered woman who shows no affection for Letty, whom she regards as irresponsible. Soon Emile arrives, having read about the engagement in the newspapers, and warns her to meet him in his hotel room that night or he will show Jerry her explicit love letters. Letty is revolted and resolves to commit suicide rather than spend her life with Emile. She calls Jerry to change their departure to the next day, then goes to Emile's hotel, taking a bottle of poison with her. Letty begs for her letters, but he refuses and tells her that their affair will only be over when he says so. While Emile goes to the door to talk to a waiter, Letty puts the poison in her champagne glass, planning to drink it herself. When Emile returns, however, he strikes her, then picks up her glass by mistake and drinks the poison, as Letty mutely watches. Letty then lets him carry her to the bedroom, and waits until he starts to feel the poison's effects. As he dies, she screams that she's glad she did it, even if she hangs. She then cleans up the room and leaves. The next day, soon after Letty and Jerry have arrived at the home of his parents, a detective from New York arrives looking for Letty and demanding that she come with him. Jerry, Mrs. Lynton and Letty's maid accompany her to see District Attorney John J. Haney, who produces the letters and accuses Letty of murder. After she admits that she went to see Emile, Jerry lies by saying that he and Letty spent the night together at his apartment after she left Emile's, and that he knew all about the letters. Mrs. Lynton corroborates Jerry's story by saying that she followed Letty to Jerry's apartment. She also says that she overheard Emile say he would kill himself if Letty did not return to him. Letty's maid, Miranda, also corroborates the story, after which Haney says that the case is closed and Letty is free to go."] ['The basic plot concerns Groucho, as explorer Captain Geoffrey  T. Spaulding, attending a party in his honor at the estate of society matron Mrs. Rittenhouse, and investigating the theft of a valuable painting during the party. The bulk of the movie consists of a succession of comedy sketches, one liner jokes and visual gags.'] ['Joe Anton  is a speakeasy owner who falls in love with socialite Miss Healy . He takes lessons in high-class mannerisms from Mrs. Jellyman . Joe does not know that Miss Healy only pays attention to him because he lives in the fancy apartment that her family lost in the Wall Street Crash of 1929. Joe decides to instead pursue his old flame Iris Dawn  just as Miss Healy begins to genuinely fall in love with him.{{cite web}}'] ['Roy ([[James Hall  and Monte Rutledge  are very different British brothers studying at Oxford together at the onset of World War I. Mild-mannered Roy is in love with and idealizes the apparently demure, but wayward, Helen . Monte, on the other hand, is a free-wheeling womanizer who can\'t refuse any woman\'s advances. A German student by the name of Karl  is best friends to both. After the outbreak of World War I, Karl is recruited into the German Air Force and the two British brothers enlist in the Royal Flying Corps ; Roy, enthusiastically, from a sense of duty and Monte doing so only to get a kiss from a girl at the recruiting station. After their training, Roy finally introduces Monte to Helen, who seduces Monte. Meanwhile, Karl is serving aboard a Zeppelin airship that is flying over London for an attack from high above the clouds. Karl is the bombardier-observer as he is lowered below the clouds in a spy basket, but because of his love for England he directs the Zeppelin over a pond on a farm and bombs that instead. Before his superiors find out, four RFC fighters are summoned, including Roy and Monte, to shoot down the Zeppelin. Unbeknownst to them, the airship commander  decides to sacrifice Karl by cutting the cable that secures his pod in order to obtain more altitude and speed to escape the English aviators. The sacrifice is in vain, as are the suicides of fellow German crewman who lighten the ship in a harrowing decision, by obediently leaping to their deaths "for Kaiser and fatherland". German machine gunners manage to shoot down two aircraft plus Roy and Monte\'s aircraft, which has a deeply unsettling effect on the latter. After his machine guns jammed on him, the last British pilot aloft steers his fighter into the dirigible, killing all aboard in a blazing fireball. Later, in France, Monte is branded a coward for faking illness to avoid combat. Under pressure to prove that he is not a coward, Monte volunteers for a dangerous mission the next morning which will attempt to destroy a vital enemy weapons depot with a captured German bomber, and allow a British brigade a better chance in their attack the next afternoon. If shot down and captured, it is likely that Monte will face a German firing squad as a spy. Roy quickly volunteers to fly the German bomber. Later that night, hours before the raid, Roy discovers Helen in a nightclub in the arms of another officer. When he tries to bring her home, she turns on him aggressively, revealing that she never loved him, that she is, in fact, not the young innocent he believed her to be. Roy is devastated and joins Monte in pursuit of other women. Later, Monte decides not to carry out the mission and stay with a pair of wild girls; however, Roy drags Monte back to the airfield. The raid on the German munitions dump is successful. However, they were spotted by a German fighter squadron. Monte defends the bomber with a machine gun until British fighters arrive, and dogfight ensues. Even though the British dominate the combat, the brothers are shot down and captured. Given the option of a firing squad or treason, Monte\'s cowardice prevails; he succumbs to pressure and decides to betray the British attack in order to save his life. Roy acts in order to protect thousands of British troops who would be harmed by Monte\'s betrayal. Roy convinces Monte that he can affect the betrayal more smoothly, and then tricks the German officer into giving him a pistol to kill Monte as a condition of the betrayal. The general  gives Roy a gun with just one bullet and has him escorted back to his cell. Roy shoots Monte, then cradles his dying brother. In an emotional scene, Monte tells Roy that he did the right thing because British soldiers\' lives will be saved. The German general arrives in time to witness the scene as Monte dies. Roy says that he will tell the Germans nothing. Realizing that he has been tricked, the general has Roy executed. On returning to his office, the German hears the sounds of a massive bombardment. A British attack on the German front lines has successfully begun.'] [' Chester Kent  replaces his failing career as a director of Broadway musicals with a new one as the creator of musical numbers called "prologues", short live stage productions presented in movie theaters before the main feature is shown. He faces pressure from his business partners to constantly create a large number of marketable prologues to service theaters throughout the country, but his job is made harder by a rival who is stealing his ideas, probably with assistance from someone working inside his company. Kent is so overwhemed with work that he doesn\'t that realize his secretary, Nan , has fallen in love with him, and is doing her best to protect him. Kent\'s business partners announce that they have a big deal pending with the Apolinaris theater circuit, but getting the contract depends on Kent impressing Mr. Apolinaris with three spectacular prologues, presented on the same night, one after another at three different theatres. Kent locks himself and his staff in the offices to prevent espionage leaks while they choreograph and rehearse the three production numbers. Kent then stages "Honeymoon Hotel", "By a Waterfall", featuring the famous \'Human Waterfall\', and "Shanghai Lil", featuring Cagney and Ruby Keeler dancing together. {{multiple image}}'] [" Private detective Ted Shane returns to work with his former partner Ames, who is not particularly happy about the situation because his wife Astrid dated Ted before they were wed. Valerie Purvis hires the detectives to locate a man called Farrow, and when both Ames and Farrow are found dead, Shane is suspected of both murders. Shane finds his office and apartment have been ransacked and his secretary Miss Murgatroyd has been locked in a closet by Anthony Travers, who is in search of an 8th century ram's horn rumored to be filled with jewels. Madame Barabbas is also searching for the treasure and sends a gunman to bring Shane to her. Working all sides of the street, Shane makes deals with each of them to find the horn, and eventually winds up in possession of a package allegedly containing it, but it turns out to be full of sand instead of jewels. The police round up all the suspects, but Shane and Valerie escape. He baits her into confessing to Ames's murder and tries to apprehend her for the $10,000 reward, but Valerie thwarts him by allowing a washroom attendant to turn her in to the police instead. Miss Murgatroyd then shows up and claims Shane for her own."] ['{{Plot}} The film opens in a boys\' high school in Germany at the beginning of World War I. The instructor, Kantorek, gives an impassioned speech about the glory of serving in the Army and "saving the Fatherland". Almost to a man, the young men are moved to join the army. The young enlistees are shown in basic training, aching for "action" fighting in the war. Their training officer  tells them to forget everything they know; they are going to become soldiers. Rigorous training diminishes the recruits\' enthusiasm some, but after little more than marching drills, suddenly the boys\' are told they are "going up front". The new soldiers arrive by train at the combat zone, which is mayhem, with soldiers everywhere, incoming shells, horse-drawn wagons racing about, and prolonged rain. One in the group is killed before the new recruits can reach their post, to the alarm of one of the new soldiers . The new soldiers are assigned to a unit composed of older soldiers, who are not exactly accommodating. The young soldiers find that there is no food available at the moment. They have not eaten since breakfast &ndash; but the men they have joined have not had food for two days. One of them  had gone to locate something to eat and he returns with a slaughtered hog. The young soldiers "pay" for their dinner with cigarettes. "For the Fatherland" the young soldiers\' unit is sent out on night duty and they move into position packed into a flat cargo truck. As the driver drops them off at their destination, he tells them, "If there\'s any of you left, there will be someone here to pick you up in the morning." The young recruits watch the truck intensely as it leaves. Katczinsky gives the "schoolboys" some real world instructions, telling them how to deal with incoming shells, "When you see me flop, you flop. Only try to beat me to it." The unit strings up barbed-wire and tries to avoid shells. Flares light up the night sky as the enemy tries to spot them, machine guns hammer and a bombardment begins. Behm is killed by machine gun fire; most of the soldiers keep low in the trenches. Franz Kemmerich runs out to retrieve Behm, but, upon returning to the trench, realizes that he\'s carrying a corpse. He is scolded by Katczinsky for risking his life. When the truck arrives in the morning most of the unit has survived.  Back at the bunker in the trenches, the soldiers play cards and fight off the rats who eat their food and gear. The young soldiers are showing signs of great stress: nightmares, shaking uncontrollably, and screaming about the unrelenting bombs. One recruit  loses control, runs out of the trench and is injured. Some of the soldiers want to leave the trench and attack, but the enemy seems to have superior firepower. When food finally comes, the men have to fight to get their share. Then they are overcome by rats and the soldiers kill the rats with spades. Suddenly there is a break in the bombing and the men are ordered out to fight. A loud rumbling can be heard as the enemy approaches. The soldiers are in trenches with their rifles ready as incoming shells move closer and closer. They can do nothing but wait. The enemy French soldiers come into view, running toward the trenches, but the Germans hold their fire until the enemy is closer. Paul witnesses several soldiers die from shellfire. The Germans use machine gun fire, hand grenades and rifles to mow down the enemy. The enemy suffers great losses, but succeeds in entering the trenches, where hand-to-hand combat with bayonets begins. The Germans retreat to a second line, from where they launch a counterattack. At great cost they enter the French front line, but are unable to hold their position, and are ordered to withdraw to their original positions. The men of Second Company return from the battle and line up for a meal. The cook refuses to feed them because he wants the entire company to arrive. The men explain that this is all that is left of the company &ndash; 80 of the original 150 &ndash; and the cook refuses to give them all the food he has prepared. An argument follows and violence seems imminent when an officer arrives and orders the cook to give all the food to the men The men start out eating greedily, but then settle into a satiated torpor. They hear that they are to return to the front the next day and begin a semi-serious discussion about the causes of the war and of wars in general. They speculate about whether geographical entities offend each other and whether these disagreements involve them. Tjaden speaks familiarly about himself and the Kaiser. They speculate about whether it is the Kaiser or the manufacturers that need the war or whether it is the result of a fever. Katczinsky suggests roping off a field and stripping the kings and their ministers down to their underwear and letting them fight it out with clubs. It is finally decided that they should go see their friend Kemmerich, who was wounded in the battle and is in a dressing station, and bring him his things. Five of the men find Kemmerich in a very bad condition, complaining that his watch was stolen while he was under ether, and that he is in pain in his right foot. Not realizing that Kemmerich did not know, Mueller lets slip that his right leg has been amputated; Kemmerich becomes upset. Kemmerich expresses regret that he would never become a forester and Paul tries to reassure him. Mueller sees Kemmerich\'s boots under the bed and tactlessly asks him for them. Kemmerich asks Paul to give his boots to Mueller and then loses consciousness. Paul tries to summon a doctor, but the doctor and the medic can do nothing. As Kemmerich finally succumbs to his wounds, Paul leaves the dressing station with Kemmerich\'s boots and breaks into a run. Mueller is trying to talk about math to Katczinsky when Paul brings him the boots. Mueller is pleased and says that he will not mind returning to the front in such fine boots. Paul describes how he reacted to Kemmerich\'s death by running and how it made him feel more alive and then hungry. In a sequence of battle scenes, Mueller is wounded and his boots are passed on to another soldier, who is also wounded and presumed killed. One day Corporal Himmelstoss arrives to the front and is immediately spurned because of his bad reputation. In an attack on a cemetery, Paul stabs a French soldier, but finds himself trapped in a hole with the dying man in for an entire night. Throughout the night, he desperately tries to help him, bringing him water, but fails miserably to stop him from dying. He cries bitterly and begs the dead body to speak so he can be forgiven. Later, he returns to the German lines. Then the company have a day off the front line, and soon everyone gets drunk and eats as much as they can. While washing in the river, the men catch the attention of French women who invite them in their house at night. Going back to the front line, Paul is severely wounded and taken to a Catholic hospital, along with his good friend Albert Kropp. Kropp\'s leg is amputated, but he does not find out until some time afterwards. Around this time, Paul is taken to the bandaging ward, from which, according to its reputation, nobody has ever returned alive; but he later returns to the normal rooms triumphantly, only to find Kropp in agony. Earning a furlough, Paul then takes a brief trip back to his home, where he finds his mother is ailing. The people in his town are mindlessly patriotic and ignorant about what is happening at the front. He visits Kantorek, only to find him lecturing another class about the "glory of war." Disgusted, he returns to the front, where only a few men of the Second Company have survived, including an old hand, Tjaden. Paul asks Tjaden about Katczinsky, thinking that he is dead, but Tjaden reveals that Katczinsky is still alive. Paul goes looking for Kat, finds him scrounging for food, to no avail. Kat is wounded in the ankle by a bomb dropped from an airplane. So Paul decides to carry Kat to the field hospital. Enroute, though, the same plane drops another bomb, and the shrapnel from this explosion kills Kat, while Paul, in ignorance, continues to carry him to the field hospital. Paul is grief-stricken. In the final scene, Paul is back on the front lines. He pats each of the young soldiers arms as he and his fellow comrades were patted in the beginning of the movie. He sees a butterfly just beyond his trench. Paul stands up from his crouched position in the trench to get a better look, but becoming too exposed, he is shot and killed by an enemy sniper.'] ['Small-time criminals Caesar Enrico "Rico" Bandello  and his friend Joe Massara  move to Chicago to seek their fortunes. Rico joins the gang of Sam Vettori ([[Stanley Fields , while Joe wants to be a dancer. Olga  becomes his dance partner and girlfriend. Joe tries to drift away from the gang and its activities, but Rico makes him participate in the robbery of the nightclub where he works. Despite orders from underworld overlord "Big Boy"  to all his men to avoid bloodshed, Rico guns down crusading crime commissioner Alvin McClure during the robbery, with Joe as an aghast witness. Rico accuses Sam of becoming soft and seizes control of his organization. Rival boss "Little Arnie" Storch  tries to have Rico killed, but Rico is only grazed. He and his gunmen pay Little Arnie a visit, after which Arnie hastily departs for Detroit. The Big Boy eventually gives Rico control of all of Chicago\'s Northside. Rico becomes concerned that Joe knows too much about him. He warns Joe that he must forget about Olga and join him in a life of crime. Rico threatens to kill both Joe and Olga unless he accedes, but Joe refuses to give in. Olga calls Police Sergeant Flaherty and tells him Joe is ready to talk, just before Rico and his henchman Otero  come calling. Rico finds, to his surprise, that he is unable to take his friend\'s life. When Otero tries to do the job himself, Rico wrestles the gun away from him, though not before Joe is wounded. Hearing the shot, Flaherty and another cop give chase and kill Otero. With the information provided by Joe, Flaherty proceeds to crush Rico\'s organization. Desperate and alone, Rico retreats to the gutter from which he sprang. While hiding in a flophouse, he becomes enraged when he learns that Flaherty has called him a coward in the newspaper. He foolishly telephones the cop to announce he is coming for him. The call is traced, and he is gunned down behind a billboard by Flaherty. Ironically, the billboard shows an advertisement featuring dancers Joe and Olga.'] [" The plot involves a young woman  who wants to be in the Follies, but in the meantime is making ends meet by working at a department store's sheet music department, where she sings the latest hits. She is accompanied on piano by her childhood boyfriend , who is in love with her, despite her single-minded interest in her career. When a vaudeville performer  asks her to join him as his new partner, she sees it as an opportunity to make her dream come true. Upon arriving in New York City, our heroine finds out that her new partner is only interested in sleeping with her and makes this a condition of making her a star. Soon, however, she is discovered by a representative of Ziegfeld."] [' Famous big game hunter and author Bob Rainsford  is the sole survivor of a shipwreck. He swims to a small, lush island. He becomes the guest of the expatriate Russian Count Zaroff , a fellow hunting enthusiast. Zaroff remarks that Rainsford\'s misfortune is not uncommon; in fact, four people from the previous sinking are still staying with him: Eve Trowbridge , her brother Martin ([[Robert Armstrong , and two sailors. That night, Zaroff introduces Rainsford to the Trowbridges and reveals his obsession with hunting. During one of his hunts, a Cape buffalo inflicted a head wound on him. He eventually became bored of the sport, to his great consternation, until he discovered "the most dangerous game" on his island. Rainsford asks if he means tigers, but Zaroff denies it. Later, Eve shares her suspicions of Zaroff\'s intentions with the newcomer. The count took each sailor to see his trophy room, on different days, and both have mysteriously disappeared. She believes their host is responsible, but Bob is unconvinced. Then Martin vanishes as well. In their search for him, Rainsford and Eve end up in Zaroff\'s trophy room, where they find a man\'s head mounted on the wall. Then, Zaroff and his men appear, carrying Martin\'s body. Zaroff expects Rainsford to view the matter like him and is gravely disappointed when Bob calls him a madman. He decides that, as Bob refuses to be a fellow hunter, he must be the next prey. If Rainsford can stay alive until sunrise, Zaroff promises him and Eve their freedom. However, he has never lost the game of what he calls "outdoor chess". Eve decides to go with Rainsford. Eventually, they are trapped by a waterfall. When Rainsford is attacked by a hunting dog, Zaroff shoots and the young man falls into the water. Zaroff takes Eve back to his fortress to enjoy his prize. However, the dog was shot, not Rainsford. Rainsford fights first Zaroff, then his henchmen, killing the henchmen. As Rainsford and Eve speed away in a motor boat, the dying Zaroff tries to shoot them. Unsuccessful, he succumbs to his wounds. He falls out of a window into the pack of his frenzied hunting dogs.'] [' The film centres around a Will-they won\'t-they romance. Wealthy Jack Cromwell from Long Island runs off to New York City on account of his fiancee\'s relentless flirting. He attends an Independence Day block party where Molly Carr, from Yorkville, Manhattan, falls in love with him. Comic relief is provided by grocer Eric Swenson , above whose shop Molly and her flatmate, Bea Nichols , live.The Times, 30 December 1929, New Gallery Cinema "Sunny Side Up" Gaynor performs a charming singing and dancing version of the song "Sunny Side Up" for a crowd of her neighbors, complete with top hat and cane. Later in the film, a lavish pre-Code dance sequence for the song "Turn on the Heat," including scantily clad and gyrating island women enticing bananas on trees to abruptly grow and stiffen, with the graphic metaphor lost on no one, occurs without Gaynor\'s participation. Gaynor and Farrell made almost a dozen films together, including Frank Borzage\'s classics Seventh Heaven , Street Angel , and Lucky Star . Gaynor won the first Academy Award for Best Actress for the first two and F. W. Murnau\'s Sunrise.'] ['The girls try to find a millionaire in Havana but end up finding a male "gold-digger" who is looking for a rich woman to help pay his bills. Eventually, the dressmaker arrives in Havana.'] [" Publisher Larry Fellowes  believes the personal secretary/stenographer  spends more time with the busy executive  and makes more decisions than his wife,  which creates a stronger bond between secretary and boss than that between husband and wife. He persuades author Kate Halsey   to write a novel based on this premise with these points and promises of riches. When Larry's secretary  learns of his plans to marry Linda  , the secretary has a nervous breakdown because she is in love with him herself. A new secretary, Anne Murdock , is hired while Larry is on his honeymoon. She is attractive, intelligent and efficient. Larry, a workaholic, begins to neglect his wife working with his secretary, and they both fall in love. Meanwhile, his wife is seeing another man named Mr. Jameson  with whom she falls in love. Eventually, Larry kisses Anne while they are working together at his apartment, while Linda makes love with her young gigolo. Mr. Jameson gives her the key to his apartment and says goodnight. Linda returns to her husband  and tells Larry that they should go to bed as it is very late. Anne watches as Larry goes to the bedroom with his wife and closes the door behind him. She is heartbroken and decides she will give him her resignation in the morning. Linda decides to divorce Larry. Both discuss this in a very civil fashion. Meanwhile Anne agrees to marry her long-time admirer Ted O'Hara after giving her resignation. On the final day of work, Anne's sister Katherine Murdock  manages to phone Larry and explain the real state of things, bringing about a happy ending."] ['Movie star Lola Burns  is angry with her studio publicist E.J. "Space" Hanlon , who feeds the press with endless fake scandals about her. Lola\'s family  and staff are another cause of distress for her, as everybody is always trying to scrape money from the actress. All she really wants is to live a normal life and prove to the public that she\'s not a sexy vamp but a proper lady. She tries to adopt a baby, but Hanlon, who secretly loves her, thwarts all her plans. Lola decides she can\'t stand any more of such a life, and flees Hollywood. Far from the movie fluff, she meets wealthy and romantic Gifford Middleton , who hates the movies and therefore has never heard about Lola and her bad press. They soon fall in love and Gifford proposes marriage. Lola is to meet her fiancé\'s snobby parents, but everything collapses when Hanlon together with Lola\'s family finds her, and tells the Middletons the truth. Lola feels hurt by the rude way Gifford and his parents dump her, and accepts Hanlon\'s suggestion to return to Hollywood with no regrets: it is, after all, her life. ... Little does she know that the three Middletons were all actors hired by Hanlon himself.'] ['The film tells of Kitty Darling , a burlesque star, who sends her young daughter to a convent to get her away from the sleazy burlesque environment she is involved in. Many years later, Kitty is not doing so well and her best days are behind her. She\'s now an alcoholic who lives in the past. She lives with a burlesque comic named Hitch . Hitch cheats on her and only cares about spending what little money she has. When he finds out she has been paying for her daughter\'s convent education for over a decade, he pushes her into bringing April back home. Her grown daughter April  returns. Kitty is embarrassed by her condition and marries Hitch so that April will not be ashamed of her. When April arrives, she is disgusted with her mother and her sad life. Hitch tries to force her into show business and repeatedly gropes her, at one point forcing a kiss on her. April roams the city and meets a lonely young sailor named Tony . They fall in love and agree to marry and April will move to his home in Wisconsin. When April goes to tell her mother about their plans she overhears Hitch belittling Kitty, calling her a "has-been." April is upset and calls off her wedding. She decides to join the chorus line of a burlesque show. She says a reluctant goodbye to Tony at the subway. Meanwhile, Kitty takes poison. She goes downstairs to the show and collapses on a couch. Knowing Kitty cannot perform in the show, the producer berates her. April, over Kitty\'s objections, says she will take Kitty\'s place. She tells Kitty she will take care of her now, like Kitty always did for April. As April goes onstage, Kitty passes away, her head hanging over the edge of the couch. April is disgusted at herself and cannot complete the show. As she runs off the stage, none other than Tony is there to greet her. He says he had a feeling she did not mean what she was saying. She hugs him close and says she wants to go far away. Not realizing Kitty is dead, she says they will need to take care of her mother too, and Tony agrees. The final shot is a close-up of the Kitty Darling poster on the wall, behind Tony and April.'] ["Helen Bauer, a glamorous, successful, headstrong, and very liberated New York graphic artist with modern ideas about romance, is involved with Don Peterson but doesn't want to sacrifice her independence by entering into matrimony. The two agree to wed only to pacify Helen's conventional immigrant father Adolphe, whose Old World views spur him to condemn their affair. They form a business partnership, but financial problems at their advertising agency put a strain on the marriage and Don begins seeing Peggy Smith, one of his married clients. Convinced it was marriage that disrupted their relationship, Helen suggests they live apart but remain lovers. When Don discovers Helen is dating his business rival, playboy Nick Malvyn, he returns to Peggy, but in reality his heart belongs to his wife. Agreeing their love will help their marriage survive its problems, the two reconcile and settle into domestic bliss. The plot is unusual for its time in that Helen is not denigrated for her beliefs about marriage and Don is not depicted as being a cad."] ['Sol Glass  owns a clothing manufacturing company struggling to survive in the midst of the Great Depression. Like his competitors, Glass employs "customer girls" to entertain out-of-town buyers. However, his clients have become tired of his hard-bitten "gold diggers" and have started taking their business elsewhere. Tommy Nelson , one of his salesmen, suggests that they use their stenographers instead. Glass decides to give it a try. When buyer Luther Haines  sees Tommy\'s secretary and fiancee, Florence "Flo" Denny , he wants to take her out. However, Tommy manages to steer him to the curvaceous Birdie  instead. Later, with Birdie sick, Tommy reluctantly lets Flo go on a date with another buyer, Daniel "Danny" Drew . They have a nice time together, but she is shocked when she finds out Danny expects sex. A contrite Danny apologizes and tells her that he has fallen in love with her. He has to go on a business trip, but telephones and writes to her regularly. Meanwhile, Flo\'s friend, fellow employee and roommate, Maizee , shows her that Tommy is cheating on her with Birdie. She ends their engagement. To keep her self-respect, Flo tells Glass that she will not go out with any more buyers. When he threatens to fire her, she quits. Danny returns and takes Flo to dinner. Then, spotting Haines at another table, he asks her to help convince the last holdout to a merger to sign an important contract, the biggest deal of his life. She is disappointed by his request, but agrees to do it. She goes to dinner with Haines, but cleverly arranges with Maizee to have Haines\' wife  and daughter show up. Haines has to go along with the pretense that he is conducting business, and signs the contract. When Haines later complains about Flo\'s methods, and claims that she and Tommy are living together, Daniel suspects that she is not as innocent as he believed, so he drives her out into the country to the mansion of his friends. Nobody is home, but he coaxes her inside and tries to force himself on her. Flo tries to get away, but finally stops resisting. However, when she asks him if that is all she means to him, Danny stops before anything happens. She leaves, only to run into Tommy, who had followed the couple. He also believes she is selling herself. Danny, overhearing their conversation, realizes that Flo is innocent, and forces Tommy to apologize. Danny begs her to marry him. After she whispers in his ear, he picks her up and carries her back into the mansion.'] ['Doctor X is a mystery-horror film with tongue-in-cheek comedic elements. It is considered by some to be of the "old dark house" genre of horror films, and takes place in 1932 New York City and Long Island, New York. Reporter Tracy investigates a series of cannibalistic murders. It is rated PG-13 due to the horror in the movie Reporter Lee Taylor  is investigating a series of pathological murders that have taken place over a series of months in New York City. The murders always take place at night, under the light of a full moon . Furthermore, each body has been cannibalized after the murder has taken place. Witnesses to the events describe a horribly disfigured "monster" as the killer. Doctor Xavier  is called in for his medical opinion, but it is learned through meeting with the police that the ulterior motive behind this is to begin an investigation of Xavier\'s medical academy, as the scalpel used to cannibalize the bodies of the victims was exclusive to that institution. Aside from Xavier, the other suspects are: Wells , an amputee who has made a study of cannibalism; Haines ([[John Wray , who displays a sexual perversion with voyeurism; Duke , a grouchy loudmouth cripple; and Rowitz , who is conducting studies of the psychological effects of the moon . It is learned that Haines and Rowitz were stranded in a boat with another man, and that while they claimed he had died and they had thrown him overboard, it was suspected that they had, in fact, cannibalized him. The police give Xavier 48 hours to apprehend the killer in his own way. During this time, Taylor investigates the doctor\'s intentions and in the process, meets Joan Xavier , the doctor\'s daughter. Joan is exceedingly cold to Taylor, particularly after finding out that it was his story that pointed a finger at her father and ruined his first attempt at locating the killer. Taylor, however, manages to find a romantic interest in Joan before being escorted out. The setting switches to Xavier\'s beach-side estate on Long Island. There, all of the suspects are brought in for an unorthodox examination of their guilt: each member  is connected to an electrical system that records their heart rate. When a re-enactment of the murder of a cleaning woman appears before them, the detector will expose the guilty man who will have no choice but to confess. Dr. Xavier\'s butler and maid, Otto  and Mamie , carry out the reenactment. Things go awry, however, when a number of events inhibit the experiment. First, Taylor breaks into the home and hides in a storage closet, but is rendered unconscious by gas that the killer puts in the room. During the experiment, a blackout occurs. Wells, in another room controlling the equipment, is knocked over the head and falls through a glass door. When power is regained, it is discovered that Rowitz, whose monitor supposedly revealed him as the guilty party just before the blackout, has been murdered, a victim of a scalpel to the base of the brain. Taylor is discovered by the staff and Xavier has no choice but to keep him there until the investigation is over, lest he report back to his paper. Joan decides to be friendly to Taylor, as she sees that he is the only one with enough intuition to solve the crime. Later that night, it is discovered that during these hours, Rowitz\'s body has been cannibalized. The following evening, the police allow Xavier an extension till midnight to apprehend the killer. Xavier again asks Otto and Mamie to re-enact another of the murders. Mamie is too frightened and ill to play her part, so Joan takes Mamie\'s place. All of the men, save for Wells, are this time handcuffed to their seats. It is during this that we find out that it is, in fact, Wells who is the killer. Through a "synthetic flesh" composition that he himself has created, Wells has been creating artificial limbs and a horrific mask to carry out his crimes in order to collect living samples of human flesh for his experiments. It turns out at first for years he had been searching for a secret manufactured flesh and eventually finds it; so, he went to Africa one time, not to study cannibalism, but to get samples of the human flesh the natives eat. In order to collect his final victim, Wells sneaks up on Otto as the monster and strangles him. Then, Wells proceeds to reveal himself and his intentions for collecting Joan as his specimen in front of the committee. Just as Wells is about to strangle Joan, Taylor — who has been posing as one of a series of wax figures representing the killer\'s victims — jumps Wells and the two men get into a scuffle. As Wells lunges towards Taylor, Taylor grabs a kerosene lamp and hurls it at Wells. Set on fire, Wells stumbles and crashes out a window and falls down a cliff into the ocean. Reporting his story into the paper, Taylor tells his editor to make space in the marriage section for Joan and himself.'] ['The movie stars Maurice Chevalier, Claudette Colbert, Miriam Hopkins, Charles Ruggles and George Barbier. It is a romantic comedy concerning the love of a Princess for a soldier, and the love of the soldier for another woman. The Lieutenant  while standing in formation before a parade honoring the visiting royal family of Flausenthurm takes an opportunity to smile at his girlfriend in the crowd. Unfortunately the smile is intercepted by the Princess of Flausenthurm, and an international incident is narrowly avoided by having them marry. The Lieutenant sneaks away from his bride to wander the streets of Flausenthurm and discovers his girlfriend Franzi . The princess receives notice of this and decides to confront Franzi. After the initial confrontation, Franzi sees that the princess is in fact deeply in love with the lieutenant, and decides to save the marriage by giving the princess a makeover  The results are a complete success as the Lieutenant follows his satin-clad, cigarette-puffing bride into the bedroom and closes the door — only to open it and give the audience a last song and a suggestive wink.'] ['Gordon Shaw was a flyer who was shot down and killed during World War I. Nina would have married him before he left, but her father forbade the marriage. Charlie is a friend, but Nina does not love him and he is too timid- too shy - to tell her the way that he feels about her. Sam is her husband and her love disappears after the ceremony when she finds out that there is mental illness in his family and that there can be no children. To have the child she wants, but cannot have with Sam, she has a secret affair with Ned, who wants her to leave Sam. Gordon is the result of the affair, but he does not know Ned is his real father. Nina continues to play with the emotions of all three men and devote herself only to Gordon.'] [' The "gold diggers" are four aspiring actresses: Polly the ingenue, Carol the torch singer, Trixie the comedienne, and Fay the glamour puss. The film was made in 1933 during the Great Depression and contains numerous direct references to it. It begins with a rehearsal for a stage show, which is interrupted by the producer\'s creditors who close down the show because of unpaid bills. At the unglamorous apartment shared by three of the four actresses , the producer, Barney Hopkins , is in despair because he has everything he needs to put on a show, except money. He hears Brad Roberts , the girls\' neighbor and Polly\'s boyfriend, playing the piano. Brad is a brilliant songwriter and singer who not only has written the music for a show, but also offers Hopkins $15,000 in cash to back the production. Of course, they all think he\'s pulling their legs, but he insists that he\'s serious &ndash; he\'ll back the show, but he refuses to perform in it, despite his talent and voice. Brad comes through with the money and the show goes into production, but the girls are suspicious that he must be a criminal since he is cagey about his past, and will not appear in the show, even though he is clearly more talented than the aging juvenile lead they have hired. It turns out, however, that Brad is in fact a millionaire\'s son whose family does not want him associating with the theatre. On opening night, in order to save the show when the juvenile  can\'t perform , Brad is forced to play the lead role. With the resulting publicity, Brad\'s brother, J. Lawrence Bradford and the family lawyer, Fanuel H. Peabody discover what he is doing, and arrive in New York to prevent him from being seduced by "gold diggers". Their goal is to break up the romance between Brad and Polly. Lawrence mistakes Carol for Polly, and his heavy-handed effort to dissuade the "cheap and vulgar" showgirl from marrying Brad by buying her off annoys her so much that she goes along with the gag in order to eventually pull the rug out from under him. Trixie meanwhile targets "Fanny" the lawyer as the perfect rich sap ripe for exploitation. But what starts as gold-digging turns into something else, and when the dust settles, Carol and Lawrence are in love and Trixie marries Fanuel, while Brad is free to marry Polly after all. All the "gold diggers"  end up married to wealthy men.'] ["Originally intended as a vehicle for Ann Harding and Leslie Howard, Christopher Strong is a tale of illicit love among the English aristocracy. Hepburn plays Lady Cynthia Darrington, a strong-spirited aviatrix, who is over the age of 21 and has never had a lover or an affair because she is too devoted to her work. But she falls in love with the previously-faithful husband and member of Parliament, Christopher Strong , and has an affair with him during the course of her prize-winning around-the world flight. much to the distress of his wife, Lady Elaine  and their daughter, Monica . Monica had previously had an affair with the married Harry Rawlinson . While waiting for him to divorce his wife and marry her, she runs off for a brief affair with an Italian romeo, Carlo . Six months after Monica and Harry are married, they announce her pregnancy to her elated grandparents-to-be. Lady Cynthia simultaneously learns that she is pregnant, and saves Sir Christopher's moral position and political career by committing suicide while setting an altitude record in her airplane."] ["After Tom Powers  and his childhood friend, Matt Doyle , grow into young adults, the film follows them as they gradually progress from small crimes  to worse crimes , after being hired by local bootlegger Paddy Ryan . Tom quickly rises from apprentice to leading gangster by being more vicious and ruthless than his rivals. The bootlegging business becomes an ever more lucrative operation, and Tom and Matt are not shy about flaunting the trappings of gangsterism. Tom does not forget about his more humble origins, and offers support to his pathetically doting, and now widowed, mother. This brings him into conflict with his older brother, Mike Powers ([[Donald Cook , a shell-shocked war veteran who strongly disapproves of his loathsome little brother. Arguably, underlying the fraternal conflict is the fact that Tom’s vicious immorality has brought generous material rewards while the straight-and-narrow path chosen by his brother has only produced a bitter casualty of war. Tom considers Mike self-righteous and hypocritical. When Mike quips that Tom's success is based on nothing more than “beer and blood” , Tom retorts: “Your hands ain't so clean. You killed and liked it. You didn't get them medals for holding hands with them Germans.”{{cite web}} Tom continues his rise in gangland, but eventually his greed catches up with him when he challenges another gang, precipitating a catastrophic gang war. Arguably, the most famous scene is Tom “getting it” in the end, graphically setting the tone for the “crime doesn’t pay” theme that dominated crime films for the rest of the decade and beyond."] ["The Cocoanuts is set in the Hotel de Cocoanut, a resort hotel, during the Florida land boom of the 1920s. Mr. Hammer  runs the place, assisted by Jamison , who would rather sleep at the front desk than actually help him run it. Chico and Harpo arrive with empty luggage, which they plan to fill by robbing and conning the guests. Mrs. Potter  is one of the few paying customers. Her daughter Polly  is in love with struggling young architect Bob Adams . He works to support himself as a clerk at the hotel, but has plans for the development of the entire area. Mrs. Potter wants her daughter to marry Harvey Yates , whom she believes to be of higher social standing than the clerk. This suitor is actually a con man out to steal the dowager's diamond necklace with the help of his conniving partner Penelope ."] ['French General Birabeau has been sent to Morocco to root out and destroy the Riffs, a band of Arab rebels, who threaten the safety of the French outpost in the Moroccan desert. Their dashing, daredevil leader is the mysterious "Red Shadow". Margot Bonvalet, a lovely, sassy French girl, is soon to be married at the fort to Birabeau\'s right-hand man, Captain Fontaine. Birabeau\'s son Pierre, in reality the Red Shadow, loves Margot, but pretends to be a milksop to preserve his secret identity. Margot tells Pierre that she secretly yearns to be swept into the arms of some bold, dashing sheik, perhaps even the Red Shadow himself. Pierre, as the Red Shadow, kidnaps Margot and declares his love for her. To her surprise, Margot\'s mysterious abductor treats her with every Western consideration. When the Red Shadow comes face to face with General Birabeau, the old man challenges the rebel leader to a duel. Of course Pierre will not kill his own father, so he refuses to fight, losing the respect of the Riffs. Azuri, the sinuous and secretive native dancing girl, might be persuaded to answer some of these riddles if only she can be persuaded by Captain Fontaine. Meanwhile, two other characters, Benny  and Susan provide comic relief. Eventually, the Red Shadow\'s identity is discovered, a deal is struck with the Riffs, and Pierre and Margot live happily ever after.'] ['Jean, Polaire, and Schatze are ex-showgirls who put their money together in order to rent a luxurious penthouse apartment. They are out to get wealthy boyfriends by dressing and acting like millionaires themselves. It is Jean who is really determined and acts ruthlessly, leaving the other girls behind. The other women are more sensitive and trustworthy. Only one woman will be able to find a rich husband. But who will it be?'] ["An acclaimed singer Terry falls in love with a socialite girl Carlie who is just playing around. He doesn't realize that his girl-Friday is the one he really loves until it is almost too late. Although he is awestruck by high society, he overhears the girl's admission that she is stringing him along in the nick of time avoid marriage. The film is played against a theatrical backdrop, and contains many songs and production numbers."] ["Brown plays Gink Schiner, a third-rate fighter who is at the same training camp as Georges LaVerne , a contender for the heavyweight championship. Although he needs to be concentrating all of his energies on the upcoming bout, Georges keeps getting distracted: Norine Lloyd, a society dame, has a distinct interest in him, but the interest is strictly one-sided. Georges prefers Sue, an old buddy and confidante. Gink has woman trouble of his own, as his flirtations do not sit at all well with Toots , his erstwhile girlfriend. More trouble arrives when Larkin, manager of current heavyweight champ Bob Morgan, appears at the camp with the goal of fixing the fight. He is sent packing, after which he attempts to slip a Mickey Finn to the challenger -- a plan which goes awry when Gink switches the drinks. Meanwhile, Gink, who is fighting in a preliminary in advance of the big fight, actually wins. Things don't look so bright for Georges, who initially gets the worst of it in his encounter with Morgan, but who eventually comes out on top."] ['Racketeer Patsy Gargan is made deputy commissioner of a reform school as a reward from his corrupt political cronies. Initially, he has no interest in the school, but his sympathy for the boys, who are abused and battered by a brutal, heartless warden and his thuggish guards convince him to take the job seriously. As does an attractive resident nurse named Dorothy. Gargan sends Thompson, the superintendent, on vacation and, while he is gone, puts Dorothy\'s reform ideas into action. The school is functioning well under a system of self-government when Patsy is called back to the city to take care of some political business. Patsy shoots another man during a fight and has to go into hiding. Thompson returns to the school and convinces the boys that Patsy has abandoned them. He then starts running things the old way and, when Dorothy protests over the poor quality of the food served, he fires her. Then one of the boys, Johnny "Skinny" Stone, dies while in solitary confinement and the boys rebel. Thompson is put on trial by the boys, who find him guilty. Thompson, in a panic, jumps out a window to escape. Pursued by the boys, many of whom carry torches, he scrambles up onto the roof of a barn. The boys immediately set fire to the barn. Dorothy, meanwhile, finds Patsy in his hideout and tells him the whole story. Patsy races back to the school to restore order, but Thompson is dead, having fallen from the roof of the barn. At the picture\'s end, Patsy decides to give up his political career and stay at the school permanently.'] ['The story revolves around a love triangle, set on a rubber plantation most likely located in Cochinchina  during the monsoon season, between the plantation\'s owner/manager Dennis Carson , a prostitute named Vantine , and Barbara Willis , the wife of an engineer named Gary Willis . Carson abandons an informal relationship with Vantine to pursue Barbara, but has a change of heart and returns to Vantine. Vantine arrives at the plantation first, on the lam from the authorities in Saigon. She displays an easy comfort in the plantation\'s harsh environment, wisecracks continually, and begins playfully teasing Carson as soon as she meets him. He resists her charm at first, but soon gives in, and they quickly develop a friendly, casual relationship in which they tease each other and pretend to be too tough for affection. One of their favorite games is to call each other "Fred" and "Lily", as though neither can be bothered to remember the other\'s name. However, Carson loses interest in Vantine when the Willises arrive. Gary Willis is a young, inexperienced engineer, and his wife Barbara is a classy, ladylike beauty. Carson is immediately attracted to Barbara, and, after sending Gary on a lengthy surveying trip, he spends the next week seducing Barbara as Vantine watches jealously. He successfully persuades Barbara to leave Gary for him, but recants after visiting Gary in the swamp and learning how deeply he loves Barbara. Carson has also seen that Barbara is unsuited for the primitive conditions on the plantation, as is Gary, and he has a painful memory of his own mother\'s death on the plantation when he was a boy. He decides to send both of them back to more civilized surroundings. At the story\'s climax, Carson turns Barbara\'s feelings against himself by pretending that he never loved her, at which point she shoots him. This provides a cover for Vantine and Carson to save Barbara\'s marriage and reputation by insisting to Gary that Barbara rejected Carson\'s advances. The film ends after Carson has sent the Willises away, with Vantine reading bedtime stories to him as he recuperates from the gunshot wound and tries to fondle her.  Along with the love triangle, the film emphasizes the contrast between Carson and Vantine, who are simple but tough, and the Willises, who are sophisticated but weak. Vantine has a sturdy, voluptuous physique, and always keeps her nerve, even when Carson orders her to push an iodine-soaked rod through his bullet wound. Barbara, by contrast, has a thin figure, behaves imperiously at first, and is frightened by a tiger prowling outside the compound. As for the men, Willis foolishly brought his wife into an environment that neither of them was prepared for, with useless tennis rackets in their luggage, and almost dies from malaria because of his own refusal to stay in bed. Carson is more muscular than Willis, runs the plantation, acts as the local medic, saves Willis\'s life, and kills a tiger. Finally, the film provides a view into the French colonial rubber business. This includes scenes of rubber trees being tapped for their sap; the process of coagulating the rubber with acid; native workers being rousted; gales that can blow the roof off a hut and are difficult to walk in; the spartan living quarters; the supply boat that arrives periodically; a rainy spell that lasts weeks; and tigers prowling in the jungle. The film\'s title is derived from the large quantities of dust that are stirred up by the storms.'] [" Composer Roger Bond  and his orchestra are appearing in Miami, with vocalist Honey Hales . Despite the warnings of accordionist and assistant band leader Fred Ayres , Roger is attracted to the beautiful and flirtatious Belinha  in the audience, he leaves the bandstand to pursue her. Doña Elena , Belinha's chaperone, is informed of this, and arranges for Roger and the band to be fired. But Roger pursues Belinha to Brazil, and organises as engagement for the band at the Hotel Atlantico in Rio de Janeiro, unaware that the hotel is owned by Belinha's father . Roger persuades Belinha to allow him to fly her there in his private plane, which runs into trouble inflight, forcing a landing on an apparently deserted island. Under the moonlight, she falls into his arms, while admitting to him that she is already engaged. In Rio, Roger informs his good friend Julio  that he has fallen in love, but finds out that Belinha is engaged to Julio. During rehearsals for the Hotel's opening, Fred is told by police that the hotel lacks an entertainment license. When Roger spots a plane overhead, he comes up with the idea of strapping dancing girls to planes, with Fred leading the band and Honey and Julio leading the planes. The show is a great success and the hotel's future guaranteed. Julio gives Belinha up to Roger while Fred and Honey celebrate.<ref name Billman | first  Fred Astaire - A Bio-bibliography | publisher  1997 | location  0-313-29010-5 | page = 82 }}http://www.allmovie.com/work/flying-down-to-rio-17969"] ["Waitress Kitty Lane  and wealthy David Livingston  fall in love. However his overly protective mother Helen  does not approve and does everything she can to break them up. She has her friend Judge Forbes  first try bribery; when that fails, he arranges to have her jailed on a bogus morals charge. Meanwhile, Mrs. Livingston convinces her son that Kitty took the $5000 bribe. As the years pass, Kitty becomes a successful showgirl, with numerous admirers, while David is a doctor. When their paths cross again, their love is rekindled, though Kitty is skeptical of David's resolve in the face of his mother's unwavering opposition. David finally convinces her to marry him. Alarmed, Mrs. Livingston goes to see Kitty. She begs her to break off the engagement, fearing her son's career will be ruined, but Kitty is unmoved. In desperation, the distraught mother pulls out a gun. Kitty manages to take it away from the confused woman, but is touched by her pleas. When David shows up, Mrs. Livingston hides while Kitty puts on an act, pretending that she only agreed to marry him to get back at his mother. David is finally convinced, but then a repentant Mrs. Livingston stops him from leaving and confesses the truth."] [' Kitty Bellairs, a famous flirt of her day, comes to Bath for the season. Early on in the film she declares that "in spite of her thirty or forty affairs, I\'ve lost not a bit of my virtue." Her path is strewn with a number of conquests, including an enamored highwayman, a lord and some others who hang on her every word. A highwayman stops her coach as she is on her way to Bath and is immediately raptured by Kitty Bellairs. He trades the loot from the passengers for a kiss from Kitty who feels she should "yield" in order to protect Lord Varney\'s life who has gallantly come to defend her honor. In spite of this, Lord Varney draws his sword and ends up losing the fight when he loses his sword, upon which the highwayman declares, "Blood is not a pretty sight for tender eyes, Retrieve your sword while I go about my business." He proceeds to kiss Kitty who declares she considers herself not to have been kissed at all, upon which the highwayman kisses her several times and slips a ring on her finger leaving her enraptured. Lord Varney, however, is in love with Kitty himself but is extremely bashful and shy. The film then progresses to the city of Bath, where the inhabitants sing an amusing song about their daily lives, and the proceeds to a dance which Kitty is attending. She meets Captain O\'Hara  who declares his love for her. When Lord Varney approaches and asks for his dance from Kitty, Captain O\'Hara declares that "it \'was\' his dance" and whisks her away. Lord Varney is approached by his friend who laughs at his shyness. Nevertheless, Lord Varney declares his love for her and decides to write a love poem to Kitty. The film then proceeds to the next day and we see Kitty being tended to by her maid while chatting with her hairdresser about her three lovers. She describes them and asks his opinion on whom she should choose. The film then proceeds to the house of Lady Julia Standish  on whom Kitty is paying a call. Lady Julia\'s husband is neglecting her and Kitty gives her advice on how to many her husband interested once again. Her husband, Sir Jasper Standish  arrives from a trip to find her dressed elegantly as if expecting a caller. Meanwhile, Kitty places a love note addressed to her in a conspicuous place with a lock of red hair and leaves the house. Through a welter of songs into which the principals break at short intervals she at length decides on a lord instead of a highwayman. Lord Varney, hearing that Kitty was visiting Lady Standish, comes to call on Kitty at Lord Standish\'s house. Lord Standish immediately assumes that he is fooling around with his wife and insults his so that he must fight a duel "according to the code" in order to uphold his honor. The report of the scandal soon flies through the town and we are taken to a bath where everyone is talking about the supposed affair. Kitty happens to be there and as soon as she hears the story she begins to fear for the life of Lord Varney, whom she now realizes is the one she really loves. Through a welter of songs into which the principals break at short intervals, as well as outrageous Pre-Code comedy, satire and drama, Kitty and Lord Varney are at length united.'] ["As the picture opens, a re-enacted phone call featuring reporter Cornelius Vanderbilt, Jr. in Germany, and narrator Edwin C. Hill in New York is depicted. Then a parade of people carrying torchlights in Berlin, where Jewish works and other political books are burned. Vanderbilt meets with Hill, and then flies out of the country. Hill talks with Vanderbilt about the problems in his country, then a re-enacted interview between Adolf Hitler and Vanderbilt. During a viewing of World War I battle footage, Hitler's home town, Leonidad, Austria, and his parents' graves are pictured. Vanderbilt goes to Vienna, to see Chancellor Dollfuss, and he films several Austrian Nazis riots during a parade. In a re-enactment, Vanderbilt's passport is stolen, and there are several shots of Nazis abusing Jews. In yet another re-enactment, Vanderbilt interviews Crown Prince Wilhelm, and more books are burned. Helen Keller talks to an interviewer about her books, which were burned by the Nazis. Then a conversation Vanderbilt, Kaiser Wilhelm II in Doorn, Holland, and Prince Louis Ferdinand had is re-enacted. Actual anti-Nazi speeches given by prominent Jews and some Gentiles are shown and the Nazis are shown trying to alter the Bible. In the final scene, Congressman Samuel Dickstein of New York and Hill give speeches directly to the audience, explaining the dangers of Nazism."] ['Eccentric multimillionaire Ezra Ounce , whose main purpose in life is raising American morals through a nationwide campaign, wants to be assured that his fortune will be inherited by upstanding relatives, so he visits his cousin, Matilda Hemingway  in New York City, in Horace\'s view the center of immorality in America. What Ounce finds most offensive are musical comedy shows and the people who put them on, and it just so happens that Matilda\'s daughter, Barbara , is a dancer and singer in love with a struggling singer and songwriter, her 13th cousin, Jimmy Higgens . On Ezra\'s instructions, Jimmy the "black sheep" has been ostracized by the family, on pain of not receiving their inheritance. Matilda\'s husband, Horace  meets a showgirl named Mabel , who\'s been stranded in Troy when her show folds, and connives her way into sleeping in Horace\'s train compartment as a way to get back home. Terrified of scandal, he leaves her some money and his business card, along with a note telling her to not mention their meeting to anyone; but when Mabel discovers that Horace is Barbara\'s father, she blackmails him into backing Jimmy\'s show.'] ["A pretty young bank clerk, Ruth Brock , catches the eye of all the young men in the small town of Marysville, including a rich playboy, Romer Sheffield . Ruth's flirtation with Sheffield angers her date, Conny Billup , and she becomes the subject of local gossip, with disastrous results for her reputation. Soon Ruth's childhood sweetheart, Bill Fadden , returns for a visit, clearly still interested in her."] ['The film is based rather loosely on the play, adds an entire backstory before O\'Neill\'s actual play begins, and includes several new characters that do not appear in it . Some people consider the movie to be just a vehicle for showing off Robeson\'s musical talent . However, the film does provide what may be Robeson\'s greatest dramatic performance in a movie, considered by many to be worthy of an Oscar nomination that it did not receive. In the film version, the opening shots are of an African ritual dance. Some critics are quick to assess the opening as representative of the "primitive" black world to which Brutus Jones will eventually revert. However, more scholarly-based reviews of the film understand the complexities of the allusion to and comparison between the roots of the African American church and the rhythmic chanting often seen in African religious practices. A quick dissolve takes us into a Baptist church in the American South, where the dancing of the congregation presents an image that argues for a continuity between the "savage" Africans and the ring-shout Baptists. Such suggestive editing may be the kind of element that causes viewers to suspect the film of racism. Similarly, the film makes copious use of the word "nigger", as did O\'Neill\'s original play. African Americans criticized O\'Neill\'s language at the time, so its preservation and expansion in the film present another cause for critique. Given Robeson\'s subsequent career as a Civil Rights activist, the spectacle of his character using the term so frequently in regard to other blacks seems shocking today. As for the plot, Brutus Jones has just been hired as a Pullman Porter, a job that served the upward mobility of thousands of African American men in the first half of the twentieth-century. Jones proudly shows off his uniform to his girlfriend Dolly , setting up the contrast with the later scenes in which "the Emperor Jones" parades around in overdone military garb. But Jones is quickly corrupted by the lures of the big city, taking up with fast women and gamblers. One boisterous crap game leads to a fight in which he inadvertently stabs Jeff, the man who had introduced him to the fast-life and from whom he had stolen the affections of the beautiful Undine . A stint on the chain gang allows the film its first opportunity to show Robeson without his shirt on, an exposure of male nudity unusual for 1933 and certainly for a black actor. Here and later the director plays on Robeson\'s sexual power and, implicitly, on cultural stereotypes about the libidinal power of black men. Jones escapes the convict\'s life after striking a white guard who was torturing and beating another prisoner. Making his way home, he briefly receives the assistance of his wife before taking a job stoking coal on a steamer headed for the Caribbean. One day, he catches sight of a remote island and jumps ship, swimming to the island. The island is under the crude rule of a top-hatted black despot who receives merchandise from Smithers, the dilapidated white colonial merchant who is the sole Caucasian on the island. Jones rises to become Smithers\' partner and eventually "Emperor". He dethrones his predecessor with a trick that allows him to survive what appears to be a fusillade of bullets, creating the myth that he can only be slain by a silver one. Jones\'s rule of the island involves increasing taxes on the poor natives and pocketing the proceeds. The highlight is a twenty-five minute spoken monologue taken directly from O\'Neill\'s play, in which Brutus Jones , hunted by natives in revolt, flees through the jungle and slowly disintegrates psychologically, becoming a shrieking hysteric who runs right into the path of his pursuers.'] ["Ivan Igor  is a sculptor who operates a wax museum in 1921 London. When business is failing due to people's attraction to the macabre, Igor's investment partner, Joe Worth , tries to burn the museum down for the insurance money of £10,000. Igor wouldn't have it but Worth starts a fire anyway. Igor tries to stop him, and both he and Worth get into a fight. Worth knocks Igor unconscious, leaving the sculptor to die. Igor survives, however, and reemerges 12 years later in New York City, reopening a new wax museum. His hands and legs have been badly crippled in the fire, and he must rely on assistants to create his new sculptures. Meanwhile, reporter Florence Dempsey  is sent out by her editor, Jim  to investigate the suicide of a model named Joan Gale . During this time, a hideous monster steals the body of Joan Gale from the morgue. When investigators find that her body has been stolen, they suspect murder. The finger initially points to George Winton ([[Gavin Gordon , son of a powerful industrialist, but after visiting him in jail, Florence thinks differently. Florence's roommate is Charlotte Duncan  whose fiancé Ralph  works at Igor's newly opened museum. While visiting the museum, Florence notices an uncanny resemblance between a wax figure of Joan of Arc and the dead model. At the same time, Igor spots Charlotte and remarks that she looks similar to his favorite figure in his original museum, a sculpture of Marie Antoinette. Igor employs several shady characters: Prof. Darcy , a drug addict, and Hugo, a deaf-mute . Darcy, at the same time, is working for Joe Worth, who is working as a bootlegger in the city, among whose customers is none other than Winton. While investigating at an old house where Worth keeps his bootlegged alcohol, Florence discovers a monster who is connected with the museum, but cannot prove any connection with the disappearance of Joan Gale's body. Darcy is seen running from the house and is caught by the police. When brought to the station, he breaks down and admits that Igor is in fact the killer and that he has been murdering people, stealing their bodies, and dipping them in wax to create lifelike statues. Charlotte, going to visit Ralph at the museum, is trapped by Igor. When Charlotte tries to get away, she pounds away at his face, breaking a wax mask that he has made of himself, and reveals that he had been horribly disfigured. He also shows her the dead body of Joe Worth, who Darcy has been tracking down for him for some time. When she faints, he ties her up and sets her on a table, awaiting her to become his lost Marie Antoinette when she is doused with wax. Florence leads the police to the museum just in time: Charlotte is saved, and Igor is gunned down into a giant vat of wax. When Florence reports her story in, Jim proposes to her. Having to finally choose between money  and happiness , she picks the latter."] ['The wealthy Mrs. Teasdale  insists that Rufus T. Firefly  be appointed leader of the small, bankrupt country of Freedonia before she will continue to provide much-needed financial backing. Meanwhile, neighboring Sylvania is attempting to take over the country. Sylvanian ambassador Trentino  tries to foment a revolution, woos Mrs. Teasdale, and attempts to dig up dirt on Firefly by sending in spies Chicolini  and Pinky . After failing to collect worthwhile information about Firefly, Chicolini and Pinky infiltrate the government when Chicolini is appointed Secretary of War after Firefly sees him on the street selling peanuts. Meanwhile, Firefly\'s personal assistant, Bob Roland  suspects Trentino\'s questionable motives, and counsels Firefly to "get rid of that man at once" by saying "something to make him mad, and he\'ll strike you, and we\'ll force him to leave the country." Firefly agrees to the plan, but after a series of personal insults exchanged between Firefly and Trentino, the plan backfires and Firefly slaps Trentino instead. As a result, the two countries reach the brink of war. Adding to the international friction is the fact that Firefly is also wooing Mrs. Teasdale, and likewise hoping to get his hands on her late husband\'s wealth. Trentino learns that Freedonia\'s war plans are in Mrs. Teasdale\'s possession and orders Chicolini and Pinky to steal them. Chicolini is caught by Firefly and put on trial, during which war is officially declared, and everyone is overcome by war frenzy, breaking into song and dance. The trial put aside, Chicolini and Pinky join Firefly and Bob Roland in anarchic battle, resulting in general mayhem. The end of the film finds Trentino caught in makeshift stocks, with the Brothers pelting him with fruit. Trentino surrenders, but Firefly tells him to wait until they run out of fruit. Mrs. Teasdale begins singing the Freedonia national anthem in her operatic voice and the Brothers begin hurling fruit at her instead.  In the "mirror scene," Pinky, dressed as Firefly, pretends to be Firefly\'s reflection in a missing mirror, matching his every move—including absurd ones that begin out of sight—to near perfection. In one particularly surreal moment, the two men swap positions, and thus the idea of which is a reflection of the other. Eventually, and to their misfortune, Chicolini, also disguised as Firefly, enters the frame and collides with both of them. Although its appearance in Duck Soup is the best known instance, the concept of the mirror scene did not originate in this film. Charlie Chaplin used it in The Floorwalker James Steffen "Seven Years Bad Luck" This scene has been recreated many times; for instance, in the Bugs Bunny cartoon Hare Tonic, <poem>They got guns, We got guns, All God\'s chillun got guns! I\'m gonna walk all over the battlefield, \'Cause all God\'s chillun got guns!</poem> A portion of the final production sequence is used near the end of the Woody Allen film Hannah and Her Sisters Firefly can be seen wearing a different costume in almost every sequence until the end of the film, including American Civil War outfits , a British palace guard uniform, a Boy Scout Scoutmaster&#39;s uniform, and even a coon-skin Davy Crockett cap. Meanwhile, the exterior view of the building they are occupying changes appearance from a bunker to an old fort, etc. Firefly assures his generals that he has &#34;a man out combing the countryside for volunteers.&#34; Sure enough, Pinky is wandering out on the front lines wearing a sandwich board sign reading, &#34;Join the Army and see the Navy.&#34; Later, Chicolini volunteers Pinky to carry a message through enemy lines; Firefly tells him, &#34;[...] and remember, while you&#39;re out there risking life and limb through shot and shell, we&#39;ll be in here thinking what a sucker you are.&#34; Thomas Doherty has described this line as &#34;sum[ming] up the Great War cynicism towards all things patriotic&#34;. Chico and Harpo harass a lemonade seller , egged on by his irritation that they have stolen his pitch. First, there is a scene involving the knocking off, dropping, picking up and exchanging of hats. Later, Kennedy  steals bags of Harpo&#39;s peanuts, and Harpo responds by burning Kennedy&#39;s new straw boater hat; in return, Kennedy pushes over their peanut wagon. Harpo responds by stepping knee-deep into Kennedy&#39;s lemonade tank, where he imitates a stereotypical Italian grape-crushing peasant; this drives off Kennedy&#39;s waiting line of customers. Just before the Mirror Scene is the Radio Scene. Harpo tries the combination to the safe on a box which proves to be a radio, and it starts blaring the break-up strain of John Philip Sousa&#39;s &#34;Stars and Stripes Forever&#34;. The music continues despite ongoing efforts to silence, and finally destroy, the radio. Harpo often doffed his hat on-screen, but Chico very rarely removed his Tyrolean hat, even when indoors. For a few seconds on-screen in the earlier scene, Chico&#39;s head is uncovered, revealing a wavy wig. Chico had already started going bald when the brothers appeared in their first Broadway production, I\'ll Say She Is, in 1924. All of the Brothers&#39; natural receding-hairline patterns were similar, but Harpo and Chico covered theirs with wigs.'] ['On June 15, 1904, the ship General Slocum catches fire and sinks in New York\'s East River. Two boys, Blackie Gallagher  and Jim Wade , are rescued by priest Father Joe , but are orphaned by the disaster. They are taken in by another survivor, Poppa Rosen , who has lost his young son in the sinking. The boys live with Poppa Rosen for a short while; then Rosen, a Russian Jew, is trampled to death by a policeman\'s horse after he heckles Leon Trotsky at a Communist rally and a melee breaks out. The boys remain close friends, though their lives diverge. Studious from the very beginning, Jim  gets his law degree and eventually becomes the assistant district attorney. Blackie is a cheerful, happy-go-lucky kid who loves to throw dice and trick other kids out of their money; he  becomes the owner of a fancy, if illegal, casino. Though his casino is regularly "raided", the cops have been paid off and business resumes immediately after they leave. Blackie\'s girlfriend Eleanor  loves him, but pleads with him in vain to marry her and give up his dangerous life. Jim is appointed district attorney. Blackie arranges to meet him for a celebration, but something comes up, and he sends Eleanor to keep Jim company at the Cotton Club until he can join them. Jim and Eleanor talk the night away. Afterward, she gives Blackie one last chance to marry her and settle down. When Blackie refuses, she leaves him. Months later, Blackie kills Manny Arnold  for not paying his gambling debts. Jim summons him to his office, where he tells him that he and Eleanor are going to get married. Blackie is sincerely happy for both of them. Jim also informs his friend that he is a suspect in the Arnold murder. However, there is no real evidence, so the crime goes unsolved. Though Jim invites him to be the best man at his wedding, Blackie discreetly turns him down. After returning from his honeymoon, Jim runs for governor of New York. Snow , who had had been his chief assistant until Jim fired him for corruption, threatens to tell reporters that Jim covered up for Blackie in the Arnold case. Though untrue, this would lose Jim a close race for the governorship. By chance, Blackie and Eleanor meet at the horse track. Eleanor tells Blackie about Snow. Blackie murders Snow in a washroom of Madison Square Garden during a hockey game. A beggar who pretends to be blind sees him leave the scene of the crime. Jim has no choice but to prosecute Blackie. Blackie is convicted and sentenced to death. Jim wins the election, partly because the public knows that Jim is so honest he prosecuted his childhood friend. Eleanor tries to get him to commute the sentence to life imprisonment, revealing Blackie\'s selfless motive for killing Snow, but that only makes things worse. When Jim remains steadfast, Eleanor leaves him. At the last moment, Jim hurries to Sing Sing Prison and meets Blackie, together with Father Joe, who is now the prison\'s chaplain. Jim finally offers to commute the death sentence, but Blackie turns him down. Father Joe leads Blackie to the electric chair while saying last rites. A few days later Jim calls a special joint session of the New York Legislature. He reveals how the murder helped him win the election and how at the end he compromised his principles and was willing to commute his friend\'s sentence. He then tenders his resignation. When he leaves, Eleanor is waiting for him. She tells him that she was wrong about him, and they leave together to start a new life.'] ['{{expand section}} Bert Harris, works for a hotel as a bellboy. One day he meets Anne Roberts, who signs up as a chambermaid. He takes a fancy to her and lets her in on his racket, conning people out of money.'] ['The story revolves around a husband-and-wife acting team. Simply because he is insecure, the husband suspects his wife could be capable of infidelity. The husband disguises himself as a guardsman with a thick accent, woos his wife under his false identity, and ends up seducing her. The couple stays together, and at the end the wife tells the husband that she knew it was him, but played along with the deception.'] ['Nan Taylor  is accused of helping her friends rob a bank. Reform-minded David Slade  falls in love with her and gets her released. However, when she confesses that she is guilty, he has her imprisoned. Inside, she meets fellow inmates Linda , "Sister Susie"  and Aunt Maggie , and prison matron Noonan . Unlike most films of the women in prison genre, her fellow inmates are criminals, rather than innocents in prison by mistake.Taylor gets involved in a prison escape, has a year added to her sentence, and goes gunning for revenge when she is released.'] ['Mimi Glossop  arrives in England to seek a divorce from her geologist husband Cyril ([[William Austin , whom she hasn\'t seen for several years. Under the guidance of her domineering and much-married aunt Hortense , she consults a bumbling and less-than-competent lawyer Egbert Fitzgerald , who happens to be one of Hortense\'s previous fiancés. He arranges for her to spend a night at a seaside hotel and to be caught in an adulterous relationship, for which purpose he hires a professional co-respondent, Rodolfo Tonetti ([[Erik Rhodes . But Egbert forgets to arrange for private detectives to "catch" the couple. By coincidence, Guy Holden  an American dancer and friend of Egbert\'s, who briefly met Mimi on her arrival in England, and who is now besotted with her, also arrives at the hotel, only to be mistaken by Mimi for the co-respondent she has been waiting for. While they are in Mimi\'s bedroom, Tonetti arrives, revealing the truth, and holds them "prisoner" to suit the plan. They contrive to escape and dance the night away. In the morning, after several mistakes with the waiter, Cyril Glossop ([[William Austin  arrives at the door, so Guy hides in the next room, while Mimi and Tonetti give a show of being lovers. When Cyril doesn\'t believe them, Guy comes out and embraces Mimi in an attempt to convince him that he is her lover, but to no avail. It is an unwitting waiter  who finally clears the whole thing up by revealing that Cyril himself is an adulterer, thus clearing the way for Mimi to get a divorce and marry Guy.'] ['On the Italian front during World War I, Frederic Henry , an American serving as an ambulance driver in the Italian Army, delivers some wounded soldiers to a hospital. There he meets his friend, Italian Major Rinaldi , a doctor. They go out carousing, but are interrupted by a bombing raid. Frederic and English Red Cross nurse Catherine Barkley  take shelter in the same place. The somewhat drunk Frederic makes a poor first impression. Rinaldi persuades Frederic to go on a double date with him and two nurses, Catherine and her friend Helen Ferguson . However, Rinaldi becomes annoyed when Frederic prefers Catherine, the woman the major had chosen for himself. Away by themselves, Frederic learns that she was engaged to a soldier who was killed in battle. In the darkness, he seduces her, over her half-hearted resistance, and is surprised to discover she is a virgin. Their relationship  is discovered. At Rinaldi\'s suggestion, Catherine is transferred to Milan. When Frederick is wounded by artillery, he finds himself in the hospital where Catherine now works. They continue their affair until he is sent back to the war. Now pregnant, Catherine runs away to Switzerland, but her many letters to her lover are intercepted by Rinaldi, who feels he needs to rescue his friend from the romantic entanglement. Meanwhile, Frederic\'s letters to her are sent to the hospital which she has abandoned. When Frederic cannot stand it any longer, he deserts to find Catherine. Returning first to the hospital in Milan, he attempts to convince the reluctant Ferguson to reveal Catherine\'s whereabouts to him. Displaying animosity toward Frederic, all she reveals finally is that Catherine has left and is pregnant with Frederic\'s child. Rinaldi visits him at the hotel where he is hiding, and, upon hearing of Catherine\'s pregnancy, out of remorse for having interfered with their correspondence, tells Frederic where she is living. He rows across a lake to her. Meanwhile, Catherine is delighted when she is told she has finally received some mail, but faints when she is given all of her letters, marked "Return to Sender". She is taken to the hospital, where her child is delivered stillborn. She herself is in grave danger. Frederic arrives, and just as an armistice between Italy and Austria-Hungary is announced, Catherine dies, with him at her side.'] ["Small-time con man Eddie Hall  hides from his latest victim and a policeman in the first unlocked apartment he can find. It turns out to occupied by Ruby Adams , a cynical woman with numerous boyfriends. When it is safe to come out, Eddie wants to become better acquainted with his pretty rescuer. Although she resists at first, she ends up falling in love with him. Eddie's partner Slim  comes up with a scheme to catch one of Ruby's married admirers in a compromising position and blackmail him, but Eddie finds at the last moment that he cannot bear to have his girl involved in something that sordid. He breaks into Ruby's apartment and punches the would-be victim, accidentally killing him. Eddie escapes, but Ruby is caught and sentenced to a reformatory for two years. One of her fellow inmates turns out to be Gypsy Angecon , Eddie's previous girlfriend. When Eddie learns from a released Gypsy that Ruby is pregnant with his child, he visits her, but as a fugitive, he has to pretend to be there to see another inmate. Even though the authorities become suspicious, Eddie is determined to marry Ruby so his child will not be illegitimate. With the police closing in, instead of escaping, he persuades a minister visiting his wayward daughter to marry them. Afterwards, Eddie is caught and sent to prison. When he gets out, he is welcomed by Ruby and their young son. Ruby announces that Al Simpson , who had wanted to marry her himself, has gotten Eddie a legitimate job."] ['A lawyer  realizes that his own wife  might be having an affair while he defends a cuckolded wife-killer.'] ['The central story is of a self-serving trapeze artist named Cleopatra , who seduces and eventually marries a sideshow midget, Hans , after learning of his large inheritance. At their wedding reception, the other "freaks" resolve that they will accept Cleopatra in spite of her being a "normal" outsider, and hold an initiation ceremony, wherein they pass a massive goblet of wine around the table while chanting, "We accept her! We accept her! One of us! One of us! Gooble-gobble, gooble-gobble!" The ceremony frightens the drunken Cleopatra, who accidentally reveals that she has been having an affair with Hercules , the strong man; she mocks the freaks, tosses the wine in their faces, and drives them away. Despite being humiliated, Hans remains with Cleopatra. Shortly thereafter, Hans is taken ill. Cleopatra has poisoned his wine at the wedding, and continues slipping poison into Hans\' medicine so that she can inherit his money and run away with Hercules. Venus , another circus performer, overhears Cleopatra and Hercules discussing the murder plot and tells Hans and the other freaks. In the film\'s climax, the freaks attack Cleopatra and Hercules with guns, knives, and various sharp-edged weapons, hideously mutilating them during a bad storm. Though Hercules is never seen again, the original ending of the film had the freaks castrating him; the audience sees him later singing in falsetto. The film concludes with a revelation of Cleopatra\'s fate; she has become a grotesque, squawking "human duck". The flesh of her hands has been melted and deformed to look like duck feet and her lower half has been permanently tarred and feathered. In an ending MGM threw in later for a "happier ending", Hans is living a millionaire\'s life in a huge house. Venus and her clown boyfriend Phroso  come with Frieda to visit, and Frieda comforts Hans when he begins to cry.  Spliced throughout the main narrative are a variety of "slice of life" segments detailing the lives of the sideshow performers. *The bearded woman, who loves the human skeleton, gives birth to their daughter. *Violet, a conjoined twin whose sister Daisy is married to one of the circus clowns, herself becomes engaged to the owner of the circus. Daisy appears to react with romantic arousal when Violet is kissed by her suitor, and a closed-eyed Violet knows when Daisy\'s shoulder has been touched, implying that each sister can experience the other\'s physical sensations. ** Daisy and Violet Hilton were real-life conjoined twins. *The Human Torso , in the middle of a conversation, lights his own cigarette, using only his tongue. In the original scene, he also rolls the cigarette.'] ['Stewart "Stew" Smith ([[Robert_Williams_, ace reporter for the Post, is assigned to get the story about the latest escapade of playboy Michael Schuyler , a breach of promise suit by chorus girl Gloria Golden, who has been paid to drop it. Unlike rival Daily Tribune reporter Bingy Baker , he turns down a $50 bribe from Dexter Grayson , the Schuylers\' lawyer, to not write anything. He does pretend to be swayed by the pleas of Anne , Michael\'s sister, but then brazenly calls his editor with the scoop, appalling the Schuylers. Stew returns to the house to return a copy of Conrad he had taken from the Schuylers\' library. The butler, Smythe , tries to make him leave, but Anne sees him. Stew surprises Anne by presenting her with Michael\'s love letters to Gloria, who had intended to use them to extort more money from the Schuylers. Anne offers Stew a $5,000 check, which he refuses. She asks why he reported the suit, but not the love notes. Stew explains that one was news, the other, blackmail. He later tells her he is writing a play. Intrigued, Anne wonders if she can turn him into a gentleman. She invites him to a party at the house. They fall in love and soon elope, horrifying Anne\'s widowed mother, Mrs. Schuyler , an imperious dowager who looks down on Stew\'s lower class background. Michael takes it in stride, telling Stew he\'s not as bad as everyone thinks. The wedding is scooped by the rival Daily Tribune, enraging his editor, Conroy . Even more upset is Stew\'s best friend Gallagher , a sob sister columnist secretly pining for him. Conroy taunts Stew as "a bird in a gilded cage." Despite his bravado, Stew is upset by the implication he is no longer his own man, vowing not to live on Anne\'s money. However, she cajoles him into moving into the mansion and starts to make him over, buying him garters  and hiring a valet, Dawson . When the Schuylers hold a reception for the Spanish ambassador, Gallagher substitutes for the society reporter and chats with Stew. Anne is surprised to learn that her husband\'s best friend  is actually a lovely young woman and treats Gallagher icily. Then, Bingy tells Stew the Tribune will give him a column if he signs it "Anne Schuyler\'s husband." Insulted, Stew punches Bingy when he calls him Cinderella Man. The next morning, Mrs. Schuyler is aghast to find Stew\'s brawl has made the front page. Wrestling with his play, Stew invites Gallagher and another friend, Hank  from Joe\'s. They arrive with Joe and several bar patrons in tow and even Bingy shows up to apologize. A raucous party ensues. Meanwhile, Stew and Gallagher ponder the play, deciding to base it on Stew\'s marriage. Anne, Mrs. Schuyler, and Grayson return as the party is in full swing. Stew apologizes for letting the party get out of control, but protests that he can invite friends to "my house." Anne replies, "Your house?" Stew returns with Gallagher to his own apartment. Along the way, he gives a homeless man his expensive garters. Grayson stops by to say Anne will pay him alimony, whereupon Stew punches him . Stew tells Gallagher the play could end with the protagonist divorcing his rich wife and marrying the woman whom he had always loved without ever realizing it. Overwhelmed, Gallagher hugs him.'] ['Renfield  is a solicitor on his way to the Castle belonging to Count Dracula  in Transylvania on a business matter. The people in the local village are fearful that vampires inhabit the castle and warn Renfield not to go there. Renfield refuses to stay at the local inn and asks the driver of the carriage that brought him to the village to take him to the Borgo Pass. The innkeeper\'s wife gives Renfield a crucifix for protection before he leaves. He is driven to the castle by Dracula\'s coach, with Dracula himself disguised as the driver. During the trip, Renfield sticks his head out the window to ask the driver to slow down, but is startled to see that the driver has disappeared, and a bat is leading the horses. Renfield enters the castle welcomed by the charming but eccentric Count, who unbeknownst to Renfield, is a true vampire. They discuss Dracula\'s intention to lease Carfax Abbey in London, where he intends to travel the next day. Dracula then leaves and hypnotizes Renfield into opening a window. He faints as a bat appears and Dracula\'s three wives suddenly appear and start to close in on him. Dracula then arrives and waves them away before he attacks Renfield himself. Aboard the schooner Vesta, bound for England, Renfield is now a raving lunatic slave to Dracula, who is hidden in a coffin and gets out for feeding on the ship\'s crew. When the ship arrives in England, Renfield is discovered to be the only living person in it; the captain is lashed on the wheel and none of the ship’s crew is discovered. Renfield is sent to Dr. Seward’s sanatorium which is adjoined with Carfax Abbey. Some nights later at a London theatre, Dracula meets Dr. Seward , who is with a group in a box seat area. Seward introduces his daughter Mina , her fiancé John Harker , and the family friend Lucy Weston . Lucy is fascinated by Count Dracula, and that night, after Lucy falls asleep in bed, Dracula enters her room as a bat and feasts on her blood. She dies in an autopsy theatre the next day after a string of transfusions, and two tiny marks on her throat are discovered. Renfield has become obsessed with eating flies and spiders and Professor Van Helsing  analyzes Renfield\'s blood and discovers his obsession. He starts talking about vampires, and that afternoon chats with Renfield, who begs Dr. Seward to send him away, because his nightly cries may disturb Mina’s dreams. When Dracula awakes and calls Renfield with wolf howling, Renfield is disturbed by Van Helsing showing him a branch of wolfbane. Van Helsing says its a plant used for protection from vampires. Dracula visits Mina, asleep in her bedroom, and bites her, leaving neck marks similar to those on Lucy. The next evening, Mina tells of a dream in which she was visited by stranger with \'red eyes and a white, livid face\'. Then, Dracula enters for a night\'s visit and Van Helsing and Harker notice that Dracula does not have a reflection in a mirror. When Van Helsing shows this "most amazing phenomenon" to Dracula, he reacts violently, smashes the mirror and leaves. Van Helsing deduces that Dracula is the vampire behind the recent tragedies. Meanwhile, Mina leaves her room and runs to Dracula in the garden, where he wraps his cape around her and attacks her. She is found moments later by the mouse maid and Seward, Van Helsing, and Harker retrieve her, while Dracula hides behind a tree. Newspapers report that a "mysterious, beautiful woman in white" has been luring children from the park with chocolate, and then biting them. Mina recognizes the beautiful lady as Lucy, who has risen as a vampire. Harker wants to take Mina to London for safety, but he is finally convinced to leave Mina with them. Van Helsing orders Nurse Briggs  to take care of Mina when she is sleeping, and not to remove the wreath of wolfbane from around her neck. Renfield escapes from his cell and listens to the three men discussing vampires. Before Martin , his attendant, arrives to take Renfield back to his cell, Renfield relates to Van Helsing, Harker and Seward how Dracula convinced Renfield to allow him to enter the sanitorium by promising him thousands of rats with blood and life in them. Dracula enters the Seward parlour and talks with Van Helsing. Dracula states that because he has fused his blood with Mina\'s, she now belongs to him. Van Helsing swears revenge by excavating Carfax Abbey and finding the coffin where he sleeps; he will then thrust a stake through his heart. Dracula tries to hypnotize Van Helsing, but without success. Van Helsing shows a crucifix to the vampire and Dracula turns away and flees the house. Harker visits Mina on a terrace, and Mina speaks of how much she loves "nights and fogs". Harker notices Mina’s changes, not realizing that she is slowly transforming into a vampire. A bat  flies above them and squeaks to Mina. She then tries to attack Harker but Van Helsing and Dr. Seward arrive just in time to save him. Mina confesses what Dracula has done to her, and tries to tell Harker that their love is finished. Later that night, Dracula hypnotizes Nurse Briggs into removing the wolfbane wreath from Mina\'s neck and opening the windows so he can enter. Van Helsing and Harker see Renfield, having just escaped from his cell, heading for Carfax Abbey. They see Dracula with Mina in the abbey. When Harker shouts to Mina, Dracula sees them, thinking Renfield had led them there. He strangles Renfield and tosses him down a staircase, and is hunted by Van Helsing and Harker. Dracula is forced to sleep in his coffin, as sunrise has come, and is trapped. Van Helsing prepares a wooden stake while Harker searches for Mina. Dracula moans in pain when Van Helsing impales him, and Mina returns to normal. Harker leaves with her while Van Helsing stays.'] ["An Ancient Egyptian priest called Imhotep  is revived when an archaeological expedition led by Sir Joseph Whemple  finds Imhotep's mummy. Despite the warning of his friend Dr. Muller , Sir Joseph's assistant Ralph Norton , recklessly reads aloud an ancient life-giving spell. Imhotep escapes from the archaeologists, taking the Scroll of Thoth, and prowls Cairo seeking the reincarnation of the soul of his ancient lover, Princess Ankh-es-en-amon. Ten years later, Imhotep calls upon Sir Joseph's son Frank  and Prof. Pearson , claims that his name is Ardath Bey, a modern Egyptian , and shows them where to dig to find Ankh-es-en-amon's tomb. The archaeologists find the tomb and give the mummy and the treasures to the Cairo Museum. The archaeologists thank Imhotep for giving them the information of where to find the tomb. Imhotep was once mummified alive for attempting to resurrect her, and, upon finding Helen Grosvenor , a woman bearing a striking resemblance to the Princess, he attempts to kill her, with the intention of mummifying her corpse, bringing it back to life using the ancient scroll, and making her his bride. In the end, she is saved when she remembers her past life and prays to the goddess Isis to save her. The prayer causes a ray from the statue of Isis to burst out raising its arm to point a glowing ankh at Bey. He ages and crumbles into dust. Frank then calls Helen back to the world of the living as the Scroll of Thoth burns."] [' The film opens on an audience watching a lavish 1929 Broadway show, featuring a giant gold mine production number . Famous guitarist Nick Lucas sings "Painting the Clouds with Sunshine", which climaxes on stage with a huge art deco revolving sun. Backstage, the star of the show ([[Ann Pennington  fights over Nick with another girl. Also introduced are a group of chorus girls who are \'man hungry\'. They are all looking for love and money, but are not sure which is the more important. They are visited by a faded star who is reduced to selling cosmetic soap. They gossip about how they all want a man with plenty of money, so they do not end up the same way. Businessman Stephen Lee  angrily forbids his nephew Wally  to marry Violet, one of the showgirls. A corpulent lawyer friend, Blake , advises him to befriend the showgirl first before making a decision. The showgirls are friends who stick together, and the most raucous girl called Mabel  takes a fancy to Blake, calling him \'sweetie\' and showing her appreciation by singing him a song . That evening, they all visit a huge nightclub. Mabel ends up on a table singing another song to Blake, "Wolf from the Door", before jumping into his lap. Showgirl Jerry  moves the party to her apartment. Everyone gets drunk and after seeing Ann Pennington dance on the kitchen table, Lee decides he is \'getting to like these showgirls\'. Blake says he is \'losing his mind or just plain mad\'. Keeping the fun going, Lucas sings "Tiptoe Through the Tulips". Complications come thick and fast after a balloon game, with both Blake and Lee falling under the spell of Mabel and Jerry. The party ends with Lucas singing "Go to Bed" and Jerry contriving to get Lee back after everyone has left. She gets him more drunk whilst tipping her own drinks away when he is not looking. Her aim is to get Lee to agree to allow Wally to marry. To do this, she lies and is shown up by her own mother, who accidentally finds them together. Next morning, Jerry feels disgraced. Mabel has been given an extra line for the show \'I am the spirit of the ages and the progress of civilisation\', but cannot get the words right. Lucas is told off for singing poor songs and sings another "What will I do without you". Ann Pennington fights with another showgirl and hurts her eye. Jerry is asked to take her place as the star of the evening performance. Mabel receives a proposal of marriage from Blake, but worries about her extra line. The show starts with Nick Lucas reprising "Tiptoe Through the Tulips"\' with full orchestra in a huge stage set that shows girl tulips in a huge greenhouse. Backstage, Uncle Steve comes back to give his consent to his nephew and to tell Jerry he wants to marry her. The finale starts with Jerry leading the "Song of the Gold Diggers" against a huge art deco backdrop of Paris at night. Various acrobats and girls litter the stage as all the songs are reprised in a fast moving, lavish production number. This ends with Jerry sweeping through the middle as the music reaches a climax. Mabel then says her line, but forgets the end.'] 