['On October 6, 1970, while on holiday in Istanbul, Turkey, American college student Billy Hayes straps 2kg of hashish blocks to his chest. While attempting to board a plane back to the US with his girlfriend, Billy is arrested by Turkish police on high alert due to fear of terrorist attacks. He is strip-searched, photographed and questioned. After a while, a shadowy American  arrives, takes Billy to a police station and translates for Billy for one of the detectives. On questioning Billy tells them that he bought the hash from a taxicab driver, and offers to help the police track him down in exchange for his release. Billy goes with the police to a nearby market and points out the cab driver, but when the police go to arrest the cabbie Billy sees an opportunity and makes a run for it. He gets cornered in a building and is recaptured by the mysterious American. During his first night in holding, Billy, freezing cold, sneaks out of his cell and steals a blanket. Later that night he is rousted from his cell and brutally beaten by the chief of guards, Hamidou. He wakes a few days later in Sağmalcılar prison, surrounded by fellow western prisoners Jimmy , Max  and Erich  who help him to his feet. Jimmy tells Billy that the prison is a dangerous place for foreigners like themselves and that no-one can be trusted, not even the young children. In the ensuing weeks following his arrest, Billy attempts to gain his release through the Turkish justice system. On the advice of Max, he hires a Turkish attorney, Yesil, who has a reputation for having successfully defended another prisoner also arrested with a large quantity of hashish. Billy’s father arrives from the US and the two share an emotional reunion. The courtroom scene at Billy’s trial is disorienting to both father and son as the prosecutor rapidly hurls accusations at Billy in Turkish. As the two ask their lawyer for an explanation, Yesil reassures them the remarks were just technical and not to worry, that the judge likes him. The judge returns a verdict of 4 years in prison angering the prosecutor and devastating Billy and his father. Yesil assures them it is an excellent outcome and that Billy could have received a lifetime sentence for smuggling, a sentence the prosecutor was vehemently arguing for. Father and son retreat to a small holding area where they tearfully share their devastation. Billy is hauled off to begin his sentence. In the next several years, Billy settles into life as a prisoner in this strange and horrible place. He begins a close relationship with Erich. Erich is gay and wishes to consummate the relationship but Billy refuses. Shortly after, Erich is released. Billy actually settles into some sense of normalcy engaging in long conversations with Max, smoking the cheap and awful drugs sold in the prison by chief snitch and prison trustee Rifki and counting the days until his release. Rifki is despised by all and routinely taunts the English speaking prisoners. Eighteen months before his release, Jimmy tries to get Max and Billy to go along with an escape plan. Billy refuses essentially putting his faith in the justice system due to release him in a year and a half. Jimmy tries on his own, is caught, and is severely beaten, nearly to death. In 1974, 53 days before his original term in prison is to expire, Billy\'s sentence is overturned by the Turkish High Court in Ankara after a prosecution appeal , and he is ordered to serve at least a 30-year life term for his crime. His stay becomes a living hell: terrifying scenes of physical and mental torture follow one another culminating in Billy having a breakdown and beating to near death his fellow prisoner Rifki, biting out Rifki\'s tongue in the process. Following this breakdown he is sent to the prison\'s ward for the insane where he wanders in a daze among the other disturbed and catatonic prisoners. He meets fellow prisoner Ahmet whilst participating in the regular inmate activity of walking in a circle around a pillar. Ahmet claims to be a philosopher from Oxford University and engages him in conversation to which Billy is unresponsive. In 1975, Billy\'s girlfriend, Susan, comes to see him and is devastated at what has happened to him. She tells him that he has to escape or else he will die in there and leaves him a scrapbook with money hidden inside as "a picture of your good friend Mr. Franklin from the bank," hoping Billy can use it to help him escape. Her visit moves Billy strongly, and he begins to regain some of his senses. He says goodbye to Max, telling him not to die and to wait for Billy to come back for him. He attempts to bribe the head guard to take him to the sanitarium where there are no guards. Instead the guard takes Billy past the sanitarium to another room and attempts to rape him. With a freak stroke of luck, Billy kills the brutish and sadistic guard by pushing him on to a coat hook. He seizes the opportunity to escape by putting on a guard\'s uniform and managing to walk out of the front door. In the epilogue it is explained that on the night of October 4, 1975 he successfully crossed the border to Greece, and arrived home three weeks later.'] ["Sasori is outside the prison and on the run from the police, wanted for breaking out of prison and murder. On her trail is detective Kondo . She takes refuge with a woman who has a brother with a learning disability. The woman and her brother are also involved in an incestuous relationship. Both the police and an ex-prison mate of Sasori's pursue her."] ['Pfc. Franklin Bean  gets drunk and goes AWOL upon the death of his father. As punishment, he is thrown into a stockade populated entirely by black inmates. But instead of giving into racism, Bean joins forces with his fellow inmates and rises up against the bigoted prison warden, MSgt. Otis McKinney .'] ["Short Eyes is set in an unnamed House of Detention in New York City, the prisoners of which are predominately black or Puerto Rican. One day, a new prisoner is brought in: Clark Davis, a young, middle-class white man accused of raping a young girl. His fellow prisoners immediately turn on him — pedophiles are considered the lowest form of prison life — except for Juan, one of the institution's older prisoners, who treats him with dignity. While Davis insists he doesn't remember raping the girl, he admits that he has molested several other children. Nevertheless, the case against him is weak and, unless Juan tells prison authorities about Davis' confessions to him, it is only a matter of time before he is set free. As Juan struggles with what to do, the other prisoners plan to rid themselves of Davis permanently."] ['The film begins with Bronson introducing himself to the camera, stating he always wanted to be famous. He cannot sing, he cannot act, and so he shows the calling he found: the film cuts to a naked Bronson fighting several prison guards in a cage. The film then presents several assorted points from his life, intercut with Bronson on stage before an audience in several stages of performance make-up, and speaking directly to camera while seemingly behind bars. Michael Peterson is shown as a baby, and then as a young boy involved in fights with pupils and a teacher at school using a desk as a weapon. He had his first job at a chip shop, where he committed his first crime, stealing money from the cash register and giving some of the money and a kiss to a young woman who was working there. He then goes on to marry the woman, Irene, and has a baby with her. Peterson goes to jail after robbing a post office and getting away with a small amount of cash. Peterson thrives in prison, comparing it to a hotel room, and every night he displays violent behaviour towards the guards, which causes the other inmates to treat him like a star. The authorities send him to a series of different prisons in hope that one of them will be able to handle him, but nothing seems to help. Eventually he is sent to Rampton Secure Hospital, where he is injected with high doses of sedative drugs every time he tries to start a fight. A man approaches Peterson while he is being subdued with drugs and seems to be sympathetic to Peterson. This soon changes as the man, John White, reveals that he is a paedophile and suggests that he and Peterson should rape a nine-year-old girl. The furious Peterson expresses aggressive hate towards the man, but is unable to do anything against him. In an attempt to prove his sanity and be sent back to prison he finally tries to strangle the paedophile after pretending to be calm for several days. Because of this he is sent to the high-security psychiatric hospital, Broadmoor, where he starts a large-scale riot. News footage from the actual event shows Peterson up on the roof, thus being branded "Her Majesty\'s most expensive prisoner". He is then certified sane and therefore released into the general population. While on parole and living with his uncle in Luton, he becomes involved in bareknuckle boxing and human baiting and changes his name to Charles "Charlie" Bronson, after the famous actor. This career ends quickly after he falls in love with a woman, steals an engagement ring, proposes to her and is arrested for robbery. He was out of prison for only 69 days. Back in prison, he is once again involved in several fights with guards, thus extending his sentence. The character of his violent outbursts starts to become more sophisticated. At one event he holds a prison officer hostage before stripping naked and greasing himself up to fight riot officers. The governor tells him: "If you continue this, you will die here." He becomes interested in art, which the prison officials think is a good way to develop his interacting skills with other human beings. Eventually this project gets out of hand when Bronson holds his art teacher hostage, ties him to a pole, puts an apple in his mouth, and paints the hostage\'s face. The film closes by telling us that Charles Bronson has not been granted a release date, and he is seen badly beaten, his chin torn, groaning, in what is effectively a cage coffin in the centre of a large, dark room.'] ["Dey plays Valerie Smith, a 17-year-old who is lured into participating in a robbery. Captured by the authorities, she is sent to a reformatory, where she finds herself in more and more trouble while trying to adjust. Her sentence multiplied, it appears Valerie may never leave state custody. Valerie becomes the target of unwanted sexual advances from some of the other inmates, until a young African-American lesbian named Tommy  takes her under her protection. Tommy ultimately sacrifices her life to save Valerie's."] ['Ron Decker, a young man convicted for drug possession, is sent to prison where veteran con Earl Copen takes Decker under his wing and introduces him into his own gang. Copen first helps out Decker when three Puerto Ricans attempt to lure him into a cell block to rape him, however Copen sees through their plans and talks to the Pueto Ricans, who quickly abandon interest in Decker. Over the next few days, Copen helps Decker out by getting him better jobs, food, and even transferring him to his own cell block. Mainly however Copen helps Decker\'s case and points out that under a new article passed by the legislature, a judge can modify a sentence in the first 90 days if he sees fit, so Copen  helps write false reports and gives Decker advice to stay out of trouble, which will make Decker appear as a "very small threat to society". However, after large inmate Buck Rowan attempts to rape Decker in the bathroom, Decker stabs Rowan in a fight involving Copen, paralyzing Rowan. Rowan signs a statement claiming Decker and Copen are responsible and their cells are stripped and they are restricted to them. Because of the stabbing, Decker\'s attempt at a modified sentence is denied and his sentence remains five years. Meanwhile, Copen manages to get word out Rowan is "snitching", and an inmate working at the infirmary poisons Rowan\'s IV with cleaning fluid. The case against Copen and Decker is thrown out as the victim and main witness is dead. Shortly after their release, Copen tells Decker he plans to escape, and they plot to hide in a garbage truck and avoid being crushed by the compressor by using a bar to stop it. Decker escapes in one truck, Copen however stays behind, unable to jump into the truck after the appearance of one of the prison guards. Decker manages to flee to Costa Rica and Copen stays behind, after stating "This is my prison, after all" and quoting Satan from Paradise Lost by John Milton: "Better to reign in hell than serve in heaven."'] ["The action opens in a woman's prison, located on an island in the South Seas. Lee Daniels  is the girlfriend of the island's biggest pimp and drug dealer, and she just ran off with $40,000.00USD of his money. Karen Brent  is a leading member of the local anarchist group. Lee and Karen are two of the newest inmates at an all-woman's penitentiary. It's not too long before the warden ships the pair off to another facility - where they are stopped in route by a group of Karen's fellow revolutionaries who are keen to free her. During the big gun battle, things go horribly wrong - the federals find reinforcements, the revolutionaries run, and Lee and Karen flee chained together. So begins their flight across the island. Each girl wants to go different directions - with Karen wanting to overthrow the government and Lee wanting to leave the island with her money - but they can't unlock their chains. Eventually, the two put aside their differences long enough to save their skins from the ogreish and murderous whoremaster. Meanwhile, hunting the pair is the lecherous Ruben  a displaced cowboy."] ['Like the first film, this follows the fraternal bond of two inmates, once again Ching, but this time with "Boss Dragon", a boss of the "Black Rats" gang. Ching escapes the prison in order to see his son, Leung was placed in an orphanage after his mother died, and gets into trouble with Assassin\'s replacement, Officer Zau. Ching escapes a second time to follow Boss Dragon after he lied about jumping off a cliff to escape. Ching looked for his son and intended to bring him along, but was refused by the social worker. He was later apprehended by the police and was brought back to prison. On the way, Officer Zau tortures Ching. Ching gets thrown into the prison cell of the Mainland group and is beaten up by them as they thought he was the one who betrayed Brother Dragon. Skull takes a toothbrush, with a sharpened back and stabs Ching. Ching then convinces Fireball Brother and the other cellmates to set a fire in the prison cell, so as to escape from prison. After the fire breaksout, the prisoners assembles outside, but Ching yells for help and runs towards to the Hongkie group for help. A fight then occurs between the Hongkie group and the Mainlanders, resulting in the arrival of more police personnel, who use water jet sprayers to control the situation, while Skull goes into hiding inside the canteen. Ching follows Skull and a violent fight starts. Officer Zau and his officers witness the fight and instead of breaking it up, Zau gives the order to lock them up, watching them fighting behind the gate. Skull begs Officer Zau to open the gate but Zau refuses. Skull self reproaches on his mistakes to Ching, and when Ching turns his back, Skull tries to stab Ching with the toothbrush again. Ching eventually knocks Skull down. Officer Zau then opens up the gate,and tries to use his baton to hit Ching, but was stopped by a good officer. Unfortunately, the good officer gets knocked down by Zau\'s barbaric act. Ching picks up the toothbrush and hides it, while Officer Zau approaches him. A violent fight starts and Ching uses the toothbrush, and stabs it into Officer Zau\'s left eye. Officer Zau screams in pain and engages in delirium. Officer Zau collapses on the floor and Ching faints. Ching awakes in a hospital and takes up his son\'s report card and reads it. His cellmate commented that his son\'s "handwriting was not bad", also a message for his dad: Dad, don\'t be naughty in prison, Don\'t let me worry about you, remember... this sentence is meaningful, Tolerate, Tolerate, Tolerate.... Ching was discharged from the hospital and was being brought back to his cell, an officer told him that he was lucky that he had an officer to stand witness for him about the fight. A superintendent visits the cell and it is a coincidence that they met together when he escaped the prison for the first time. Ching requests the superintendent, when he visits the orphanage, to look out for his son. As the ending credits roll, an officer says "Long time no see" to Ching, and it is believed to be Officer Scarface from the previous movie, Ching then self mutters ... about how unlucky he is.'] ['The film tells the story of the life and execution of Barbara Graham  a prostitute and convicted perjurer. Graham is the product of a broken home, and works luring men into fixed card games. At one point, she attempts to go straight but marries the "wrong man," and has a child. He is a drug addict and she ends their relationship. When her life falls apart, she returns to her former professions and becomes involved with men who have murdered a woman. The police arrest them, and her, and her companions accuse her of the murder to reduce their own chances of going to the gas chamber. She claims her innocence, but is convicted and executed.'] ['The movie takes place in 1970. The Vietnam War is escalating and United States President Richard Nixon has just decided on a "secret" bombing campaign in Cambodia. Faced with a growing anti-war movement, President Nixon decrees a state of emergency based on the McCarran Internal Security Act of 1950, which authorizes federal authorities, without reference to Congress, to detain persons judged to be a "risk to internal security". Members from the anti-war movement, civil rights movement, feminist movement, conscientious objectors, and Communist party, mostly university students, are arrested and face an emergency tribunal made up of community members. With state and federal jails at their top capacity, the convicted face the option of spending their full conviction time in federal prison or three days at Punishment Park. There, they will have to traverse 53 miles of the hot California desert in three days, without water or food, while being chased by National Guardsmen and law enforcement officers as part of their field training. If they succeed and reach the American flag at the end of the course, they will be set free. If they fail by getting "arrested", they will serve the remainder of their sentence in federal prison.{{cite book}}'] ["When Colin Briggs is placed in an experimental program to finish off his prison sentence, all he wants is peace and quiet. But after his wise, elderly roommate Fergus introduces him to gardening, Colin uncovers a talent and passion for plants. Teaming up with his fellow inmates, Colin gets the attention of celebrated gardener Georgina Woodhouse. Soon, the unexpected gardeners are preparing to compete for the Hampton Court Flower Show. And when Colin meets Georgina's beautiful daughter Primrose, he discovers another reason to fight for his freedom: true love."] ["One night, several prison inmates take guards prisoner to protest brutal conditions in their prison. They then make their demands known to the Warden. A liberal-minded administrator who has complained for many years about the same conditions. James V. Dunn, the prisoners' leader, meets the press outside the cell block and makes demands that they will no longer tolerate the brutal guards, substandard food, overcrowding and barely liveable conditions. The next day inmates from two other blocks start a riot but they are forced back into the cell blocks by the state police. Negotiations between the inmates and prison officials are stymied by the state politicians who do not want to make any concessions. Meanwhile factions within the prisoners begin to vie for power and control within the rebellious cell block. At the same time, the state police are given the go ahead to blow a hole in the wall to end the siege. But the inmates inside create a human shield by tying the hostages to the interior wall. Eventually the governor agrees to sign a petition from the prisoners. The riot ends when the inmates see the next-day newspapers saying that they had won. But it's a pyrrhic victory for the leader, Dunn. Two weeks later he is called to the warden's office. The state legislature had overturned the Governor's signature thus repudiating all the prisoners' demands. The Warden tells Dunn that he will stand trial for leading the riot and taking hostages. Charges that will mostly likely mean an additional 30-year sentence. But the Warden, who explains that he is to be replaced, tells Dunn that he did get a small victory, the mentally-ill inmates are to be moved to asylums and some prisoners will be paroled. The warden tells Dunn that his actions were front page news which may bring about some good. The downbeat ending is indicative of the realistic social commentary prevalent throughout the film."] ['19-year-old Claude begins a 10-year sentence at a penitentiary. Rousseau, a member of Tarzan\'s gang, attempts to rape him soon after his entry, but Claude is not a novice at fighting and dissuades him from further attempts. Tarzan puts out a contract to assassinate him. The leader of a rival gang, Zizi Grenier, reveals the contract to Claude and offers his protection if Claude will fight for him. The two gangs hold public boxing events to avoid all-out war, with disputed territories put on the line. Claude accepts, but over the course of these duels learns of the power games playing out in the background. Claude becomes friends with Lucia  and Jacques . He tells them about his love for a girl named Karine and their misadventures which led to his imprisonment, including petty theft, car theft, drug use, an attempted armed robbery gone wrong, and finally involuntary manslaughter during their escape. Lucia is later found dead in her cell. Claude quits the fights, and befriends a man known as "the Phantom". After Claude is raped with the secret backing of the prison administration, the Phantom helps him escape by illicitly getting him into the prison workshop, and hiding him in a locker shipped out of the prison. Claude rejoins Karine in her drug business, but on a delivery comes across one of the gang members who aided in his rape, arranges a meeting, and murders him. He is arrested and returned to the penitentiary, to learn of Jacques\' suicide. Soon after he is subdued when he learns that he has AIDS, and at the Phantom\'s request is transferred to a minimum-security prison. The movie ends with a letter from the Phantom to Karine informing her of his transfer.'] ['Frank "women in prison" story that sympathetically tracks several inmates through their imprisonment and subsequent return to society. Some are successfully rehabilitated; some are not. Female prisoners talk about the events that brought them there and each of their stories is detailed in a series of flashbacks; notably the upper-class Jean , the brash Betty  and the pregnant Pat . The Weak and the Wicked follows the inmate’s progress behind bars; Jean’s ordeal improves after some sympathetic bonding with her fellow inmates, followed by a move to an experimental open prison.'] ['Frank Ross  is a crusading reporter for a big city newspaper who is on the trail of a crooked assistant D.A., Jesse Hanley who is running for Governor. At the Banton Construction Co., Ross sees Hanley and his men burning books and ledgers before a possible investigation brought about by the paper that Ross works for. His editor Patterson backs Ross in getting Hanley but Hanley decides to get rid of him, so frames him. Knocked out and covered in whiskey, he is put in a runaway car which collides with another, killing 3 young people and is thrown in prison for one to twenty years on a charge of automotive manslaughter. He meets a gangster, Stacey , who, as there is no death penalty in that state, is in for 199 years. They work in the twine-making room together and Stacey falls into Ross\'s debt when Ross saves him from a knife thrown by another inmate. Ross\'s reporter friends outside are trying to help him win vindication, by finding the real culprits, but they are having no success. Stacey agrees to help Ross find the real killers, if he helps him escape from a courthouse. They arrange that Stacey be named by Ross as guilty for killing of Limpy, another inmate and hated stool pigeon. Ross goes along with the plot, but antagonizes Stacey by tipping off his old newspaper so the court room is full of reporters which jeopardises his escape. He escapes by leaping from a window onto a truck with a soft landing but makes no effort to find the real culprits who were responsible for Ross\'s predicament. Ross, meanwhile, is implicated in the escape and after being beaten up by brutal guards, spends five months in "the hole". This is a cell where prisoners in solitary confinement are handcuffed to the bars, standing up and are fed bread and water. Ross who has become a bad character is promised a chance at parole by the warden if he behaves but unknown to him, Hanley\'s stooge, Grayce has been appointed head of the Parole Board and turns Ross down, meaning he must wait another five years before he can try again for parole. Stacey is convinced by Ross\'s reporter girlfriend, Joyce  to carry out his promise. He finds the man who "fingered" Ross and gets from him the name of the man who framed him: "Polecat", who just happens to be a jailhouse informant widely disliked in the same prison. Stacey, impressed with Ross being a "square guy," decides to go back to prison to find the informant and free Ross. Stacey and Ross are caught up in a jailhouse riot using revolvers which have been smuggled in. A vicious prison guard is killed and the warden and some of his men are captured, as hostages. But the National Guard have been sent for and attack the escaping prisoners with machine guns, gas and hand grenades. Stacey gets hold of Polecat and has him confess to framing Ross, where the warden and his men can hear and Ross is vindicated. Most of the escaping convicts die including the badly wounded Stacey who takes Polecat with him and deliberately gets them both killed, so that Polecat cannot go back on his confession. As Ross leaves prison with his girlfriend, Governor Hanley is arrested for murder.'] ["Egle  is an inmate of a female jail. Lina  is a nervous newcomer who is much more temperate, with some naiveness even. Egle influences Lina and she convinces her so, successfully, Lina extorts the man who had incriminated her . Lina is released out of the prison thus. However, still in jail, Egle meets Lina again as she has been detained by exerting prostitution, with a marginal demeanor which is due to Egle's previous influence on her."] ["After the establishing shot of Montluc prison, but before the opening credits, the camera rests on a plaque commemorating the 7,000 men who died there at the hands of the Nazis.  On the way to jail, Fontaine , a member of the French Resistance, seizes an opportunity to escape his Nazi captors when the car carrying him is forced to stop, but he is soon apprehended, beaten for his attempt, handcuffed and taken to the jail. At first he is incarcerated in a cell on the first floor of the prison, and he is able to talk to three French men who are exercising in the courtyard. The men obtain a safety pin for Fontaine, which gives him the ability to unlock his handcuffs. This turns out to be pointless because, in reassigning him to a cell on the top floor, the guards remove his handcuffs anyway. Once in cell 107 on the top floor, Fontaine begins inspecting the door and figures out that the boards are joined together with low quality wood. Using an iron spoon he deliberately neglects to return after a meal, he begins to chip away at the wood. After weeks of work, he is able to remove three boards from the door, roam the hallway, get back in his cell and restore the appearance of the door. Fontaine is not the only prisoner trying to escape. Orsini  makes an attempt, but fails to get very far because of the lack of hooks on his rope. Orsini is tossed back in his cell and beaten up by the guards, and is to be executed within a few days. Fontaine is not deterred from his plan; he makes hooks from the light-fitting in his cell. He then fashions himself ropes from old blankets and fastens the hooks to the rope with wires taken from his bed. The other prisoners grow somewhat skeptical of his escape plans, saying he is taking too long. After being taken to headquarters to be informed that he is sentenced to execution, Fontaine is taken back to jail and put back in the same cell. Soon he gets a cellmate, François Jost , a sixteen-year-old young man who had joined the German army. Fontaine is not sure whether he can trust Jost  and realizes he'll either have to kill him or take him with him in the escape. In the end, after Jost admits he too wants to escape, he chooses to trust the boy and tells him the plan. One night, they escape by gaining access to the roof of the building, roping down to the courtyard, killing the Nazi guard there, climbing the wall and then roping to an adjacent building. They walk away from the prison undetected, and the film ends."] ['Boston Blackie  helps the war effort by getting prisoners released on parole to help in a World War II factory. Those chosen have to be "good prisoners" who want to support America\'s war effort. As usual, there is the proverbial black sheep who immediately returns to crime after his parole. If Boston Blackie is to save this project, he has to capture the criminal and find the stolen loot.'] ["During the 1920's, before the 1944 California prison reform, Warden Ben Rickey  rules Folsom Prison with ruthless control. He believes that prisons should be used more for punishing the captive convicts, rather than using the time that they would spend behind the walls of the prison as an opportunity to reform their unruly behavior and repeated returns to a life behind bars. His methods of control are violent, torturous, and meant to beat the prisoners into submission Chuck Daniels , one of the prisons toughest inmates, and his group of followers are intent on arranging a successful escape. However, after a botched escape attempt which is thwarted by Rickey, a riot ensues resulting in the deaths of two correctional officers and a few prisoners. Rickey, with his iron fist, doles out punishments that are severe and extremely cruel to any and all prisoners who are connected to the incident. With the violence increasing, and the warden's inhumane treatment towards the inmates, the board of directors of the prison decide to hire an assistant, Mark Benson , to act as the captain of the guards. Mr.Benson believes that the inmates, although they have been convicted of the most heinous of crimes, deserve to be treated better and given an opportunity to change. He thinks that they should be educated on how to live on the outside, prior to release, in order to increase their chances of becoming productive members of society and reduce the rate of recidivism. Benson makes many changes during his employ at Folsom Prison including adding meat to the menu, allowing the inmates to talk amongst each other during meal times, and promoting rehabilitation programs such as employment help. Additionally, he makes changes to the way the guards do their jobs as well, by expecting the guards to step it up a notch by coming to work clean, behave in a professional way, and discontinue the senseless beatings of inmates that cause trouble. The changes that Benson makes go against the wishes of the warden and he eventually leaves his post as captain of the guards. With Benson gone Warden Rickey reverts all reforms and the inmates retaliate with yet another escape attempt. A riot erupts and in the process many men are fatally wounded."] ['{{Multiple issues}} Writer Skip Donahue  and actor Harry Monroe  are fired from their jobs in New York, and leave for Hollywood. Along the way, they take odd jobs to make ends meet. In one such job, Skip and Harry dress up as two woodpeckers, performing a song and dance routine as part of a promotion for a bank. Harry and Skip remove their costumes to take a break, and two men who have been watching steal the costumes and perform the routine as though they were Harry and Skip. The men then use the costumes to rob the bank, and in the confusion Harry and Skip are immediately arrested, whisked through a speedy trial and handed 125-year jail sentences. Their court-appointed lawyer, Len Garber , advises them to wait until he can appeal their case. Life in a maximum-security prison proves difficult for both Skip and Harry. After a failed attempt at faking insanity, they make friends with Jesus Ramirez , a real bank robber, and Rory Schultebrand , a gay man who killed his stepfather. Rory takes an immediate fancy to Harry, much to Harry\'s chagrin. Having been there a while, Jesus and Rory inform Skip and Harry of the numerous goings-on in the prison, as well as the other members and who to watch out for, such as Jack Graham , who runs the cell block, and is in charge of the contraband that comes in; and ax murderer Blade , who runs the "third-world" side of the cell block. The most feared inmate, however, is Grossberger , a convicted mass murderer of incredible size and strength who refuses to speak and is feared by the inmates and guards alike. Seeing something "kind" in Grossberger, the naive Skip attempts to talk with him, unsuccessfully. After being in prison for three months, Skip and Harry are brought to see Warden Walter Beatty  and Deputy Warden Wilson , the head guard. They wish to run a "test" with Harry and Skip on a mechanical bull in the warden\'s office. To everyone\'s surprise, Skip rides the bull at full power, so Beatty selects him to compete in the prison\'s annual rodeo competition. Out in the yard, Jesus and Rory inform Harry and Skip of the truth behind the rodeo: it\'s really a crooked operation run by Beatty and Warden Henry Sampson , who heads the neighboring prison. The money from the rodeo, which is supposed to go to the prisoners, really ends up in the wardens\' pockets. Knowing that Skip will be selected as the prison\'s new "champion", Jesus and Rory hatch a plan for escape. In order for it to work, Skip must refuse to participate in the rodeo: the longer he holds out, the better chance he has at "striking a deal" with the warden. After Skip refuses to participate, the angry warden orders Deputy Wilson to "straighten him out", which Wilson is only too happy to do. Prison life soon becomes more difficult than ever for Harry and Skip as Wilson and the guards attempt to break them down. First they are put on hard labor detail and deprived of both water and sleep. When this fails, the guards lock Skip up, overnight, hanging by his wrists and ankles. Skip awakens the next morning to discover that his bad back is cured. Wilson then puts Skip in solitary confinement; Skip asks for an extra day. Being returned to his cell, Skip discovers that he and Harry have a new cell mate: Grossberger, whom they quickly befriend. Harry and Skip are visited by Garber, along with his cousin Meredith , who is fighting to prove their innocence. Skip takes an immediate liking to Meredith, who informs him she never gets personally involved with clients. Meanwhile, Warden Beatty is furious at Wilson for not breaking Harry and Skip yet, and decides to handle things himself. Soon afterward, Harry is sent to the prison\'s hospital ward for appendicitis. A prisoner in the neighboring bed  tells Harry of the horrors of the ward: he himself was admitted for a hernia operation, and the doctor castrated him in the process. As soon as Harry sees the doctor , he runs screaming from the ward. Skip meets with Warden Beatty to make a deal. In exchange for Skip\'s participation in the rodeo, Skip requests his own crew , along with a much bigger jail cell, all according to the plan. Warden Beatty agrees, telling Deputy Wilson to have an inmate guard watch them at all times. Willson assigns Graham and Blade to the task, who anxiously voice their resentment: Graham, who resents being "pushed aside" for Skip, and Blade, who regard the group as "brown-noses". Wilson tells Graham of his own agenda: Skip will not leave the rodeo alive. Training Skip and Harry for the rodeo, Graham ensures that their lives - especially Harry\'s - are made difficult. While practicing for the rodeo, Skip, Harry, Jesus, Rory and Grossberger acquire the numerous tools they require for their escape, using the prison\'s metal shop to transform them into seemingly everyday items. In their new large jail cell, the quintet have numerous comforts: books, a television, a radio, and a guitar, among other things. While relaxing in their cell, Grossberger breaks his silence when he sings "Birmingham Jail" during an awkward moment. Meredith has gotten a job as a waitress in a country western strip club, so she may search for possible suspects. When she meets the real crooks - recognized by a tattoo on one of their hands that a witness  saw on one of them - Meredith calls Len Garber, and the police. The rodeo begins, and Skip, Harry, Jesus, Rory and Grossberger all perform their tasks flawlessly, arousing no suspicions, in spite of Wilson and Graham\'s attempt to kill Skip: Graham spikes a horse Skip is riding, but Skip manages to stay on the horse and dismount, unhurt. Graham then puts a lock on the gate, trapping Skip inside with an out-of control bull, but Grossberger breaks the lock off, allowing Skip out through the chute with the bull. During every major event when everyone is distracted, one of them slips out through a secret opening, taking them through air vents to either a restroom, where Jesus\' wife Teresa  waits to provide them disguises, or through a vent to a hollow pushcart, manned by Jesus\' brother Ramon . Once through, they put on their disguises and re-enter the grounds as customers. Skip is set to compete against reigning champion Caesar Geronimo  to swipe the prize: a bag of money  from the horns of a large, Brahman bull. Skip asks Caesar if he\'s tired of being his warden\'s stooge, suggesting that they give the money to the prisoners, even offering to help Caesar win if he chooses to do so. Both contestants play hard, but Caesar is the winner, grabbing the bag. Inspired by Skip\'s words, Caesar throws the bag over the fence to the inmates, much to the shock and outrage of wardens Beatty and Sampson. Skip prepares his own escape through the secret opening, but Graham shows up, suspicious. Grossberger knocks Graham out and Skip makes his escape into the waiting pushcart. He\'s herded off into the waiting camper, and the group drives off. Arriving at a secret meeting spot, Jesus and Rory quickly make introductions, then bid Harry and Skip farewell as they all pile into a waiting car, heading off to Mexico. Harry and Skip hop in the other waiting car, only to be stopped by another car containing Len Garber and Meredith. She tells Harry and Skip that, thanks to her work, the police have captured the real crooks, who have confessed to the bank robbery that wrongly convicted them. Harry and Skip, ecstatic, decide to resume their original plans of heading to Hollywood. Skip asks Meredith to go with him, and Meredith, on a whim, says yes.'] ['James Rainwood  is a model citizen. He is happily married to a beautiful woman, has a modest home in Long Beach, California, works as an engineer for American Airlines, drives a classic Pontiac Trans Am, pays his bills, and enjoys his ordinary life. Detectives Mike Parnell  and Danny Scaliese ([[Richard Young  are two corrupt cops who specialize in making drug busts. Rather than completing the busts properly and handing over all the drugs as evidence, they always steal a portion for their own use or for resale to other dealers. After taking a cocaine hit and being unable to concentrate properly, Parnell takes down the address incorrectly for his next drug bust. Instead, they break into Jimmie\'s home, expecting to find drugs. When Rainwood walks out of the bathroom with a handheld hair dryer in hand, Parnell shoots him, thinking it\'s a weapon. In order to cover up their mistake, they frame Jimmie by planting drugs throughout his house and putting a firearm in his hand. With false evidence stacked up against him  and his only defense being his word against two cops, he receives a 6 year prison sentence. Jimmie is less than well versed to the horrors of prison life, something demonstrated well when he first witnesses a man get stabbed with a screwdriver and set on fire. Not long after his arrival, a vicious prisoner named Jingles and his gang, the Black Guerrilla Family take an interest in Jimmie. After getting savagely beaten by Jingles and his gang and being threatened with sexual assault, Jimmie comes to realize that all the rumblings about having to "take care of his problem" is his only recourse. With the help of a benevolent and influential convict named Virgil Cane , a plexiglas shank is fashioned for Jimmie. He stabs Jingles to death, and ends up spending three months in a windowless, subterranean solitary confinement, though the guards are unable to prove Jimmie did the job. Upon his release back to general population, Jimmie is received as a minor hero. Upon getting paroled after three years, he sets out to seek revenge on the detectives who framed him. Malcolm , another ex-con Jimmie befriended on the inside, assists Rainwood in his cause, along with Jimmie\'s wife Kate , who learns of Scalise and Parnell\'s involvement in the cover-up when they begin to harass her. An Internal Affairs detective, John Fitzgerald, becomes involved after Kate tells him about a racist remark Parnell made  about Fitzgerald and his department. Parnell makes the mistake of telling off Fitzgerald after being confronted about the Rainwood case, making Kate\'s lie seem more truthful and Fitzgerald now more determined than ever to find the truth. The harassment of the Rainwoods escalates as they get closer to the truth. The movie\'s climax is a showdown and shootout that leaves Scalise dead after crashing his car and Parnell about to die at the hands of Jimmie by Parnell\'s own switchblade. As Jimmie is about to kill Parnell, Kate speaks up. Jimmie throws Parnell to the ground, leaving him to his soon-to-be-former colleagues. The movie ends with Parnell in the general prison population , and spotted from a distance by Virgil, who openly addresses him as "Officer", drawing the attention of the other inmates. Parnell looks up to the balcony where Virgil is standing, his face frozen in a mask of fear. "Ain\'t life a motherfucker?" Virgil asks, repeating a line he stated when he and Jimmie said their goodbyes earlier. The movie ends with the final scene showing the epilogue of Jimmie Rainwood\'s life, working again for American Airlines, finally getting his life back.'] ['The family man Wade Porter  is living the American Dream with his girlfriend Laura  and their son Michael: they have a nice house, he has just raised a loan to make his company grow and they are going to get married. However their dream becomes a nightmare when Wade unintentionally kills a burglar that had broken into their house in the middle of the night on his lawn. He is put on trial and accepts a deal proposed by the prosecutor, being sentenced to three years in prison. During the transportation, there is an incident in the bus and Wade is framed and sent to the Security Housing Unit in Corcoran State Prison under the command of the corrupt Lieutenant Jackson . His cell-mate John Smith  who was serving a life sentence after avenging the death of his family befriends Wade and gives helpful advice and hope to him.'] ["The story begins as Frank Morris  arrives at the maximum security prison Alcatraz, having been sent there after escaping from several other prisons. He is sent in to meet the warden , who curtly informs him that no one has ever escaped from Alcatraz. Eventually he meets his old friends, brothers John and Clarence Anglin , and he makes the acquaintance of the prisoner in the cell next to his, Charlie Butts . Morris befriends numerous other inmates, including English , a black inmate serving two life sentences for killing two white men in self-defense; the eccentric Litmus , and the elderly artist and chrysanthemum grower Doc . Morris also makes an enemy of the rapist Wolf , whom Morris beats in the shower room after Wolf attempts to come onto him. Still seething from this encounter, Wolf attacks Morris in the yard and both men spend time in the hole. When the warden discovers that Doc has painted a portrait of him, as well as other policemen on the island itself, he permanently removes Doc's painting privileges; in response, a depressed Doc cuts his fingers off with a hatchet from the prison workshop and is led away. Later, the warden finds one of Doc's chrysanthemums and crushes it in front of the inmates; an angry Litmus leaps at the warden and suffers a fatal heart attack. The warden coldly reminds Morris that some men are destined never to leave Alcatraz, alive. Morris notices that the concrete around the grille in his cell is weak and can be chipped way, which evolves into an escape plan. Over the next few months Morris, Butts and the Anglins dig through the walls of their cells with spoons , make papier-mâché dummies to act as decoys, and construct a raft out of raincoats. On the night of their escape, Butts loses his nerve and does not go with the others. Morris and the Anglin brothers make it out of the prison and are last seen paddling their raft into the night. When their escape is discovered the following morning, a massive manhunt ensues. The warden is adamant that the men drowned, despite no bodies being found. He finds a chrysanthemum on the shore of Angel Island and throws it into the bay after being told that they do not grow there."] ['Deep in space, above a fiery prison planet named Dante, Dante 01, a scientific space station orbits the planet. Its inhabitants include two security guards, two scientists and six prisoners whose crimes were so severe that they volunteered to live under experimentation rather than face death penalties. One day, a shuttle arrives with a new scientist named Elisa. Her passenger is a man of unknown origins, who wakes up severely disoriented, unable to speak, and often falls into blank stares at what he sees as a bright, shimmering light. He seems to be aware of his surroundings, though, but is unable — or unwilling — to interact with them for the most part. He is introduced to the prisoners: their leader César, his right hand man Lazare, the large Moloch, the socially reclusive Bouddha, Raspoutine, a religious man who believes in repentance with God and the only one who sides with Saint George in the beginning, and Attila, a computer hacker. Raspoutine claims that the new one was sent by God to save the lot of them, calling him "Saint George, the Dragonslayer", because of a tattoo "George" has. Elisa and the station\'s head researcher, Perséphone, are at odds over their research methods. Meanwhile, the arrival prompts the station\'s commander Charon to work with Attila in hacking into Elisa\'s files and finding out what she is really there for. Much to Attila\'s horror, her experiments authorize her to kill all of them for the sake of the research. Meanwhile, Bouddha\'s self-righteous killing pattern takes effect when he sees George in great pain, and attempts to strangle him in order to alleviate his suffering. This leads to infighting amongst the other prisoners, and the wardens use gas to knock them out. Bouddha becomes Elisa\'s first experiment. She injects him with nanotechnology and returns him to the prison hold. Bouddha\'s own unbearable pain from the nanites bonding with his DNA summons George, who is somehow able to remove them from him  and Bouddha becomes well again. Bouddha then becomes as convinced as Raspoutine that Saint George is a miracle worker and befriends him, swearing to protect George. Moloch attempts to attack George. In the fight, Moloch pulls a knife, and Raspoutine\'s struggle with him causes Moloch to accidentally slit his own throat. Gas pours in to knock the group out, but not before George runs over to assist Moloch. The prison guards discover, to their amazement, that Moloch has no wound on his throat, and is alive and well, although unconscious. On their way out they inject César with the nanotechnology as they did for Bouddha and depart. Perséphone\'s assumption that George is a miracle worker is scoffed at by Elisa, but Moloch\'s doubts prompt César to await an impending usurping of his authority, and he plots to get rid of George. However, César\'s sudden bouts of pain and illness from the nanotechnology render him unable to take care of George himself, and Lazare and Moloch are sent in his stead. Meanwhile, Charon is contacted by Attila and learns that Attila has locked all of the main computer systems in an attempt to resist their eventual sacrifice. While Bouddha and Raspoutine are distracted, George is attacked by Lazare, and stabbed several times in the chest and abdomen. During experiments on George\'s corpse, Perséphone has doubts about Elisa\'s methods, but she is overruled by Elisa and Charon. Before Elisa can continue with her experiments, George, who is supposedly dead, wakes up completely healed, grabs Elisa and uses her as a hostage to reach the prison quarters before releasing her. César is in severe pain from the nanomachines, and George cures him. Attila appears and tells the others of his plans to destroy them all out of spite, by making the space station crash into Dante. Objecting to this, the prisoners subdue Attila while George attempts to cure him, but Attila manages to break free and runs away. César and his crew attempt to catch Attila; they eventually find him, only to see that he has hanged himself. With Attila dead, their plans for stopping the station\'s decaying orbit require the scientific personnel and the prisoners to work together, since the mechanism necessary to stop the decaying orbit is located under a trapdoor below the prisoner\'s quarters. The prisoners agree, and while Charon and Perséphone lead the security to the prisoner\'s area, they leave Elisa alone to man the controls. As the station inhabitants work to open the hatch to the manual control unit, the gas goes off, knocking out the lot of them. Elisa preps and attempts to escape via shuttle, but Lazare, who had to hold his breath during gas emission, forces her into letting him escape with her. As the others awaken, one of the guards goes to check on the shuttle, and finds that as part of his meddling, Attila had also locked the shuttle controls — as a result, Elisa and Lazare are killed when the shuttle crash lands on the planet below. Opening the panel, the group finds that the hatch to the override room is filled to the top with boiling water. César realizes he is the only one who can properly fit into the little space, and is wrapped in some protective fabrics, covered with cold water and jumps in. He loses his protective goggles on the short trip, and emerges on the other side horribly burned and dies in the compartment before entering the six digit code necessary to reset the control computer. Though dead, he indirectly managed to enable their escape from the planet\'s orbit: in a strange epilogue, Saint George emerges from the station in a space suit and floats above the planet on thin air — he could not save the station, so he changed the context, suddenly using the full extent of his strange and inexplicable powers  to terraform Dante into a livable planet, while his body disintegrated in space as a result.'] ['Construction worker Vince Everett  accidentally kills a drunk and belligerent man in a barroom brawl. He is sentenced to one to ten years in the state penitentiary for manslaughter. His new cellmate, washed-up country and western singer Hunk Houghton , after hearing Vince sing and strum his guitar, starts teaching him. Hunk convinces Vince to participate in an upcoming inmate show which is broadcast on nationwide television. Vince gets numerous fan letters as a result, but Hunk sees to it they are not delivered. Hunk then convinces a reluctant Vince to sign a contract to become equal partners in his act.  Upon his release 20 months later, Vince is finally given his fan mail by the warden. Hunk promises Vince a singing job at a nightclub owned by a friend. At the club, Vince meets Peggy Van Alden , a promoter for singing star Mickey Alba. Vince is surprised when the club owner  refuses to let him sing and instead offers him a job as a busboy. Determined to prove the skeptic wrong, Vince goes on stage when the house band takes a break. He starts to sing "Young and Beautiful", but, enraged by a customer who is paying no attention and laughing about something else, smashes his guitar and storms out of the club. Peggy follows Vince out and convinces him to record a demo so that he can listen to himself. Vince does not like what he hears, but Peggy helps him improve. Vince then makes a recording of "Don\'t Leave Me Now", which Peggy takes to Geneva Records. The manager is unimpressed, but agrees to play the tape for his boss in New York. The next day, Peggy informs Vince that the song has been sold. She then takes Vince to a party at her parents\' home, but Vince offends a guest he mistakenly believes is belittling him and leaves. When an angry and offended Peggy confronts him, Vince steals two kisses. When they go to buy Vince\'s hit single, however, Vince and Peggy are shocked to discover that the recording is Mickey Alba\'s. Vince storms into the Geneva Records office and slaps the manager. To avoid having his work stolen again, Vince suggests that he and Peggy form their own record company, which they name Laurel Records, and hire attorney Mr. Shores ([[Vaughn Taylor . For his first project with his new label, Vince records "Treat Me Nice", and begins pitching it. Rejected by everyone, Peggy finally convinces friend and disc jockey Teddy Talbot ([[Dean Jones  to air the song. It becomes an immediate hit. Later that evening, Vince kisses Peggy and asks her out to celebrate, but is disappointed when he finds out that she has already accepted a dinner date with Teddy. Vince later gets the chance to appear again on television. During a party, he introduces Peggy to Laury Jackson , a singer Vince has signed to the label. A little later, Hunk arrives, having been paroled, and persuades a reluctant Vince to give him a spot on the upcoming TV show. Vince rehearses "Jailhouse Rock" in a stylized "cell block" with other "inmates". Hunk\'s number is cut because his style of music has become outdated. Afterward, Vince points out that according to his lawyer, the contract Hunk had him sign in prison is worthless, but Vince offers him ten percent—not fifty—which Hunk accepts.  Within a few months, Vince is a star, but Peggy is no longer on speaking terms with him, as he has let his success go to his head. Vince then signs a movie deal with Climax Studios. The studio head asks him to spend the day with his new leading lady, Sherry Wilson , for publicity purposes. The actress is less than thrilled with her co-star at first, but eventually falls for him. Meanwhile, Hunk grows increasingly tired of Vince and his self-centered attitude. When Peggy shows up unexpectedly, Vince is happy to see her at first, but becomes upset when she says she came only to talk about business. Mr. Shores then approaches him with an extravagant offer from Geneva Records to purchase Laurel Records and sign him to a rich contract. Peggy refuses to sell, but Vince announces that he is going ahead with the deal since he owns controlling interest, which upsets her. Finally pushed too far by Vince\'s treatment of Peggy, Hunk repeatedly punches the star, even though Vince refuses to fight back. Hunk finally hits Vince in the throat, endangering his singing ability. Vince is rushed to a hospital. Vince forgives the contrite Hunk, and realizes he loves Peggy and she loves him. Though his doctor declares that his vocal cords are fully recovered, Vince is worried that his singing voice might have been affected, but a rendition of "Young and Beautiful" to Peggy reassures him.'] ['The film follows the life of David Marshall Williams , who invented the semi-automatic M1 Carbine used in World War II. Williams was found distilling illegal moonshine, and was held responsible for the death of a federal officer during a raid on his still. He was sentenced to thirty years hard labor. He cycled through the prison system, until a firm, but compassionate warden, H.T.&nbsp;Peoples  allowed him to work in a prison tool shop. There he invented the gas system for his famous rifle, and eventually was released from prison in 1929 and worked with Winchester Firearms on development of the M1 Carbine.'] ['Common Bonds tells the story of K.C., a rebellious teenage girl serving time in community service at a senior citizens’ home. Though at first K.C. is distant and defiant, she gradually is pulled into the lives of the seniors. Together with Norman, an irrepressible septuagenarian, she exposes and thwarts a con man who preys on the unsuspecting residents. In the process Norman and K.C.’s lives are changed through their discovery of the common bonds of understanding and support that tie both generations together.'] ['Frank Leone , a skilled mechanic and footballer, is a model prisoner nearing the end of his sentence in a low-security prison. One night while sleeping in his cell, guards arrive and forcibly take Leone to maximum security Gateway Prison. Warden Drumgoole  claims that Leone will serve hard time—it is revealed that Leone was the only person to escape from Treadmore and did so on Drumgoole\'s watch. Leone escaped because his mentor and friend was dying; Leone was refused even one hour to see him. Leone went to the press about the warden\'s treatment of his prisoners, resulting in Drumgoole\'s transfer to Gateway and Leone serving in minimum security before his transfer. Leone befriends fellow prisoners Dallas , Eclipse  and First-Base . The foursome refurbish a Ford Mustang, which Eclipse nicknames "Maybelline." After Leone reluctantly allows First-Base to start the car he refuses to turn it off and drives the Mustang out of the garage, Drumgoole has them watch as Chink and other inmates destroy the car. As punishment, Leone is confined to solitary confinement in a small, roach-infested chamber for six weeks. After weeks in the hole, Leone is getting beaten by prison guards when Captain Meissner  stops them. Meissner learns that the warden ordered the beating. Leone gets intimidated by prisoner Chink Weber , who shows off his belt buckle . Chink steals Leone\'s food in the mess hall and taunts him. Drumgoole apparently has ordered that letters addressed to Leone from his girlfriend Melissa , be stashed away, but Braden , the prison\'s sole conscientious guard, gives them to Leone. The warden wants an excuse to slap Leone with more time, so he allows Chink and his bullying friends to kill First-Base in the gym. Leone fights and defeats Chink, but doesn\'t kill him because he knows that\'s precisely what Drumgoole wants. Then one of Chink\'s friends stabs Leone from behind with a shank. Leone recovers in the prison infirmary where Wiley  claims to be an old friend from Treadmore. He says that Drumgoole actually has agreed to reduce Wiley\'s jail time if he will rape and murder Melissa. Leone goes berserk. Dallas offers to help Leone escape and plays along but eventually delivers Leone right into Drumgoole\'s hands. Drumgoole says he does not make deals with prisoners; Dallas will rejoin the prison population, who now know he is a "stool pigeon." Dallas attacks Drumgoole, whose guards pummel and almost kill the snitch. The warden leaves his men to subdue Leone, who is enraged when he finds out that Drumgoole wanted him to try to escape so he would receive a mandatory 10-year sentence for the second escape attempt. Wiley shows up as one of Drumgoole\'s guards. The guards attempt to shove Leone\'s face into a cloud of hot steam, but Leone pulls one of the guards into the steam instead. He knocks out Wiley and fights Manly , defeating him. He then goes to help Dallas, who is dying, but apologetic. Leone is then attacked from behind by Manly, but Dallas electrocutes himself and Manly with a high-voltage cable. Enraged, Leone steals into Drumgoole\'s office and takes him to the room with the electric chair. Leone activates the generator and secures his hand to the switch. Captain Meissner, Braden and their men point their guns at Leone, but if he is shot he will trip the switch and kill Drumgoole. The warden confesses to his plot to increase Leone\'s jail time. Frank pulls the switch, but nothing happens because Leone removed the main fuse. Meissner\'s men cuff Frank, whom the warden orders taken to the hole. Meissner and Braden take Drumgoole into custody, though the warden insists that he merely played along with Leone. Meissner makes a judicial inquiry into the matter, and Leone serves only the jail time required of him in the first place. Frank leaves prison to the cheers of his fellow inmates. He meets up with Eclipse one last time, and receives a Cuban cigar which supposedly was given to Eclipse by Fidel Castro. Leone parts ways with Meissner, saying that he will miss the tough captain\'s "incredible smile." Frank exits Gateway and embraces the waiting Melissa.'] ['In 1947, banker Andy Dufresne  is convicted of murdering his wife and her lover, based on circumstantial evidence, and is sentenced to two consecutive life sentences at Shawshank State Penitentiary. Andy quickly befriends contraband smuggler Ellis "Red" Redding , an inmate serving a life sentence. Red procures a rock hammer for Andy, allowing him to create small stone chess pieces. Red later gets him a large poster of Rita Hayworth, followed in later years by images of Marilyn Monroe and Raquel Welch. Andy works in the prison laundry, but is regularly assaulted by the "bull queer" gang "the Sisters" and their leader Bogs . In 1949, Andy overhears the brutal chief guard Byron Hadley  complaining about taxes on a forthcoming inheritance, and informs him about a financial loophole. After another vicious assault by the Sisters nearly kills Andy, Bogs is beaten and crippled by Hadley. Bogs is sent to another prison and Andy is not attacked again. Warden Samuel Norton  meets with Andy and reassigns him to the prison library, to assist elderly inmate Brooks Hatlen ; a pretext for Andy to manage financial duties for the prison. His advice and expertise are soon sought by other guards at Shawshank and from nearby prisons. Andy begins writing weekly letters to the state government for funds to improve the decrepit library. In 1954, Brooks is freed on parole, but unable to adjust to the outside world after 50 years in prison, he hangs himself. Andy receives a library donation that includes a recording of The Marriage of Figaro. He plays an excerpt over the public address system, resulting in him receiving solitary confinement. After his release, Andy explains that he holds onto hope as something that the prison cannot take from him, but Red dismisses the idea. In 1963, Norton begins exploiting prison labor for public works, profiting by undercutting skilled labor costs and receiving kickbacks. He has Andy launder the money using the alias "Randall Stephens". In 1965, Tommy Williams  is incarcerated for robbery. He joins Andy and Red\'s circle of friends, and Andy helps him to pass his General Educational Development examinations. In 1966, after hearing the details of Andy\'s case, Tommy reveals that an inmate at another prison claimed responsibility for an identical murder, suggesting Andy\'s innocence. Andy approaches Norton with this information, but the warden refuses to listen. Norton places Andy in solitary confinement and has Tommy murdered by Hadley under the guise of an escape attempt. Andy refuses to continue with the scam, but Norton threatens to destroy the library and take away his protection and preferential treatment. After Andy is released from solitary he tells Red of his dream of living in Zihuatanejo, a Mexican Pacific coastal town. While Red shrugs it off as unrealistic, Andy instructs him, should he ever be freed, to visit a specific hayfield near Buxton to retrieve a package. The next day at roll call, Andy\'s cell is empty. Enraged, Norton throws one of Andy\'s rocks at the poster of Raquel Welch hanging on the wall. The rock tears through the poster, revealing a tunnel that Andy had dug with his rock hammer over the previous two decades. The previous night, Andy escaped through the tunnel and the prison\'s sewage pipe with Norton\'s ledger, containing details of the money laundering. While guards search for him the following morning, Andy, posing as Randall Stephens, visits several banks to withdraw the laundered money. Finally, he sends the ledger and evidence of the corruption and murders at Shawshank to a local newspaper. The police arrive at Shawshank and take Hadley into custody, but Norton commits suicide to avoid arrest. After serving 40 years Red receives parole. He struggles to adapt to life outside prison and fears he never will. Remembering his promise to Andy, he visits Buxton and finds a cache containing money and a letter, asking him to come to Zihuatanejo. Red violates his parole and travels to Fort Hancock, Texas to cross the border to Mexico, admitting he finally feels hope. On a beach in Zihuatanejo, he finds Andy, and the two friends are happily reunited.'] ['Sergeant James Allen  returns to civilian life after World War I but his war experience makes him restless. His family feels he should be grateful for a tedious job as an office clerk, and when he announces that he wants to become an engineer, they react with outrage. He leaves home to find work on any sort of project, but unskilled labor is plentiful and it\'s hard for him to find a job. Wandering and sinking into poverty, he accidentally becomes caught up in a robbery and is sentenced to ten years on a brutal Southern chain gang. He escapes and makes his way to Chicago, where he becomes a success in the construction business. He becomes involved with the proprietor of his boardinghouse, Marie Woods , who discovers his secret and blackmails him into an unhappy marriage. He then meets and falls in love with Helen . When he asks his wife for a divorce, she betrays him to the authorities. He is offered a pardon if he will turn himself in; Allen accepts, only to find that it was just a ruse. He escapes once again. In the end, Allen visits Helen in the shadows on the street and tells her he is leaving forever. She asks, "Can\'t you tell me where you\'re going? Will you write? Do you need any money?" James repeatedly shakes his head in answer as he backs away. Finally Helen says, "But you must, Jim. How do you live?" In the film\'s final line and shot James, unseen in the darkness, replies, "I steal." The line is among the most famous closing lines in American film.O\'Connor 25 LeRoy later claimed that the idea for James\' retreat into darkness came to him when a fuse blew on the set, but in fact it was written into the script.O\'Connor, John E. "Introduction: Warners Finds Its Social Conscience." I Am a Fugitive From a Chain Gang. Ed. John E. O\'Connor University of Wisconsin Press, 2005. p. 36.'] ["Yol tells the story of several Kurdish prisoners on furlough in Turkey. Seyit Ali  travels to his house and finds that his wife  has betrayed him and works as a prostitute. She was caught by her family and held captive for Seyit Ali to end her life in an honor killing. Though apparently determined at first, he changes his mind when his wife starts to freeze while travelling in the snow. Despite his efforts to keep her alive, he eventually fails. His wife's death relieves Seyit Ali from family pressure and he is saved from justice since she freezes but he has an internal struggle and must return to jail. Mehmet Salih  has been arrested for his role in a heist with his brother-in-law, whom he abandoned as he was being shot by police. His in-laws want nothing to do with him, and he is finally forced to tell his wife Emine  the truth. Emine and Mehmet Salih decide to run away and get on a train. On the train, they get caught in the toilet while having long-awaited sex with each other. They are saved from an angry mob by the train's officers and held in a cabin before being handed over to officials. There, a young boy from Emine's family who boarded the train shoots both Mehmet Salih and Emine. Ömer  returns to his village. Being a border village, it has a struggle with the army due to smuggling. Ömer visits and arranges to cross the border to escape prison. Though Ömer is clearly determined, he gives up after his brother is shot dead while smuggling. Through his brother's death, Ömer has inherited the responsibilities of his brother's wife and children as dictated by tradition. Each prisoner in the film suffers from a conflict that threatens his freedom, with tradition also imprisoning him."] ["Mery per sempre is set in Malaspina, a juvenile detention centre in Palermo, Sicily, during the 1980s. The protagonist, Marco Terzi , is a teacher who has transferred to Palermo from Milan. He obtains a position as teacher inside the institution, and has great difficulty in establishing a rapport with the young, hostile students; in particular, Natale Sperandeo , the leader of the group, who is inside for murder, and Pietro Giancone . Terzi's situation is further complicated when Mario Libassi , a transvestite prostitute, nicknamed Mery, falls in love with him. With the passing of time, however, Terzi slowly gains the respect and admiration of his students, even from the most hardened of the young men. Mery per sempre was followed in 1990 with the sequel Ragazzi fuori, featuring most of the same cast and characters, with the exception of Placido and Amendola."] ['My Six Convicts is the true story of a prison psychologist ([[John Beal  and his attempts to get through to his incarcerated patients. While dealing with serious issues, the film was created in comedic form. While the film is true to the overall spirit of the book, dramatic license was taken with the adaptation and certain events  are fictional and were created solely to add dramatic elements to the film.'] ['The film is a satire of the women in prison film genre and deliberately implements many of the tropes commonly found in such films. Such scenes include nude shower scenes, fight scenes, and a suggested romantic relationship between one of the inmates and an administrator. The overall plot involves a new influx of girls coming to the school. They are immediately confronted with Charlie Chambliss  who is the de facto leader of the school and has an exceedingly close relationship with the head of the ward, Edna . Charlie and her circle are given special privileges by Edna and it is suggested that Charlie and Edna enjoy a more intimate relationship. Charlie runs a secret society of girls who are loyal to her and to whom she offers protection. The two main new girls break several of Edna\'s rules and are punished decisively for their infractions. Jenny  comes to the school after becoming mixed up in a shoot out. When she and another group of girls arive, they are forced to strip naked in front of the prison nurse and then take a shower, while being informed that they will be "inspected inside and out." Afterwards, they are forced to stand naked along a wall while the nurse sprays them with DDT delousing fluid. At one point while being deloused, the nurse tells the girls to "bend over...spread them wide", suggesting that the girls will be given their cavity checks. Jenny tries to break out after befriending a male driver with whom she has a romantic encounter in the back of his truck. She makes arrangements that he will drive her off the premises but is discovered by a guard and after a scuffle she is apprehended and immediately cast into isolation. Lisa  is a runaway who is captured and placed in the reform school. She suffers several losses while at the school including her stuffed bunny and a cat she tends to which was originally found while the girls were out performing hard labor. The cat is discovered by Edna in the dorms and she chases it until finally stomping it to death. Lisa is punished with isolation. After the death of her cat, Lisa attempts to climb to the top of the tower, followed closely by Edna. When she reaches the top she stumbles backward as Edna confronts her, breaks through the barriers and falls to her death. This causes Jenny to smash through a window which starts a riot which is only quelled when Warden Sutter  shoots a shotgun into the ceiling. The film culminates in a protest scene after Dr. Norton , a psychiatrist, forces a meeting of administrators over the conditions and treatment of inmates at the school. She intended to have Jenny testify but a doctor determines, despite all evidence to the contrary, that she is ill and will not be able to attend. Therefore, four other inmates are chosen and none of them has any complaints. During the meeting Jenny knocks out a guard and steals her keys which allows all the girls to march out into the main open area and voice their grudges. Edna, however, gets a hold of a gun and opens fire on them. Edna shoots Charlie and climbs up the tower from which Sutter has broadcast religious-oriented messages as the girls are going to sleep. Charlie climbs a fence and commandeers a school bus which she drives toward the tower with Edna standing at the top. Just before impact, Charlie leaps from the bus and it explodes as it hits the tower. The scorched body of Edna tumbles to the ground and many of the girls cheer. Charlie crawls and before she dies shouts out, "See you in hell!" to Edna. The final scene shows Jenny released and getting into a cab. She waves at Dr. Norton, who is implied to be in charge of the new, more benevolent order at the school, and three other girls who are still incarcerated.'] ['Martel "Too Sweet" Gordone earned his parole from jail by winning a prison boxing tournament. All Gordone wants to do is start a peaceful life, but a condition of his release is that he work for a boxing promoter. Gordone has no interest in boxing and wants to live with his sister and her husband who support his desire to start over. However, when some of his enemies from prison escape and kill his girlfriend, Gordone changes his plans and returns to the ring.'] ["Malik El Djebena , nineteen years old, French of Algerian descent, is sentenced to six years in prison for attacking police officers. Alone and illiterate upon his arrival, he falls under the sway of Corsican mobsters, led by Cesar Luciani , who enforces a brutal rule. The prison is divided between two main factions: the Corsicans and the Muslims. Malik keeps to himself. When Luciani forces him to be the unwilling assassin of Reyeb, a Muslim witness, Malik gains the protection of the Corsicans in spite of his origin. Malik serves as a low-level servant to the Corsicans, who treat him with disdain. All the while, he is haunted by visions of the murdered Reyeb. When the bulk of the Corsicans are transferred or released, Luciani is forced to give Malik more responsibility. Having secretly learned Corsican, Malik acts as Luciani's eyes and ears in the prison. When Malik earns the privilege of day-long furloughs outside the prison, Luciani relies on him to conduct his business outside. Ryad, a Muslim friend, teaches Malik to read and write, and the two become close. Ryad exposes Malik to his own heritage, allowing him to meet two other Muslims, Tarik and Hassan, increasing his power within the prison. Malik also becomes involved with a prison drug dealer, Jordi. When Ryad gains an early release due to his testicular cancer, the three partners organize a drug-running enterprise. But when Ryad is kidnapped by the drug dealer Latif, Malik tracks down Latif's partner inside the prison, kidnaps his family, and forces Latif's gang to release Ryad. When Luciani discovers that Malik is using his furloughs for his own personal enterprise, he attacks him. Malik is sent to meet Brahim Lattrache in Marseille, another Muslim, who is involved in a deal between Luciani and the Lingherris, an Italian mafia group. Lattrache is bitter toward the Corsicans for the murder of Reyeb and holds Malik at gunpoint. When Malik spots a deer warning sign, he remembers a recent dream of deer running in the road. He tells his kidnappers that they are in danger of hitting a deer, which they promptly do. Lattrache is impressed by Malik, calling him a prophet and agreeing to do business with him instead of Luciani. Luciani believes there is a mole in his organization and decides to use Malik to assassinate Jacky Marcaggi, the Don of the Corsican mafia, for secretly dealing with the Lingherris. But Malik and Ryad have their own plan for Marcaggi: they kill his bodyguards and dump him in a van with his enemy Vettori, Luciani's henchman. Malik takes refuge at Ryad's house with his wife and young son. Ryad's cancer has returned; his decision against more chemotherapy leaves him just six months and he gets Malik's promise to take care of his family when he's gone. Upon Malik's return to the prison, he joins the Muslim side of the yard, having built a place of power within their faction. When Luciani tries to approach him, two Muslims intercept and beat him. The day of Malik's release he is met outside the prison by Ryad's wife and son. They walk off together, followed by a convoy of Malik's new gangster associates."] ['A real estate con artist named Stan Minton  panics when he learns that he is going to prison for fraud. Stan\'s fear of jail-house rape leads him to hire the mysterious guru known as "The Master"  who helps transform him into a creative martial-arts expert. During his incarceration, Stan uses his new-found skills to intimidate his fellow prisoners and prevents the prisoners from hitting or raping each other. He gains the prisoners\' respect, and eventually becomes their leader, bringing peace and harmony to the prison yard. But the corrupt warden has a plan to profit by turning the prison into a war zone, forcing its closure, and selling off the property as valuable real estate. Stan helps him with the real estate aspects in exchange for early parole, however his peacemaking efforts threaten the warden\'s plan for a riot and he is persuaded to bring back violence. In a last minute attack of conscience he deliberately blows the parole hearing to rush back and prevent the deaths of his fellow inmates, only to discover that his message of peace has sunk in and the prisoners are dancing instead of fighting. The warden orders the guards to open fire on the dancing men and, when they refuse, grabs a gun and shoots wildly. He attempts to shoot Minton but he is stopped by Minton\'s wife and the Master, who have sneaked in. Three years later Minton leaves the prison, which is now run by one of the more sympathetic guards, to be met outside by his wife, his young daughter and the Master.'] ["Kyle LeBlanc  is an American working overseas in Russia. When he hears his wife being attacked over the phone, Kyle rushes home to find that he is too late. The man who has killed his wife is found not guilty on lack of evidence, so Kyle takes the law into his own hands and kills the man to avenge his wife's death. For his crime he is sentenced to life in prison without parole. The Russian prison he is sent to is tough, and the warden amuses himself by putting on fights where he fills his pockets with money by betting on the fights. As Kyle begins to break and go crazy he is forced into these fights because the warden knows he is a sure thing. Kyle's new cellmate 451 , begins to make him think of what he is fighting for. With a renewed purpose, Kyle now knows he must fight another battle; the fight for inner peace, as it is the only way he can become the man he once was. Eventually, a prison riot enables 451 to give Kyle the evidence of all the murders that have happened in this prison for the past 20 something years that he had planned to expose to the US government. While the guards are getting the prisoners under control, 451 shows Kyle a secret passage to the prison garage for their next move. When two guards take Kyle to the garage, 451 launches an attack and kills one of them while Kyle holds the other at gunpoint and pins him down to the ground. After taking the key to free himself, Kyle takes one of the guards uniforms to disguise himself and drives off in one of their cars while 451 stays behind to assassinate the warden for his misdeeds. His fate is unknown, but Kyle is able to return to the US and expose the prison's actions. Three months later, the prison was closed down."] ["Danny Meehan, a former captain of the English national football team who was banned from football for life for fixing a match between England and Germany, is sentenced to three years in Longmarsh prison for assaulting two police officers after a lengthy drinking session and driving wildly to a local bar. Once inside, he is promptly beaten by the prison guards for misbehaving, and is subsequently approached by the prison governor. The governor offers Meehan a job as coach of the prison wardens' football team; the guards who are members of the team, tell Meehan not to accept and threaten to maltreat him if he does so. Meehan declines the offer, and instead offers to train a team consisting of other inmates, who will take on the wardens in a practice match. Meehan ends up with the resident contraband dealer, Massive, as his right-hand man. He also receives advice from an elderly convict, Doc, who teaches Meehan prison lore. Meehan wins the respect of the other inmates after he attacks an officer, Mr. Ratchett, who is attacking Massive, and is then occupied with the task of training up his team of cons, including a maximum-security con named Monk  a violent Scottish inmate. At half time, the inmates' team, Mean Machine is winning 1-0, and things are going well until the governor attempts to blackmail Meehan into throwing the match. At first he puts his own interests before that of the team's, playing quite badly but as the final moments of the game tick down, he redeems himself, and uses a square-ball to fellow inmate 'Billy the Limpet'  to win the game for the cons."] ['The plot closely follows the events depicted in the original Japanese comic and its anime adaptation, with some minor modifications in certain instances. By the year 2001, all prison institutions have been privatized. Ricky Ho , a martial artist and former music student, is sentenced to 10 years in prison for manslaughter after killing a crime lord who was indirectly responsible for the death of his girlfriend Anne . Flashback scenes reveal that a group of thugs had captured her after she had witnessed their heroin deal. Anne was so scared in captivity that she ran upstairs and then leapt off the roof to her death. One morning in the prison bathroom, an elderly inmate named Omar is viciously beaten by the captain of the cells, Samuel. As Samuel leaves, Ricky trips him, and Samuel falls on a piece of wood with nails on it, hand and face first. As Samuel devises a plan to get back at Ricky, one of the inmates suggest that they should have Zorro, a dangerous, morbidly obese inmate, kill him. Omar is later informed by the guards that they turned down his probation after Samuel tells the guards that Omar was spreading rumors although this was untrue. Stricken by grief, Omar hangs himself. The next day, Zorro attacks Ricky, but is quickly killed along with Samuel. Shortly after, a member of the fearsome Gang of Four named Oscar, the leader of the North Cell, suggests that Ricky should see the sadistic one-eyed Assistant Warden Dan. After Ricky confronts Dan, he suggests Oscar to kill Ricky. Outside the prison yard, Oscar and Ricky engage in a fight, which ends with Ricky defeating and killing Oscar. Later on, Ricky soon discovers that the Gang of Four is growing illegal opium for profit. Rogan, leader of the West Cell, discovers that Ricky had set the poppy garden on fire and they both fight. As the fight goes on, Brandon, leader of the South Cell, throws his needles and ties Riki-Oh up with them, leaving him defenseless. Meanwhile, the guards report to Dan that the Warden is returning from his vacation in Hawaii, prompting Dan to raise the Zero Alarm. While the fight continues, Tarzan, leader of the East Cell, interferes, claiming that he wants to fight Ricky. As the Zero Alarm goes off, Ricky and the Gang of Four part ways for now. The next day, the Warden and his spoiled, overweight son return from their vacation. Dan informs the Warden about the incidents during his absence, including the poppy garden which infuriates the Warden. Dan escorts the Warden to Ricky\'s cell. As the Warden questions him, Tazan bursts through the wall and fights Ricky once again, which ends with Ricky brutally defeating Tarzan. The Warden then activates a ceiling trap to crush Ricky. As Ricky struggles to stay alive, Tarzan regains consciousness and saves him from being crushed by the ceiling, at the cost of Tarzan\'s life. Later, the Warden orders the inmates to bury Ricky alive, which they reluctantly obey. The Warden claims if Ricky survives by staying underground for a week, he will consider freeing him from prison. As the week quickly passes by, Ricky survives, but the Warden does not free him. Later that night, Ricky is chained in his cell. A fellow inmate, named Freddy, brings him food so Ricky can regain his power. However, another inmate sees this and informs Dan about it and in response, Dan kills Freddy. Dan, dragging Freddy\'s body with his hook, then opens Ricky\'s cell to show the body to him. However, Dan and the other inmate find that Ricky has broken free from the chains, and Ricky kills the inmate and knocks out Dan\'s remaining eye. As the guards rush to the scene, the inmates rebel and violently ambush Dan. In the kitchen, Ricky, the prisoners, and Dan burst through the wall and the Warden shoots Dan with a gas-pressured bullet, causing him to inflate and violently explode. Rogan and Brandon then confront Ricky one last time, which ends with Ricky gravely injuring Rogan. Brandon, realizing Ricky is far too powerful for him, flees from the scene, but not before the Warden shoots and kills Brandon. The Warden, revealing that he too, is a martial artist, transforms into a grotesque creature and battles Ricky. The fight quickly ends with Ricky throwing the mutated Warden into a meat grinder. In the finale, the prisoners rebel once again and start to attack the guards. Ricky then breaks the prison wall, allowing all the prisoners and himself to go free.  The film is notorious for its excessive use of graphic violence and gore, primarily due to the fact that the lead character is practically invincible, has superhuman strength and can virtually withstand all pain, which is partially explained by Ricky being a practitioner of a mystical kung-fu style known as Qigong. This leads to attempts by other characters to subdue him which end up being extremely gory and over-the-top. Aside from the aforementioned head crushing and meat grinding scenes, most notable100 Greatest Movie Fist Fights - UGO.com is a fight scene between Ricky and a knife-wielding prisoner named Oscar. During the fight, Oscar slashes Ricky\'s right arm, but Ricky uses his teeth and left hand to tie the tendons together. Oscar then charges at Ricky, but Ricky slaps him in the back of the head, popping one of his eyes out, leaving it to be eaten by crows. Seeing himself at a disadvantage, Oscar attempts suicide by disembowelment. However, when Ricky approaches Oscar to try and stop the suicide, Oscar grabs his own intestines and wraps them around Ricky\'s neck in an attempt to strangle him, prompting the assistant warden to exclaim: "You\'ve got a lot of guts, Oscar!". In another fight scene, Ricky lands an uppercut on the giant prisoner, Tarzan, with such force that his jaw is torn off his head. Another scene includes the warden\'s graphic death which depicts Ricky throwing him into a meat grinder. Ricky shoves the warden\'s body inside, only leaving his head. In that scene, so much fake blood was used that Fan Siu-wong could not get the blood off his skin for three days. The film\'s low budget shows in the scene where Ricky\'s girlfriend Ying jumps to her death. For this scene, an obvious mannequin wearing her clothes is thrown off the top of the building. A dummy is used every time there is a close up.'] ["Jail tells the story of Parag Dixit  who is having a peaceful life with his girlfriend Mansi, played by Mugdha Godse. But his life takes a turn and he ends up in jail due to some unfortunate events. The film is a take on the cruel realities faced by prisoners in Indian jails by focusing on Parag's life in the jail. It is rumored that Neil will appear complete nude in a torturing scene. Manoj Bajpai plays another inmate in the jail{{cite web}}"] ['TV reporter and former star athlete Mickey Almon is covering a World athletic event in Moscow when he is arrested by the KGB after being approached by a scientist wanting him to smuggle secret information out of the Soviet Union. Almon is imprisoned and interrogated over several days by prison official Bukovsky who ultimately forces him to confess to being a spy for the United States. Though promised with release for doing so, Almon is instead transported to a railway station and placed aboard a train on a Stolypin prison car with other political prisoners bound for a labor camp near the Arctic Circle. After arriving, Almon meets a fellow foreign prisoner, a sarcastic Englishman who teaches him how to survive the brutal life of the camp. In time, after learning that his ultimate fate in the camp will eventually be death through hazardous labor, Almon and the Englishman conspire together to plot an escape to Norway.'] ["Lynn Schaffer is a loving mother and wife, who gets arrested for a crime she did not realize she had committed. She does not take the arrest seriously at first. Viewing herself as innocent, she goes against the advice of her lawyer to take a plea-bargain. Instead she opts for a trial. Coming as a complete surprise to her, she is convicted, receives the maximum sentence of 10 years and is and sent to a women's prison, leaving behind her husband Larry and daughter Carey. In prison, she has difficulty adjusting to not having any privacy and having to deal with drug addicts and prostitutes but soon finds out that the prison is corrupt, with Sergeant Ed Crang and other prison guards often sexually abusing inmates. Lynn is determined to stop this, but Larry advises her to not interfere, pointing out that she could be free soon on probation. Lynn tries to take his advice, knowing that tough Angie and Betsy are the only people who are raped. However, when Frannie, one of the few women Lynn befriended, becomes the third victim, she realizes that nobody is safe and decides to fight back. With the help of her husband, who runs a radio station, she informs the media about the corruption. Sergeant Crang, determined to keep Lynn silent, watches her every move, prohibits her from receiving visits from her husband and even physically assaults her. To collect proof, Lynn tries to convince fellow inmates to support her, but at first no one is willing to cooperate because they are either afraid of Crang or Angie, who forces the girls to remain silent. Angie has always been profiting from the corrupt system, getting drugs from the police and being released on supervision once a week to prostitute herself. In the end, Lynn receives a file from a sympathizing female guard with all the evidence she needs. She tries to give it to a senator who is visiting to find out if the rape accusations are true. Crang and Angie try to stop Lynn, but with the help of fellow inmates and the female guard, Sheila, Lynn is able to reach the senator. Eventually, more than 20 guards are fired and replaced by female guards. Lynn is allowed to serve the rest of her sentence on house arrest."] ['Security guards Chuck  and Bobby play a game of Red light/Green light while being night watchmen for Howard County Bank and Trust and are obsessed with elaborate schemes of would-be thieves. They hear a sound coming from a floor polisher that Ernest is trying to turn on for operation - he works as a night custodian at the bank - and dreams that he would be a clerk, but he ends up making a mess in the bank and he becomes magnetic from a mishap with the floor polisher. The next day, bank president Oscar Pendlesmythe\'s assistant, Charlotte Sparrow  requires him to clean up his supernatural mess. Pendlesmythe wants to terminate Ernest\'s employment at the bank, but Charlotte has a soft heart for misfits and stray dogs, so she argues on his behalf. Ernest takes a bath at home in a tumble dry washing machine and uses a blow-dryer with a wind-tunnel force for his evening dinner with Charlotte in a restaurant. He later receives in the mail a summons to jury duty in court and tells the two watchmen about it. During the trial Dracup Maximum Security Prison convict Rubin Bartlett notices that Ernest is the spitting image of death-row inmate Felix Nash. Rubin\'s lawyer convinces the jury to tour the prison, where Ernest is kidnapped by Nash and another inmate named Lyle and forced to swap roles with Nash. Even though he tries to tell the guards he is not Nash, they refuse to believe him. Ernest also does not know that he has a death sentence which is for Nash. While having lunch, a guard tells them to stand up and be quiet, when he notices Ernest is making a lot of noise, which almost sends him into the cell. Ernest tries a first attempt to tell one of the prison guards that he is Ernest, not Nash, but the guard calls him "Mr. Funny Man"  and angrily says that he is not funny and is lying and throws him into the cell right in front of a cell mate who pushes him back while the first attempt fails. When he pushes him near the prison bars, he tells a prison guard that he was beaten up . A prison guard tells Ernest that he will be sent to the hole, which makes Ernest realize he is in jail. He has various misadventures in prison  until he is sent to the electric chair by the prison warden ([[Charles Napier . The electrocution fails, and he is transformed into a type of superhuman, with the ability to shoot lightning bolts from his hands, which shock various other jail members. Ernest escapes from the prison and makes his way home, only to discover that his Pee-wee Herman-like décor has been replaced by a slick Lounge Lizard style of decorating. He exclaims, "I\'ve been vandalized - by Elvis!" Ernest then goes to the bank, in his old clothes, only to find that Nash has assumed his identity and is in the process of robbing the bank and during the ensuing battle between the two of them he gets electrocuted yet again when Nash throws him against a cage that the bank had rigged to drop from the ceiling to catch robbers. Now Ernest has become Polarized and gained the ability to fly. He uses his super powers to fly through the skylight of the bank with a bomb that Nash had attached to the vault and two bank employees, which leads to a spectacular mid-air explosion. Everyone especially Chuck assumes that Ernest has been killed, until he falls through the skylight and lands on Nash. Ernest tiredly declares, "I came, I saw, I got blowed up."'] ['Robert Stroud  is imprisoned as a young man for committing a murder in Alaska. He is shown as a rebellious inmate, fighting against a rigid prison system: on his way to jail by train he breaks open the window to allow the suffocating inmates to breathe. His rebellious attitude puts him in conflict with Harvey Shoemaker , the warden of Leavenworth Prison. While in jail, Stroud learns that his mother  tried to visit him but was denied and told to return later in the week. Outraged, he attacks a guard over the issue and the man is killed. Stroud is sentenced to death, but his mother runs a successful campaign and it is commuted to life in prison. The terms of the sentence require that he be kept in solitary confinement for the rest of his life. To break the monotony, Stroud adopts a sparrow as a pet. This starts a trend and he and the other convicts acquire birds, such as canaries, as gifts from the outside. Before long, Stroud has built up a collection of birds and cages. When they fall ill, he makes experiments and comes up with a cure. As the years pass, Stroud becomes an expert on bird diseases and even publishes a book on the subject. His writings are so impressive that a doctor describes him as a "genius". Stroud later meets bird-lover Stella Johnson  and agrees to go into business, marketing his bird remedies. He and Stella later marry, but his mother disapproves and this causes a rift between mother and son. He is abruptly transferred to the federal penitentiary at Alcatraz , a new maximum security institution where he is not permitted to keep birds. He is now growing elderly but still shows a rebellious side, writing a history of the U.S. penal system that is suppressed by Shoemaker, now warden of the Rock. Still at odds with authority, Stroud nevertheless manages to help stop a prison rebellion in 1946 by throwing out the guns acquired by the convicts. He then assures the authorities that they can now re-enter the premises without fear of being shot. Although Stroud has been a thorn in his side for decades, Shoemaker acknowledges that he has never lied to him and takes him at his word. Although constantly denied parole, Stroud is eventually transferred to another prison in Missouri after a petition campaign. During the move, he meets several reporters and displays a range of knowledge on more than just birds, such as the technical details of a passing jet aircraft. He even gets to meet Thomas E. Gaddis  the author of the book based on his life.'] ["A buxom bad girl named Blossom  is the rough-and-ready girlfriend of a radical guerrilla leader named Django . But when Django's mercenary friends itch for some female companionship, they devise a plan to liberate the inmates of a local women's prison. With the help of another new inmate , Blossom and Django go up against a tyrannical warden  to stage an explosive breakout."] ["The story takes place in the high-security block of the central Israel Prison Service jail. Uri and Issam are the leaders of the Israeli and Palestinian prisoner groups, respectively. After a musical performance in the prison, a row breaks out between Hoffman, a Jewish inmate, and a Palestinian. When Hoffman is killed, the security officer initiates a fight between the sides, pinning the blame for the murder on Issam's cell. Doron, the only Jewish prisoner in the Arab cell, is asked to sign a document implicating Issam in the crime, but refuses and commits suicide. He leaves a note saying that his cell was not responsible for the crime. As a result, Uri and Issam begin a general hunger strike, and make personal sacrifices in order not to break it."] ['Lifelong best friends Alice Marano  and Darlene Davis  graduate from high school and make plans to have one last "knock-out trip together" before they are separated by Darlene going to college. Darlene is perceived to be the "nice" girl, and Alice the "bad" one. The idea of vacationing in Hawaii seems less appealing to the girls than the sudden notion of going to Thailand. It is revealed in dialogue that Darlene\'s father has not been approached about the idea of going to Thailand, but that Alice\'s father has given her permission because he believes Darlene is going. Alice suggests to Darlene that she simply not tell her father she is going to Thailand instead of Hawaii. The two girls fly to Thailand and while there, meet a captivating Australian man, who calls himself Nick Parks . He befriends the girls and uses romantic charm to gain their trust. He claims he works for a software company that allows him to loll about in the sun awaiting his next assignment. Darlene is particularly smitten with Nick and convinces Alice to take Nick up on his offer to treat the two of them to what amounts to a day trip to Hong Kong. They check out of their hotel and have their bags carried down to an awaiting cab. Hopping in the back seat while the bellhop loads the bags in the trunk, the girls are running late to the airport. While they are waiting in line to board, the Thai police rush the surprised girls with guns drawn — discovering that the backpack that Darlene has packed but Alice is carrying has a few kilos of heroin inside. As they are interrogated separately, Alice\'s street smarts prevent her from signing a confession written in Thai. Darlene answers questions posed by a Thai official, the official then speaks to a typist in Thai who appears to transcribe the conversation. But Darlene is tricked into signing a confession to the crimes she is accused of but remains unaware of it until Alice points out that neither of them would be foolish enough to sign a confession written in Thai, which neither can understand. Abruptly the girls are placed in prison after pleading their case in vain, but instead of receiving the expected life sentence they "get off easy" with 33 years. There are a few other Westerners in the jail, one from Jamaica who refers to the prison as a "broke-down palace" and tells the girls they should seek the help of "Yankee Hank", an American lawyer. The British girl hears this and scoffs at Hank\'s lawyering skill. Meanwhile in the U.S., Darlene\'s father learns of his daughter\'s and her friend\'s arrest. He eventually flies to Thailand to plead with the U.S. officials to get his daughter out. He visits his daughter Darlene in prison and warmly reassures her that everything will be fine as she apologizes profusely for getting into trouble. Darlene excitedly reports to Alice that her father is going to get them out and that he wants to speak with her. Alice enthusiastically greets Darlene\'s father, but he lashes out, venting his rage at her for masterminding whatever scheme she created to get his daughter in trouble. Eventually "Yankee Hank", Henry Greene , an American attorney living in Thailand, arrives to see if he might get paid for acting on behalf of the girls. Darlene\'s father sends the money to Hank to appeal the girls\' case. At first, Greene is confident about appealing their case when his Thai wife, also a lawyer, points out that the charges against the girls involve six kilos of heroin, when that amount would never have fit into the back pack. The girls are delighted with Hank\'s clever play, until the Thai prosecution bring forward a witness who testifies he served them drinks poolside at a swank hotel where Alice tried billing a random room number, instead of paying cash, as Darlene suggested . This causes them to lose their appeal. Green walks away from the girls\' case until his wife discovers a clue in the police file that might lead to the whereabouts of the elusive Nick Parks. Trying a different tactic, he meets with DEA agent Roy Knox , who has influence with the police. Though Knox admits that the girls were probably duped, he firmly believes that someone has to go to jail for this crime. As long as no Nick Parks  can be produced to clear the girls, he says they will finish out the remainder of their sentences. Greene follows up the lead, travelling to Hong Kong to get information from another girl used by the smuggler whose alias is Nick Parks. He confronts DEA agent Knox with the uncovered evidence about Parks, but is shot down when Knox tells him Parks has friends in high places. Greene threatens the corrupt prosecutor with exposure to the American media and he agrees to a deal. If the girls confess to the crime and withdraw their naming of Nick Parks, they will receive a royal pardon. The girls agree and sign a confession wherein they claim Nick Parks is a figment of their imagination. However, they have been duped by the prosecutor, who uses their confession to assure they will receive no pardon. Alice, deciding to take responsibility for her life and realizing that Darlene will be unable to bear prison, falls to her knees and begs the King of Thailand to allow her to serve both Darlene\'s sentence and her own  in exchange for Darlene\'s release, as Darlene should not have to pay for her mistake. The offer is accepted, and the film ends with the girls\' friendship, riven with conflicts, is restored. Darlene bids Alice farewell and returns to the States, promising that she will not stop trying to get Alice released from prison. Alice\'s voice-over indicates her acceptance of fate and the belief that Darlene and Greene will never stop attempting to get her released.'] ["The film tells of two very different men who share a Brazilian prison cell: Valentin Arregui , who is imprisoned  due to his activities on behalf of a leftist revolutionary group, and Luis Molina  a homosexual in prison for having sex with an underage boy. Molina passes the time by recounting memories from one of his favorite films, a wartime romantic thriller that's also a Nazi propaganda film. He weaves the characters into a narrative meant to comfort Arregui and distract him from the harsh realities of political imprisonment and the separation from the woman he cares about. Arregui allows Molina to penetrate some of his defensive self and opens up. Despite Arregui occasionally snapping at Molina over his rather shallow views of political cinema, an unlikely friendship develops between the two. As the story develops, it becomes clear that Arregui is being poisoned by his jailers to provide Molina with a chance to befriend him, and that Molina is spying on Arregui on behalf of the Brazilian secret police. Molina has namely been promised a parole if he succeeds in obtaining information that will allow the secret police to find the revolutionary group's members. However, Molina falls in love with Arregui, and Arregui responds after a fashion, culminating in a physical consummation of their love on Molina's last night in prison. Molina is granted parole in the hopes Arregui will reveal information about his contacts when he knows Molina will be out of prison. Arregui provides Molina with a telephone number and message for his comrades. Molina at first refuses to take the number, fearing the consequences of treason, but he relents, and he and Arregui bid farewell with a kiss. In the final scenes Molina calls the telephone number, and a meeting is arranged with the revolutionary group. But the secret police have had Molina under surveillance, and a gun battle ensues, with the revolutionaries, assuming Molina has betrayed them, shooting him. As he wanders the streets wounded, the policemen catch up with him and demand that he disclose the telephone number in exchange for them taking him to the hospital for treatment, but Molina refuses and succumbs to his wounds. On the orders of the homophobic police chief , the policemen dump Molina's body in a rubbish pit and fabricate a story about his death and involvement with the revolutionary group. Meanwhile, back in the prison Arregui is being treated after being tortured once again. As the doctor administers him morphine to help him sleep, risking his job in the process, Arregui escapes into a dream where he is on a tropical island with the woman he loves. Although not made explicit, it is implied that he dies from his wounds."] ["This episodic story is set in São Paulo's notorious prison Carandiru, one of Latin America's largest and most violent prison systems. Dr. Drauzio Varella arrives at the prison as a volunteer to test the prisoners for the deadly HIV infection. Seeing the disease, overcrowding and rampant circulation of drugs, the Doctor realizes much of the prison is controlled by the inmates. They decorate their cells and have an established pecking order. The strong inhabit messy individual suites and the weak are jammed together, as many as sixteen sharing a {{convert}} cell. Several narratives develop in the film: the attempted murder of Peixeira, the solitary confinement of Chico and the romance between Lady Di and No Way. Dr. Varella establishes a routine and comes to see the prisoners as survivors. The movie ends with a violent prison riot that historically took place on October 2, 1992. The repression of the riot became known as the Carandiru Massacre."] ["Brian Keenan, a humorless bearded Irish academic, has moved to Beirut in the mid 1980s and works as an English teacher. As he leaves for work one day, four armed men in a car kidnap him and he is incarcerated. Keenan wakes up, almost naked, alone in an iron-clad room. Initially he refuses to eat until he is told why he is being held prisoner. He is kept on his own but eventually he is moved into a cell in a deserted house, where he is joined by another hostage, the English journalist John McCarthy, who had been reporting on Keenan’s kidnapping not long before he himself was abducted. The grumpy Brit-hating Irishman and the more pliable British journalist are forced to share their small prison cell. Keenan refuses to be shaved or wear clean clothes until he gets answers from his captors. He protests about having his beard shaved off. A grumpy idealist, Keenan sees his treatment by his Muslim jailers as equaling the British historic treatment of Ireland. McCarthy is neutral and pragmatic. The two men are periodically moved around to new hiding places. The pair slowly begin to bond as they make a temporary life together, playing chess, catching mosquitoes, trapping a mouse, telling stories and imaging they are someplace else. They become very close friends and when one man is in trouble or close to the breaking point, the other invariably helps him. Their guards treat them with a mixture of detachment, kindness and cruelty. After another move, to a small, white-tiled cell, McCarthy is traumatized after being shown a video of his mother pleading for his return. He finds strength in Keenan's own brand of self-control. The two men are smuggled to a house in the countryside. Keenan attacks a young guard who is trying to humiliate him by making him open and close a window repeatedly. He is beaten. McCarthy intercedes with the leader of the captors saying this should not have been allowed to happen. He too is beaten. Eventually in 1991 after more than four years of imprisonment, Keenan is released. He is reluctant to accept his freedom if it means leaving McCarthy behind. Back in Ireland a year later, Keenan receives a call in a pub: McCarthy is to be released. He is waiting at the airport for McCarthy to arrive home."] ['As a 17-year-old orphan, Henri Young steals $5.00 from a grocery store to feed himself and his little sister, both of whom are destitute. He is apprehended by the store clerk, and his sister is sent to an orphanage. But as the store Young robs houses a U.S. Post Office his crime became a federal offense. Young never sees his sister again and is sentenced to Leavenworth Penitentiary, Kansas. After later being transferred to Alcatraz, he participates in an escape attempt with two other prisoners. The escape plan fails due to the betrayal of a fellow inmate, Rufus McCain. Young is punished by being sent to "the hole" which is in Alcatraz\'s dungeons. Except for 30 minutes on Christmas Day in 1940, he is left in there for three years. The solitary confinement causes Young to lose his sanity. On release back to the general population, he experiences a psychotic episode in the prison cafeteria and attacks McCain, stabbing him to death with a spoon in full view of the prison staff and the other convicts. Young is put on trial in San Francisco for first degree murder in what prosecutors and the public-defender\'s office believe is an open-and-shut case. Public defender James Stamphill, a recent graduate of Harvard law school, is given the case. After discovering the facts of Young\'s case, Stamphill attempts to put Alcatraz on trial by alleging that its harsh conditions caused his client to commit murder. The trial becomes highly politicized and contentious. Eventually Young is convicted of involuntary manslaughter, not first degree murder. He is returned to Alcatraz where he subsequently dies. The film concludes that The Rock\'s associate warden Milton Glenn is convicted of mistreatment and is banned from working in the United States penal system.'] ["A long time inmate Twitch  gets himself transferred to a tougher prison than the re-opened Alcatraz. He claims it's to be closer to his lady but his real motives are a bit more grandiose. There he crosses paths with Burke  a bulky prisoner who can take care of himself. Twitch, despite being less muscular, is just as mouthy and is pretty much the same. But there is a gang war brewing between the Black and Hispanic inmates that explodes into a hostile takeover of the prison when the Blacks' gang leader is shot dead and the finger points at Burke. But the situations worsen when the real killer and leader of the Hispanics, Cortez  takes Twitch's girlfriend  and Burke's daughter  hostage as well, betraying his comrades to escape. Eventually things get more complicated as Twitch's real reason for his transfer is to find gold stashed somewhere in state, and Cortez demands a helicopter out of state or otherwise the hostages are dead. Burke and Twitch eventually catch up to Cortez and after a long fight with Burke ending up wounded, Cortez is knocked out and transferred to another prison. Twitch is given parole after his actions that could have seen him wait even longer before he actually gets out, with Burke having to serve only a few more weeks rather than years. Twitch and his girlfriend find the gold and, as a favor for Burke, set up his account with 80 million dollars along with a plan to help Burke's daughter for college, surprising Burke himself."] ["Framed for a crime he did not commit, Eiji is subjected to the harsh realities of the Ishikawa Island workhouse. Sabu, Eiji's longtime friend, must discover who is responsible for his incarceration, before prison life consumes him completely."] ['The plot centers around a master diamond thief named Malichi who is framed for murder and put on death row. When the corrupt warden finds that he has hidden diamonds, he tries anything he can to get him to reveal the location of the diamonds, including extending his sentence. When Malichi realizes he is not going to find justice, he turns to Caj, a belligerent inmate that agrees to help him in order to gain his own freedom.'] ['Steven Jay Russell  is on his deathbed, recalling the events of his life. He spent his early adult years in Virginia Beach as a police officer. He plays the organ at church, has unenthusiastic sex with his wife, Debbie , and spends his off hours searching for his biological mother, who gave him up as a child. Steven locates his biological mother, but she rejects him without explanation. After a car crash, Steven leaves his family and previous life behind , and explores the world as his true self – a gay man. He moves to Miami, finds a boyfriend , and lives a luxurious lifestyle. To keep himself and his boyfriend in the style to which they have become accustomed, Steven becomes a con man. Steven is caught and sent to prison, where he falls in love with inmate Phillip Morris . Steven cannot bear to be separated from Phillip. After being released, he helps get Phillip freed from prison by posing as a lawyer, then attains wealth by fraudulently acquiring a position as chief financial officer of a large company. Steven eventually gets caught embezzling from the company, and goes back to prison. Phillip is also sent to jail as an accomplice, and angrily tells Steven he never wants to see him again. Months later, Phillip learns from another inmate that Steven is dying of AIDS. Heartbroken, Phillip calls Steven while he is in the infirmary and confesses that while he is still upset with Steven for lying to him, he still loves him. Phillip is later told that Steven has died. Sometime later, Phillip is taken to meet with his lawyer and finds Steven waiting for him. Steven describes how he faked having AIDS and dying in order to see Phillip again, and promises to never lie to him again. He runs one last con to break Phillip out of jail, only to be caught when he runs into an old coworker. The end of the movie explains that the real-life Phillip Morris was released from jail in 2006, but Steven is still imprisoned, on 23-hour lockup, only having one free hour a day to shower and exercise. The last scene shows Steven laughing joyfully while running across the prison yard, guards in pursuit, in another attempt to be with Phillip.'] ['A death row inmate has one final request before his impending hanging: he wants to spend the night with a woman. The police bring him a suicidal prostitute. After a night of lovemaking, the two are married by the prison chaplain. Just before going to the gallows, he describes a dream he had where the rope breaks during the hanging, the death bell rings, and he is freed. As he prays for his miracle the death bell tolls and the film fades to black.'] ['Ghosts... is set in Central Industrial Prison, a privately run maximum security prison in the middle of the Australian desert. An outbreak of violence within the prison has resulted in a total lockdown. A committee is appointed by the prison\'s governors to investigate the cause of the outbreak, but their findings are in stark contrast to the facts behind the riot. As the viewers see, both the prisoners and the guards are slowly and deliberately brutalised, manipulated and provoked into the forthcoming eruption of violence, to justify the construction of a new and more "secure" facility.'] ['The film is presented through several flashbacks as the three inmates are being interviewed in regards to the apparent suicide of their 4th cellmate, Mitch Palmer, who has hanged himself. It is gradually revealed throughout the interviews that the inmates tortured and humiliated Mitch prior to his hanging. The film begins with the four cellmates playing poker for cigarettes and trading stories of their lives prior to their incarcerations. After Mitch wins all of his cellmates’ cigarettes, they coerce him to play one more game. Mitch says he’ll put his entire bag of cigarettes on the table, and the loser has to eat an entire tube of toothpaste. Mitch loses the round and refuses to eat the toothpaste as the cellmates continually ask him to uphold his end of the bet. At first it seems like the cellmates decide to give up and call it a night. Harry Katish, who is in jail for armed robbery, pretends to wash up and wraps a towel around a bar of soap. He then goes to Mitch and begins to scream and hit him with the soap, as the others grab him and hold him down. All three force him to eat the entire tube of toothpaste. The three leave him be as Mitch lies on the floor, his stomach in pain. Peter Thompson, a low level drug dealer, goes to Mitch and pretends to be concerned, and says he’ll make him a special drink that will make him feel better. Peter grabs a glass, and fills it with water, salt, and a piece of pepper. Mitch says he isn’t stupid, but the other cellmates tell him as far as they’re all concerned, he already drank the drink, and threaten to hold him down again. Out of fear of being held down again, Mitch drinks as much as he can but begins to throw up. The cellmates laugh, and Peter says he’ll make another drink to make him feel better. Peter takes water filled with urine and feces from the toilet bowl. Mitch however, is choking and throwing up, but the cellmates start a countdown advising they’ll force him to drink it. Mitch grabs the glass and after one sip begins to throw up and choke. Jack Ulrich, in jail for arson, becomes enraged and violently beats Mitch, telling him to lick up his vomit with his tongue and belittles him as a pig. Mitch begs and pleads that he’ll clean up the mess with his mop, but Jack continues to beat him harder as Peter and Harry watch apathetically. Mitch crawls to the mess and begins to lick the vomit, further becoming sick. The cellmates become bored and decide to call it a night. As the cellmates sleep, Mitch sits down and stares at the emergency button. He makes a run and presses it, screaming into the intercom that he needs help, but the cellmates wake up and drag him to the wall and cover his mouth. Peter, speaking to the guards through the intercom, says Mitch just hurt himself and it’s nothing they can’t handle. The three cellmates beat Mitch to the ground, and then all urinate in a cup, pouring it down Mitch’s throat. Jack is further enraged that Mitch pressed the emergency button, and then anally rapes him. Peter, witnessing the rape, begins to feel remorseful and says things have gone too far, however he is threatened with violence by Jack and Harry, with Jack remarking that he’s “already a part of this” and to “remember who made the drink”. Harry then stares at Mitch, grabs the mop handle, and violently sodomizes Mitch with it, then putting the bloody and feces covered handle in Mitch’s mouth. Mitch becomes catatonic as Jack and Harry watch TV, and Peter begins to shake with remorse. Jack and Harry confront Peter on his remorse, who states he is fearful that the guards will see the blood and bruises during their routine checks, and that serving a longer sentence as a result is not worth this. Harry asks Peter what they should do, and Peter recounts an urban myth in that if a cellmate commits suicide, the psychological trauma inflicted on his fellow cellmates will significantly reduce their sentence. The three cellmates decide that Mitch needs to hang himself. They first prop him against the barred window and tie his neck with a TV cord, but the attempt fails. They then try with Mitch’s bedsheets and have him stand on a garbage can, granting him a final cigarette before Harry says “enough of this shit” and kicks the garbage can away, killing Mitch. Peter is reduced to tears as Jack and Harry remain apathetic. The next morning, the three cellmates agree to hit the emergency button and pretend to be upset by what has happened, however Peter remains silent. Throughout the interviews, Harry denies any involvement or accusations in regards to the torture and humiliation and remains indifferent to what has transpired; Jack admits his guilt and is remorseful, stating he doesn’t know why he did what he did and wants his hands washed clean; Peter is in tears for the entire interview, stating the hanging was his idea and Mitch did not deserve what happened to him. The film ends with text stating the three cellmates, all serving 2- to 3-year sentences, received an additional 8 to 15 years for their role in Mitch Palmer’s death. It is then revealed Mitch was serving a 6-month sentence for vagrancy and resisting arrest. The closing frames show Mitch helping Peter do proper pushups, and bonding in a friendly manner with his fellow cellmates.'] ['The plot mostly involves the two main characters, Ching and Yiu and problems they face with Mickey, a fellow inmate and "Killer", a prison guard. Yiu is sentenced to three years for manslaughter. In a fight for his father, he pushed a man that was then run over by a bus. Ching was sent to prison for killing his wife for being a prostitute. During the end of the film, inmates decide to go on hunger strike to protest against the cigarette price rise, this causes problems with Assassin. Ching bit Killer\'s ear off and gets an extended sentence, continued on Prison on Fire II, Yiu is released later on.'] ['{{plot}} George ‘Iceman’ Chambers, former Undisputed Heavyweight Boxing Champion, is convicted of rape and sentenced to a new prison in the desert called Sweetwater Prison. Chambers is quick to throw his status as a champion boxer. The prison however has a system where every 6 months, a boxing match between Sweetwater’s champion Monroe Hutchen  and other boxers from other prisons. Seeing Hutchen as the proverbial “Top Dog”, Chambers takes a cheap shot at Hutchen in the cafeteria and Hutchen is placed into solitary confinement. Mendy Ripstein , an elderly prisoner who has large influences in Sweetwater sees some potential to get a large sum of money if Hutchen and Chambers fight and asks his assistant Jesus Campos  to arrange for the fight to happen. The head guard  who runs the boxing events is easily persuaded but the warden is intimidated to go on a 2-week vacation and says that if Chambers and Hutchen fight in a ring, then he can’t stop them but it is to never be recorded or brought up ever after the bout. Chambers agrees to the bout only if he can get early parole and Ripstein makes arrangements for him. Ripstein comes up with the rules for the bout to be akin to the London Prize Fight Rules which is to be bareknuckle. Hutchen is let out of solitary confinement, well after he completes making a matchstick pagoda building  and starts to train for the fight against Chambers. Chambers’ manager Yank Lewis  is distraught about the conditions of the training grounds and the lack of referee and bareknuckle boxing style. Eventually, Lewis convinces Ripstein and Campos that a fight with gloves would have the match last longer and Ripstein agrees and allows 6 oz. gloves to be used. As training continues, Hutchen talks to Ripstein and convinces him to give Hutchen 40% of the winnings of the fight so he can give the money to his sister on the outside. Hutchen it turns out was committed to prison for life without the possibility of parole for beating a man to death with his boxing skills, deemed he could ‘Respond with Deadly Force’. Chambers has continued with his disrespecting of each gang in Sweetwater and each leader comes to Hutchen saying they will rig the fight to give Hutchen the edge. Hutchen refuses the chance and says he will take Chambers down and that “No matter how good you are, everybody can be beat.” Campos is also propositioned by Ripstein’s contacts, but he refuses as well saying this is Ripstein’s dream and he doesn’t want anyone messing with it. Fight Night comes and the prison waits for Hutchen’s chance to beat down Chambers. Iceman and Monroe start the fight just feeling each other out, both scoring damaging hits; then Iceman knocks Monroe down in the first round. Next round begins in the same fashion with Iceman and Monroe trading blows; again Monroe is knocked down and visibly hurt. Third round begins with Monroe taking more hits from Iceman, but Monroe dodges a right hook from the Iceman and counters with a left hook that staggers Iceman to the point of Monroe hitting him without defending himself and knocking him down for the first time in his fighting career. Iceman becomes furious and the next round begins. Monroe and Iceman continue to trade blows; Iceman throws another right hook with all of his power behind it but Monroe dodges and hits Iceman with a barrage of punches. After a devastating right hook, Monroe wins the fight via knockout. Three weeks later and Campos gives a monologue to the audience. Ripstein has died from from Chronic Liver Cancer, Iceman is given early Parole, Monroe Hutchen is moved to a nicer, larger and generally more accommodating cell. Campos is given $2 million in legitimate money, held in trust until his time is served and that he no longer has an excuse to be a criminal. Finally he tells the viewer that Iceman and his press team have denied that the fight with Monroe ever happened and it dissolved into rumors that Chambers ever lost. When the whole prison watches Iceman regain his \'World Champion\' Title on TV they all mock the announcer\'s claim that George is "Undisputed". As the prisoners chant his name again, Hutchen completes a Matchstick model of the golden gate bridge. A freeze frame occurs and a message appears next to Monroe\'s head, "Name: Monroe Hutchen Record: 69 wins 0 losses; Undisputed". The film then cuts straight to the end credits.'] ['A mysterious man  arrives at a prison as an inmate and witnesses rampant abuse and corruption, including open and endemic sexual assault, torture, worm-ridden diseased food, insurance fraud and a doctor charging inmates for care, amongst other things. During a dramatic standoff, he reveals himself to be the new prison warden, Henry Brubaker, to the amazement of both prisoners and officials alike. With ideals and vision, he attempts to reform the prison, with an eye towards prisoner rehabilitation and human rights. He recruits several long-time prisoners, including Larry Lee Bullen  and Richard "Dickie" Coombes , to assist him with the reform. Their efforts improve the prison conditions, but his stance inflames several corrupt officials on the prison board who have profited from graft for decades. When he discovers multiple unmarked graves of prisoners on the property, he attempts to unravel the mystery, leading to political scandal. When a trustee realizes that he might be held accountable for killing another inmate, he decides to make a run for it, the resulting gunfight proves to be the final ammunition that the prison board  needs to fire Brubaker. A statement before the credits explains that two years after Brubaker was fired, twenty four inmates sued the prison. The court ruled that the treatment of the prisoners was unconstitutional and the prison system was ultimately reformed. Meanwhile, the governor was not reelected. The movie is based on the real-life experiences of Thomas Murton, author of the novel upon which the movie is based and one-time warden in the Arkansas state prison system. Much of the squalid conditions, violence and corruption depicted in the film was the subject of a 1970 federal court case, Holt v. Sarver, in which the federal court ruled that Arkansas\' prison system violated inmates\' constitutional rights, and ordered reform.  Filmed at The Junction City Prison Farm in Junction City, Ohio, Bremen, Ohio, New Lexington, Ohio, and at the Fairfield County Fairgrounds in Lancaster, Ohio.'] ['For the past 13 years, Dr. Herbert West  has been serving his prison sentence for his role in the death of a teenage girl at the hands of one of his zombies. With what scant supplies he has on hand in the prison medical center, Dr. West has been capable of performing only extremely basic experiments on rats. However, his lack of supplies does not prevent him from uncovering a key element in his re-animation process. When a young doctor named Howard Phillips  comes to work at the prison, he teams up with West to help him attain the supplies and tools needed to bring his experiments to the next level. Phillips is the younger brother of the teenage girl who was killed  and came to the prison for the explicit purpose of working with West. In the meantime, Phillips gets a girlfriend, the journalist Laura Olney. Dr. West has discovered "NPE" , an energy that can be extracted from the brain of a living organism through an electrocution-like process, to be stored in a capsule resembling a small light bulb. The capsule can then be connected to a corpse and used in conjunction with West\'s previously developed reagent to restore the former dead to a lifelike state. The NPE prevents the degeneration seen in previous instances, where the reanimated are nothing more than mindless zombies. Used together with the re-agent, reanimated corpses regain their skills, memories, and motor functions and nearly fully resemble normal humans. The warden of the prison uncovers West\'s experiments, and is subsequently killed and re-animated a la Dr. Carl Hill in the first Re-Animator. However, West uses the NPE from a prisoner\'s pet rat, causing some unexpected side effects in the warden\'s behavior. It manifests itself as the prison descends into utter chaos as a riot breaks out, with vials of the reagent circulating through the population. Soon, it is unclear who is dead, who is alive, and who has been exposed to the agent. During the chaos, Laura is killed. Phillips is believed to be criminally insane by guards, when they find him weeping over Laura\'s head, severed from her body. West manages to escape the prison by stealing Phillips\' I.D., when he comes across him weeping over Laura\'s decapitated body before the guards appear. In the end of the film, West is shown putting on his glasses outside the prison, once he has slipped past security. He then throws a human eye, struggling to move, onto the lawn of the prison. After witnessing this, West slips into the night to continue his research.'] ['{{Plot}} Set in the Whitehead Correctional Institute, the film begins with Sabrina Downs  narrating a specific experience she had while serving time as a convict. Her story begins as she meets Frances Shephard , a timid woman that is new to the prison system, during their bus ride to the correctional facility. The women arrive at the prison, where they meet Captain Alan Dease , who proceeds to line them up and exclaim the rules of the prison and consequences for not abiding by them. As Frances is escorted by an officer to the jail cell she will be living in, she enters to a scene of female convicts gambling, smoking, and talking amongst themselves. She attempts to move in with her cell mate Nikki Barnes , who is presumed to be the leader amongst the convicts, but is denied and instead lives with Lil’ Mama , a 17-year old pregnant convict who is deeply involved in Christianity and befriends Frances. Lil’ Mama introduces Francis to another inmate named Wet , who informs her on the different crews in the prison. When asked what crime she committed, Frances confesses that she accidentally murdered her abusive husband in effort to protect herself. The next day, Frances is familiarized with the inmates’ daily routine of hard labor in what the other convicts refer to as a “sweatshop.” Michael Meadows , a law student who is hired as the new correctional officer at Whitehead, enters Dease’s office and introduces himself. They have a brief conversation before Dease is called to stop a fight that has occurred between Nikki and Aiesha , who the other inmates claim to be Dease’s secret mistress and informer. After two officers take Aisha away for starting the fight, Dease has an intimidating conversation with Michael informing him that he runs the prison, not Nelson , the warden. Nelson approaches Dease and they collaborate about their plans to increase their profit off the prison. Aisha enters Dease’s office to discuss her fight with Nicki and Dease slaps her in the face, telling her she’s unimportant. He presents Aisha with a gift but refuses to give it to her until she provides him with any information about the other convicts. Dease then turns off the surveillance camera and forces Aisha to perform oral sex on him. After she leaves the office, Aisha finds Frances, punches her in the face for confessing that Aisha caused the fight, and steals her necklace. Aisha leaves around the corner and is surprised by Nikki, who stabs her and takes Frances’s chain back. After the incident, Michael takes Frances to Dease’s office where Nelson questions her, but Frances provides no information about what she saw and is let go. Later that night, Dease and the other officers enter Nikki’s cell and beat her, claiming that they know she stabbed Aisha. According to Sabrina’s narration, however, Dease secretly loves Nikki and abuses her because she does not return the feelings. Michael enters the break room where Dease and the other guards are. They begin to discuss the possible closing of the prison and John Banks , a white officer, is concerned about finding a new job. Dease claims that the loss of jobs is associated with untrained students such as Michael stealing their jobs, which creates tension between the other officers and Michael. As Michael attempts to defend himself and the mistreated female inmates, Dease proceeds to yell at him that these women have no respect for society and are therefore deserve to be treated poorly. Later, Michael does his own research on the prison system and discovers that these female convicts are being exploited for cheap labor. At night, Lil’ Mama becomes very ill and the other convicts are concerned about her and her child’s health. No officers come to help and Frances, who was a nurse, takes care of Lil’ Mama throughout the night. The next day in the sweatshop, Nikki thanks Frances for helping Lil’ Mama and returns her necklace. The ladies receive bad news that Frances was denied an appeal, Nikki’s children do not come to visit, and Wet gets a citation for creating a petition to end the prison’s harsh working conditions. Also, Aisha returns after recovering from being stabbed. Frances, Nikki, Lil’ Mama, and Wet, now friends, sneak off to the kitchen where they share food and wine. They witness Dease secretly place a small bomb in the kitchen which goes off and alarms the other officers. As a result, Dease blamed the incident on the inmates and has the kitchen rebuilt. After placing the prison on lockdown, Nelson approaches Dease, angry about the explosion and Wet’s petition. Nelson states that he was informed that Dease created the explosion and threatens to fire Dease if he attempts any secret plans again. During a cell search, Officer Banks enters Wet’s room and begins to damage her belongings, causing an altercation between Wet and Banks. Wet is taken to solitary confinement. When she returns, Wet and the other inmates collaborate and create another petition in a few days to present to Miller , a man that Nelson hopes will invest in the prison’s cheap labor. When Miller arrives to the workstation where the inmates are, Frances stands and reads the inmates’ demands for better working conditions and Nikki proceeds in giving the petition to Miller. Dease and Banks begin to hit Frances and Nikki and take them to solitary confinement where they stay for 6 days. During this period, they share stories and Frances helps Nikki overcome the temptation of snorting the cocaine that Dease takes to her room. They are let out and return to their routine. During a visit from her sister, Francis discovers that her daughter Maxine has been killed in a gang shooting. After returning from suicide watch, Frances and the other inmates devise a plan to get back at Dease with the help from Michael and Aisha, who is fed up with Dease for beating her. While Lil’ Mama cleans Dease’s office, Aisha enters and seduces Dease, who kicks out Lil’ Mama and turns off the surveillance camera. After Lil’ Mama returns briefly and turns the camera back on, Aisha makes it appear as if Dease is raping her. Caught on video, the ladies plan on giving the evidence to the governor. When Lil’ Mama attempts to take the tape in Dease’s office, Dease harasses and rapes her. When she returns to the jail cell full of blood, the other inmates rush her to the infirmary where she has a miscarriage and dies. The inmates, who are violently upset, attack the doctor as he attempts to call Dease to have them escorted back to their jail cells. They hold the doctor at gunpoint and handcuff Michael to a chair. Wet shoots Dease as he enters and he in return fires a shot and hits the doctor. Nelson, informed of the situation, refuses to call the Governor for assistance and instead orders the officers to be ready at the scene. In the infirmary, the convicts release Michael, handcuff wounded Dease, and call Nelson, telling him he has one hour to get the Governor on the phone. Nelson demands to speak with Dease in order to ensure he is alive. The inmates put Dease on the phone and force him to tell Nelson that he raped Lil’ Mama. When her back is turned, Dease attacks Frances and Nikki shoots Dease several times, killing him. Sergeant Cervantes , the officer in charge, orders the inmates to surrender and Wet goes outside and shoots an officer. She is shot in the chest and dies. After much thought, Frances and Nikki decide to exit the infirmary and are killed by the officers. Meanwhile, Aisha sneaks into Dease’s office and retrieves the tape. During her final narration, Sabrina explains that after taking the evidence to a lawyer, the women file a lawsuit against the prison for their abuse and win the case. The prison is shut down and Nelson is indicted for making corrupt business deals and using the prison for his profit. Aisha is killed in a prison fight shortly after. Sabrina, now free, dedicates the inmates’ victory to Nikki, Francis, Lil’ Mama, and Wet for their courage.'] ["The Stooges must get their future father-in-law ([[John Tyrrell  out of jail. Apparently, the father is a prison warden who has been overthrown and put behind bars by the local mafia. The Stooges manage to sneak into the prison, find the father-in-law to be, and start snapping as many incriminating photos of the mafia's party as possible. As a result, the real crooks are served justice, and the Stooges marry their sweethearts."] ['Emmett Foley  is an American hero of the Korean War who attempts to commit suicide, first by provoking local police and then by shooting himself in the chest. After his recovery, he is sent to the Florida State Hospital, an institution in Chattahoochee, Florida, where he fights against doctors and staff who are terrorizing and torturing their patients. His efforts eventually led to sweeping reforms in the Florida mental health system.'] ['Lee Umstetter  is in San Quentin for armed robbery serving "life without possibility" -- that is, with no chance of parole. After two failed suicide attempts, Lee begins to read books from the prison library. He attends a performance of Waiting for Godot given for the prisoners and is deeply moved. He begins to write plays about imprisonment and then stages them, too. One is a social-protest musical extravaganza about life in the penitentiary, which attracts visitors and earns Lee the regard of a San Francisco theatre reviewer  who persuades the governor to release him. Lee organises an acting troupe made up of former cons -- a shoplifter ([[William Forsythe , a murderer , an embezzler , a smart pimp , a flasher , and others. Lee\'s work doesn\'t make the same impact outside the prison as it did inside. Touring in a camper, with no money, the men are torn by impulses to revert to their former criminal behaviour.'] ['Sascha Petrosevitch  is a car thief who\'s brought in by criminal Nick Frazier  to work for crime boss Sonny Eckvall , who apparently shot and killed Sascha\'s wife. FBI Special Agent Ellen "E. Z." Williams  and her team show up to nail Nick, but things go bad, and Sascha gets shot. After eight months of recovery following his brief bout of being clinically dead from the shooting, Sascha is incarcerated along with Nick in the newly reopened Alcatraz prison.  Run by the charismatic warden, Juan Ruiz "El Fuego" Escarzaga , the place is known for its new state of the art death chamber where the condemned can choose from five different ways to die—lethal injection, gas chamber, hanging, firing squad, or electric chair. Lester McKenna  is the first prisoner scheduled to be executed. An older man, he stole $200,000,000 worth of gold bricks in a heist that resulted in five deaths. Federal Bureau of Prisons head Frank Hubbard  and Supreme Court Justice June McPherson  have arrived to witness the execution, which is a result of June sentencing Lester. But she\'s not the only one interested in Lester. A small but well-equipped team of terrorists who call themselves the "49ers" have parachuted onto the island, and gained control of it. Led by 49er One, a.k.a. Hubbard\'s assistant Donny Johnson , and 49er Six , the team finds Lester, and they want him to give up the location of his hidden stash of gold. When Lester will not tell them, Donny shoots a nearby priest , and threatens to kill others if the information is not delivered. Donny\'s plan is disrupted, however, when Sascha decides to step in and fight back. It turns out that Sascha is actually an undercover FBI agent who has been trying to use Nick to get to Sonny Eckvall. When Sascha rescues Lester, the 49ers strap June to the electric chair and threaten to kill her, all while Ellen and her team prepare a rescue plan from the mainland. With the help of Nick and some of the other inmates such as Twitch  and Little Joe , Sascha sets out to rescue June and bring Donny down, before Alcatraz becomes everyone\'s final resting place.'] ['A gangster is murdered, and all of his holdings are in his girlfriend\'s  name; she\'s charged and sent to "Club Fed," where all the inmates are rich. While there, she meets and falls in love with an undercover FBI agent , who was sent there to find signs of corruption so that the FBI can shut down the prison.'] ['A few short hours after the assassination of President Abraham Lincoln , Dr. Samuel Mudd  gives treatment to a man with a broken leg who shows up at his door. Mudd does not know that the president has been assassinated and the man who he is treating is John Wilkes Booth . Mudd is arrested for being an accessory in the assassination and is sent to prison on the Dry Tortugas, described as in the West Indies and referred to in the film as "America\'s own Devil\'s Island". After a period of ill treatment due to his notoriety, his skills as a doctor are requested by the Commandant of the prison. The island has been in the grip of a yellow fever epidemic and the official prison doctor has fallen ill. Dr. Mudd takes charge with the blessing of the Commandant and the cooperation of the soldier guards, and the yellow jack epidemic subsides. In the end he receives a pardon and is allowed to return home.'] ["The movie chronicles the fictional experiences of several youths during their stay in a youth detention center. The focus revolves around the character 'Butch' who is imprisoned for attacking and blinding a correctional officer . The film starts with an initial 'bedding in' period where the main characters are briefed by one of the guards  about how they should conduct themselves during their incarceration, including the possibility of earning points towards an early release should they behave. Butch initially attempts to conform with the rules. However, another of the recent detainees, Davis, finds himself bullied by some of the longer term youths who have earned the special privileges reserved for good behaviour, but have abused in order to intimidate the other boys. Butch is eventually attacked by the youths, whilst the bullying against Davis increases to the point that he is overdosed with an unrevealed substance. Butch is sent to solitude due to his refusal to reveal his attackers. Once he is out he immediately takes revenge against the youths, using Davis as lookout cover, Butch brutally beats the bully leader with a cup. The event helps establishes Butch's rank within the detention centre and offers temporary protection to Davis and some of the other inmates. Butch is then told that the original charges against him will probably be dropped due to the emergence of other witnesses in relation to his attack against the police officer. However, during a routine painting job, the prison officer Goodyear accidentally kills one of the group  that Butch had formed friends with. Butch is placed in solitary confinement whilst an initial investigation takes place. Whilst Butch is in solitary, Davis is beaten up and raped by the inmates who had earlier bullied him, and later commits suicide after a failed attempt to contact his mother. As a result, Butch loses control and instigates a riot in the canteen. The detention officers are overwhelmed and use riot gear, tear gas and plastic bullets in an attempt to end the riot. Butch escapes outside the building during the confusion, but is taken down violently by the prison officers."] ['Lucas Jackson  is arrested for cutting the heads off a small town\'s parking meters one drunken night in the early 1960s. He is sentenced to two years in prison and sent to a Florida prison camp, run by the heartless Captain . Luke is revealed to be a decorated Korean War veteran. The screen play and the scene\'s direction begins the introduction and exposition of the uniqueness of his character to this setting, by the reaction to the reading of the record of inmate Lucas Jackson. He was a decorated Korean War hero who was promoted up from the ranks to Sergeant, but who left the service just as he had entered, a “buck” Private. Luke further introduces his character by his “off-hand” explanation of the bravery, promotions and demotions as, “I guess I was just passing time, Captain.” Luke fails to observe the established pecking order among the prisoners and quickly runs afoul of the prisoners\' de facto leader Dragline . The pair spar, with the prisoners and guards watching. Although Luke is severely outmatched by the larger Dragline, he repeatedly refuses to stay down and eventually Dragline refuses to fight further. Luke suffers a beating but wins the respect of Dragline and the rest of the prison population. Later, Luke wins a poker game on a bluff with a worthless hand. Luke comments that "sometimes nothing can be a real cool hand," and Dragline promptly bestows on him the nickname "Cool Hand Luke." After a visit from his mother and nephew , he becomes more optimistic about his situation. Despite the brutal conditions within the camp, including hard physical labor and extended time in "the box" , Luke demonstrates an unquenchable spirit and the other prisoners begin to idolize him, particularly after he wins a spur-of-the moment bet that he can eat fifty hard-boiled eggs in one hour. Luke continually circumvents the authority of the Captain and the prison-guard "Bosses" led by Boss Godfrey  and his sense of humor and independence in the face of incarceration prove contagious and inspiring to the other prisoners. This struggle for influence comes to a head when Luke leads the work crew in a seemingly impossible effort to complete a road-paving job in a single day, in defiance of convention and expectations. Luke becomes recognized as a trouble-maker by the prison authorities. News of his mother\'s death reaches Luke and the Captain locks him in the box instead of sending him to work, anticipating that Luke might attempt escape in order to attend his mother\'s funeral. After this, Luke becomes determined to escape. After an initial escape attempt under the cover of a Fourth of July celebration, he is recaptured by local police and fitted with leg irons to prevent further attempts. Upon Luke\'s returning, the Captain delivers a warning speech to the other inmates, beginning with the famous line, "What we\'ve got here is failure to communicate. Some men you just can\'t reach. So you get what we had here last week, which is the way he wants it... well, he gets it. I don\'t like it any more than you men." Some time later, Luke makes another escape, this time visiting a nearby house where he uses an axe to remove his chain and curry powder to throw off the prison\'s tracking Bloodhounds. This escape is successful but short-lived. While free, Luke mails the prisoners a magazine that includes a photograph of him with two beautiful women, which is received with awe and delight. He is soon recaptured, beaten, and returned to the prison camp. As part of his punishment he is then fitted with two sets of leg chains. When he regains consciousness, Luke is annoyed by the prisoners\' fawning and lashes out, revealing that the picture was a fake. At first the other prisoners are angry, but when, after a long stay in the box, Luke is forced to eat a giant pile of rice, the other prisoners help him finish. Luke\'s escapades seal him as a legendary figure in the eyes of the prisoners but the Captain sets out to break Luke\'s spirit. As punishment for his escape, he is required to dig a large hole of the same dimensions as a grave in the prison camp yard, then fill it in and repeat the process, and is mercilessly beaten as his comrades look on with horror. Finally, an exhausted Luke collapses in his hole and begs to God for mercy and to the bosses not to be hit again as the other prisoners watch from the windows of the bunk house. Believing Luke finally to be broken, the Captain allows Luke to stop and go inside. Luke is hauled back into the bunk house where he struggles to his bed alone. Ashamed by Luke\'s capitulation to the Captain, the prisoners begin to lose their idealized image of Luke. One prisoner pulls out the magazine with Luke\'s picture in it and tears it up. Though seemingly broken in spirit, Luke takes one last stab at freedom when he gets the chance to steal the guards\' truck. Dragline jumps in the truck with Luke and they drive off. They travel until at night near a church, Luke tells Dragline that they should split up. Saddened and regretful, Dragline thanks Luke as they part and Luke enters the church. Here, Luke decides to talk with God, who he believes made him the way he is and is sabotaging him so he cannot win in life. Luke prays and asks God what he should do but gets no reply. Moments later, police cars arrive outside. Dragline re-enters and tells Luke that he made a deal with the bosses that they won\'t hurt them if they surrender peacefully. Luke, knowing better, moves to an open window, quotes the Captain\'s famous line from earlier  and is immediately shot in the neck by Boss Godfrey. A distraught Dragline hauls him outside and attacks Godfrey but is stopped by the other men. The sheriff  then says that he\'s made a call to the local hospital, but the Captain insists on taking him to the prison hospital. When the sheriff says that it\'s an hour\'s drive away and that Luke would never survive, the Captain merely says that "He\'s ours." Luke smiles weakly as the car drives off. The car crushes Boss Godfrey\'s fallen mirror shades as it pulls out. Later, Dragline and the other prisoners reminisce about Luke. Dragline describes Luke\'s unique smile as scenes of Luke\'s escapades flash across the screen. The final image is the now-repaired picture of Luke and the two women, before the screen fades to black.'] ["When orphaned Jimmy Mason is taken in by his Aunt Emma and Uncle Henry, he meets their boarder Matt Kelly, who impresses the young man with his boastful swagger and alleged political connections, although in reality he's a bootlegger. The boy's life is disrupted when, as one of Kelly's hired hands, he refuses to identify his boss during a police raid and is sentenced to three years of hard labor in reform school, where he befriends a sickly boy named Shorty, who eventually is sent to solitary confinement. When Jimmy realizes his new pal is seriously ill and desperately needs medical attention, he escapes and goes to Kelly and Kelly's girl friend, Peggy Gardner, for help. Peggy contacts newspaper columnist Frank Gebhardt, who is anxious to expose the conditions at the state industrial school. The authorities find Jimmy at Gebhardt's office, but before they can apprehend him Kelly admits his involvement in the bootlegging operation and the boy is set free. He discovers Shorty has died, victimized by a corrupt system."] ['Feelgood prison-escape movie that sees a group of prison inmates , put on a theatrical show of Nelson: The Musical to cover their daring break-out attempt. Anne Dudley collaborated with Stephen Fry to write and produce songs for the send-up musical "Nelson".'] ['The film begins with a flashback narrated by Leland P. Fitzgerald , describing how he couldn\'t remember the details of the day that he killed a intellectually disabled boy named Ryan Pollard ([[Michael Welch . Leland is arrested while the rest of the town reacts with shock to the senseless murder. Ryan\'s parents , sisters Becky  and Julie ([[Michelle Williams , as well as Julie\'s live-in boyfriend Allen ([[Chris Klein  grieve the loss of their loved one. Leland\'s divorced mother  is desperate to see her son, while his father, famous writer Albert Fitzgerald , discovers his son\'s fate in a newspaper and returns home to be there for the trial. While in juvenile hall, Leland is schooled by teacher Pearl Madison , an aspiring writer who is searching for a breakthrough story. Like many others at the detention center, Pearl senses there is something different about the emotionally detached Leland, and helps him circumvent the prison rules so he can keep a journal. While his girlfriend is out of town in Los Angeles, Pearl sleeps with a coworker and tells her that he is going to write a book about Leland. Through his discussions with Pearl, Leland reveals his childhood memories such as his grandmother\'s funeral and traveling long distances to visit his father. One time, he decided to stay in New York rather than continue on to see his father. After he couldn\'t find a hotel to sleep in, a kindhearted family, the Calderons, decided to take him in for his stay. He continued to visit the family over the years, and was especially captivated by Mrs. Calderon . The two also discuss Leland\'s history with Becky, Ryan\'s sister. He had met her innocently at a record store and begun regularly walking home with her and Ryan after school. They had grown to love each other, and Leland recalled a time when Becky asked him to promise her "everything\'s gonna be okay", despite his objections that he had no control over bad things that could happen. As she explained, sometimes it\'s just nice to hear things one hopes to be true. Pearl covertly arranges a meeting with Leland\'s father at his hotel. After he asks for more information on his family\'s past, Albert realizes Pearl is researching for his book and refuses to let his son be exploited - something he is guilty of himself. He eventually tells the prison supervisor about Pearl\'s prohibited meetings with Leland, leading him to be reassigned to another section of the prison. Leland discovers through Allen that Becky had had an affair with a drug dealer named Kevin who is due to be released from prison. After he gets out of prison, Becky starts to see Kevin again and decides to break up with Leland. In a rare display of emotion, he argues with her, but ultimately realizes the futility of anything he can do or say to change her mind, saying that neither the tears nor the amount of his love - he says he still dreams about her - can change the fact that she does not love him in return. Pearl says, he should be angry with her since she betrayed him. Leland replies that he is sad, but not angry. Pearl begins to realize the implications of his sexual indiscretion through his discussions with Leland, and admits his own failings. Eventually, his girlfriend discovers his tryst and they have a fight over the phone. Meanwhile, Julie decides to break up with Allen and doesn\'t want him to go to college. Brokenhearted, he holds up an auto repair shop and allows himself to be arrested in front of Julie. He is sent to the same juvenile hall as Leland, where he steals a knife  and kills Leland in the prison yard as revenge for what he has done to the Pollard family. Pearl flies to LA to reconcile with his girlfriend and reads Leland\'s final entries in his journal. On one of his return trips to New York, Leland had discovered that Mrs. Calderon had divorced her husband and that the spark for life that she had before was gone; it is implied Leland and Mrs. Calderon had slept together. Afterwards, Leland writes, he begins noticing a sadness in everyone around him, driving him into a deep depression. One day, as he walks Ryan home from school, the boy becomes frustrated with an obstacle on the bike path. Leland helps him off his bike, gives him a hug, and whispers in his ear that "everything is going to be okay".'] ['Parole officer Sandra Parker  becomes aware of the death of one of her cases Ginger Stratton at the hands of brutal prison guard Claire Tyson . All too aware of Tyson\'s impeccable record, Parker and her friend District Attorney\'s assistant Helen Anderson come to the conclusion that Tyson is basically untouchable. Parker hatches a scheme to expose Tyson by going undercover in prison herself. Helen attempts to persuade her that this is foolish but there is no stopping Sandra. From this moment on, Sandra bleaches her hair and gives herself some needle marks as if she were a drug addict. Also from this moment on Sandra Parker is known as Sally Porter - still portrayed by Nettleton. Helen uses her knowledge of the DA\'s office to have her boss Barney Fielder  sign the appropriate papers. Sally Porter is transported to prison, finds herself on Ginger\'s "ward" and begins asking questions of her other inmates. Outside the prison, Helen Anderson  is shot and killed by a boyfriend of one of her cases. Sally must therefore prove Tyson\'s true credentials before she can escape. Life in prison moves on and Tyson\'s "henchwoman" Lila  becomes suspicious of all of Sally\'s questions. At first Tyson is angry with Sally\'s insolence but begins at one point to warm to her as she shows spirit. However as Sally attempts to protect Melinda  - so Sally and Melinda find themselves in an impossibly small room for a prolonged period. Just before lights out - Lila informs Sally that "the word\'s been passed" and Sally is due to be killed tomorrow. Sally is all too aware that she must escape and makes a run. Initially unaware of the escape attempt, the prison closes for the night - until Tyson does the usual number checks and sounds the alarm. A chase ensues with Sally still within the prison grounds. Incredibly one wrong turn that Sally takes brings her face to face with a furious Tyson. The two exchange blows before Sally pins Tyson to the floor putting Tyson\'s own truncheon across Tyson\'s throat and kneeling on it. The struggle is interrupted by the prison governor. As the pair of frantic women are separated, Sally cries out to the governor that she is in fact Sandra Parker, asking him to contact Barney Fielder  to confirm her identity. As this is taking place, Tyson is frantically explaining to the prison governor that Sally had tried to kill her. Accusing her repeatedly of being "a dirty lying lousy little con". In the film\'s penultimate scene, the governor looks somewhat disbelievingly at Tyson as Sally  cries out "Oh my God". The film ends with Sally walking triumphantly down the corrider which led to her ward - dressed in her ordinary clothes . She promises to reopen Melinda\'s case.'] ["Jimmy Boland  has been sentenced to a California maximum-security prison for a murder that he didn't commit. When he sees some black prison inmates sodomizing his friend, he flies into a rage and kills the gang leader. The prison warden, in an effort to do Jimmy in, transfers him to the black wing of the prison, where he is sure the black prisoners will dispatch him quickly. This looks to be a safe bet, since the gang member Jimmy had killed was a drug supplier to Blue, the leader of the black prison gang. Wheelhead, a white inmate and leader of a group of white supremacists, takes Jimmy under his wing and offers Jimmy support if he joins the gang. Jimmy refuses, preferring to stay neutral. Meanwhile, Jimmy warms up to his cellmate Stark , and Stark invites Jimmy to join a multi-racial group of prisoners who tend the rooftop prison garden. Jimmy has managed to maintain his neutrality, but at a price. Now both Blue and Wheelhead want to see him dead."] ['The movie begins with a prison inmate, Luther , speaking directly to the camera to an unseen individual, telling the story of Dizzy Gillespie Harrison , an 18-year-old high school senior and nerd. Dizzy is friends with Nora , Kirk  and Glen ,<ref name http://www.mahalo.com/the-new-guy/| title  Mahalo| date  2012-04-02}} The school librarian  would eventually "break" it after Dizzy refuses to "hand" over the "weapon" to her. Dizzy\'s white briefs were yanked from underneath his pants and placed around his head<ref name http://www.screenit.com/movies/2002/the_new_guy.html| title  Screen It!| date  2009-07-22}} - revealing the erect penis in plain sight to nearly everyone instead of "covering it." Dizzy is misdiagnosed with Tourette syndrome; he is then placed on medication by the school counselor who advises his father  to spend every moment possible with him. While at the mall\'s food court, the heavily medicated Dizzy makes a fool of himself at a church revival and gets arrested. In an attempt to wipe the slate clean, Dizzy gets himself expelled from his old high school, then undergoes a makeover with the help of the prison inmates and guards. The action has an intended effect, and head cheerleader, Danielle , welcomes the newcomer to school. Reaching the state championship, where they play Rocky Creek, Dizzy\'s antics on the sideline cost Rocky Creek the game, although Barclay recognizes his old punching bag. At school the next day, he attempts to beat up Dizzy, and is in turn attacked by the entire student body. After the attack, Connor helps up Barclay from the ground, telling him he wants to know what he knows . The homecoming dance, which Dizzy\'s funk band is supposed to play, is crashed by the students of Rocky Creek. Barclay and Connor, who have joined forces to set a trap for Dizzy, play an embarrassing video of the librarian incident. However, Luther and the other inmates arrive to save Dizzy and tie up the two bullies. Nora admits longstanding feelings for Glen, and Dizzy and Danielle reconcile. Luther ends the film, and the man he is talking to is revealed to be David Hasselhoff.  In the uncensored version of the movie, Dizzy appears to be a "child of divorce. Miss Kiki Pierce talks about Dizzy\'s excessive masturbation and becomes his stepmother in the uncensored version .'] ["Manual Jordan, a man who served nearly 23 years for killing a teenager during an attempted robbery, is granted parole from a life sentence. After spending his time staring at a clipping of Abner Easley, the boy he killed, he returns to the city he used to live in to find redemption. He ends up living at a community house which is run by Miles Evans, a preacher. He offers Manual work so he can pay for the room, and Manual places Abner's photo in his room to remind himself. While staying at the community house, he befriends Sofia Mellinger, a wild young woman with no adult figure in her life. Manual also encounters Adele Easley, the elder sister of Abner. She does not recognize Manual and in his pursuit for forgiveness, he forms a friendship with her, and their relationship begins to develop. Manual gets his chance for redemption when Adele's rebellious teenage son becomes involved in violence. Manual tries to befriend him and steer him in the right direction, ever mindful of the past."] ['Agent John Keller  goes undercover into the tough prison known as Fuego Penal to find out about the corpses of prisoners disappearing without a trace. There he gets involved in a dangerous tournament arranged by a man named Justin Caesar , where the prisoners are forced to fight to death. The tournament has only one rule: There are no rules.'] ["Alice Goodwin  is a school nurse who lives with her husband Howard  and two girls on a small dairy farm in Wisconsin. After the death of the daughter of her friend Theresa Collins  on Alice's property, the couple watch helplessly as the community turns against them. To make matters worse, Alice finds herself fighting charges of child abuse."] ['Lieutenant General Eugene Irwin  is brought to a maximum security military prison to begin a ten-year sentence for his decision  to send U.S. troops on a mission in Burundi, resulting in the deaths of eight soldiers. Colonel Winter , the prison\'s commandant, is a great admirer of the general but is offended by a comment by Irwin that he overhears. Irwin criticizes Winter\'s much-prized military artifacts collection, saying that the used bullets from the Civil War it includes is something no combat veteran - such as Irwin - would ever have. Colonel Winter, who has never seen combat in his career, quickly resents what he perceives as Irwin\'s attempt to change the attitude of the prisoners, and his admiration and respect of Irwin fades fast. On one occasion, Irwin is punished harshly after stopping a guard from clubbing a prisoner, Corporal Ramon Aguilar, who had made the mistake of saluting Irwin in the prison yard. Continuing to observe acts of cruelty, Irwin attempts to unify the prisoners by building a "castle wall" of stone and mortar at the facility, which in many ways resembles a medieval castle. Envying the respect Irwin is clearly receiving, Winter orders his guards to destroy the wall. Aguilar, directly involved in the building of the wall, takes a stand before the bulldozer. Winter orders a sharpshooter to fire a normally non-lethal rubber bullet directly at Aguilar\'s head, killing him. After the wall is destroyed, Irwin and the inmates pay final respects to Aguilar in formation. Colonel Winter later tries to make amends with Irwin, but Irwin calls him a disgrace to the uniform and demands his resignation. The prisoners begin to behave like soldiers around Irwin, using code words and gestures, infuriating the commandant. Winter reaches out to an anti-social prisoner named Yates , a former officer and Apache pilot convicted of running a drug smuggling ring, bribing him to inform about Irwin\'s plans in exchange for a reduced sentence. Irwin organizes a plot to throw the prison into chaos. His intent is to show a friend, Brigadier General Wheeler , the commandant\'s superior officer, that the commandant is unfit and should be removed from command under the Uniform Code of Military Justice. During a visit by General Wheeler to the prison, Winter receives a letter threatening the kidnapping of Wheeler by the prisoners. After ordering his men into action, Winter discovers that the kidnap scheme was a fake. Irwin orchestrated it as a way to detect how prison guards would react during an actual uprising. Yates becomes the key to their plan, tasked with stealing a U.S. flag from the warden\'s office and seizing a Bell UH-1 helicopter used by guards. The inmate revolt begins. Using improvised weapons  and the tactics of a military unit, the prisoners capture an armored vehicle and the helicopter. The prisoners place a call to Wheeler\'s headquarters and inform him of the riot. Winter has little time to regain control before Wheeler can arrive to see the prison under siege. He orders the use of live ammunition against the prisoners. He also knows from Yates that Irwin\'s ultimate goal is to raise the American flag upside down, a classic signal of distress. Irwin\'s men create havoc but ultimately are confronted with overwhelming numbers of guards, all armed with live ammunition in their weapons. Knowing further resistance would only mean a massacre, Irwin orders the prisoners to stand down. Despite Winter having successfully halted the uprising with the threat of overwhelming force, Irwin elects to hoist the flag personally. Colonel Winter orders his men to open fire on Irwin, but they refuse to do so on the orders of Winter\'s second-in-command, Captain Peretz. The colonel cannot persuade anyone else to follow his command, so he proceeds to shoot Irwin fatally himself. Peretz places the commandant under arrest. The prisoners salute the flag and Winter now sees that Irwin has actually raised the U.S. flag in the correct manner. It flies above the prison\'s walls as Brigadier General Wheeler arrives and Colonel Winter is led away in handcuffs. The story ends with the inmates building a new wall as memorial to their fallen comrades. Aguilar\'s and Irwin\'s names are among those carved onto the castle wall.'] ['In a Louisiana nursing home in 1999, Paul Edgecomb  begins to cry while watching the film Top Hat. His elderly friend Elaine  shows concern for him, and Paul tells her that the film reminded him of when he was a corrections officer in charge of death row inmates at Cold Mountain Penitentiary during the summer of 1935. The cell block Paul  works in is called the "Green Mile" because the condemned prisoners walking to their execution are said to be walking "the last mile". Here, it is a stretch of faded lime-green linoleum. The other guards include Brutus "Brutal" Howell , Harry Terwilliger , and Dean Stanton . One day, John Coffey , a giant black man convicted of raping and killing two young white girls, arrives on death row. However, he is shy, soft-spoken, and emotional. John reveals extraordinary powers by healing Paul\'s urinary tract infection and resurrecting a mouse. Later, he heals the terminally ill wife  of Warden Hal Moores . When John is asked to explain his power, he merely says that he "took it back." Percy Wetmore , a sadistic and unpopular guard, who is the nephew of the governor\'s wife, has recently begun working on the mile. Percy recognizes that the other officers dislike him and uses that to demand managing the next execution. After that, he promises he will transfer to an administrative post at a mental hospital. An agreement is made, but Percy then deliberately sabotages the execution. Instead of wetting the sponge used to conduct electricity and make executions quick and effective, he leaves it dry, causing the execution of Eduard Delacroix  to malfunction dramatically. Shortly afterward, a violent prisoner named "Wild Bill" Wharton  arrives, to be executed for multiple murders committed during a robbery. At one point he seizes John\'s arm, and John psychically senses that Wharton is responsible for the crime for which John was convicted and sentenced to death. John "takes back" the sickness in Hal\'s wife and regurgitates it into Percy, who then shoots Wharton to death and falls into a state of permanent catatonia. Percy is then housed in the Briar Ridge Mental Hospital. In the wake of these events, Paul interrogates John, who says he "punished them bad men" and offers to show Paul what he saw. John takes Paul\'s hand and says he has to give Paul "a part of himself" in order for Paul to see what really happened to the girls. Paul asks John what he should do, if he should open the door and let John walk away. John tells him that there is too much pain in the world, to which he is sensitive, and says he is "rightly tired of the pain" and is ready to rest. For his last request on the night before his execution, John watches the film Top Hat. When John is put in the electric chair, he asks Paul not to put the traditional black hood over his head because he is afraid of the dark. Paul agrees, shakes his hand, and John is executed. As Paul finishes his story, he notes that he requested a transfer to a youth detention center, where he spent the remainder of his career. Elaine questions his statement that he had a fully grown son at the time, and Paul explains that he was 44 years old at the time of John\'s execution and that he is now 108. This is apparently a side effect of John giving a "part of himself" to Paul. Mr. Jingles, Del\'s mouse resurrected by John, is also still alive — but Paul believes his outliving all of his relatives and friends to be a punishment from God for having John executed, and wonders how long it will be before his own death.'] ["A group of transported convicts, suffering brutal treatment at the Sarah Island penal settlement on Van Diemens Land, escape into the Tasmanian wilderness in hopes of reaching the settlements to the east.Fantastic Fest Review: Van Diemen's Land - Film School Rejects Their enthusiasm and bravado soon give way to hunger, which saps their strength and causes them to despair.{{cite news | urlVan Diemen's Land | firstByrnes | publisher28 September 2009 | accessdatehttp://www.thevine.com.au/entertainment/reviews/van-diemen%27s-land-_-review.aspx | titleAnthony | last22 September 2009 | publisherConvicts Characters Retrieved 1 November 2010. * Alexander Pearce - Aged 32, Irish, thief * Robert Greenhill - 32, English, sailor * Matthew Travers - 27, Irish, farmer * Alexander Dalton - 25, Irish, ex-soldier * John Mather - 24, Scottish, bread baker * Thomas Bodenham - 22, English, thief * William Kennerly - 44, Irish, thief * Edward 'Little' Brown - 48, English, profession unknown"] ['Two girls escape from an open borstal. Annetta  wants to visit her baby daughter who is being raised in a convent. Carol  plans to be recaptured and sent to the closed borstal where her girlfriend Doreen is being held. Carol\'s plan works, but she is devastated to find that Doreen has a new girlfriend. Doreen and the girlfriend taunt Carol. Annetta is arrested at the convent and sent to the same closed borstal. She assumes Carol "grassed" her up and proceeds to plan her revenge. Inmate Eddie professes her love for Carol and offers protection, so Carol begins a relationship with her. Annetta\'s constant bullying attempts keep her in solitary confinement. When Eddie is released Carol loses her protection and Annetta plans another attack. Written by Roy Minton.'] ['Nan Taylor  is accused of helping her friends rob a bank. Reform-minded David Slade  falls in love with her and gets her released. However, when she confesses that she is guilty, he has her imprisoned. Inside, she meets fellow inmates Linda , "Sister Susie"  and Aunt Maggie , and prison matron Noonan . Unlike most films of the women in prison genre, her fellow inmates are criminals, rather than innocents in prison by mistake.Taylor gets involved in a prison escape, has a year added to her sentence, and goes gunning for revenge when she is released.'] ['Dangerfield plays Jake Puloski, a comedic and friendly prison warden who runs a privately owned prison for white-collar criminals and less serious offenders. The trouble starts when Puloski\'s plans for renovating his rundown prison are ruined by his superior, Eli Rockwood , a greedy businessman who inherited the prison from his deceased parents, who rejects his budget request. Rockwood also informs Puloski that his contract as prison warden will not be renewed, which means that Puloski will be forced to retire in two months. This comes at the same time that Rockwood is in the midst of selling his company to the very wealthy Gloria Beaumont . Without the funds for a proper remodeling, Puloski decides to approach the problem by allowing a group of prisoners, Mile-Away , Next-Week, Jerk-Off , and Ears , to leave the prison to burgle a sporting goods store owned by Rockwood (on the condition that they are "back by midnight" before the guard Smitty . The plan meets many surprises however, complicating Jake\'s plan, including excitable store clerk Lance  and a sadistic security guard  with his vicious guard dog named Princess. As Jake distracts Smitty, the four bungling prisoners break into the store, distract the store\'s guard dog Princess with the prison\'s guard dog whom they had fed viagra to earlier that night, and make off with their stolen gym equipment, but on the way back to the prison one of their truck tires goes flat. As Ears and Jerk-Off look for a tire jack in a farm house, Next-Week and Mile-Away try to fast-talk their way past Sheriff Jack Hubbard , who it turns out is an old school chum of Mile-Away. Jerk-Off finds love with the farmer\'s sheep, alerting farmer Baxter , who comes out with a shotgun, sending Jerk-Off and Ears running away with no tire jack. As Sheriff Jack Hubbard and Mile-Away reminisce, Next-Week changes the truck tire with the tire jack Sheriff Hubbard loaned them. After picking up Ears and Jerk-Off from the side of the road, the four convicts head back to the prison. The next morning, the store security guard discovers that all the store\'s exercise equipment has been stolen, and his beloved dog Princess was "a slut". Sheriff Hubbard inspects the crime scene, promising Rockwood that he will catch the culprits. The security guard informs them that one of the security cameras was still operational and they may have footage of the culprits; however when they view it they find it has only footage of the two guard dogs. At the prison, the convicts are ecstatic with their new equipment and Jake feels very proud of himself. His team of burglars tells Jake that they think they should get the other items the prison needs by robbing the other fifteen stores owned by Rockwood in the area, justifying it because Rockwood had been fiddling with their budget in the first place. Jake agrees to the plan since he has only two months left of his contract anyway. As Jake distracts Smitty at the strip clubs, Ears, Jerk-Off, Mile-Away, and Next-Week rob Rockwood\'s other stores of their cash to pay for the renovations to the prison. Rockwood meets with Mrs. Beaumont to discuss their merger, while Mrs. Beaumont\'s pet monkey makes quick work of destroying Rockwood\'s office. Jake throws a Valentine\'s dance at the prison, inviting the wives and girlfriends of the convicts, where Next-Week introduces his girlfriend  and her friend Veronica  to his cousin Carlos . Veronica figures out that the convicts stole money from Rockwood to afford all the changes to the prison and Carlos has to kiss her to keep her quiet. Inside the dance, a riot breaks out due to another inmate stealing Jerk-Off\'s inflatable date, resulting in a scuffle , and a fistfight between the inmates. At the police station, Sheriff Hubbard discovers that a shoe left by Jerk-Off at the farm belongs to a prisoner uniform at Rockwood\'s prison. He goes to investigate, visiting Mile-Away and after a scene of interrogation Sheriff Hubbard leaves. Mile-Away warns Jake and Jake tells him to spread the word that there will be no more burglary jobs. Rockwood, however, has other plans. Along with Sheriff Hubbard, he creates a trap for the burglars in the form of a big weekend sale. The convicts read about the sale and decide to pull one last job to have some cash for themselves once they re-enter society. But Carlos demands to be a part of the job because he had to kiss Veronica to keep her quiet about the jobs, leaving Jerk-Off out of the job. At the store, Ears drills into the safe but Next-Week mistakenly leaves his cousin Carlos to roam. Carlos breaks into jewelry cases trying to take them but trips the alarm. Upon opening the safe, they find the safe is empty, then run outside and are caught by Sheriff Hubbard and the rest of the police department. Mile-Away escapes in the van to warn Jake. Mile-Away admits that they pulled one last job and Jake admits that Rockwood was firing him. Jerk-Off and Mile-Away enter the sheriff\'s department disguised as guards and manage to free Ears, Carlos, and Next-Week, escaping in the prison van, and entering a high-speed chase with Mile-Away riding with Sheriff Hubbard chasing the other burglars. Jake shows up at Rockwood\'s house trying to confess to the masterminding the burglaries but Sheriff Hubbard calls Rockwood from the road, hot on the burglars\' trail. Rockwood decides to chase down the burglars himself. Rockwood grabs a gun and has Jake ride with him, who are joined by Mrs. Beaumont, who has an odd attraction to criminals and high speed chases. The chase ends at the prison where Ears, Jerk-Off, Next-Week, and Carlos zoom through the gate pretending to be prison laundry returning. Rockwood follows them in and notices the changes to the prison and realizes Jake masterminded the robberies. Rockwood says he will turn Jake in until Mrs. Beaumont comes into the prison and tells Rockwood how much she loves how well he treats the prisoners. Mrs. Beaumont says after seeing how he runs his prisons she definitely wants to merge her company with his and have Jake oversee all the prisons. Jake agrees and tells his gang that they need to stop the robberies permanently. A year later Jake narrates, saying he retired and finally took the fishing trip he and Smitty had always talked about. Carlos and Next-Week were released first and were greeted by their women Veronica and Next-Week\'s girlfriend. Ears was released and led a decent life until he cheated on a game show using his super hearing and won a million dollars. Jerk-Off was married to his inflatable girlfriend and started a family; they had an inflatable baby boy. Mile-Away became Sheriff Hubbard\'s deputy and became a great crime fighting duo "when they weren\'t chasing criminals they were chasing each other."'] ['Treasure Lee  learns that her biological mother Brownie  is incarcerated in an adult prison, so she purposely gets into trouble in order to be transferred from a juvenile facility to an adult women\'s facility in order to meet her. In the new prison, she reunites with an old friend Shadow . She meets new inmates, such as Leisha , an aspiring rapper, and Doodle , a religious, homophobic woman who is involved with a male correctional officer. When Treasure asks about Brownie, Leisha responds, "I\'m about getting up out of here. I ain\'t about no Brownie." Later, Shadow points Brownie out to her on the basketball court. Brownie knocks a player down, injuring her, and demands that another person take her place. Treasure volunteers for the position. Back in the cells, Treasure approaches Brownie around her "prison family." She pulls out a photo of a woman and says to Brownie that she is her mother and her reason for being in prison. Brownie\'s "daughters" protest that the photograph is not of Brownie. Brownie asks the daughters to leave and yells at Treasure, stating it is her own fault she is in jail. Treasure is playing cards with Leisha and Shadow when she begins flirting with an inmate named Sugar . Kit , Brownie\'s main daughter, chides the woman for not meeting her in the chapel for their usual sexual relations. A fight breaks out between Treasure and Kit that results in both being placed in solitary confinement. While confined, Brownie speaks through a wall telling Treasure that they should meet once she is released. Once back in the general population, Brownie meets with Treasure alone and states that she did not know about her because she was taken away at birth. She admits, "I failed you." Treasure cries on her shoulder. As Treasure becomes a part of Brownie\'s prison family, Kit informs her that Brownie taught her how to survive in prison and demands that she sells drugs. Later, Brownie shoves a fork into Kit\'s thigh when Kit fails to bring in a certain amount of money from selling drugs. Meanwhile, Leisha is released from prison and Shadow admits that she wished she had never told Treasure about Brownie. Brownie tattoos the same ankh she has on Treasure\'s arm. Treasure suggested that she should be reassigned cells to be closer to the family and Brownie does nothing to make that happen. However, when Brownie eats food made by Treasure\'s new Asian cellmate , she proposes that the new inmate should live near her. Brownie mocks Kit when she sees Kit reading Nazi literature. Kit responds, "I am not jealous of you and Treasure because I know Brownie just cares about Brownie." Brownie then kicks her out of the prison family. In a later scene, a ranting Brownie grabs Treasure and comes close to maiming her with broken glass. Brownie approaches Treasure in the kitchen area where Treasure shows her obvious irritation with Brownie. Brownie tries to persuade Treasure that she needs to kill Kit, who now associates with a female neo-Nazi gang. On the basketball court, Brownie slides a shank to Treasure. Treasure demands to play one-on-one basketball with Kit. Instead of playing, they immediately begin fighting. Treasure beats Kit badly but does not use the shank on her. Brownie pulls her to the side and demands that she kill Kit. As the two women leave their huddle, Kit approaches Brownie and puts a shank deep in her neck. All the inmates fall to the ground as correctional officers run out onto the court. In a medical waiting area, Treasure sees Leisha, who is now in a wheelchair. Leisha, in a drowsy voice, states that the police caught her with drug paraphernalia again. When a medical worker calls Treasure\'s name, she dismisses her for not having matching blood. Treasure grabs the woman by the arm and demands to donate blood. A female correctional officer approaches the two and demands to read the file. The file reveals that Brownie is not Treasure\'s mother, but instead the woman who killed Treasure\'s mother. The warden  has a meeting with Treasure in her office, and says that she sympathizes with her. She offers to transfer Treasure if she will admit that Brownie and a male correctional officer have been working together to bring drugs to inmates.'] ["Linda Blair (fresh off her success with [[The Exorcist  stars as a 14-year-old runaway who, after getting arrested one too many times, is sentenced to do time in a girls juvenile detention center, which doubles as a reform school for the girls. Blair's character, Christine Parker, comes from an abusive home. Her father  beat her on a regular basis, which caused Chris to run away many times. Her mother  is just as troubled as Chris is; unfeeling, sitting in her recliner, watching television and smoking cigarettes all day, and in denial to what her husband is doing. While the movie had a morality play tone, calling attention to the harsh conditions of juvenile detention centers, it also blamed society for Christine's downfall. All through the movie, Chris' social worker never realizes that her parents caused her to run away and the juvenile justice system focused all the blame and punishment on Christine for her bad behavior. With the exception of one dedicated counselor , the reform school personnel were mostly apathetic and allowed an unhealthy, destructive culture to fester in the school. By the very end of the movie, despite the counselor's best efforts to help Christine talk about her problems, she watched helplessly as an innocent, decent girl is transformed into a violent, pathological, manipulaive and cold person with no longer having any guilt or remorse for her actions."] 