['Frank Ross  is a crusading reporter for a big city newspaper who is on the trail of a crooked assistant D.A., Jesse Hanley who is running for Governor. At the Banton Construction Co., Ross sees Hanley and his men burning books and ledgers before a possible investigation brought about by the paper that Ross works for. His editor Patterson backs Ross in getting Hanley but Hanley decides to get rid of him, so frames him. Knocked out and covered in whiskey, he is put in a runaway car which collides with another, killing 3 young people and is thrown in prison for one to twenty years on a charge of automotive manslaughter. He meets a gangster, Stacey , who, as there is no death penalty in that state, is in for 199 years. They work in the twine-making room together and Stacey falls into Ross\'s debt when Ross saves him from a knife thrown by another inmate. Ross\'s reporter friends outside are trying to help him win vindication, by finding the real culprits, but they are having no success. Stacey agrees to help Ross find the real killers, if he helps him escape from a courthouse. They arrange that Stacey be named by Ross as guilty for killing of Limpy, another inmate and hated stool pigeon. Ross goes along with the plot, but antagonizes Stacey by tipping off his old newspaper so the court room is full of reporters which jeopardises his escape. He escapes by leaping from a window onto a truck with a soft landing but makes no effort to find the real culprits who were responsible for Ross\'s predicament. Ross, meanwhile, is implicated in the escape and after being beaten up by brutal guards, spends five months in "the hole". This is a cell where prisoners in solitary confinement are handcuffed to the bars, standing up and are fed bread and water. Ross who has become a bad character is promised a chance at parole by the warden if he behaves but unknown to him, Hanley\'s stooge, Grayce has been appointed head of the Parole Board and turns Ross down, meaning he must wait another five years before he can try again for parole. Stacey is convinced by Ross\'s reporter girlfriend, Joyce  to carry out his promise. He finds the man who "fingered" Ross and gets from him the name of the man who framed him: "Polecat", who just happens to be a jailhouse informant widely disliked in the same prison. Stacey, impressed with Ross being a "square guy," decides to go back to prison to find the informant and free Ross. Stacey and Ross are caught up in a jailhouse riot using revolvers which have been smuggled in. A vicious prison guard is killed and the warden and some of his men are captured, as hostages. But the National Guard have been sent for and attack the escaping prisoners with machine guns, gas and hand grenades. Stacey gets hold of Polecat and has him confess to framing Ross, where the warden and his men can hear and Ross is vindicated. Most of the escaping convicts die including the badly wounded Stacey who takes Polecat with him and deliberately gets them both killed, so that Polecat cannot go back on his confession. As Ross leaves prison with his girlfriend, Governor Hanley is arrested for murder.'] ['{{Plot}} former professional weightlifter, and Connie Shokner , a fearsome serial killer and martial arts expert. With the help of the clever Caretaker ([[James Hampton , veteran former professional player Nate Scarborough , "Granny" Granville , long-term prisoner Pop ([[John Steadman  — who remains in prison far past his original sentence for having struck Warden Hazen when the warden was just a rookie guard — and the warden\'s amorous secretary, Miss Toot , Crewe molds the prisoners into a smoothly working football team named the "Mean Machine". Before the game, an arsonist named Unger , schemes to kill Crewe by setting off an incendiary device in his cell. Caretaker is killed in the blaze in Crewe\'s cell after he goes there to retrieve X-rays for Crewe, who is sitting in Caretaker\'s cell with Nate. As the game starts, the "Mean Machine" does well, and at halftime the game is close, with the guards leading, 15-13. Cornering Crewe in the locker room, Hazen berates him for trying to win the game and tells Crewe that he has Unger in custody and that he is willing to testify that Crewe was an accessory to Caretaker\'s murder unless Crewe loses the game to the guards by at least 21 points. Crewe reluctantly and angrily agrees, but obtains a promise from Hazen that if he cooperates, the other prisoners will not be harmed. However, Hazen tells Captain Knauer to order his players to "inflict as much physical punishment on the prisoners as humanly possible" as soon as they are ahead by 21 points. Crewe quickly makes several deliberate mistakes putting the "Mean Machine" down by more than three touchdowns, 35-13, then takes himself out of the game. With the prisoners demoralized, the guards then take out their anger on the prisoners, causing several injuries. At this point, a depressed Crewe asks Pop if it had been worth it — trading the opportunity to punch the warden in exchange for a life sentence he didn\'t deserve. Pop states that, for himself at least, it was, and Crewe goes back into the game with a renewed sense of purpose. At first, the prisoners are angry with Crewe and provide him with no protection or co-operation, but he convinces them of his change of mind, and with the help of two quick touchdowns followed by a drop kick field goal, gets the "Mean Machine" back into the game, trailing by only five points, 35-30. Nate, despite his bad knee, goes into the game to score one of the touchdowns, and, after doing so, is immediately cut down at the knees by guard Bogdanski , crippling him. However, by this time the prisoners have rallied and their spirit cannot be broken as they have turned the tables on the guards in terms of the violence, including a clothesline from Samson that apparently breaks a guard\'s neck, while Crewe deliberately and repeatedly throws the ball as hard as possible at Bogdanski\'s genitals. Driving downfield for the game-winning score, a running play up the middle is stuffed and Crewe calls the team\'s final timeout with seven seconds remaining in the game and the prisoners with the ball on the guards\' one-yard line - the "longest yard" of the title. Crewe walks off the field to the sideline and his teammates begin to follow. Crewe gathers them together for a last moment of reflection and steeling of their resolve. In a long slow-motion sequence, Crewe takes the final snap, dodges several defenders in the backfield and hurdles yet others into the end zone. Scoring the winning touchdown with no time left, the "Mean Machine" wins, 36-35. As the prisoners and the crowd celebrate, Warden Hazen is furious. Crewe walks across the field in what appears to be an attempt to mingle with the crowd and escape. Hazen sees this and orders Knauer to shoot Crewe by yelling "Shoot him! Kill him!". A very tense few moments ensue as Knauer trains his rifle on Crewe and repeately yells, "Crewe! Crewe!" as Crewe continues to walk away. A moment before possibly being shot, Crewe bends over and picks up the game ball and begins to walk back towards Hazen. Realizing that he was ordered to shoot a man who was simply retrieving a ball, Knauer disgustedly looks at the warden and says, "Game ball". Crewe then arrives back to Hazen, hands him the game ball and tells him to "Stick this in your trophy case."'] ['{{Multiple issues}} Writer Skip Donahue  and actor Harry Monroe  are fired from their jobs in New York, and leave for Hollywood. Along the way, they take odd jobs to make ends meet. In one such job, Skip and Harry dress up as two woodpeckers, performing a song and dance routine as part of a promotion for a bank. Harry and Skip remove their costumes to take a break, and two men who have been watching steal the costumes and perform the routine as though they were Harry and Skip. The men then use the costumes to rob the bank, and in the confusion Harry and Skip are immediately arrested, whisked through a speedy trial and handed 125-year jail sentences. Their court-appointed lawyer, Len Garber , advises them to wait until he can appeal their case. Life in a maximum-security prison proves difficult for both Skip and Harry. After a failed attempt at faking insanity, they make friends with Jesus Ramirez , a real bank robber, and Rory Schultebrand , a gay man who killed his stepfather. Rory takes an immediate fancy to Harry, much to Harry\'s chagrin. Having been there a while, Jesus and Rory inform Skip and Harry of the numerous goings-on in the prison, as well as the other members and who to watch out for, such as Jack Graham , who runs the cell block, and is in charge of the contraband that comes in; and ax murderer Blade , who runs the "third-world" side of the cell block. The most feared inmate, however, is Grossberger , a convicted mass murderer of incredible size and strength who refuses to speak and is feared by the inmates and guards alike. Seeing something "kind" in Grossberger, the naive Skip attempts to talk with him, unsuccessfully. After being in prison for three months, Skip and Harry are brought to see Warden Walter Beatty  and Deputy Warden Wilson , the head guard. They wish to run a "test" with Harry and Skip on a mechanical bull in the warden\'s office. To everyone\'s surprise, Skip rides the bull at full power, so Beatty selects him to compete in the prison\'s annual rodeo competition. Out in the yard, Jesus and Rory inform Harry and Skip of the truth behind the rodeo: it\'s really a crooked operation run by Beatty and Warden Henry Sampson , who heads the neighboring prison. The money from the rodeo, which is supposed to go to the prisoners, really ends up in the wardens\' pockets. Knowing that Skip will be selected as the prison\'s new "champion", Jesus and Rory hatch a plan for escape. In order for it to work, Skip must refuse to participate in the rodeo: the longer he holds out, the better chance he has at "striking a deal" with the warden. After Skip refuses to participate, the angry warden orders Deputy Wilson to "straighten him out", which Wilson is only too happy to do. Prison life soon becomes more difficult than ever for Harry and Skip as Wilson and the guards attempt to break them down. First they are put on hard labor detail and deprived of both water and sleep. When this fails, the guards lock Skip up, overnight, hanging by his wrists and ankles. Skip awakens the next morning to discover that his bad back is cured. Wilson then puts Skip in solitary confinement; Skip asks for an extra day. Being returned to his cell, Skip discovers that he and Harry have a new cell mate: Grossberger, whom they quickly befriend. Harry and Skip are visited by Garber, along with his cousin Meredith , who is fighting to prove their innocence. Skip takes an immediate liking to Meredith, who informs him she never gets personally involved with clients. Meanwhile, Warden Beatty is furious at Wilson for not breaking Harry and Skip yet, and decides to handle things himself. Soon afterward, Harry is sent to the prison\'s hospital ward for appendicitis. A prisoner in the neighboring bed  tells Harry of the horrors of the ward: he himself was admitted for a hernia operation, and the doctor castrated him in the process. As soon as Harry sees the doctor , he runs screaming from the ward. Skip meets with Warden Beatty to make a deal. In exchange for Skip\'s participation in the rodeo, Skip requests his own crew , along with a much bigger jail cell, all according to the plan. Warden Beatty agrees, telling Deputy Wilson to have an inmate guard watch them at all times. Willson assigns Graham and Blade to the task, who anxiously voice their resentment: Graham, who resents being "pushed aside" for Skip, and Blade, who regard the group as "brown-noses". Wilson tells Graham of his own agenda: Skip will not leave the rodeo alive. Training Skip and Harry for the rodeo, Graham ensures that their lives - especially Harry\'s - are made difficult. While practicing for the rodeo, Skip, Harry, Jesus, Rory and Grossberger acquire the numerous tools they require for their escape, using the prison\'s metal shop to transform them into seemingly everyday items. In their new large jail cell, the quintet have numerous comforts: books, a television, a radio, and a guitar, among other things. While relaxing in their cell, Grossberger breaks his silence when he sings "Birmingham Jail" during an awkward moment. Meredith has gotten a job as a waitress in a country western strip club, so she may search for possible suspects. When she meets the real crooks - recognized by a tattoo on one of their hands that a witness  saw on one of them - Meredith calls Len Garber, and the police. The rodeo begins, and Skip, Harry, Jesus, Rory and Grossberger all perform their tasks flawlessly, arousing no suspicions, in spite of Wilson and Graham\'s attempt to kill Skip: Graham spikes a horse Skip is riding, but Skip manages to stay on the horse and dismount, unhurt. Graham then puts a lock on the gate, trapping Skip inside with an out-of control bull, but Grossberger breaks the lock off, allowing Skip out through the chute with the bull. During every major event when everyone is distracted, one of them slips out through a secret opening, taking them through air vents to either a restroom, where Jesus\' wife Teresa  waits to provide them disguises, or through a vent to a hollow pushcart, manned by Jesus\' brother Ramon . Once through, they put on their disguises and re-enter the grounds as customers. Skip is set to compete against reigning champion Caesar Geronimo  to swipe the prize: a bag of money  from the horns of a large, Brahman bull. Skip asks Caesar if he\'s tired of being his warden\'s stooge, suggesting that they give the money to the prisoners, even offering to help Caesar win if he chooses to do so. Both contestants play hard, but Caesar is the winner, grabbing the bag. Inspired by Skip\'s words, Caesar throws the bag over the fence to the inmates, much to the shock and outrage of wardens Beatty and Sampson. Skip prepares his own escape through the secret opening, but Graham shows up, suspicious. Grossberger knocks Graham out and Skip makes his escape into the waiting pushcart. He\'s herded off into the waiting camper, and the group drives off. Arriving at a secret meeting spot, Jesus and Rory quickly make introductions, then bid Harry and Skip farewell as they all pile into a waiting car, heading off to Mexico. Harry and Skip hop in the other waiting car, only to be stopped by another car containing Len Garber and Meredith. She tells Harry and Skip that, thanks to her work, the police have captured the real crooks, who have confessed to the bank robbery that wrongly convicted them. Harry and Skip, ecstatic, decide to resume their original plans of heading to Hollywood. Skip asks Meredith to go with him, and Meredith, on a whim, says yes.'] ['Martel Gordone had been wandering aimlessly through the desert when he is finally picked up by an African-American woman driving a van dubbed the “Shaggin’ Wagon”. The woman, Linda, that picks him up is actually a prostitute on her way to some clients. On the way to the diner where the two parties are to meet Linda and Gordone  spark a few interests between each other, but Linda decides to wait until after she has finished with her clients, “You know, honey, it’s got to be business before pleasure, and I’m sure you’re a real pleasure.”Kennedy, Isaac, Dir. Penitentiary. Dir. Jamaa Fanaka." Perf. Isaac , Kennedy, and Pollard, Thommy. 1979, Film. They reach the diner and Linda meets with her clients, but when Gordone doesn’t like how she is being treated, he decides to confront the two for their unruly behavior. The confrontation does not bode well for Gordone, for after a little tousling he is knocked out and falls to the ground. He wakes up to find that he has been charged for the murder of one of the bikers whom he had confronted earlier.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0079709/ Gordone is sent to jail and becomes cellmates with a man that goes by the name of "Half Dead." While in his cell, Gordone has to defend himself from constant advances from his cellmate and after a couple more advances Gordone decides to defend himself from the brute. The two battle it out in the cell until the walls are covered with sweat and blood and Gordone rises triumphantly. The wailing and begging of the prisoner who Gordone beats up attracts a lot of attention, and as it just so happens there is an illegal boxing tournament that goes on within the prison led by Lieutenant Arnsworth. The winner of the tournament is allowed to leave the prison on early parole because Lieutenant Arnsworth can pull a few strings on the parole board, and Gordone feels as though he would be able to win it. The only thing that stands in his way is a man by the name of Jesse "The Bull" Amos, who is in charge of everything within the prison and is the leader of the prisons’ strongest gang.'] ['Frank Leone , a skilled mechanic and footballer, is a model prisoner nearing the end of his sentence in a low-security prison. One night while sleeping in his cell, guards arrive and forcibly take Leone to maximum security Gateway Prison. Warden Drumgoole  claims that Leone will serve hard time—it is revealed that Leone was the only person to escape from Treadmore and did so on Drumgoole\'s watch. Leone escaped because his mentor and friend was dying; Leone was refused even one hour to see him. Leone went to the press about the warden\'s treatment of his prisoners, resulting in Drumgoole\'s transfer to Gateway and Leone serving in minimum security before his transfer. Leone befriends fellow prisoners Dallas , Eclipse  and First-Base . The foursome refurbish a Ford Mustang, which Eclipse nicknames "Maybelline." After Leone reluctantly allows First-Base to start the car he refuses to turn it off and drives the Mustang out of the garage, Drumgoole has them watch as Chink and other inmates destroy the car. As punishment, Leone is confined to solitary confinement in a small, roach-infested chamber for six weeks. After weeks in the hole, Leone is getting beaten by prison guards when Captain Meissner  stops them. Meissner learns that the warden ordered the beating. Leone gets intimidated by prisoner Chink Weber , who shows off his belt buckle . Chink steals Leone\'s food in the mess hall and taunts him. Drumgoole apparently has ordered that letters addressed to Leone from his girlfriend Melissa , be stashed away, but Braden , the prison\'s sole conscientious guard, gives them to Leone. The warden wants an excuse to slap Leone with more time, so he allows Chink and his bullying friends to kill First-Base in the gym. Leone fights and defeats Chink, but doesn\'t kill him because he knows that\'s precisely what Drumgoole wants. Then one of Chink\'s friends stabs Leone from behind with a shank. Leone recovers in the prison infirmary where Wiley  claims to be an old friend from Treadmore. He says that Drumgoole actually has agreed to reduce Wiley\'s jail time if he will rape and murder Melissa. Leone goes berserk. Dallas offers to help Leone escape and plays along but eventually delivers Leone right into Drumgoole\'s hands. Drumgoole says he does not make deals with prisoners; Dallas will rejoin the prison population, who now know he is a "stool pigeon." Dallas attacks Drumgoole, whose guards pummel and almost kill the snitch. The warden leaves his men to subdue Leone, who is enraged when he finds out that Drumgoole wanted him to try to escape so he would receive a mandatory 10-year sentence for the second escape attempt. Wiley shows up as one of Drumgoole\'s guards. The guards attempt to shove Leone\'s face into a cloud of hot steam, but Leone pulls one of the guards into the steam instead. He knocks out Wiley and fights Manly , defeating him. He then goes to help Dallas, who is dying, but apologetic. Leone is then attacked from behind by Manly, but Dallas electrocutes himself and Manly with a high-voltage cable. Enraged, Leone steals into Drumgoole\'s office and takes him to the room with the electric chair. Leone activates the generator and secures his hand to the switch. Captain Meissner, Braden and their men point their guns at Leone, but if he is shot he will trip the switch and kill Drumgoole. The warden confesses to his plot to increase Leone\'s jail time. Frank pulls the switch, but nothing happens because Leone removed the main fuse. Meissner\'s men cuff Frank, whom the warden orders taken to the hole. Meissner and Braden take Drumgoole into custody, though the warden insists that he merely played along with Leone. Meissner makes a judicial inquiry into the matter, and Leone serves only the jail time required of him in the first place. Frank leaves prison to the cheers of his fellow inmates. He meets up with Eclipse one last time, and receives a Cuban cigar which supposedly was given to Eclipse by Fidel Castro. Leone parts ways with Meissner, saying that he will miss the tough captain\'s "incredible smile." Frank exits Gateway and embraces the waiting Melissa.'] ['In 1947, banker Andy Dufresne  is convicted of murdering his wife and her lover, based on circumstantial evidence, and is sentenced to two consecutive life sentences at Shawshank State Penitentiary. Andy quickly befriends contraband smuggler Ellis "Red" Redding , an inmate serving a life sentence. Red procures a rock hammer for Andy, allowing him to create small stone chess pieces. Red later gets him a large poster of Rita Hayworth, followed in later years by images of Marilyn Monroe and Raquel Welch. Andy works in the prison laundry, but is regularly assaulted by the "bull queer" gang "the Sisters" and their leader Bogs . In 1949, Andy overhears the brutal chief guard Byron Hadley  complaining about taxes on a forthcoming inheritance, and informs him about a financial loophole. After another vicious assault by the Sisters nearly kills Andy, Bogs is beaten and crippled by Hadley. Bogs is sent to another prison and Andy is not attacked again. Warden Samuel Norton  meets with Andy and reassigns him to the prison library, to assist elderly inmate Brooks Hatlen ; a pretext for Andy to manage financial duties for the prison. His advice and expertise are soon sought by other guards at Shawshank and from nearby prisons. Andy begins writing weekly letters to the state government for funds to improve the decrepit library. In 1954, Brooks is freed on parole, but unable to adjust to the outside world after 50 years in prison, he hangs himself. Andy receives a library donation that includes a recording of The Marriage of Figaro. He plays an excerpt over the public address system, resulting in him receiving solitary confinement. After his release, Andy explains that he holds onto hope as something that the prison cannot take from him, but Red dismisses the idea. In 1963, Norton begins exploiting prison labor for public works, profiting by undercutting skilled labor costs and receiving kickbacks. He has Andy launder the money using the alias "Randall Stephens". In 1965, Tommy Williams  is incarcerated for robbery. He joins Andy and Red\'s circle of friends, and Andy helps him to pass his General Educational Development examinations. In 1966, after hearing the details of Andy\'s case, Tommy reveals that an inmate at another prison claimed responsibility for an identical murder, suggesting Andy\'s innocence. Andy approaches Norton with this information, but the warden refuses to listen. Norton places Andy in solitary confinement and has Tommy murdered by Hadley under the guise of an escape attempt. Andy refuses to continue with the scam, but Norton threatens to destroy the library and take away his protection and preferential treatment. After Andy is released from solitary he tells Red of his dream of living in Zihuatanejo, a Mexican Pacific coastal town. While Red shrugs it off as unrealistic, Andy instructs him, should he ever be freed, to visit a specific hayfield near Buxton to retrieve a package. The next day at roll call, Andy\'s cell is empty. Enraged, Norton throws one of Andy\'s rocks at the poster of Raquel Welch hanging on the wall. The rock tears through the poster, revealing a tunnel that Andy had dug with his rock hammer over the previous two decades. The previous night, Andy escaped through the tunnel and the prison\'s sewage pipe with Norton\'s ledger, containing details of the money laundering. While guards search for him the following morning, Andy, posing as Randall Stephens, visits several banks to withdraw the laundered money. Finally, he sends the ledger and evidence of the corruption and murders at Shawshank to a local newspaper. The police arrive at Shawshank and take Hadley into custody, but Norton commits suicide to avoid arrest. After serving 40 years Red receives parole. He struggles to adapt to life outside prison and fears he never will. Remembering his promise to Andy, he visits Buxton and finds a cache containing money and a letter, asking him to come to Zihuatanejo. Red violates his parole and travels to Fort Hancock, Texas to cross the border to Mexico, admitting he finally feels hope. On a beach in Zihuatanejo, he finds Andy, and the two friends are happily reunited.'] ["The film tells of two very different men who share a Brazilian prison cell: Valentin Arregui , who is imprisoned  due to his activities on behalf of a leftist revolutionary group, and Luis Molina  a homosexual in prison for having sex with an underage boy. Molina passes the time by recounting memories from one of his favorite films, a wartime romantic thriller that's also a Nazi propaganda film. He weaves the characters into a narrative meant to comfort Arregui and distract him from the harsh realities of political imprisonment and the separation from the woman he cares about. Arregui allows Molina to penetrate some of his defensive self and opens up. Despite Arregui occasionally snapping at Molina over his rather shallow views of political cinema, an unlikely friendship develops between the two. As the story develops, it becomes clear that Arregui is being poisoned by his jailers to provide Molina with a chance to befriend him, and that Molina is spying on Arregui on behalf of the Brazilian secret police. Molina has namely been promised a parole if he succeeds in obtaining information that will allow the secret police to find the revolutionary group's members. However, Molina falls in love with Arregui, and Arregui responds after a fashion, culminating in a physical consummation of their love on Molina's last night in prison. Molina is granted parole in the hopes Arregui will reveal information about his contacts when he knows Molina will be out of prison. Arregui provides Molina with a telephone number and message for his comrades. Molina at first refuses to take the number, fearing the consequences of treason, but he relents, and he and Arregui bid farewell with a kiss. In the final scenes Molina calls the telephone number, and a meeting is arranged with the revolutionary group. But the secret police have had Molina under surveillance, and a gun battle ensues, with the revolutionaries, assuming Molina has betrayed them, shooting him. As he wanders the streets wounded, the policemen catch up with him and demand that he disclose the telephone number in exchange for them taking him to the hospital for treatment, but Molina refuses and succumbs to his wounds. On the orders of the homophobic police chief , the policemen dump Molina's body in a rubbish pit and fabricate a story about his death and involvement with the revolutionary group. Meanwhile, back in the prison Arregui is being treated after being tortured once again. As the doctor administers him morphine to help him sleep, risking his job in the process, Arregui escapes into a dream where he is on a tropical island with the woman he loves. Although not made explicit, it is implied that he dies from his wounds."] ['A mysterious man  arrives at a prison as an inmate and witnesses rampant abuse and corruption, including open and endemic sexual assault, torture, worm-ridden diseased food, insurance fraud and a doctor charging inmates for care, amongst other things. During a dramatic standoff, he reveals himself to be the new prison warden, Henry Brubaker, to the amazement of both prisoners and officials alike. With ideals and vision, he attempts to reform the prison, with an eye towards prisoner rehabilitation and human rights. He recruits several long-time prisoners, including Larry Lee Bullen  and Richard "Dickie" Coombes , to assist him with the reform. Their efforts improve the prison conditions, but his stance inflames several corrupt officials on the prison board who have profited from graft for decades. When he discovers multiple unmarked graves of prisoners on the property, he attempts to unravel the mystery, leading to political scandal. When a trustee realizes that he might be held accountable for killing another inmate, he decides to make a run for it, the resulting gunfight proves to be the final ammunition that the prison board  needs to fire Brubaker. A statement before the credits explains that two years after Brubaker was fired, twenty four inmates sued the prison. The court ruled that the treatment of the prisoners was unconstitutional and the prison system was ultimately reformed. Meanwhile, the governor was not reelected. The movie is based on the real-life experiences of Thomas Murton, author of the novel upon which the movie is based and one-time warden in the Arkansas state prison system. Much of the squalid conditions, violence and corruption depicted in the film was the subject of a 1970 federal court case, Holt v. Sarver, in which the federal court ruled that Arkansas\' prison system violated inmates\' constitutional rights, and ordered reform.  Filmed at The Junction City Prison Farm in Junction City, Ohio, Bremen, Ohio, New Lexington, Ohio, and at the Fairfield County Fairgrounds in Lancaster, Ohio.'] ['Lucas Jackson  is arrested for cutting the heads off a small town\'s parking meters one drunken night in the early 1960s. He is sentenced to two years in prison and sent to a Florida prison camp, run by the heartless Captain . Luke is revealed to be a decorated Korean War veteran. The screen play and the scene\'s direction begins the introduction and exposition of the uniqueness of his character to this setting, by the reaction to the reading of the record of inmate Lucas Jackson. He was a decorated Korean War hero who was promoted up from the ranks to Sergeant, but who left the service just as he had entered, a “buck” Private. Luke further introduces his character by his “off-hand” explanation of the bravery, promotions and demotions as, “I guess I was just passing time, Captain.” Luke fails to observe the established pecking order among the prisoners and quickly runs afoul of the prisoners\' de facto leader Dragline . The pair spar, with the prisoners and guards watching. Although Luke is severely outmatched by the larger Dragline, he repeatedly refuses to stay down and eventually Dragline refuses to fight further. Luke suffers a beating but wins the respect of Dragline and the rest of the prison population. Later, Luke wins a poker game on a bluff with a worthless hand. Luke comments that "sometimes nothing can be a real cool hand," and Dragline promptly bestows on him the nickname "Cool Hand Luke." After a visit from his mother and nephew , he becomes more optimistic about his situation. Despite the brutal conditions within the camp, including hard physical labor and extended time in "the box" , Luke demonstrates an unquenchable spirit and the other prisoners begin to idolize him, particularly after he wins a spur-of-the moment bet that he can eat fifty hard-boiled eggs in one hour. Luke continually circumvents the authority of the Captain and the prison-guard "Bosses" led by Boss Godfrey  and his sense of humor and independence in the face of incarceration prove contagious and inspiring to the other prisoners. This struggle for influence comes to a head when Luke leads the work crew in a seemingly impossible effort to complete a road-paving job in a single day, in defiance of convention and expectations. Luke becomes recognized as a trouble-maker by the prison authorities. News of his mother\'s death reaches Luke and the Captain locks him in the box instead of sending him to work, anticipating that Luke might attempt escape in order to attend his mother\'s funeral. After this, Luke becomes determined to escape. After an initial escape attempt under the cover of a Fourth of July celebration, he is recaptured by local police and fitted with leg irons to prevent further attempts. Upon Luke\'s returning, the Captain delivers a warning speech to the other inmates, beginning with the famous line, "What we\'ve got here is failure to communicate. Some men you just can\'t reach. So you get what we had here last week, which is the way he wants it... well, he gets it. I don\'t like it any more than you men." Some time later, Luke makes another escape, this time visiting a nearby house where he uses an axe to remove his chain and curry powder to throw off the prison\'s tracking Bloodhounds. This escape is successful but short-lived. While free, Luke mails the prisoners a magazine that includes a photograph of him with two beautiful women, which is received with awe and delight. He is soon recaptured, beaten, and returned to the prison camp. As part of his punishment he is then fitted with two sets of leg chains. When he regains consciousness, Luke is annoyed by the prisoners\' fawning and lashes out, revealing that the picture was a fake. At first the other prisoners are angry, but when, after a long stay in the box, Luke is forced to eat a giant pile of rice, the other prisoners help him finish. Luke\'s escapades seal him as a legendary figure in the eyes of the prisoners but the Captain sets out to break Luke\'s spirit. As punishment for his escape, he is required to dig a large hole of the same dimensions as a grave in the prison camp yard, then fill it in and repeat the process, and is mercilessly beaten as his comrades look on with horror. Finally, an exhausted Luke collapses in his hole and begs to God for mercy and to the bosses not to be hit again as the other prisoners watch from the windows of the bunk house. Believing Luke finally to be broken, the Captain allows Luke to stop and go inside. Luke is hauled back into the bunk house where he struggles to his bed alone. Ashamed by Luke\'s capitulation to the Captain, the prisoners begin to lose their idealized image of Luke. One prisoner pulls out the magazine with Luke\'s picture in it and tears it up. Though seemingly broken in spirit, Luke takes one last stab at freedom when he gets the chance to steal the guards\' truck. Dragline jumps in the truck with Luke and they drive off. They travel until at night near a church, Luke tells Dragline that they should split up. Saddened and regretful, Dragline thanks Luke as they part and Luke enters the church. Here, Luke decides to talk with God, who he believes made him the way he is and is sabotaging him so he cannot win in life. Luke prays and asks God what he should do but gets no reply. Moments later, police cars arrive outside. Dragline re-enters and tells Luke that he made a deal with the bosses that they won\'t hurt them if they surrender peacefully. Luke, knowing better, moves to an open window, quotes the Captain\'s famous line from earlier  and is immediately shot in the neck by Boss Godfrey. A distraught Dragline hauls him outside and attacks Godfrey but is stopped by the other men. The sheriff  then says that he\'s made a call to the local hospital, but the Captain insists on taking him to the prison hospital. When the sheriff says that it\'s an hour\'s drive away and that Luke would never survive, the Captain merely says that "He\'s ours." Luke smiles weakly as the car drives off. The car crushes Boss Godfrey\'s fallen mirror shades as it pulls out. Later, Dragline and the other prisoners reminisce about Luke. Dragline describes Luke\'s unique smile as scenes of Luke\'s escapades flash across the screen. The final image is the now-repaired picture of Luke and the two women, before the screen fades to black.'] ["Jimmy Boland  has been sentenced to a California maximum-security prison for a murder that he didn't commit. When he sees some black prison inmates sodomizing his friend, he flies into a rage and kills the gang leader. The prison warden, in an effort to do Jimmy in, transfers him to the black wing of the prison, where he is sure the black prisoners will dispatch him quickly. This looks to be a safe bet, since the gang member Jimmy had killed was a drug supplier to Blue, the leader of the black prison gang. Wheelhead, a white inmate and leader of a group of white supremacists, takes Jimmy under his wing and offers Jimmy support if he joins the gang. Jimmy refuses, preferring to stay neutral. Meanwhile, Jimmy warms up to his cellmate Stark , and Stark invites Jimmy to join a multi-racial group of prisoners who tend the rooftop prison garden. Jimmy has managed to maintain his neutrality, but at a price. Now both Blue and Wheelhead want to see him dead."] ['{{plot}} Paul "Wrecking" Crewe  is a former NFL player disgraced for shaving points in a big game. He gets in an argument with his rich girlfriend, Lena , regarding his failure. He locks her in a closet, gets drunk, and goes joyriding in her Bentley Continental GT through San Diego. After completely wrecking the car and disabling several police cruisers in the process, he gets arrested and convicted for grand theft auto and driving while intoxicated, and is sentenced to three years in Allenville Penitentiary in Texas. In prison, Warden Hazen  asks Crewe to help the prison guards\' football team. Crewe, under threat of an extra five years in prison for a falsified accusation of attacking Captain Knauer , decides to help him. He informs Hazen that what his team needs is a tune-up game. Hazen decides that Crewe, with the help of a fellow inmate, Caretaker , will make a team out of the inmates for them to play as their tune-up game. He starts off with a poorly organized team, before being noticed by another prisoner, former college football star and 1955 Heisman Trophy winner, Nate Scarborough , who decides to help him by coaching the team. Crewe, Nate and Caretaker find a rating system on the criminals . They all set out to find and recruit some five star inmates: linebacker "Battle" ; fullback Turley ; and at safety, Torres , a chain-smoking outsider. But after realizing their team is built on power and nastiness  and there is no offensive threats on the team, Crewe realizes he needs more players. Caretaker suggests that it is due to their lack of "brothers", as they only have one currently on their team: defensive lineman Switowski , a childlike and friendly, but large strongman. Crew approaches the black inmates, but one of them, Deacon Moss , says that none of them want to play on his team because of Crewe\'s point-shaving history. So Crewe challenges Deacon to a 1-on-1 basketball game where if Crewe wins, the men will join the team. They play basketball and call their own fouls, with Crewe getting physically punished during the game. Despite Crewe losing, one of the black inmates, Earl Megget , is impressed by Crewe\'s resilience and joins the team, which Deacon allows with no consequence. Megget becomes the team\'s running back by impressing Crewe with his running ability. After a tip from Unger  that Crewe and Meggett are the only real offensive threats on the team, Captain Knauer, the guards\' quarterback, decides that the guards should try to stop Megget by trying to get him to assault one of them and sticking him in solitary confinement. Three guards, Denham , Garner , and Engleheart  try to provoke Megget by using racial slurs and making him pick up books they dropped on the floor repeatedly. The guards give up on this after he withstands their harassment without being provoked. Witnessing this, Moss, "Cheeseburger" Eddy , and the rest of black inmates agree to join the football team. Hazen and the guards go to extreme lengths to stop Crewe\'s squad, even flooding their field, but the team overcomes these obstacles. Caretaker suggests that since the guards have been playing dirty, that the inmates should start acting more like criminals, such as swapping Engleheart\'s anabolic steroids for estrogen pills, examining x-rays of guards with broken bones, and acquiring tapes of the guards\' past games from Hazen\'s elderly secretary Lynette , in exchange for Crewe playing sexual games with her and Brucie  caught in love with a sissy called Miss Tucker  by camera CCTV. After watching both evidence videos to the dismay of both Crewe and Brucie, Scarborough plays the guards\' past games videos in order to examine the guards\' formation and explain it to his teammates. Unger secretly spies on the activities of the inmates who are watching a movie, and he immediately tells Guard Garner. To sabotage the inmates\' morale, the guards Garner, Engleheart, Holland, and Lambert have Unger plant a bomb in Crewe\'s cell during the inmates last practice. Crewe, deciding to stay with the team for their post-practice hype, doesn\'t notice Caretaker going to Crewe\'s cell to leave him a present. Unger, waiting for Crewe to enter his cell, doesn\'t notice Caretaker going into Crewe\'s cell. Caretaker places an old college picture of Crewe as a present on top of his radio. Caretaker hears the music that Unger used to provoke Crewe to change the channel, and he changes it, causing it to explode. Unger, still not knowing it was Caretaker, closes the cell door to keep any help from arriving. Crewe and Scarborough arrive too late and watch Caretaker burn to his death. At the funeral the next day, Crewe and the football team leave presents for Caretaker including a bible from Moss, "Cheeseburger" Eddy\'s Cheesburger, Caretaker\'s stopwatch and whistle from Scarborough, and a picture of his mother from Crewe that he showed him a few nights before. During game day, the inmates, now calling themselves "Mean Machine", with gear provided by the late Caretaker, overcome a rough start, and Crewe has to help the team realize that winning the game is more important than personal grudges. One of the referees is also corrupt, and Crewe has to force him to make fair calls by giving up two downs to throw the ball in his groin. The first half ends with the score tied. The angered Hazen informs Crewe that if he does not lose he will be framed for the murder of Caretaker. Crewe acquiesces to Hazen\'s threat. After the guards score touchdowns while inflicting punishment on the inmates, Crewe fakes an injury to leave the field. After seeing how the team fails in dismay, Crewe asks Skitchy if the time spent in jail for fighting with the warden was worth it. Skitchy replies, "Every goddamn minute," and Crewe returns to the field, but the other inmates, believing he has returned to his old point-shaving ways, ignore him and allow him to get tackled twice. After losing his helmet and still getting the first down, Crewe admits his sabotage to the other inmates, and asks for their forgiveness. United again as a team, the Mean Machine scores two touchdowns to cut the guards\' lead to 35-28, but Megget injures his knee. Scarborough comes in for one play as replacement and scores a touchdown off a trick play involving a fumble called a Fumblerooski. They decide to go for the two point conversion and the win. As they get up to the line they seem to be confused and Crewe and Coach start arguing in order to trick the guards. Moss gets the snap and passes it to Crewe, who scores the winning conversion. Knauer, with a newfound respect for Crewe, lets him know that he will testify that Crewe had nothing to do with Caretaker\'s death. Hazen admonishes Knauer for losing a fixed game and notices that Crewe is heading towards the exit along with the fans. Retrieving a sniper-rifle, he demands that Crewe be shot for attempting to escape. Knauer hesitates because of the numerous people near Crewe. Knauer sights up Crewe, but hesitates again, calling out Crewe\'s name to get him to stop. As it is revealed that Crewe is only picking up the game football and returning, Knauer angrily hands the rifle back to Hazen and leaves, while Crewe gives the game ball to Hazen, telling him to place it in his trophy case. Crewe and Scarborough walk back to the locker room and mention that they should deal with Unger, which subtly implies Unger could be killed for murdering Caretaker. Moss and Battle pour a cooler of Gatorade on Hazen in a mockery of a typical football game celebration. Hazen angrily shouts that they will receive a week in the hotbox. Battle yells back, "Who gives a shit!" In a cold ending, a disgruntled Hazen gets into his car and tells the driver to take him home, only to reveal that Miss Tucker snuck out of prison and took the place of his driver, saying to Hazen, "Now, is that anyway to talk to a lady?"'] ['The film deals with the relationships among four men in a Japanese prisoner of war camp during the Second World War &mdash; Major Jack Celliers , a rebellious prisoner with a guilty secret from his youth; Captain Yonoi , the young camp commandant; Lieutenant Colonel John Lawrence , a British officer who has lived in Japan and speaks Japanese fluently; and Sergeant Hara  who is seemingly brutal and yet humane in some ways and with whom Lawrence develops a peculiar friendship. Like Celliers, Yonoi, too, is tormented by guilt. Having been posted to Manchuria previously, he was unable to be in Tokyo with his Army comrades, the "Shining Young Officers" of Japan\'s February 26 Incident, a 1936 military coup d\'état. When the coup fails, the young army officers are executed. Yonoi regrets not being able to share their patriotic sacrifice. Jack Celliers had betrayed his younger brother while the two of them were attending boarding school. Although Celliers confesses this only to Lawrence, Captain Yonoi senses in Celliers a kindred spirit. He wants to replace the British camp commandant Group Captain Hicksley with Celliers as spokesman for the prisoners. The taboo of homosexuality, especially harsh in an otherwise ultranationalist and traditional environment, is suggested throughout the film. A Korean soldier is condemned to commit seppuku after being caught in an "improper" relationship with one of the Dutch prisoners. As the execution is carried out, the Dutch prisoner, who is forced to watch it along with the rest of the prisoners and the Japanese officials as well, bites his tongue and then dies of suffocation himself. Captain Yonoi is enraged when he sees the prisoners behaving in what he sees as a cowardly way for not wanting to witness the death. As Celliers is interned in the camp, Yonoi seems to develop a homoerotic fixation with him, often asking Hara about him, silently visiting him in the small hours when Celliers is confined. However, later on, Yonoi becomes enraged by Celliers\' behaviour and has him and Lawrence thrown into the punishment cells under the charge of possessing a wireless. Celliers, who is known by the nickname of "Strafer" Jack , instigates a small number of rebellious actions, one of which is supplying the men with food after their rations have been suspended for two days for their actions during the seppuku, which Yonoi deems as "spiritually lazy." Yonoi\'s batman suspects the mental hold that Celliers has on Yonoi so he tries to kill Celliers but fails in the attempt. Celliers manages to escape his cell and rescues Lawrence, only to be thwarted by Yonoi unexpectedly. Yonoi challenges Celliers to single combat saying "If you defeat me, you will be free" but Celliers refuses. Yonoi\'s batman then commits seppuku in atonement after urging Yonoi to kill Celliers before Celliers can destroy Yonoi. It is Christmas Eve and Sgt Hara is drinking heavily and orders both Celliers and Lawrence to be brought to him. Hara then advises them that he is playing "Santa Claus" and is ordering their release because a prisoner confesses having the radio. He then calls out in English for the first time "Merry Christmas Lawrence." Sgt Hara is later reprimanded by Yonoi for exceeding his authority. The whole camp is paraded on Yonoi\'s order. All prisoners are prompted to form lines outside the barracks, including sick and moribund ones. The climax of the film is reached when Yonoi is ready to kill the POW\'s commander for not having all the men present for parade. Celliers breaks the rank and walks decidedly in Yonoi\'s direction, between him and the man about to be executed and ends up resolutely kissing him in the cheek with a straight face. This is an unbearable offence to Yonoi\'s bushido honor code; he reaches out for his katana against Celliers, only to collapse under the conflicting feelings of vindicating himself from the offence suffered in front of his troops and his own feelings for Celliers. Celliers is then attacked and beaten up by the Japanese soldiers. Captain Yonoi himself is then redeployed and his successor who declares that "he is not as sentimental as Captain Yonoi" immediately has Celliers buried in the ground up to his neck as a means of punishment and then left to die. Captain Yonoi goes to Celliers when there is no one around and cuts a lock of hair. He then pays his respects and leaves. Four years later, Lawrence visits Sergeant Hara, who has now been imprisoned by the Allied forces. Hara has learned to speak English whilst in captivity. He also reveals that he is going to be executed the next day for war crimes. Lawrence tells him that Yonoi had given him a lock of Celliers hair and told him to take it to his village in Japan and dedicate it in a shrine. Hara reminisces about Celliers and Yonoi. We find out that Yonoi himself was killed just before the war ended. Hara recalls that Christmas Eve and both are very much amused. The two bid each other farewell for the last time. Just before Lawrence leaves, Hara calls out again, "Merry Christmas! Merry Christmas, Mr Lawrence."'] 