['The film begins with the coronation of Karl Alexander, Duke of Württemberg , a man much beloved by his people, who swears an oath to obey the laws of the dukedom "according to the traditional Württemberg loyalty and honesty." However, the Duke soon becomes frustrated because the Württemberg Diet  refuses him the funds needed to maintain a lifestyle comparable to his neighboring sovereigns; in particular, he wants a personal bodyguard, an opera company and a ballet company.{{cite web}}'] ["A man takes his American freedoms for granted, until he wakes up one morning to find out that the United States Government has been replaced with a Communist system. The basis for this short film, narrated by Jack Webb, is the alleged Soviet re-creation of US communities for the purpose of training infiltrators, spies, and moles. The film begins in what looks like a typical American town. The camera moves back to reveal barbed wire, barricades, and soldiers in Soviet Army uniforms. Narrator Jack Webb informs us that there are several places behind the Iron Curtain used for training Soviet espionage and sabotage forces prior to infiltrating America. Webb introduces us to a typical American family of father Jerry ([[Jack Kelly , wife Helen , and daughter Linda  Donovan. Her boyfriend Bill Martin ([[Peter Brown  has been invited to dinner but while Jerry lectures Bill on football plays, Bill only has eyes for Linda. All is not well, as Jerry's missing his PTA meeting to go bowling, and his intention to miss his Army Reserve training does not go over well with Helen. Linda and Bill inform Jerry and Helen they wish to get married but Jerry is angered and says they are too young, but he would have no objection if they waited five years after university. Jack Webb explains how safe Jerry is in his world, but when Jerry goes to sleep, Webb looks grim and tells the audience Jerry is going to have a Red Nightmare. Jerry awakes to find meetings in the public square about infiltrating America to bring down Capitalism. He returns home to find his daughter going to a farm collective escorted by Bill, who is now in Russian Army uniform. Helen informs Jerry that he will have to address the PTA{{dn}} on the glories of communism, which Jerry refuses to do, but his wife says he has no choice. At work, Jerry's foreman  tells him that he has not met his quota and must work through the lunch break to meet it. On Sunday morning, Jerry wakes to find his two youngest children being sent to a State Communist school against his wishes. Jerry insists on the children going to Sunday School, and takes them to their church that has been turned into a museum glorifying the Soviet Union, including many inventions made by Americans which the Soviets claim to have invented. Jerry knocks the exhibits over, and is arrested by troops led by a Commissar . Jerry is brought to trial at a Soviet tribunal , where there is no jury nor a defense attorney. Jerry demands to know what he is charged with, but the rights Americans take for granted are long gone. After condemning testimony from several witnesses, including his own wife, Jerry is convicted and sentenced to death. When he is strapped into the execution chair, Jerry gives a speech about the Soviet people waking up one day to overthrow communism, before he gets a bullet in the head from the Commissar. Jerry wakes up to his freedoms and apologizes to Bill and Linda. Bill says that Jerry had a point about waiting to get married and he and Linda will do so after he finishes his enlistment in the US Army."] ["Pert and pretty high school teen Cassandra Leigh opts for the easy life of a pot-smoking biker in order to avoid the demands of her neurotic career mom. When Cassandra's grades slip and her college plans fall by the wayside, she marries a love-smitten high school swain. The devotion of her husband bores the young bride: she looks up her old thrill-seeking buddies and splits from home. It isn't long before she's peddling dope on the streets in order to finance her growing list of addictions. A young Mexican takes the wayward girl under his wing and makes her not only his partner-in-crime but his woman. With the police on their heels, Cassandra and her lover are forced to ditch a stolen car in the desert and take refuge in a shallow cave. With the posse closing in, the Mexican abandons Cassandra and the deputies nab the semi-conscious heroine. The court sends Cassandra to a Federal Narcotics Hospital."] [' The film features the story of little Hans, a boy born and raised in Nazi Germany, who is bred to become a merciless soldier. At the beginning of the film, a German couple prove to a Nazi supreme judge that they are of pure Aryan blood and agree to give their son, whom they name Hans at the approval of the judge,The names "Franklin", "Winston" and "Joseph" can be seen on the judge\'s list of forbidden names, in reference to Franklin D. Roosevelt, Winston Churchill and Joseph Stalin. into the service of Adolf Hitler and the Nazi Party. They are given a copy of Mein Kampf by the judge as a reward for their service to Hitler; their passport contains spaces for 12 more children . This is followed by the only extended comical section of the cartoon, the tone of which is very light compared to the rest of the film. The audience is told that as Hans grows up, he hears a distorted version of Sleeping Beauty depicting Hitler as the knight in shining armor rescuing Sleeping Beauty, an obese Valkyrie representing Germany, from a wicked witch, representing democracy.  Thanks to this kind of distorted children\'s story, Hans becomes fascinated with Hitler as he and the rest of the younger members of the Hitler Youth give a portrait of him dressed as a knight the Hitler salute. In the following segment, the audience sees Hans sick and bedridden. His mother prays for him, knowing it will only be a matter of time before the authorities come and take him away to serve Hitler. A Nazi officer bangs on the door to take Hans away, but his mother says he is sick and needs care. The officer orders her to heal her son quickly and have him ready to leave, implying if Hans does not get well, he will be euthanized. He orders her not to do anything more to him that will cause him to lose heart and be weak, explaining that a soldier must show no emotion, mercy or feelings whatsoever. Hans eventually recovers and resumes his "education" in a school classroom, where Hans and the rest of his classmates all in Hitlerjugend uniforms, after giving portraits of Hitler, Hermann Göring and Joseph Goebbels the Hitler salute, watch as the teacher draws a cartoon on the blackboard of a rabbit being eaten by a fox, prompting Hans to feel sorry for the rabbit. The teacher, furious over the remark, orders Hans to sit in the corner wearing a dunce cap. As Hans sits in the corner as punishment, he hears the rest of the classmates "correctly" interpret the cartoon as "weakness has no place in a soldier" and "the strong shall rule the weak". This sparks Hans to recant his remark, and agrees that the weak must be destroyed. Hans then takes part in a book-burning crusade, burning any books that oppose Hitler, replacing the Bible with Mein Kampf and the crucifix with a Nazi sword, and burning a Catholic Church. Hans then spends the next several years "Marching and heiling, heiling and marching!" until he reaches his teens  still "marching and heiling" until he becomes an adult or "Good Nazi"  embroiled in hatred towards anyone else who opposes Hitler, "seeing nothing but what the party wants him to see, saying nothing but what the party wants him to say, and doing no more than the party wants him to do." In the end, Hans and the rest of the Nazi soldiers march off to war only to fade into rows of identical graves, with nothing on them except a swastika and a helmet perched on top. Thus Hans\'s education is complete. "The education... for death."'] ['{{Expand section|dateBaird121>Baird , p. 121 The movie\'s message is characterized by its final words, "The flag means more than death".Leiser , p. 35. In one scene, his argument for his son being with him revolves about his sufferings in the war and his unemployment.Leiser , p. 37. The communist who invited Quex to a Communist Youth outing, while saying that he has to be eliminated, takes no part in the killing, Quex having made a strong impression on him.Leiser , pp. 35-36.  {{Expand section}}'] ["Army brat Brad Craig enters A&M with a chip on his shoulder which upperclassmen quickly knock off. Once adjusted, Craig falls in love with a professor's beautiful daughter, only to find she is in love with his roommate. In the meantime, Craig unwittingly associates with Japanese spies  bent on stealing a secret chemical compound developed in the A&M Chemistry Department. Craig is drummed out of the Corps for being a suspected accomplice to the spies, but he then bravely infiltrates the spy network to sabotage the Japanese war effort.http://movies.nytimes.com/movie/review?res=9503E0DD103CEE3BBC4152DFBE668388659EDE Many A&M traditions are referenced in this film."] ['American Conductor John Meredith  and his manager, Hank Higgins , go to Russia shortly before the Nazi invasion of the Soviet Union. Meredith falls in love with beautiful Soviet pianist Nadya Stepanova  while they travel throughout the country on a 40-city tour. Along the way, they see happy, healthy, smiling, free Soviet citizens, blissfully living the Communist dream. This bliss is destroyed by the German invasion.<ref nameNewsArticle&id=6125 Testimony before HUAC] by Ayn Rand concerning this film, including synopsis'] ['In the film, Donald Duck is portrayed as an everyman who has just received his weekly pay. He is met by two physical manifestations of his personality — the classic "good angel on one shoulder, bad devil on the other shoulder" dilemma common to cartoons of the time — identified as the "thrifty saver" and the "spendthrift." The "good duck" appears as a slightly elderly duck with a Scottish accent who wears a kilt and Scottish cap and urges Donald to be thrifty with his money so he can be sure to pay his taxes for the war effort. The "bad duck" appears as a zoot suit-wearing hipster who urges Donald to spend his duly earned money on idle pleasures such as "good dates". The good angel reminds of other "dates" - the dates when his taxes are due.  The narrator explains that Americans should "gladly and proudly" pay their income taxes which are higher that year "thanks to Hitler and Hirohito."  A tug-of-war ensues between "spend" and "save" with Donald caught in the middle. Eventually the two sides give way and crash on opposite ends of Donald to reveal the "true" selves: the doors of the bad duck\'s club are revealed to be swastikas and the bad duck himself turns out to bear a resemblance to Hitler , while the wall the good duck has crashed up against resembles the flag of the United States. The narrator then asks the audience if they are going to "spend for the Axis" or "save for taxes". Having made the seemingly obvious choice, Donald is assumed to shake hands with the bad duck, but it is revealed that he heads over to the bad duck to punch him out at the last second. He then goes to proudly pay his taxes with the good duck. The second part of the film is a montage showing how the taxes are being used to make planes, bombs, ships, and other war materials. It then shows them being used against Axis forces, along with the repeated slogan "Taxes...to  the Axis", accompanied by the opening bars of Beethoven\'s Fifth Symphony .'] ["Moving Picture World offered this plot summary:Moving Picture World, April 20, 1918, reprinted in James R. Mock and Cedric Larson, Words that Won the War: The Story of the Committee on Public Information, 1917-1919 , 151-2 :Macas, a mighty man, is a blacksmith in Louvain, while in the palace in Berlin lives the Kaiser. A captain of the guard, chided for the appearance of his men, in anger knocks the Kaiser down and then commits suicide. The Kaiser soon after starts the world war. Louvain is invaded; the blacksmith, though wounded, saves his daughter from a German soldier. Later, the Lusitania is sunk. The commander of the submarine is decorated and then goes mad. In an interview with Ambassador Girard the Kaiser says he will stand no nonsense from America after the war. Then follow further incidents and happenings leading up to the declaration of war by the United States, and Gerard secures his passports. Scenes of America's military and naval preparations are shown; then the scene shifts to the close of the war. The principal allied generals are gathered in the palace in Berlin, the Kaiser is a captive and is turned over to the King of Belgium, who appoints the blacksmith as his jailer."] ["The grandson of Dr. Jack Griffin, the original invisible man, has emigrated to the United States and now runs a print shop in Manhattan under the assumed name of Frank Raymond . In his shop he is confronted by four armed men who reveal that they know his true identity. One of the men, Conrad Stauffer , is a lieutenant general of the S.S., while a second, Baron Ikito , is Japanese. They are seeking the invisibility formula and threaten amputation if it is not revealed. He just manages to escape with the formula in his hands. Griffin is reluctant to release the formula to the U.S. government officials and only agrees to limited cooperation following the bombing of Pearl Harbor. . After being rendered invisible, he is parachuted behind German lines on a secret mission. After landing Griffin returns to a visible state and makes contact with a carpenter Arnold Schmidt  who reveals his mission. He is to obtain a list of Japanese spies within the U.S. The list was in the possession of Stauffer. Griffin is aided in his task by Maria Sorenson , a British spy and the love interest of Stauffer. Griffin manages to obtain the list despite a confrontation with Stauffer, and returns it to his contact. The plot thickens as Griffin steals into a German prison to obtain information about a planned German attack on New York city. He returns to Schmidt, who in the meanwhile has been arrested. At the shop he is captured by Ikito using a net trap. Griffin and Sorensen are taken to the Japanese embassy, but manage to escape during the mayhem that ensues when Stauffer's men arrive. The couple escape in one of the aircraft slated for the New York attack and then make their way to England and safety."] ['The film opens with a proclamation to the White Star stockholders that the value of their stocks are falling. The president of White Star Line J. Bruce Ismay promises to reveal a secret during the maiden voyage of the Titanic that will change the fate of the stocks. He alone knows that the ship can break the world record in speed and that, he thinks, will raise the stock value  Ismay and the board of the White Star plan to lower the stocks by selling even their own stocks in order to buy them back at a lower price. They plan to buy them back just before the news about the record speed of the ship will be published to the press.  The issue of capitalism and the stock market plays a dominant role throughout the movie. The hero of the film is fictional German First Officer Herr Petersen (played by [[Hans Nielsen  on the ill-fated voyage of the British ocean liner RMS Titanic in 1912. He begs the ship\'s rich, snobbish and sleazy owners to slow down the ship\'s speed, but they refuse and the Titanic hits an iceberg and sinks. The passengers in first class are shown to be sleazy cowards while Petersen, his lover Sigrid Olinsky  who is unlike other first class passengers, and other German passengers in steerage are shown as brave and kind. Peterson manages to rescue many passengers, convince Sigrid to get into a lifeboat, and saves a young girl, who was obviously left to die in her cabin by an uncaring, callous British capitalist mother. In the ship\'s final death throes, Petersen leaps from the deck with the little girl still in his arms and is then pulled aboard Sigrid\'s lifeboat and they watch in horror as the Titanic plunges beneath the waves. The film ends with the British Inquiry into the disaster, where Peterson testifies against Bruce Ismay, condemning his actions, but Ismay is cleared of all charges and the blame is placed squarely on the deceased Captain Smith\'s shoulders. The epilogue states that "the deaths of 1,500 people remain un-atoned, forever a testament of Britain\'s endless quest for profit."'] ['The movie centers around efforts by German intelligence to find the target of an upcoming raid by the mythical "B-99 bomber." To achieve this end, they interrogate a recently shot-down air crew. The German officers use various methods to discover this information, some of them quite subtle. Though no physical brutality is used, the Germans at one point stage a mock execution. Each airman eventually provides useful information because of their own stupidity or naivete. Some of what they say, which the enemy finds useful, seems innocuous but is used by the Germans as pieces of a larger puzzle. In the end, the Germans are able to find the target of the raid and there are heavy casualties. The message of the movie, delivered by an intelligence officer played by Lloyd Nolan, is to not talk under any circumstances, that even innocuous conversation can help the enemy, not to let down one\'s guard, and to not try to outwit the enemy.'] ['A young secretary leaves the country and travels to Berlin to seek work as an actress. In a comedy of errors, she is mistaken for a famous dancer, which results in her heading the cast of a star-studded musical. The plot acts as a backdrop for this musical revue film, which includes many German film, sports, and entertainment stars of the 1930s.'] ['This is a single handed war on terrorism. Commando in the Indian Army Bharath considers his nation as his mother. He does not want anyone to cut it like piece of cake. He is very strong and stubborn in his decision. Captain Bharath is Salim, Captain Bharath is Jai Hind. In his first assignment to trace or trash the terrorist operation he round off terrorist Masood and hand over to the government of India. He gets Shourya Chakra for it. In a short span of time Masood is freed on a hijack of an Indian Air plane with Rs.200 crores demand set by terrorist gang. Feeling ashamed of this, Captain Bharath in his second assignment takes his own decision. He seeks the support of his doctor wife Anjali  in declaring him as dead. As Salim and as Jai Hind, Captain Bharath now with a clue of terrorist attack in prominent places in Bangalore put an end to terrorist activities and surrenders to the government. For taking law in to his hand Captain Bharath is sentenced for life imprisonment. The public support Captain Bharath but judiciary is above all.'] [' A German commander, Von Vulture, is fuming and spluttering furiously about how many American commandos have managed to slip into Germany undetected, and he gets a telegram from the "Gestinko Gestapo", threatening him with his \'ka-rear\' if he lets \'vun\' more \'kommando\' through. Hearing an American warplane overhead, he calls in a soldier, Schultz, whom he abuses by knocking him regularly over his helmet with a mallet. Schultz and Von Vulture go outside and use a searchlight to look for Daffy, who is floating down on a parachute, whilst singing in a Cockney accent. After a quick shout of "Put out those lights!" gets the searchlight turned off temporarily and allows him to land unseen, Daffy uses his fingers on the searchlight\'s lens to make shadows of animated puppets and dancing chorus girls on the clouds to distract the Germans. When Von Vulture chases Daffy behind a curtain that says "asbestos", Daffy makes a face similar to the stereotypical Japanese faces used in cartoons at the time , causing Von Vulture to run off frightened. Back at his bunker, Von Vulture is presented with a bomb from Daffy, ticking down. Von Vulture hands the bomb off to Schultz, who is literally blown through the roof. When Schultz falls back, Daffy stops Von Vulture from hitting Schultz over the head with a mallet, and instead hits him. Von Vulture  chases Daffy to a telephone booth, where Daffy continues to make fun of Von Vulture, such as nicknaming him "Von Limburger" after the infamously foul-smelling cheese. Daffy then jumps in a plane, narrowly avoiding being shot by "a whole mess of Messerschmitts", when he\'s shot down by Von Vulture . Daffy then runs into what he believes is a tunnel where he can hide, but it turns out to be the barrel of a huge howitzer cannon, and Daffy is then shot out by Von Vulture. However, Daffy flies unharmed  into Berlin, where Adolf Hitler is making a speech to his people. Daffy jumps up and whacks Hitler on the head with a mallet, causing the Führer to scream "SCHULTZ!!!" in pain.'] ['In June 1941 Ukrainian villagers are living in peace. As the schools break up for vacation, a group of friends decide to travel to Kiev for a holiday. To their horror they find themselves attacked by German aircraft, part of the Nazi invasion of the Soviet Union. Eventually their village itself is occupied by the Nazis. Meanwhile men and women take to the hills to form partisan militias. The full brutality of the Nazis is revealed when a German doctor  uses the village children as a source of blood for transfusions into wounded German soldiers. Some children lose so much blood that they die. A famous Russian doctor  discovers this and informs the partisans, who prepare to strike back. They launch a cavalry assault on the village to rescue the children. The Russian doctor accuses the German doctor of being worse than the convinced Nazis, because he has used his skills to support them. He then shoots him. The peasants join together, and one girl envisions a future in which they will "make a free world for all men".'] ['The film\'s opening scene is set in 1943 Japan. Reo Seki  is presented with the ashes of his dead son, Taro Seki , and blames himself for the death. The story flashes back to 1936 when Taro Seki returns to Japan after studying in America, with plans to work for an American engineer, Clancy O\'Hara . Taro falls in love with Clancy\'s secretary, Tama Shimamura  and they plan to marry. His father does not accept their marriage because Tama is not from a respectable family. Taro is then drafted to the war in China. Tama and Taro write frequent letters to each other and Tama attempts to show Reo Seki all the letters Taro has sent but he refuses to see them or have anything to do with his son. Meanwhile in China, Taro experiences the brutality of war and witnesses the cruelty of the Japanese to the poor in China. He is told to accept it by a higher-ranked officer. Sara Braden  is an American reporter in China as well as Clancy O\'Hara\'s girlfriend, and she complains to Taro about the violence that the Japanese soldiers are showing towards others. Taro, remembering what the higher-ranked officer had told him, shrugs it off. Outraged, Sara tells him that the war has changed him. Tama and Reo receive news that Taro is coming home and arrange for a celebration with Clancy, Boris  and Max . When Taro arrives, he is different. Reo explains that he has arranged for Tama to be adopted into a respectable family and will allow them to marry. But then, Sara comes in and tells everyone about the children that Taro let die in China to which Tama is in shock. Clancy comments on the Japanese which angers Taro and he demands a fight. They both choose a proxy; Clancy brings American Lefty O\'Doyle  and Taro chooses a Japanese judo expert . Lefty O\'Doyle wins and the judo wrestler is killed for the shame he has brought on the Emperor. Clancy warns Tama that Sara was right, Taro has changed but she has arranged an outing to the countryside to see her parents for the last time before her adoption. When they arrive in the countryside, Tama finds out that her younger sister has been sold in order for her parents to attain more money for Tama and her wedding. Tama begs for Taro to buy back her younger sister and he agrees. Reo warns Clancy that he should leave Japan immediately and return to America because he knows that they will attack Pearl Harbor. Back in the countryside, Taro has now heard news of the attack on Pearl Harbor and the Emperor\'s call to all his men and leaves the country home. Tama asks if he will save her sister in Tokyo but he replies that there is no time for personal issues when the Emperor is in their need and that her sister was a noble sacrifice. Tama returns to Tokyo in search of her sister but is taken to prison under suspicion of being a spy for working under Clancy. A year later, Taro, now in the air corps regiment, testifies against Tama, Clancy and Sara saying that he was "suspicious of them from the first time he met them". Soon after, Clancy proposes to Sara and there is an American bombing raid on Tokyo in which Reo attempts to save Tama, Clancy and Sara but Tama refuses at last minute. At the same time, Taro\'s plane is hit and he dies. The film ends with a return to the opening scene. Reo repudiates the Emperor and then commits suicide through seppuku/hara-kiri  in hope that his own death will bring the people of Japan back to their senses.'] ['The film concentrates on the conflict with the Communist Party in Berlin in the late 1920s. When Westmar arrives in Berlin the communists, whose leaders include a stereotypical Jew, are popular, holding large parades through Berlin singing The Internationale. When he looks into the cultural life of Weimar Berlin, he is horrified at the "internationalism" and cultural promiscuity, which includes black jazz music and Jewish nightclub singers. This scene dissolves into images of the German fighting men of World War I and shots of the cemeteries of the German dead. Westmar decides to help organize the local Nazi party and becomes, through the course of the plot, responsible for their electoral victories, which encourages the Communists to kill him.'] ['The film begins with shots of American bombers flying in formation and the narrator giving the audience a dictionary definition of a "special delivery" and the vital role that air power played in winning the late conflict. He goes on to say that the Air Force can have constructive, as well as destructive uses—several examples are shown of this, including the dropping of food and supplies to remote areas, using B-17s to get serum to Alaska and B-25s to deploy DDT, and using helicopters to rescue the wounded. These are all examples of the peaceful uses of the air power that had been created for war. Various new aircraft are also shown, such as an early jet, and a "flying wing". Finally, with much fanfare, the bomb is loaded onto a plane called Dave\'s Dream and dropped on the test armada. All the personnel whose duties require them to watch the proceedings are given protective goggles to watch "man\'s most terrible weapon". Following the detonation, firefighting and scientific research efforts are shown, culminating in a summary of the bomb\'s effects: "x-ray and high speed atomic particles, both deadly types of radioactivity" are discovered and heavy damage is sustained to the target ships. The film concludes with the message that the air forces responsible for helping to win World War II are now leading the world in peaceful enterprise: in short, that "air power is peace power".'] ['The short opens with five Nazi soldiers patrolling the coast Europe in a U-boat, destroying everything they encounter. Each time they defeat an enemy, one of them jumps onto the bow of the U-boat and the Nazi captain emerges as they shout "HEIL HITLER" while exchanging salutes. Meanwhile, Popeye the Sailor is heading for Britain with a shipment of spinach to donate as a war ration; his ship is attacked and sunk by the Nazi patrol before he can reach Britain. Popeye manages to escape with his spinach in a rowboat but is pursued by the Nazis. Popeye flips the U-boat upside-down and quickly withdraws. But Popeye rows into a minefield and his boat is destroyed before he can escape. Popeye quickly collects all his spinach before the U-boat catches up with him. The Nazis ready their U-boat\'s turret but smoke from Popeye\'s tobacco pipe causes it to sneeze and fire uncontrollably, knocking Popeye out cold and sending his spinach flying into the air. The Nazis, believing Popeye to be dead, emerge from their U-boat and salute; all of Popeye\'s spinach falls through the U-boat\'s bulkhead door. Popeye, dazed and unconscious, topples down to the ocean floor; taking the U-boat\'s propeller with him. Popeye quickly regains consciousness and takes out a can of spinach; swallowing its contents causes his arm to grow a depth charge. Using the propeller for transportation, he blows a hole in the Nazis U-boat. One-by-one, four Nazi soldiers emerge from the ruined sub as Popeye delivers them each a single uppercut, causing them to fly up into the minefield to their deaths. Popeye rows the half-destroyed U-boat to 10 Downing Street in London; he goes into fogginess and the half-destroyed U-boat ends up crashing into traffic, he is greeted with many cheers upon his arrival. Popeye exits the sub along with the Nazi captain, shouting "HEIL HITLER" and saluting once he exits. Popeye stuffs him back into the U-boat and puffs his tobacco pipe to "V for Victory" before the short irises out.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OHo91px5YTs'] ['Batman and Robin struggle against Dr. Daka, a Japanese scientist and agent of Hirohito who has invented a device that turns people into pseudo-zombies, and has a base in a Funhouse of horrors, in a Japanese area of the city. Daka makes several attempts to defeat the Dynamic Duo before finally falling to his death when Robin hits the wrong switch, opening a trapdoor to a pit of crocodiles.'] ['Communists authorities are making life as difficult as possible for a village of Volga Germans in the Soviet Union, with taxes and other oppression.Erwin Leiser, Nazi Cinema, pp. 39-40 ISBN 0-02-570230-0 When Mette, a half-Russian, half-Frisian woman, becomes the girlfriend of Kommissar Tschernoff, the Frisians murder her and throw her body in the swamp.'] ["The film chronicles Ambassador Davies' impressions of the Soviet Union, his meetings with Stalin, and his overall opinion of the Soviet Union and its ties with the United States. It is made in faux-documentary style, beginning with Davies meeting with President Franklin D. Roosevelt to discuss his new appointment as United States ambassador to the Soviet Union. It continues to show the Davies' family's trip by boat to Moscow, with stops in Europe.  While in Moscow, the movie alternates between Davies' interpretations of Russian politics and communism and his family's impressions of Russian life. It includes a memorable scene with Mrs. Davies at a Russian department store. The movie gives Davies' perspective on various points in Soviet history. It begins with the real Ambassador Davies stating, while seated in an armchair, “No leaders of a nation have been so misrepresented and misunderstood as those in the Soviet government during those critical years between the two world wars.”Mission to Moscow, produced by Robert Buckner, 123 minutes, Warner Brothers, screenplay by Howard Koch. The film then cuts to the film Davies and begins its narrative.  Davies is shown witnessing the famous show trials conducted by Stalin in the 1930s , which are portrayed as trials of Fifth Columnists working for Germany and Japan. The voice-overs continue throughout the film, interspersing storyline with Davies' opinions. The basis of the film's narrative focuses on the journey of Davies and his family. First, their physical journey from the United States to the Soviet Union. And, second, their less tangible journey from skeptics of communism and the Soviet Union into converts and enthusiasts. The narrative of the movie and the book are almost identical."] ['In the days after the Dunkirk evacuation in Second World War, Lieutenant Jim Perry , a veteran of the British Expeditionary Force, is posted to the Duke of Glendon\'s Light Infantry to train replacements to fill its depleted ranks. A patient, mild-mannered officer, he does his strenuous best to turn the bunch of grumbling ex-civilians into soldiers, earning himself their intense dislike. Eventually however, the men come to respect their officer. After their training is completed, their battalion is shipped out to North Africa to face Rommel\'s Afrika Korps. However, their ship is torpedoed en route, and they miss the fighting. They are assigned to guard a small town. Perry appropriates a cafe as his headquarters, much to the disgust of the pacifist owner, Rispoli . When the Germans attack, Perry and his men fiercely defend their positions, aided by Rispoli. The last scene shows them advancing in a counter-attack. Instead of the film ending with the words "The End", it concludes with the more uplifting "The Beginning", an attempt to galvanize support for the final push in the war effort. The final scene of the advancing soldiers was also copied for the closing credits of the long-running sitcom Dad\'s Army; John Laurie appeared in both and his performance in the sitcom credits mirrors this film.'] ['The cartoon opens with a faux Walter Winchell voice discussing the end of Germany, saying that "Germany has been battered into a fare-thee-well", and musing about where the high leadership, and "Fatso" Göring in particular has gone. The scene soon cuts to the Black Forest, where Hermann Göring, in bemedalled lederhosen, is "soothing his jangled nerves" marching while on a hunt. Nearby, a familiar furrow in the ground appears, with a hole at the end. Bugs pops out of the hole, and sees no sign of the Black Forest on his map. . Bugs asks Göring about the directions to Las Vegas, oblivious to his location. Göring is almost tricked into going to Las Vegas but then quickly realizes that he\'s being tricked and replies "Las Veegas? Why, there is no Las Veegas in Chermany!" For once genuinely alarmed by his mistaken destination, Bugs hightails it, saying "\'Joimany\'? Yipe!", with Göring chasing after him shooting at him with his musket.  A few chase gags go by in which Bugs insults the integrity of Göring\'s medals by bending one with his teeth. Göring, suckered into bending one himself, declares them ersatz and mumbles all sorts of anti-Hitler sentiments . Bugs masquerades as Adolf Hitler using a bit of mud, and faces the surprised Göring. Göring disappears offscreen in a flash to change into his Nazi uniform adorned with all sorts of medals. After the usual Nazi salute, Bugs berates him in faux German as he strips Göring of his medals  and even his belt, causing Göring to "kiss" in reverence, saying in order: "Look! I kiss mein Führer\'s hand. I kiss right in der Führer\'s face!", the joke being the wildly popular song of the time of the same name composed by Oliver Wallace and played by Spike Jones\'s band, and the subject of a rival short animated subject from the Walt Disney Studios. Afterwards, Göring exclaims, "Oh, I\'m a bad flooten-boy-glooten!", a variant on Warner cartoons\' frequently-cited Lou Costello catchphrase, "I\'m a baaad boy!". Later, when the gig is up, Bugs rides in on a white horse, dressed as Brünhilde, from Wagnerian opera, to the tune of the "Pilgrims\' Chorus" from Tannhäuser. Göring, entranced, responds by dressing up as Siegfried. The two dance, before Bugs once again makes a fool of Göring and escapes . Eventually, Göring captures Bugs, using a hawk. "Do you think he\'ll catch me, doc?" "Will he catch you? He\'ll have you back here faster thank you can say Schicklgruber."  The hawk imitates Jimmy Durante. Göring brings Bugs back to Hitler , where he identifies him as "Bugsenheimer Bunny"  to der Führer.During this final sequence, realistic hand prints are visible on a wall map. These prints represent a signature of background artist Robert Gribbroek, who is not credited in this film. As Herr Hitler talks of the great rewards he is going to pile upon Göring for this act of heroism, he opens the bag to reveal Bugs dressed as Joseph Stalin—complete with an enormous pipe—staring back at him. Göring and Hitler flee. As the cartoon ends, Bugs glances back at the camera and asks, in a Russian accent, citing an ad slogan of that era for the "Sir Walter Raleigh" pipe tobacco manufactured by the Brown & Williamson Tobacco Company: "Does your tobacco taste different lately?"'] ["The Town presents an idealized vision of American life, shown in microcosm by Madison, Indiana. The diversity of the town's ethnic origins is highlighted, noting the Czech, Dutch, German, and Italian communities, some of whom were immigrants or children of immigrants. Schools are shown to be free and open to all, as are libraries and swimming pools. The press is depicted as free. Some people are shown who don't like the current administration in Washington, and don't like the newspaper's policy, but the newspaper prints their complaint. Trials are conducted in front of a jury, for all the world to see. The prosecutor serves as the judge's opponent in the last election, and even said he was unfit for office, but they work together anyway. Everyone had the right to vote, from the store keeper, to the attorney himself. In a democracy, the only thing that is secret is the ballot. The film ends by stating that the American people, descended from settlers in the old world, are now going back over the seas to free their homelands."] ['The film begins with a father and worker  working at an armaments factory, until he finally gets off and goes home. When he is at home, he is interrupted from listening to his daughter\'s recitation of Abraham Lincoln\'s Gettysburg Address to go out for the Civil Defense on an air-raid patrol. When he is out at his post he feels a little silly being there, as no air raids have hit America, though they have hit America\'s allies. He then goes off into a dream sequence, narrated by God, about the various areas in which air raids and other violence has been brought on civilians, by air and other means. Each vignette ends with a small child dead or wounded and the narrator asking him, what if it was "your baby, John Jones, your baby" the dream sequence ends with an air attack, after which Jones finally awakes. He returns to his house and his daughter finishes the recitation of the Gettysburg Address "...so that government by the people, for the people, and of the people shall not perish from this Earth."'] ['In post-war East Germany, Peter Gottfried is the son of minister Friedrich Gottfried. The Communist regime has decreed that all children of "dissidents" will be denied entry to a prestigious music conservatory. Peter is anxious to be accepted, and in order to get in he prepares to answer the seven questions required by the conservatory, the seventh of which will require him to deny his religious convictions. Before this can happen, he is invited by the Communist Party to perform at the Berlin Youth Festival. Friedrich protests, knowing that the Communists intend to use his son as a political pawn, to "prove" to the world that East Germany affords equal rights to clergymen. In the end, it is Peter himself who decides to quit the Festival and defect to the West.'] ['In the Wołyń Voivodeship in eastern Poland, the German minority is oppressed by the Polish majority. The physician Dr. Thomas does not have any hospital available and his daughter Marie, who teaches at a German school, and needs an important operation, watches when her school is disseized by Polish authorities and demolished by an angry mob. Dr. Thomas protests to the mayor, noting the constitutionally guaranteed minority rights; however his protest falls on deaf ears. Marie and her fiancé, Dr. Fritz Mutius, drive to the provincial capital, in order to put their protest to the Voivode , but they are not even received there either. Deciding to stay in the capital in order to call on the court the next day, that evening they go to the cinema. They are accompanied there by her friend Karl Michalek, who has been pressed into service by the Polish Armed Forces. When they refuse to sing the Polish national anthem Mazurek Dąbrowskiego with the rest of the audience, Fritz gets grievously hurt by the furious Polish crowd. Marie tries to take her betrothed to a hospital, but he is refused admission and succumbs to his injuries. Back home, the acts of violence against the German minority continue to increase: Marie\'s father too becomes the victim of a Polish attack and is blinded as a result; the wife of innkeeper Ludwig Launhardt, Martha, dies after being struck by stones thrown by Poles. When during the Invasion of Poland the German villagers meet secretly in a barn, in order to hear Hitler\'s speech of 1 September 1939 before the Reichstag, they are discovered, arrested and imprisoned. Marie keeps up their spirits with the promise that they will escape, that Germans are deeply concerned about them, and that they will be able to return home and hear neither Yiddish nor Polish, but only German.Erwin Leiser, Nazi Cinema p70-1 ISBN 0-02-570230-0 They are abused by the prison guards, but escape through an underground cellar and, scarcely avoiding a massacre, are saved by invading Wehrmacht soldiers. The German escapees ready for their resettlement into the "homeland", while widowed Ludwig Launhardt asks for Marie\'s hand. At the end of the film the German trek crosses the border into the Reich. The conclusion shows an enormous picture of Hitler set up at the checkpoint.'] ['The film opens with a shot of a football team making a touchdown and the crowd cheering. The narration begins, informing us that that victory was won by a team where everyone knew the job they had to do: "We\'re playing another kind of a game now, only this one isn\'t for fun. It\'s for keeps." the narrator declares, with shots of a tank battle now on screen. British life and society are briefly introduced. The narrator notes especially the high population density of Britain and the solidarity that this inspires between various elements of its society. :Here\'s where he lives &ndash; a little island no larger than the state of Idaho. Half a million people live in Idaho. 96 times that number live in Britain. The Nazis and the Japs scream about Lebensraum &ndash; "living space" &ndash; but on a square mile of Britain there are more people than on a square mile of Germany or Italy or Japan. In 1938, the year the Yankees won the pennant, the British were going about their daily lives, working and cheering football on their day off. {{convert}} away, however, others were cheering for Hitler. The Brits try to reason with him through the Munich Agreement, but he breaks his word, invading Czechoslovakia and Poland. Now "John Britain," as he is personified, is at war, and pretty soon he is at war alone, since western Europe soon falls to the Nazis. Various differences in British and American culture are addressed, sometimes humorously, other more soberly, such as the position of the monarchy and the peers in British society. "Britain is like your Grandma\'s house; she\'s been around a long time and keeps a lot of old things she doesn\'t wish to part with." The British Empire is a trickier subject, with the narrator explaining the home-rule of Canada, South Africa and the other white dominions, then giving a rosy picture of how much self-government India has, and how, because of its strategic significance &ndash; "an effective block by the democratic world to keep the Nazis and Japs from uniting" &ndash; it cannot be independent just yet.'] ['The film runs in colour for only 21 minutes, containing footage of the 8th and 9th Nuremberg Rallies. Particularly notable scenes of both the rally and the film are images of Albert Speer\'s lighting techniques during the 9th Nuremberg rally on 10 September 1937, in which he positioned 134 spotlights circling the Zeppelin field on which the rally was taking place. The beams of these spotlights, forming the "Cathedral of Light," merged into the general glow at an estimated height of 20,000 feet.'] ['The playlet involves a young woman coming home, tired, after a busy day at a war plant. Each time she comes in there is a letter from her husband overseas, and she remembers their conversations before he went off to war. She was concerned about him, because she felt it was a "young man\'s war" and he should stay home with her and the baby. However he was insistent that his country needed him. The plot then turns to the husband trying to manage his ship while it is being attacked by a submarine. The next day, the woman receives another letter from her husband, who is shown in double exposure, reminding her that freedom comes high, often at the price of human lives. The door bell rings, and it is a Western Union telegram, saying that her husband died. The point of the film was to communicate to the American people that many of their sons and husbands who were going overseas, would not be coming back, and that they would have to understand they would be sacrificing their loved ones to secure freedom. Given the extraordinary sensitivity of the subject matter, the government short is notable both as propaganda and as a meditation on what has to be sacrificed for the maintenance of freedom.'] ['The film begins with a prologue, the only commentary in the film. It consists of the following text, shown sequentially, against a gray background: {| border"0" cellspacing"width:50%; margin:auto; background: white; text-align: center; font-size: 95%" | style"background:#eee;" | 20 Jahre nach dem Ausbruch des Weltkrieges [20 years after the outbreak of the World War] |- | style"background:#eee;" | 19 Monate nach dem Beginn der deutschen Wiedergeburt [19 months after the beginning of the German rebirth] |- | style="background:#eee;" | flog Adolf Hitler wiederum nach Nürnberg, um Heerschau abzuhalten über seine Getreuen [Adolf Hitler flew again to Nuremberg to review the columns of his faithful followers] |} Day 1: The film opens with shots of the clouds above the city, and then moves through the clouds to float above the assembling masses below, with the intention of portraying beauty and majesty of the scene. The cruciform shadow of Hitler\'s plane is visible as it passes over the tiny figures marching below, accompanied by music from Richard Wagner\'s Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg, which slowly turns into the Horst-Wessel-Lied. Upon arriving at the Nuremberg airport, Hitler and other Nazi leaders emerge from his plane to thunderous applause and a cheering crowd. He is then driven into Nuremberg, through equally enthusiastic people, to his hotel where a night rally is later held. Day 2: The second day begins with a montage of the attendees getting ready for the opening of the Reich Party Congress, and then footage of the top Nazi officials arriving at the Luitpold Arena. The film then cuts to the opening ceremony, where Rudolf Hess announces the start of the Congress. The camera then introduces much of the Nazi hierarchy and covers their opening speeches, including Joseph Goebbels, Alfred Rosenberg, Hans Frank, Fritz Todt, Robert Ley, and Julius Streicher. Then the film cuts to an outdoor rally for the Reichsarbeitsdienst , which is primarily a series of pseudo-military drills by men carrying spades. This is also where Hitler gives his first speech on the merits of the Labor Service and praising them for their work in rebuilding Germany. The day then ends with a torchlight SA parade in which Viktor Lutze speaks to the crowds. Day 3: The third day starts with a Hitler Youth rally on the parade ground. Again the camera covers the Nazi dignitaries arriving and the introduction of Hitler by Baldur von Schirach. Hitler then addresses the Youth, describing in militaristic terms how they must harden themselves and prepare for sacrifice. Everyone present, including General Werner von Blomberg, then assemble for a military pass and review, featuring Wehrmacht cavalry and various armored vehicles. That night Hitler delivers another speech to low-ranking party officials by torchlight, commemorating the first year since the Nazis took power and declaring that the party and state are one entity. Day 4: The fourth day is the climax of the film, where the most memorable of the imagery is presented. Hitler, flanked by Heinrich Himmler and Viktor Lutze, walks through a long wide expanse with over 150,000 SA and SS troops standing at attention, to lay a wreath at a World War I Memorial. Hitler then reviews the parading SA and SS men, following which Hitler and Lutze deliver a speech where they discuss the Night of the Long Knives purge of the SA several months prior. Lutze reaffirms the SA\'s loyalty to the regime, and Hitler absolves the SA of any crimes committed by Ernst Röhm. New party flags are consecrated by letting them touch the Blutfahne  and, following a final parade in front of the Nuremberg Frauenkirche, Hitler delivers his closing speech. In it he reaffirms the primacy of the Nazi Party in Germany, declaring, "All loyal Germans will become National Socialists. Only the best National Socialists are party comrades!" Hess then leads the assembled crowd in a final Sieg Heil salute for Hitler, marking the close of the party congress. The entire crowd sings the Horst-Wessel-Lied as the camera focuses on the giant Swastika banner, which fades into a line of silhouetted men in Nazi party uniforms, marching in formation as the lyrics "Comrades shot by the Red Front and the Reactionaries march in spirit together in our columns" are sung.'] ['Frankie Davis , Allan Ross  and Pinkie Scariano  join the U.S. Army Air Forces with hopes of becoming pilots. In training, they befriend Irving Miller  and Bobby Grills . The five friends go through the training process to become pilots, facing success, failure and tragedy.'] ['During the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin the young Inge Wagner and Luftwaffe Fliegerleutnant  Herbert Koch meet, and within a few days fall in love. They make plans for their joint future, but before they can get married Herbert is seconded to the Condor Legion and ordered to the Spanish Civil War; he is forced to leave immediately without giving Inge any explanation. The mission is top secret and all contact with home is forbidden, including by letter, and he is unable to contact her with an explanation. When after several months the operation is over, and Herbert is recovering from a severe injury, he is at last able to write to Inge, but she has moved in the meantime and he is unable to trace her. Inge meanwhile is unable to forget Herbert and is prepared to wait for him. Three years go by. When the war begins with the Invasion of Poland in 1939, the men from Inge\'s area all go off to the front, including Inge\'s childhood friend, Helmut Winkler, whose proposal of marriage she has turned down, but who continues to hope for her hand. Helmut is assigned to a Squadron where he is put directly under Herbert, who has meanwhile been promoted to Hauptmann . The two become friends, not knowing that they both love the same girl. Since the beginning of the war, a big musical event has taken place in Berlin every week, which is broadcast on the radio as "Wunschkonzert für die Wehrmacht" and provides a channel for greetings and messages between the front and home. When Herbert, remembering the beautiful days with Inge, asks for the Olympic fanfares, Inge, who is listening at home like every one else, hears it and is encouraged by this sudden sign out of the blue to discover Herbert\'s whereabouts, with renewed hope of seeing him again. They exchange letters, and arrange to meet in Hamburg. However, at the last moment before the meeting, Herbert and Helmut are both ordered off on a reconnaissance flight over the Atlantic and are shot down. A German U-Boat picks them up. Meanwhile Inge is waiting in vain. Helmut is taken wounded to the military hospital, where all three meet in his sickroom. After sorting out the confused situation - Herbert assumes that Inge and Helmut are engaged - the two lovers are reunited.'] ['One after another of a company of carrier pigeons fall prey to the seductive wiles of "Queen of the Spies" Hatta Mari. The alarm is raised at pigeon headquarters when Pigeon 13  goes AWOL with the female Nazi spy bird, to whom he reveals all his secrets . In shame, Pigeon 13 departs to commit suicide, although after an offscreen gunshot is heard, he briefly returns to note "Duh, I missed." Later, self-described woman-hater Daffy volunteers for the next mission. Hatta tries to seduce him by hiking up her skirt to reveal her shapely leg and kissing him full on the lips twice. The first kiss electrocutes Daffy and melts him like butter, but the second kiss electrocutes Hatta Mari having the same effect on her. Daffy ultimately resists her charms but swallows his secret message when the temptress corners him. After a frenetic battle, she x-rays Daffy and broadcasts the supposed secret  to Hitler himself. Outraged, Hitler declares "Dot iss no military zecret!" Goebbels and Goering concur -- "Ja. Efferybody knows dot!" -- then shoot themselves in the heads after receiving Hitler\'s angry glare.'] ["In 1940, the East Dudgeon lightship's seven-man crew are waiting for the arrival of another crew to relieve them of their duties so they can return home. While they are waiting, a momentary danger is encountered and dealt with: a drifting mine comes perilously close to the ship and the crew call for a minesweeper to destroy it. Later, while the crew are gathered on deck, two Luftwaffe aircraft fly overhead. To the men's surprise, the aircraft begin firing at them with machine guns, wounding the captain in the arm. As the attack intensifies, and the aircraft begin to drop bombs, the entire crew manage to escape the vessel on a lifeboat. The efforts of the German bombers eventually result in the lightship sinking. The escaped crew row during the night in an attempt to reach the shore. Before they can land the boat, the lifeboat capsizes and overcome by tiredness, the men drown. A new lightship is then stationed in place of the sunken vessel."] ['In 1942, Chinese guerrillas fighting for the Allied cause in Burma during World War II are helping to build a road. During the construction of a military supply road like the Burma Road and Ledo Road, the project is sabotaged by an English nobleman who is a Nazi agent. Using a scientific device, the English nobleman is instrumental in the coordination of a Japanese air attack on supply trucks attempting to cross a key bridge. A Chinese school teacher  reveals the schemes of the traitor, and brings about his destruction at the hands of Chinese peasants armed with picks and shovels.'] [" The Stooges try to join the army but are labeled 4-F by the draft board due to Curly having water on the knee. After they decide to go on vacation until a job comes along, their father ([[Robert McKenzie  insists they aid the war effort instead by becoming farmers. Inspired, the trio sell their dilapidated car and buy an equally dilapidated farm. The farm contains no livestock except for one ostrich, which eats gunpowder. The boys then spot some pumpkins and decide to carve and sell them. In the interim, several Japanese refugees escape a prison camp , and work their way onto the Stooges' farm. Curly is the first to notice some suspicious activity . Eventually, Moe and Larry believe him, and realize that the farm is surrounded by the Japanese. Moe then throws an ostrich egg  at the refugees, killing them."] ['The Stooges are dressed as Japanese soldiers for a photo shoot; their boss ([[John Tyrrell  tells them to go on a lunch break but they have to keep their costumes on to finish the photo shoot quickly. Meanwhile, in the restaurant the Stooges are about to go to, the manager reads a headline in the newspaper that states a Japanese submarine was destroyed offshore and three Japanese soldiers had escaped. When the Stooges arrive, the owner thinks they are the Japanese and attacks the Stooges, but they manage to escape. When they escape into the alley, they accidental activate a hidden door. When they get inside, they meet a Nazi spy named Hugo  who mistakes them for the three Japanese, Naki , Saki , and Waki , that escaped. Just as Hugo is about to introduce them to some ladies, Curly accidentally calls them "dames" which makes Hugo realize that they are not the Japanese, but he plays along anyway.  In order to prove themselves, the Stooges have to teach the ladies jujitsu and do acrobatic tricks. When the real Japanese arrive, the Stooges fight them, but they keep turning the lights on and off, leading them to fight the wrong persons. At the end, the Stooges come out victorious.'] ['Somewhere in the Pacific, Bugs is floating in a box, singing to himself, when \'the island that inevitably turns up in this kind of picture\' turns up. Bugs swims towards it, and admires the peace and quiet, when bombs start going off. Bugs ducks into a haystack, and soon comes face to face with a Japanese soldier; a short, bucked tooth, monkey-footed Japanese man who says his \'Ls\' as \'Rs\' and who might be rapidly stating the names of Japanese cities whenever he moves. The soldier chases Bugs to a rabbit hole, where the soldier dumps a bomb inside. However, Bugs manages to blow the soldier up with the bomb. When the soldier tries to pull Bugs out, Bugs appears as a Japanese general , but is soon recognized by his trademark carrot eating, prompting one soldier  to ask him "What\'s up, Honorable Doc?" Bugs then jumps into a plane to get away from the soldier, who jumps into his own plane. However, Bugs ties the soldier\'s plane to a tree, causing the plane to be yanked out from under him. The soldier parachutes down, but is met by Bugs in mid-air, who hands "Moto"  some \'scrap iron\' ,This is a reference to US companies selling scrap metal to Japan before the war. causing the soldier to fall. Painting a Japanese flag on a tree to denote one soldier down, Bugs runs into a sumo wrestler, whom he confidently faces off against . After getting temporarily beaten by the sumo wrestler , Bugs dresses as a geisha girl and knocks the wrestler out, who repaints a second flag on the tree before passing out. Seeing a bunch of Japanese landing craft making their way to the island , Bugs thinks of a plan to get rid of all of them. He comes out in a \'Good Rumor\'  truck, which plays Mozart . Bugs hands each of the Japanese an ice cream with a grenade inside it. All the Japanese are killed off from the explosions, save for one who was killed after redeeming a \'free\' ice cream from Bugs. Having now painted dozens of Japanese flags on the trees denoting all the downed enemy, Bugs comments again about the \'peace and quiet - and if there\'s one thing I CAN\'T stand, it\'s peace and quiet!\'. Bugs spots an American battleship in the distance and raises a white flag, yelling for them to come get him. However, they do not notice him and keep going. Bugs is insulted, "Do they think I want to spend the rest of my life on this island?" With this remark, a female rabbit  appears saying "It\'s a possibility!" Bugs then pulls down the distress flag, lets out a wolf cry, and goes running after her.'] ['A man and his wife lead a German anti-Nazi propaganda literature movement. After an inadvertent betrayal, the husband is thrown into a concentration camp, from which he escapes to Switzerland.'] ["Brad Collins , a San Francisco shipping executive  who recently married Nan Lowry Collins  after a brief courtship, was once involved with Communism in New York, while a stevedore during the Depression. Shortly after returning home following their honeymoon, the couple meet Christine Norman , an old flame of Collins. Nan immediately dislikes her. Collins becomes the target of a Communist cell and its leader, Vanning , who orders the murder of an alleged FBI informer drowned after a brief interrogation. After threatening to reveal Collins' responsibility for a murder as well as his communist past, Vanning orders the executive to sabotage the shipping industry in the San Francisco Bay by resisting union demands in a labor dispute. He claims it is impossible to leave the Communist Party. Meanwhile Norman, bitter over Collins's earlier rejection, is ordered to become closer to his brother-in-law Don Lowry  by indoctrinating him with their Communist world view. Norman, though, genuinely falls in love with Lowry, with Vanning claiming that she is not meant to be so emotional. A friend of Collins and former boyfriend of Nan, union leader Jim Travers  cannot understand why Collins has become unreasonable to deal with. Travers is concerned about the possibility of the small number of communists in the union being able to take it over, and suspects Norman of being a communist, or at least a fellow traveler. He discusses this with Lowry, who is a new colleague. Lowry denies Norman's politics, apparently still free of communist ideology, or an awareness of where his, by now, future wife's friends are coming from politically. She confesses when confronted, but after Lowry rejects her she shows him a photograph of herself with Collins/Johnson and reveals his communist past. Vanning interrupts them. Angry with Christine for breaking orders, she was supposed to be in Seattle for another two days on her day job as a photographer, he tries to lean on Lowry because he is now able to expose the influence the party has regained over Collins. Lowry travels to the Collins's residence to inform them of what he has learned, but is run over by a car driven by the communist hit man J.T Arnold  who had observed the earlier killing with Collins. Nan, previously informed by Norman that her brother is in danger, tries to convince her husband that Lowry's killing was not an accident. He pretends to be unconvinced. Confronting Christine, Nan is told of her husband's past, and Christine  informs her that Bailey ([[William Talman  was probably responsible for Lowry's death. Preparing a suicide note, Christine is interrupted by Vanning, who thinks this is a good solution, but wishes to keep politics out of it, and destroys her confession of communist involvement. It is unclear if she does commit suicide, or whether she is thrown out of the high window. Intent on revenge, Nan befriends Bailey at the fairground where he has legitimate employment, and goes off with him. The hit man is saved when she is identified, and Nan is kidnapped and taken to the hidden local communist headquarters in Arnold's warehouse. Collins tracks his wife down to this location, and by threatening Arnold with a gun, is able to gain admittance. In a shootout, Bailey and Vanning are killed, and Collins fatally injured. In his last moments Nan says she still loves him."] ['In 1933 Berlin, Professor Nichols  runs the American Colony School, which is next door to the Horst Wessel School, where young Germans are indoctrinated in Nazism. During a brawl between the student bodies, American-born German Karl Bruner  objects when German-born American Anna Muller  smacks him on the rear with her baseball bat. Despite their awkward introduction, he is attracted to the feisty girl. She is an American citizen, but her parents sent her to be educated in their former homeland. Soon, Karl, Anna and Professor Nichols are good friends, though they do not see eye to eye politically. After a while though, they lose touch with each other. Six years later, as war looms in Europe, Karl, now a lieutenant in the Gestapo, removes students of the "wrong" nationalities from the American School. Anna herself is taken away, even though she is a twenty-year-old assistant teacher; because she was born in Germany to German parents and is regarded as a German citizen. Nichols tries hard to find her, but the American consulate is powerless to do anything, and Anna\'s grandparents are too frightened to help. Finally, his friend Franz Erhart  suggests that Nichols get permission from the Ministry of Education to inspect a certain labor camp where she is probably being held. When Nichols goes to see Dr. Graf , he chances to meet Gestapo Colonel Henkel  and his aide and protégé, Karl. Henkel gladly approves his request, but in private, Karl tries unsuccessfully to persuade Nichols to change his mind by informing him that Anna has become a model German. Nichols does not believe him. When he finds Anna at the camp, he is proved right. However, she discourages him from trying to rescue her, as it would be too dangerous and stands little chance. Meanwhile, Karl recommends her for an advanced "Geopolitik" course at a German university, but when interviewed by Henkel and Dr. Graf, she vehemently turns down the opportunity, suspecting that it is intended to turn her into a spy against America. As a result, she is sent back to the camp and is demoted from the staff to a mere laborer. Henkel, after receiving many reports of her anti-Nazi behavior, decides she should be sterilized, as are all women who do not fit the Nazi mold. When Karl learns of this, he tries to get Anna to pretend to be a good Nazi, or even to bear his child to prove her usefulness to Germany, but she refuses. She runs away from the camp, eventually reaching the city, where she hides in a Roman Catholic church. However, a search party finds her there and takes her away, despite the protests of the anti-Nazi bishop . Henkel orders her to receive ten lashes as punishment, sending Karl to witness it. After the second lash, Karl cannot bear it any longer and stops it, though he knows he has doomed himself as well as Anna. He pretends to have realized his mistake and recanted. Henkel arranges for a nation-wide radio broadcast of the trial and promises Karl full honors at his funeral. Meanwhile, Professor Nichols is ordered to leave Germany immediately or he will be arrested as an accessory to treason. At the airport, Nichols hears Karl use his opening statement to denounce Hitler\'s Germany before the young man is shot and killed. Anna is murdered as well as she rushes to Karl\'s side.'] ['The film begins in 1813 after the period of the Napoleonic Wars known in German as the War of Liberation. The opening scenes show Prussian Landwehr and volunteers marching down the streets of Breslau through enthusiastic crowds. This is followed by a dialogue between the King Frederick William III of Prussia and Count August von Gneisenau, where Gneisenau explains that the siege of Kolberg taught the importance of citizen armies. Ending with the admonition that kings who cannot lead must abdicate, the scene switches to Vienna in 1806 to show the abdication of the last Holy Roman Emperor, Francis II of Austria, whom the script has Gneisenau call "an Emperor who abandoned the German people in their hour of need". The scene set, the film moves to 1807 and a Kolberg not yet affected by war, where the inhabitants are shown enjoying life, and the town\'s leaders, Nettelbeck chief among them, discuss Napoleon\'s proclamations, and what it will mean to them. Some see the French victories as a good thing, some wonder whether to leave. Nettelbeck alone is set on resisting the French. The film continues in this vein, with Nettelbeck struggling against cowardice, lethargy and the old-fashioned ideas of the garrison commander, to defend his city against the approaching French. Nettelbeck creates a citizen militia, in spite of the best efforts of the regular army, has supplies collected, and strongly opposes the idea of surrender. Finally, having been threatened with execution, and convinced that Kolberg can only be saved if a great leader can be found, Nettelbeck sends Maria on the dangerous journey to Königsberg where the Court of Prussia has retreated to, to meet with the King and with Queen Louise, who was described by Napoleon as "the only man in Prussia". Maria\'s journey leads to the energetic and charismatic Gneisenau being sent to Kolberg. After an initial confrontation with Nettelbeck, in order to show that there is only one leader in Kolberg, and that Gneisenau is that leader, the two work together with the army and the citizens to save the city from the French. After Kolberg is saved, the film returns to 1813 after the Convention of Tauroggen, a time when Napoleon was defeated in Russia, and Prussian leaders wonder whether it is time to turn openly against him. Frederick William is convinced by Gneisenau to do so, and sits down to write the proclamation An Mein Volk  announcing the War of Liberation.'] ["Jeffrey Lynn plays a defeated politician who takes over as editor of a small town newspaper in an effort to get himself elected. His campaign is intended to be a continuing expose of the evils of big industry, and his strategy is to publish daily investigations of industrial skullduggery and pollution. Marilyn Monroe, listed as one of the film's stars, actually plays a very small bit as Iris Martin, the shapely office secretary. On a school outing to an abandoned mine, Jeffrey Lynn's little sister is trapped in the collapse of a mine tunnel, and the town's industries come to her rescue. After little sister is rescued and flown in a company plane to the big city, Lynn has a change of heart and recognizes that the industrial towns-people are actually doing their best to help their fellow citizens."] ["Celia Crowson  and her family go on holiday to the south coast of England in the summer of 1939. Soon afterwards the Second World War breaks out and Celia's father  joins what was to become the Home Guard and her more confident sister Phyllis  joins the Auxiliary Territorial Service. Fearing her father's disapproval if she moves away from home, Celia hesitates about joining up but eventually her call-up papers arrive. Hoping to join the WAAF or one of the other services, Celia instead gets posted to a factory making aircraft components, where she meets her co-workers, including her Welsh room-mate Gwen Price  and the vain upper middle class Jennifer Knowles . Knowles dislikes the work they have to do at the factory, causing friction with their supervisor Charlie Forbes  which eventually blossoms into a verbally combative romance. A nearby RAF bomber station sends some of its men to a staff dance at the factory, during which Celia meets and falls in love with an equally-shy young Scottish flight sergeant Fred Blake ([[Gordon Jackson . Their relationship encounters a crisis when Fred refuses to tell Celia when he is sent out on his first mission, but soon afterwards they meet and make up, with Fred asking Celia to marry him. After the wedding they spend their honeymoon at the same south coast resort as the Crowsons went to in 1939, finding it much changed with minefields and barbed wire defending against the expected German invasion. Just after returning to the factory, they find furnished rooms nearby to set up house together, but then Fred is killed in a bombing raid over Germany. Celia receives the news while working at the factory and at a mealtime shortly afterwards the band play Waiting at the Church, without realising it had been played at Celia's wedding reception. About to break down, Celia is comforted by her fellow workers, as bombers from Fred's squadron overfly the factory en route to another raid."] ['The surviving crew members of a Royal Air Force bomber shot down near the former Polish border traverse the breadth of Nazi Germany and the occupied Netherlands to get back to England. Led by Flight Lt. Terrence Forbes, an Australian , and Flying Officer Johnny Hammond, an American , pursued by a Nazi major  and aided by an anti-Nazi nurse , the men repeatedly evade capture, eventually flying home in a recaptured British airplane that the Germans had planned to use in a sneak attack on London.'] ['The film opens with a note that the following is "a reminder that behind the curtain of Nazi pageants and parades was millions of men, women and children who were tortured to death - the greatest mass murder in human history," then fades into German civilians at Gardelegen carrying crosses to the local concentration camp. Most of the film is simply footage of the newly liberated camps over a score of stark classical music. The narrator notes that people of all nationalities were found in the camps, including people of all religious or political creeds. There is no mention of the particular fate of Jewish people. The film states that 20 million people were killed and describes many of the familiar aspects of the Holocaust, including the medical experiments and the gas chambers.'] ["Like her Nazi documentaries of 1935, the short Tag der Freiheit: Unsere Wehrmacht  and the classic propaganda feature Triumph of the Will, Der Sieg des Glaubens documents the Fifth NSDAP Congress in a straight chronological format. It has no voiceover commentary and few explanatory titles. The activities captured by Riefenstahl's cameras include the welcoming of foreign diplomats and other party members and politicians at the Nuremberg train station; Adolf Hitler's arrival at the airport and his meeting with important party members; massive SA parades; and Hitler's speech on the tenth anniversary of the German National Socialist movement."] ['The film\'s opening credits state that the screenplay was written by W.R. Burnett and Frank Butler "From the Records of The United States Marine Corps", and includes many Marine Corps and military advisers. It also states that "In this picture, the action at Wake Island has been recorded as accurately as possible. However, the names of the characters are fictional and any similarity to the personal characteristics of the officers and men of the detachment is not intended." This is likely because the actual events were unfolding during the production of the film, and names were being protected. The film begins with a bugler playing "Taps" and an overlay of text stating that Americans have been accustomed to military victory, but cites Valley Forge and The Lost Battalion as examples of times where undermanned groups fought to the bitter end for America. It adds "Such a group was Marine Fighting Squadron 211 of Marine Aircraft Group 21 and the Wake Detachment of the First Defense Battalion, United States Marine Corps, The units which comprised the garrison at Wake Island." A map is shown with a voiceover giving a brief history of the US military on the island to November 1941. A new commanding officer has been assigned to Wake Island, Major Geoffrey Caton, USMC. He is presented a personalized cigarette case with the Eagle, Globe, and Anchor emblem by his daughter, Cynthia, at Pearl Harbor on his departure. He gives her money so she can have ice cream sodas while he is away. Another Marine is shown saying goodbye to his wife as he is deployed. A military contractor, Mr. McClosky, bids farewell to his Hawaiian hosts as he boards the Pan American Clipper, also bound for Wake Island. Aboard the plane, the first clash between McClosky and the "brass hat" Major Caton occurs when Caton suggests that McClosky needs a shave. McClosky tells him that he is a civilian, and does not take orders. Meanwhile on the island, two privates, Randall and Doyle, are lounging on the beach with a dog named Skipper, talking about life after the service. Randall wants to be a hog farmer,  and will be discharged in just a few days. They have a collection of glass floats. A new float appears, they argue, then fight over it, breaking it in the process. They begin to fight again, until the chow bell rings. They drop everything to run to the mess tent. While in line, they begin to torment a Corporal whose name happens to be Goebbels, but who is unrelated to the notorious Nazi with the same last name. Randall hears that Caton is on his way to become the new Commanding Officer and says "The honeymoons over! From now on you\'re Marines!" The next day, Caton goes on an inspection of the island and identifies Randall and Doyle as troublemakers. He disciplines them by having them dig a large slit trench by hand. McClosky has a construction contract for large trenches and living quarters, and is driving his civilian crew to complete the contract on time. There are numerous conflicts between the military and civilians including practicing for air raids. A Japanese special envoy arrives on the Clipper on his way to Washington, D.C. That evening, a dinner is held, Franklin Delano Roosevelt, and Japanese Emperor Hirohito are both toasted in hopes of peace. The next day is December 7th, 1941. Randall dresses in his civilian gear preparing to board the Clipper to go home, as he is now discharged from service. He is composing a telegram to his fiancee when the message comes in that the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor has occurred. The island goes on alert. A pilot, Lieutenant Bruce Cameron, talks to a mechanic as he prepares to board his fighter plane. The mechanic states that his wife was in Warsaw, and he should be glad that he\'s not married. Cameron states, "My wife\'s in Pearl Harbor." The fighters take off, and civilians are ordered into bomb shelters. McClosky comes in to complain about the air raid siren interrupting his work, and is informed about the Pearl Harbor attack. He is given the option to leave the island as soon as the Clipper is cleared to fly. Randall, still in civilian clothing, is not sure where to go, with the civilians or with the Marines. He is sent to a bomb shelter with the unarmed civilians as enemy planes approach. The Americans have only 4 fighters in the air, expecting to hold 8 in reserve, against 24 Japanese bombers. The Marines fire anti-aircraft from the ground. Marine flyers shoot down several Japanese planes, but sustain heavy damages on the ground, including several planes on the ground and most of the fuel. The Pan American Clipper is not damaged and is cleared to fly. Following the first bombing, Randall is searching for his dog before he will get on the plane, and is delaying takeoff. He is corralled by several Marines and brought to Major Caton, where he is informed that he is no longer a civilian since hostilities started, and he should put his uniform back on and get to his unit. McClosky has also decided to stay and cooperate with the military on the island by digging trenches and other shelters with his heavy equipment. The Clipper leaves without them. That night, Cameron, the pilot, is shown forging metal for plane parts as there are no spares. Caton comes in to tell him that his wife was killed at Pearl Harbor. Caton says that they are now the same, men who have lost their wives, and wherever bombs have been dropped, there are thousands more like them. The next day – Enemy ships approach. The Marines camouflage all equipment in an attempt to trick the Japanese. Caton orders his men into shelters and to hold their fire while the Japanese bombard the island and close the distance. Randall also mentions to Doyle that he now wants to raise chickens because hogs stink. The Japanese signal the Americans asking for their surrender. Caton does not answer. He asks Captain Lewis if he knows about Colonel William Prescott. He then reminds him of the story of The Battle of Bunker Hill and not firing "until you see the whites of their eyes". Caton waits until enemy ships have closed to 4700 yards before returning fire, and effectively turns back the landing attempt, sinking several ships in the process. Pilot Lieutenant Cameron, on a reconnaissance flight, spots a Japanese gunship 15 miles away which can target the island, but is out of range of the island\'s weapons. He states he can take out that ship if his fighter is stripped down to the minimum, carries only 15 gallons of fuel, and carries a double load of bombs. Caton approves the mission. Cameron is wounded by a Japanese fighter pilot after successfully bombing the ship, and lands the plane safely, but is dead when the plane is stopped. That night, he is buried, with Caton, then another Marine, reading from the Book of Job. Japanese planes are shown bombing the island again at 1030 on 12 December 1941, identified as the sixth attack according to a field message being sent. A fake newspaper headline shows "Wake Marines Repel 8th Attack" with an unseen date. Another headline reads "Wake Still Holds!" Dates onscreen show bombing raids on 17 through 21 December 1941. Caton talks to Captain Lewis and asks him if he would like to hop on a Navy patrol plane that is coming in, since he could give intelligence to the Navy Department in Honolulu. Lewis initially refuses, but Caton orders him to go and file his official report. Caton also sends a personal letter for his daughter. Some time later, reports come in to Caton\'s command post that the largest caliber ammunition is running out, so he has smaller guns spread around, and repositions his available men. Some Marines are shown having a meal in the field, including Randall and Doyle, discussing what they would be doing if they were back in civilization. Randall is called away to see something special, and it\'s Skipper, the dog he was searching for earlier. She\'s had puppies. There\'s brief debate since she is the only dog on the island, until they remember a tanker that was there before, evidently with a male dog aboard. The bugler then sounds general quarters. Japanese planes approach in large numbers, causing major damage and inflicting numerous casualties. Only one pilot is left, Captain Patrick, and his plane is damaged while defending the garrison. He bails out, and is seen parachuting over the beach, but is killed while still in his harness before landing. Corporal Goebbels goes to Doyle and Randall\'s position to check on their ammunition supply, and is greeted with a "Heil!" He then realized who had been tormenting him behind his back. They immediately make up and continue the fight. The Japanese again signal for the American surrender. Caton replies with "Come and get us." The battle continues, and losses mount. Civilians are raiding the bar and McClosky clears it, but not before grabbing 2 beers. Caton sends orders to all posts to act independently, and fire to protect themselves from landing parties. Communications fail. Caton orders the last man out of his command post with a written message, as McKluskey walks in, asking for a weapon. Caton hands him a helmet, a "brass hat", and tells him that he will find one for him. They leave together and make their way to an abandoned machine gun position. Caton is manning the gun, and McKlusky spots a grenade that has been thrown into the foxhole. He grabs it and throws it back out before is explodes. In a lull during the fighting, Caton remarks that McClosky has a good throwing arm. McClosky claims he played football for The University of Notre Dame, Class of 1928. Caton states that he played for The Virginia Military Institute, Class of 1928. McClosky pulls the beers from his pockets, and they toast the class of \'28. The Japanese land and begin to overrun the American positions. The main characters are all killed in action. The film ends with a voiceover stating that "This is not the end."'] ['In 1929, Italian dictator Benito Mussolini  is still faced with the 20-year long war waged by patriots in Libya to combat Italian colonization and the establishment of "The Fourth Shore"—the rebirth of a Roman Empire in Africa. Mussolini appoints General Rodolfo Graziani  as his sixth governor to Libya, confident that the eminently accredited soldier can crush the rebellion and restore the dissipated glories of Imperial Rome. Omar Mukhtar  leads the resistance to the fascists. A teacher by profession, guerrilla by obligation, Mukhtar had committed himself to a war that cannot be won in his own lifetime. Graziani controls Libya with the might of the Italian Army. Tanks and aircraft are used in the desert for the first time. The Italians also committed atrocities: killing of prisoners of war, destruction of crops, and hamletting populations behind barbed wire. Despite their bravery, the Libyan Arabs and Berbers suffered heavy losses, their relatively primitive weaponry was no match for mechanised warfare; despite all this, they continued to fight, and managed to keep the Italians from achieving complete victory for 20 years. Graziani was only able to achieve victory through deceit, deception, violation of the laws of war and human rights, and by the use of tanks and aircraft. Despite their lack of modern weaponry, Graziani recognised the skill of his adversary in waging guerrilla warfare. In one scene, Mukhtar refuses to kill a defenseless young officer, instead giving him the Italian flag to return with. Mukhtar says that Islam forbids him to kill captured soldiers and demands that he only fight for his homeland, and that Muslims are taught to hate war itself. In the end, Mukhtar is captured and tried as a rebel. His lawyer states that since Mukhtar had never accepted Italian rule, he cannot be tried as a rebel, and instead must be treated as a prisoner of war . The judge rejects this, and the film ends with Mukthar being executed by hanging.'] ['The film opens with a brief history of the B-17, its birth in 1935 and its proven war record at Midway and the Philippines. However, the narration states, the B-17 has yet to prove itself over Europe. The time and range needed for a successful bombing raid were not available in the European theatre, some people thought. The film then switches to a dramatized mission over Europe, with a captain telling his pilots what to bomb and where. The film then follows them on their bombing raid and back. At the end of the film, the many successful raids of the bomber are recounted, as well as the numbers of Germans they have shot down. The B-17 in Europe was a "mission accomplished".'] ['Porky Pig is the supervisor of the "Flockheed Eggcraft Factory", where dozens of hens lay eggs for the war effort (in this case, World War II to the tune of [[Powerhouse . The hens suddenly get distracted from their egg laying when a handsome rooster named Frankie  is heard singing outside. Frankie\'s renditions of "It Can\'t Be Wrong" by Dick Haymes and "As Time Goes By" (from [[Casablanca  causes all the hens to swoon. Porky rushes to investigate. Soon, he\'s auditioning for a new crooner; those showing up are caricatures of Nelson Eddy , Al Jolson , Jimmy Durante ("[[Lullaby of Broadway , Cab Calloway , and Bing Crosby  Porky asks the Bing Crosby rooster  to be the crooner, provoking a competition with Frankie. Between the two of them, the overexcited hens\' egg production is increased to a level beyond what Porky can handle, including a just-hatched hen chick laying an egg many times her own size. Surveying literal hills and mountains of eggs all over his farm, an impressed Porky asks the two roosters, "How did you ever m-m-make \'em lay all those eggs." The roosters demonstrate their technique by crooning at Porky, who lays a mountainful of eggs himself as a result.'] ['A warning of things to come is given in this featurette depicting a mock battle staged by German troops during the colorful ceremonies at Nuremberg on German Armed Forces Day 1935. The camera follows the soldiers from their early-morning preparations in their tent city as they march singing to the vast parade grounds where a miniature war involving infantry, cavalry, aircraft, flak guns and the first public appearance of Germany\'s new forbidden tank is presented before Hitler and thousands of spectators. The film ends with a montage of Nazi flags to the tune of "Das Deutschlandlied" and a shot of German planes flying overhead in a swastika formation.'] ['The plot of the film revolves around the life of seamen on board an anonymous aircraft carrier. Because of war time restrictions, the name of the aircraft carrier was disguised as "the Fighting Lady"; afterwards the ship\'s true name became public&nbsp;– she was the USS Yorktown. A few shots of aircraft landing were filmed aboard USS Ticonderoga. Frequently mentioned is the old adage that war is 99% waiting. The first half or so of the film is taken up with examining the mundane details of life on board the aircraft carrier as she sails through the Panama Canal and into the Pacific Ocean, finally seeing action at Marcus Island . The film provides aerial views of a series of airstrikes at Japanese bases in the Pacific theatre. Following an attack on Kwajalein in early 1944, intelligence reports that an armada of Japanese ships is massing near Truk, a major Japanese logistical base in the Carolines. The Fighting Lady and some of her task force are sent on a "hit and run" mission to neutralize it and return to Marcus, but not to attempt a landing. Once the ship returns from the massive, two-day Truk raid, it is then sent to the waters off the Marianas and participates in the famous "Marianas Turkey Shoot". At the very end some of the servicemen who appeared in the film are reintroduced to us, and the narrator informs us that they have died in battle.'] ['Opening with a shot of a statue of "the pioneer woman who helped win a continent", the film briefly outlines the way in which women could help prepare the country for the possibility of war. Among the various way women could help were: *working in a war materials manufacturing plant *sewing parachutes for US servicemen *attending free lectures on how to prepare nutritious meals on presumably rationed food *Joining the WAC or the Red Cross *donating blood There is also a segment on the types of costumes women would wear while engaged in war work. At the end of the film, the narrator explains women are vital to securing a healthy American home life and raising children "which has always been the first line of defense".'] ['The cartoon begins with music from Wagner\'s comic opera Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg before continuing into the title song. A German oom-pah band composed of Axis leaders Tojo on sousaphone, Göring on piccolo, Goebbels on trombone, Mussolini on bass drum and an unnamed man on snare drum marches through a small German town, where everything, even the clouds and trees, are shaped as swastikas, singing the virtues of the Nazi doctrine. Passing by Donald\'s house , they poke him out of bed with a bayonet to get ready for work. Because of wartime rationing, his breakfast consists of a piece of stale bread, coffee brewed from a single hoarded coffee bean, and an aromatic spray that tastes like bacon and eggs. The band shoves a copy of Mein Kampf in front of him for a moment of reading, then marches into his house, carrying the bass drum, and escorts him to a factory with Donald carrying the drum and Göring kicking him.  Upon arriving at the factory , Donald starts his 48-hour daily shift screwing caps onto artillery shells in an assembly line. Mixed in with the shells are portraits of the Führer, so he must perform the Hitler salute every time a portrait appears, all the while screwing the caps onto shells, much to Donald\'s disgust. Each new batch of shells is of a different size, ranging from minute shells to massive shells, as large as Donald if not larger. The pace of the assembly line intensifies (as in the Charlie Chaplin comedy [[Modern Times , and Donald finds it increasingly hard to complete all the tasks. At the same time, he is bombarded with propaganda messages about the superiority of the Aryan race and the glory of working for the Fuehrer. After a "paid vacation" that consists of making swastika shapes with his body for a few seconds in front of a painted backdrop of the Alps as exercise, Donald is ordered to work overtime. He has a nervous breakdown with hallucinations of artillery shells everywhere, some of which are snakes and birds, some sing and are the same shape of the marching band from the start, music and all. When the hallucinations clear, he finds himself in his bed, and realizes that the whole experience was a nightmare, but he sees the shadow of a figure holding its right hand up in the form of a Nazi Salute. He begins to do so himself until he realizes that it is the shadow of a miniature Statue of Liberty. Remembering he is in the United States, he embraces the statue, proud of his American citizenship. The short ends with a caricature of Hitler\'s angry face. After two sets of "Heils", a tomato is thrown at Hitler\'s face and forms the words The End.'] ['  The plot is a parody of the Three Little Pigs, told from a Second World War anti-German propaganda perspective. In this cartoon, the pigs go to war against Adolf Wolf , who is set on invading Pigmania. The two pigs who built their houses of straw and sticks claim they don\'t have to take precautions against the wolf, because they signed non-aggression pacts with him. The pig who built his house of stone, "Sergeant Pork" , does take his precautions and outfits his house with defense machinery. Adolf Wolf invades Pigmania, despite the two pigs arguing that he signed a treaty with them. He destroys their houses whereupon the pigs flee to the third pig\'s house. Then the Wolf and pigs start fighting. Towards the end of the cartoon Adolf Wolf is blown out of his bomber plane with the pigs\' Defense bonds and falls down to Earth, together with a bomb which blows him up to Hell. There he realizes he is dead and says: "Where am I? Have I been blown to... ?", whereupon a group of devils adds: "Aaaah, it\'s a possibility!", in reference to a then well known catchphrase by Jerry Colonna.'] ['Cristiana  is seen enjoying herself, dancing and drinking with other men. Mario  races down a dark road and calls Cristiana from a payphone with a sense of urgency. When she does not answer, he proceeds to her apartment and angrily pounds on the door and rings the bell. He demands a traditional relationship, and leaves when she refuses but tries to seduce him. Mario transfers to a desert fort in Tripolitania, where a heroic captain has recently perished in combat against the "rebels." Captain Santelia  distrusts Mario at first as a cowardly playboy. However, after the "rebels" steal some animals, the two pursue them with a squadron of camel-riding natives on a long and panoramic desert trek. Mario becomes ill, but eventually the two officers come to a mutual understanding and Mario disposes of a locket from Cristiana and stops reminiscing of their luxurious memories. Having caught up to the "rebels" at an oasis, a battle ensues; the "rebels" are defeated but the captain is killed. Meanwhile, Cristiana and a group of other tourists have arrived at the fort. A reconnaissance plane brings news to the fort of the battle, without knowing which officer has perished. Mario returns and elects to remain in Tripolitania, breaking up with Cristiana.'] ["While speeding on the road, Donald Duck runs over a nail on a horseshoe causing it to pop his tire, necessitating its replacement with the car's spare. He encounters difficulty lifting the car with his jack, removing the damaged tire, and repairing it with a patch. Unfortunately for him, all four tires immediately pop once he resumes driving , but he continues his trip undaunted on four flats."] ["Takako  is a teacher on an island in the inland sea off the coast of Hiroshima after world war II. During her summer holiday, she goes back to Hiroshima to visit the graves of her parents and younger sister, who were killed in the bomb attack. She sees a beggar and realizes he is a man called Iwakichi  who used to work for her parents, now burned on the face and partially blind. She visits him at his home and asks about his family. His grandson, Taro, is now in an institution. She visits the institution and finds the children barely have enough to eat. Takako offers to take Iwakichi and his grandson back to the island, but he refuses, running away. Takako then goes on to visit Natsue, who was another teacher at a kindergarten where she used to teach, and is now a midwife. Natsue has been rendered sterile by the atom bomb blast and she is discussing adopting a child. Natsue and Takako visit the site of the kindergarten, which is now destroyed, and Takako decides to visit the students of the kindergarten. The father of the first student she visits, Sanpei, has suddenly been taken ill from a radiation-related illness and dies just before she arrives. Another one of the students is terminally ill and dying in a church where many people with bomb-related injuries are gathered. After staying the night in Natsu's house, she then goes to visit another student, Heita. His sister , who has an injured leg, is just about to get married, and Takako dines with her. She talks to Heita's older brother  about the people who died or were injured in the war. She returns to Iwakichi's house and asks him again to let her take Taro back to the island. At first he refuses, then his wife persuades him to let Takako take Taro. However, Taro refuses to leave his grandfather. The grandfather sets Taro down for a meal, buys him new shoes, and sends him to Takako with a letter. Then he sets his house on fire. He survives the fire but is badly burned and eventually dies. Taro and Takako go back to the island, carrying Iwakichi's ashes."] ['The film follows the crew of a U-Boat, from their life the day before they ship off - meeting their family and sweethearts, spending a last night at a club, etc. Then they ship, soon boarding a Dutch merchant ship, which they inspect for contraband. The boarding of the ship is shown being done professionally and non-confrontationally. While they are boarding the ship, a Royal Navy ship spots them and tries to torpedo them, but the U-boat ends up sinking it.'] ['La Chinoise is a loose adaptation of Fyodor Dostoyevsky\'s 1872 novel, The Possessed.{{Citation needed|date"godard70">{{cite book | last1  Colin | first2  | title  | publisher  2005 | pages  February | isbn "godard70"/> The appearance of Francis Jeanson in the film seems to correspond with the character of Stepan Trofimovich Verkhovensky  in The Possessed. Indeed, much like Stepan Trofimovich, Jeanson is an intellectual and philosopher who serves as a kind of father-figure/mentor to Véronique — and his early example as a supporter of terrorism makes him responsible for influencing much of the destruction which is to follow. Eventually, the train arrives at its destination and Véronique sets off to the hotel where the Soviet Minister of Culture is staying. She mistakenly reverses the digits of the room number and ends up killing the wrong man. As in The Possessed, the revolutionary activities of the Aden Arabie cell have proved unsuccessful.'] ['{{plot}} The cartoon begins with a voiceover saying that a film captured from the Japanese is now about to be released publicly. The narrator states that it is a typical example of vicious "Japanazi" propaganda. The film begins with a rooster who is about to crow. When he does, however, he changes into a vulture with glasses and buck teeth, while rubbing his hands. Behind him, the rising sun of the Japanese Rising Sun Flag appears. The voiceover says: "Ohh, cock-a-doodle-doo, Prease!", in a further emphasis that this vulture is Japanese. The first segment is "Civilian Defense". The voiceover proudly presents the Japanese air raid siren system, which turns out to be two Japanese wearing kimonos taking turns in pricking each other in the buttocks with a needle, a possible nod to the obscene Japanese hand gesture, kancho. Then a listening post is shown, which is literally a pole with key holes in it, and an aircraft spotter, which is literally someone painting spots on a plane. The camera then moves to the fire prevention headquarters which have burned down to the ground. The surprised voiceover exclaims: "Ohh, Son a gun. Too rate!" Then a lesson about incendiary bombs is given. The text states that one should never approach incendiary bombs for the first five seconds. A small Japanese man with an umbrella appears, reads the text, checks his watch  to count the seconds and then roasts a sausage above the dynamite stick. Then he explodes and reappears out of the explosion pit without his face, but his glasses and hat still in the same place. The figure then says "Oh, rosing face, prease! Rosing face!" as a pun on the Asian concept of "losing face" or shaming oneself in public. The second segment is "Kitchen Hints", which stars General Hideki Tojo as a cook. Tojo explains how a delicious Japanese club sandwich is made: a bread ration card is sliced in two, a piece of a meat ration card is put in between, then it is eaten and afterwards Tojo hits himself over the head with a club. With a large hump on his head he then starts playing with his lips. The third segment is a style show which shows the new Japanese victory suit: no cuffs, no pleats, no lapel and ... no suit! A small Japanese is shown at this conclusion, shivering in his underpants in the snow, while trying to warm himself to a candle. Then "Red Toga-San" brings us the highlights of today’s Japanese sports, while talking out of an iris. Suddenly the iris fades out and his false teeth get stuck into the circle. Then they clatter to the ground. The Japanese "king of swat", his head shaped exactly like his trophy, is shown in his baseball outfit. Suddenly he spots a fly, which he tries to kill with a fly swatter, but misses and spins around in a circle. The fly grabs the swatter and clobbers him down. Afterwards it takes his trophy and flies away. The fifth segment shows personalities who made headlines that week. A skull is seen in the title which changes into the face of Admiral Isoroku Yamamoto sitting at his desk. He introduces himself and then leaves his desk, while walking on stilts to look bigger. He tells the audience that he "will dictate peace time in the White House". An editor\'s note covers the screen informing the audience that: "this is the room reserved for admiral Yamamoto." When the card is removed an electric chair is shown and Chopin\'s funeral march is quoted. Then General Masaharu Homma is shown, who, according to the voice-over, demonstrates "Japanese coolness and calmness during air raid attacks." Homma does however exactly the opposite and runs around in panic before ducking into a tree trunk. When he sticks his head out of the trunk, a skunk does the same. Disgusted by the smell of the Japanese he ducks and reappears with a gas mask on his head. "Flashes from the Axis" is the next segment. A monocled anthropomorphic donkey identified by a sign on his desk reading "Lord Hee Haw - Chief Wind Bag"  brays loudly before announcing into a microphone that "the Führer had just received a postcard from a friend vacationing abroad". Adolf Hitler is shown reading the message: "Wish you were here" and then turns the card around to see the picture. It depicts Rudolph Hess in a prison camp . Hitler looks up in amazement and wiggles his nose. The next shot shows the "celebrated" ruins of ancient Rome and then cuts to Benito Mussolini sitting on a modern Roman ruin, titled "Ruin nr. 1". The next segment focuses on the Japanese navy achievements. A large submarine is shown "three weeks ahead of schedule", according to the voiceover. Indeed, they are still working on it while it sails under water. When the submarine sails out of sight a small worker hurries behind it, only to stop when a giant crash is heard and the entire crew is apparently dead. He freezes, takes his hat off and Taps is played. Then he shakes his shoulders and returns the way he came. After this, a group of Japanese submarine sailors are shown using "intricate and technical machinery", which are actually pinball machines, gambling machines and a peep show machine. Then a Japanese sailor is shown piloting a Kaiten human torpedo on a dangerous mission. The voice-over tells us that the pilot does not care about the danger, but when he asks him if he has anything to say the pilot exclaims: "No, nothing, except...RET {{sic}}  ME OUT OF HERE!", apparently stuck in the torpedo. The final scenes are again literal interpretations of certain marine boats and air force planes. A plane is shot into the air with a large catapult, another plane is shown with a tricycle landing gear , an aircraft carrier is presented  and a mine sweeper . When this ship accidentally explodes, a buoy is dropped in the sea with the note: "Regrettable incident please". Then the cartoon irises out.'] ['In 1918 a young and simple Mongol herdsman and trapper is cheated out of a valuable fox fur by a European capitalist fur trader. Ostracized from the trading post, he escapes to the hills after brawling with the trader who cheated him. In 1920 he becomes a Soviet partisan, and helps the partisans fight for the Soviets against the occupying British army. However he is captured by the British when they try to requisition cattle from the herdsmen at the same time as the commandant meets with a reincarnated Grand Lama. After the trapper is shot, the army discovers an amulet that suggests he is a direct descendant of Genghis Khan. They find him still alive, so the army restores his health and plans to use him as the head of a puppet regime. The trapper is thus thrust into prominence as he is placed in charge of the puppet government. By the end, however, the "puppet" turns against his masters in an outburst of fury. Historical inaccuracy It has been pointed out " that the English never had been in Mongolia, and  that what the cunning Englishmen were doing in the film, the cunning Russians were doing in real life."Otto Mänchen-Helfen, Journey to Tuva, Los Angeles 1992 , p.208 Unlike "October 1917" or "The Battleship Potemkin", which are about revolutions in European Russia, "Storm Over Asia" concerns itself with the British occupation of Southeastern Siberia and Northern Tibet. The British and the French had supported Russia on a massive scale with war materials. After the treaty, it looked like much of that material would fall into the hands of the Germans. Under this pretext began allied intervention in the Russian Civil War with the United Kingdom and France sending troops into Russian ports. There were violent confrontations with troops loyal to the Bolsheviks.'] ['Farmer Heinz Weimann returns to his small Bavarian village of Bärenweiler after several years in Soviet captivity. He tells his neighbors, who have been subject to anti-Soviet propaganda disseminated by the Nazis and the Americans, that the Soviets have treated him well. His old sweetheart Käthe has married another man, Fritz Vollmer, but he is not concerned with that. His joy on returning home is interrupted when the mayor announces that the American Army intends to destroy the village and to build an airfield on its lands, in preparation for a confrontation with the Soviet Union. The people turn to the government and to the local bishop, but receive no assistance. Led by Heinz, they turn to peaceful protests. All residents refuse to leave their homes, except Vollmer. Heinz is arrested and imprisoned. Trade unions from throughout the Federal Republic of Germany mobilize to aid the villagers. When the United States Military Police arrives to evict the inhabitants, thousands of workers arrive in Bärenweiler, and the Americans are forced to leave and abandon their plans to build the airfield.'] ["The early portions of the film deal with the history of the Corps, from Colonial times to the 1942. The film's midsection details the arduous training procedure of the Few and the Proud at Parris Island and elsewhere. Finally, wartime newsreel footage is adroitly blended with dramatized re-enactments to illustrate the contributions, and the utter necessity of the marines in World War II."] ["An American astronomer obtains images of Mars suggesting large-scale environmental changes are occurring at a pace that can only be accomplished by intelligent beings with advanced technology. At the same time a colleague claims to have been contacting Mars by radio, first through an exchange of mathematical concepts and then through answers to specific questions. The transmissions claim that Mars is a utopia. This revelation leads to political and economic chaos, especially in the Western hemisphere. The U.S. government imposes a news blackout after the first four messages, only to reveal much later that Earth's people can be saved if they return to the worship of God. Revolution sweeps the globe, including the Soviet Union. But doubts about the authenticity of the messages remain. An ex-Nazi who developed the original communication device prototype wants to announce that he has been duping the Americans with false messages from a secret Soviet-funded radio transmitter high in the Andes mountains of South America. The mystery thickens as it appears the messages may have continued even after the secret transmitter was destroyed in an avalanche."] ['Mrs. Kay Miniver  and her family live a comfortable life at a house called "Starlings" in a village outside London. The house has a large garden, with a private landing stage on the river Thames, and a motorboat. Her husband Clem  is a successful architect. They have three children: the youngsters Toby and Judy , and an older son Vin  at university. They have live-in staff: Gladys the housemaid  and Ada the cook . As World War II looms, Vin comes down from university and meets Carol Beldon , granddaughter of Lady Beldon  from nearby Beldon Hall. Despite initial disagreements—mainly contrasting Vin\'s idealistic attitude to class differences with Carol\'s practical altruism—they fall in love. Vin proposes to Carol after a yacht club dinner-dance. They eventually marry, but as the war comes closer to home, Vin feels he must "do his bit" and enlists in the Royal Air Force, qualifying as a fighter pilot. He is posted to a base near to his parents\' home. Together with other boat owners, Clem volunteers to take his motorboat to assist in the Dunkirk evacuation. One morning, Kay hears a plane crash nearby. The wounded, fanatical German pilot  hides in her garden and then holds her at gunpoint. She feeds him, calmly disarms him, and then calls the police. Soon after, Clem comes home. Lady Beldon meets with Kay to try and convince her to talk Vin out of marrying Carol. Lady Beldon is unsuccessful, and admits defeat when it occurs to her that there is nothing she can do to stop it. Later, Kay and her family hide in a bomb shelter during an air raid, and attempt to keep their minds off the bombing by reading Alice\'s Adventures in Wonderland, which Clem refers to as a "lovely story." After, parts of the house have been destroyed, and Vin comes home. At the flower show\'s competition, the entry of the local stationmaster Mr. Ballard  named the "Mrs. Miniver" rose is declared the winner over Lady Beldon\'s rose. Afterward, Kay and Carol drive Vin to join his squadron just as an air attack begins. On their return home, Kay stops the car; Carol is wounded in an attack from a German plane. She dies a few minutes after they reach home. Kay is devastated. When Vin returns from battle, he is told the terrible news. The local inhabitants assemble at the badly damaged church where their vicar  affirms their determination in a powerful sermon: {{cquote}} Vin then moves over to Mrs. Beldon and stands with her as the congregation stand in unity and sing "Onward, Christian Soldiers" at the top of their voices, while through a gaping hole in the bombed-out roof in the sky above can be seen flight after flight of RAF fighters in the V-for-Victory formation heading out to face the enemy.'] ['{{plot}} At a staff meeting in Washington, D.C. in 1941, two officers of the U.S. Army Air Forces  debate the importance of bombardiers to the mission of the Air Force. Major "Chick" Davis ([[Pat O\'Brien  argues that the day is coming when the bombardier, using the top secret "American bombsight",  will be seen as the "spearhead of our striking force." Capt. "Buck" Oliver  belittles the argument and states that his experience from a year of observing the RAF fight the German Luftwaffe proves that getting a plane "so close that a bomb can\'t miss" is the only way to succeed, so that all else must be discarded in a quest for new pilots. Davis challenges Oliver to a "bombing duel" to test their respective points of view. Oliver, using a dive bomber, misses the stationary target with all his bombs, while Davis, bombing from 20,000 feet in a B-17 Flying Fortress, succeeds in hitting his target with his first bomb. Some time later, Oliver recommends that the civilian flying school of a friend, the fictional "Hughes Field" in "Almansor", New Mexico, be leased for the location of the new Bombardier Training School. As the school\'s first class nears graduation, Major Davis arrives, along with his right hand man, M/Sgt. Archie Dixon , to take command. Davis is discomfited by the presence of so many civilian women clerks, including the field\'s former owner, Burton "Burt" Hughes ([[Anne Shirley , the daughter of a respected Air Corps general and now a secretary under terms of the lease. Davis is brusque with Burt and she observes he could use some training in manners. Buck Oliver arrives with the next cadet class, which includes Tom Hughes , Burt\'s brother. Davis is mildly disturbed to learn that Oliver and Burt have a romantic history, and the two friendly rivals continue to butt heads over the importance of bombardiers. Oliver, who heads the group of pilots flying bombers for cadet training, refuses to take them seriously because they will become sergeants upon graduation, not commissioned officers. Davis attempts to make up with Burt, and solicits the War Department to commission the bombardiers. Preflight ground school is intensive and with practice bombing, reveals the shortcomings of many of the cadets. Tom Hughes has trouble with fear-induced air sickness, Joe Connors  with committing to being a bombardier, and "Chito" Rafferty (Richard Martin with the lack of women with whom to socialize. Cadet Pete Jordan is not up to the complexity of the training and soon washes out. Connors reveals to Davis that his problem is the result of an attempt by a spy to buy information from him about the bombsight, and helps Davis lure the spy into a trap where he is arrested. Cadet Paul Harris, brilliant in ground school and a hero for saving his bomber from destruction when a flare goes awry, is conscience stricken that his mother thinks he will be a murderer of innocent civilians. When a bomber develops mechanical problems and the crew is ordered to bail out, Tom Hughes panics in fear and refuses to jump. His friend , Cadet Jim Carter ([[Walter Reed , crash lands the plane, claiming that he is the one who panicked, but Hughes confesses afterward. Facing an elimination board, he successfully persuades Davis to recommend he be given a second chance. On a subsequent flight, Buck Oliver passes out from anoxia, nearly tossing Carter out of the opened bomb bay without a parachute. Tom Hughes falls to his death saving Carter\'s life. Oliver is subjected to a board of investigation but exonerated because his actions resulted from the failure of his oxygen equipment. Guilt-stricken and unable to face Burt, Oliver transfers out of the school. Shortly after, America is drawn into the war by the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor. Davis, promoted to colonel, becomes a B-17 group commander, and awkwardly proposes marriage to Burt. She stifles the proposal by telling Davis that he reminds her of her father. The group  leaves for a secret island base in the Pacific, and Burt passionately kisses Jim Carter goodbye, revealing her choice. At the base, Buck Oliver, now a major, joins the group just as it is about to fly a secret night mission to bomb an aircraft factory in Nagoya, Japan. Oliver\'s assignment is bomb with incendiaries to set the target on fire a half hour before the arrival of the group, which Davis will lead at high altitude. Joe Connors is Oliver\'s bombardier and Sgt. Dixon his tailgunner. Flying low, Oliver\'s plane is shot down before he can drop his bombs, and Connors remains at his post, sacrificing his life, to destroy the bombsight, thus fulfilling an oath he took upon entry into Bombardier School. Oliver and the remainder of his crew, including Dixon, are captured. Their Japanese captors execute the other crew members to coerce Oliver and Dixon into revealing the location of their base, but Dixon overwhelms his guard and attempts to escape. The stretchers used to carry the dead Americans are stamped USA Earthquake Relief 1923. He is machine gunned in the attempt, but the shots also set fire to a truck carrying barrels of gasoline. Oliver drives the burning truck throughout the factory, setting fire to its camouflage netting and fulfills his mission, knowing he will be killed by his own planes. The B-17 group fights off Japanese fighters, is riddled by flak, but overcomes the reluctance of the bombardiers to bomb their compatriots and successfully destroys the target.'] ['The film recounts the life of a young député who joins the Freemasons in order to relaunch his career. He thus learns of how the Freemasons are conspiring with the Jews and the Anglo-American nations to encourage France into a war against Germany.'] ['The film tells the story of an aristocratic Chinese woman leading a group of Chinese fighters against Japan during World War II.Synopsis based on {{cite web}}'] ['German bombers are failing to make it to Moscow in World War II, so Hitler announces his decision via a radio broadcast to personally fly a heavy bomber to attack the Russians. On the way to Moscow, soviet gremlins sneak onto the plane in flight and without Hitler\'s knowledge, begin to dismantle it. They sing We Are Gremlins from the Kremlin to the tunes of the popular Russian songs Ochi Chyornye  and Eh, uchnem . Hitler eventually discovers the gremlins, and tries to retaliate. He fails, being severely frightened by several gremlins holding a mask of Joseph Stalin, and the gremlins succeed in disabling him and ejecting him from the bomber by cutting a hole in the fuselage beneath him. As he falls, Hitler comes to and realizes the plane is right behind him in a power dive. He tries to outrun the plane and to hide behind a small sapling upon landing, but the plane alters course as seen by its shadow and both Hitler and the plane are driven into the ground. The tail of the airplane with its swastika insignia erupts from the ground as a headstone. The short ends with the gremlins celebrating in victory as Hitler pops out of the ground with a paraphrased version of Lew Lehr\'s catch phrase, "Nazis is duh cwaziest peoples!" A gremlin pounds Hitler back into the ground with a sledgehammer, ending the film under Clampett\'s signature "bee-woop" vocalization.'] ["Dr. Karl Kassel  comes to America to rally support for the Nazi cause among German-Americans. He instructs his audience at a German restaurant that the Führer has declared war on the evils of democracy and that as Germans, they should carry out his wishes. Kurt Schneider , an unemployed malcontent, joins the cause and eventually becomes a spy for the group. A letter written by Schneider to a liaison in Scotland is intercepted by a British Military Intelligence officer , leading to the ring's downfall. FBI agent Ed Renard  is assigned to the case, and is able to capture Schneider and extract a confession. Through Schneider, Renard is led to Hilda Kleinhauer , then Kassel's mistress Erika Wolff , and eventually the ringleader himself. While the FBI manages to capture many members of the ring and their accomplices, several, including Kassel, are secretly spirited back to Germany, but some ultimately face a worse fate there. The character and event portrayed by Ward Bond as an American Legionnaire is based on an actual event that occurred in late April 1938 when approximately 30 World War I American Legion Veterans stood up to the Bund in New York City during a celebration of Hitler's birthday. The veterans were severely beaten and later Cecil Schubert, who suffered a fractured skull, was personally recognized by Mayor La Guardia for his bravery. After the Duquesne Spy Ring was rounded up and convicted in 1941, this was no longer an idea that could be considered propaganda but a warning about what could and did happen in the US before and during the war. In 1946, Robinson appeared in a post-war anti-Nazi film, The Stranger."] ['This is mockumentary, in which the success of the economic blockade of Nazi Germany is highlighted in a humorous manner via a series of sketches.'] ["The film begins with a male narrator explaining where Midway Island is and its strategic importance. About five minutes into the film the format changes somewhat, with more leisurely pictures of the GIs at work on the island, and a female voice over. The female voice over takes the personality of a middle aged woman from Springfield, Ohio, who is a mother-type figure pointing out how she recognizes such and such boy from her home town. Then stock footage of the boys' mothers and sisters back home is introduced. Abruptly the narrative turns to the battle itself with approximately five minutes dedicated to the defense of the island, the naval battle, and the aftermath. At the end the various known Japanese losses are shown  and then brushed over with red paint."] 