["When an electrical power failure occurs, Mrs. Hilyard, a wealthy widow recuperating from a broken hip, becomes trapped between floors in the cage-like elevator she has installed in her mansion. With her son Malcolm away for a summer weekend, she relies on the elevator's emergency alarm to attract attention, but the only response comes from an alcoholic derelict, George, who enters the home, ignores her pleas and steals some small items. The wino sells them to a fence, then visits his prostitute friend, Sade, and tells her of the treasure trove he has stumbled upon. The expensive goods George fenced attracts the attention of three young hoodlums, Randall, Elaine, and Essie. The trio follows George and Sade back to the Hilyard home, where they conduct an orgy of violence, killing George the wino and locking Sade in a closet. Randall then pulls himself up to the elevator and taunts Mrs. Hilyard with a note left behind by her son Malcolm, in which he threatens suicide because of her domineering manner. Shocked by the revelation, Mrs. Hilyard struggles with Randall, escapes the elevator, and crawls out of the house. Randall follows and, as he is attempting to drag her back inside, Mrs. Hilyard gouges his eyes and escapes his clutches. The blinded assailant stumbles into the street and is run over by a passing automobile, whereupon police arrive to arrest the surviving intruders and comfort the victim."] ["The opening scene of the film sets the tone. Claire Marrable  is recently widowed and at the funeral, she frantically removes flowers from her husband's coffin, while eerie music plays in the background. A few days later, her husband's will is revealed by the junior partner of a law firm : her husband made bad investments and left nothing to her except a briefcase, a butterfly collection and a stamp collection. The home itself, and the furnishings in it, do not belong to Claire Marrable. Marrable goes ballistic, smashing the butterfly collection to smithereens and then tearfully frets about what lies in her future. At the lawyer's prodding, she remembers that she has a distant nephew in Arizona. Forward a few months: Marrable is comfortably ensconced in a ranch home outside Tucson, Arizona. We had seen her murder what we later understand to be one of her housekeepers/companion. She has a penchant for successfully growing pine trees, even out in the hot desert. She lives with a housekeeper, Miss Tinsley . One evening, Miss Tinsley asks Marrable for an update on the stocks she has purchased through Marrable; this upsets Marrable, who threatens immediately to sell the stocks, even at a loss, to rid herself, and the housekeeper, of the anxiety. Upon arrival of a new pine tree from a nursery, Marrable demands that Miss Tinsley go out in the cool night to help her plant the tree. When the two women arrive at the recently dug hole for the tree, Marrable claims her watch has fallen in the hole and asks Miss Tinsley to jump in the hole to retrieve it. When the housekeeper searches for the watch, Marrable grabs a shovel and whacks the housekeeper over the head, then buries her in the hole, using the pine tree as a testament to her latest conquest. We then see five pine trees, in varying size in a long shot of the garden, each in different stages of growth, suggesting this process has been repeated. Ruth Gordon as Alice Dimmock appears and wins the position of sixth companion, serving Mrs. Marrable well and to her employer's liking, but, in fact, Dimmock is investigating the disappearance of the last victim whom we learn had been Dimmock's own companion. After much intrigue and suspense, another murder is committed, atypical of the previous, plus two more attempted murders, until finally Mrs. Marrable's guilt is exposed, and the enormous value of the stamp collection left to her by her dead husband is inadvertently revealed."] ['A wealthy woman is murdered by her twin sister, when the twin realizes that the wealthy sister had lied to the twin years earlier about being pregnant by the twin’s boyfriend in order to steal him away and marry him. The twin sister then takes over her wealthy sister’s identity. However, she soon finds herself in dire straits when her impersonation is discovered by her dead sister\'s lover and he begins to blackmail her. She simultaneously discovers that her twin had murdered her husband with the help of the lover. When the police discover this as well, the twin is arrested for the murder that her sister had committed. She is tried, found guilty, and sentenced to death. TRIVIA: One of the lines, spoken by Bette Davis: "What a Dump!!" is heard in the film. That line was originally heard in the earlier Bette Davis film: "Beyond the Forest" . The film takes place in Los Angeles, and Beverly Hills. The interior scenes took place inside inside and outside the grounds of the Greystone Mansion in Beverly Hills. The bar scene took place at the corner of Temple and Figueroa in Downtown Los Angeles. The burial scene took place inside the Rosedale Cemetery in Hollywood. {{Reflist}}'] ['Mrs. Forrest, in the eyes of the staff and children at an orphanage, is a sweet, kind-mannered and children-loving widow, who throws a lavish annual Christmas party at her mansion, Forrest Grange  for ten of the best-mannered children at the orphanage. But secretly, she is a demented, sad and miserable woman who keeps the mummified remains of her daughter Katharine in a nursery room in the attic, singing lullabies to her and trying to contact her spirit with the assistance of  psychic Mr. Benton. He fools Forrest into believing that the voice of Clarine, one of the servants, during the fake séances is that of Katharine. Christopher and Katy Coombs are orphaned brother and sister. Christopher has a wild imagination, telling stories about dragons and witches that frighten the other orphans. When he and his sister are not included in the list of ten orphans for the Christmas party at Auntie Roo\'s mansion, he and Katy sneak into the car of Inspector Willoughby, who transfers the orphans to Forrest Grange, and are warmly welcomed by Auntie Roo. Auntie Roo is surprised to see the resemblance of her daughter Katharine to Katy, and becomes more and more focused on her. Katy is missing as the party ends and the other orphans leave. Auntie Roo promises to find her and send her back. Christopher realizes that Katy is not just missing, but was kidnapped by Auntie Roo. Meanwhile, Albie, the young, sadistic butler, discovers that Auntie Roo has Katy locked in the nursery room. He blackmails her into giving him £2,000 by threatening to reveal her secret to the police unless she pays to keep him quiet. After this, he and Clarine depart from the mansion and leave her alone with Katy. When no one believes Christopher about seeing Auntie Roo singing lullabies to mummified Katharine, or that Katy has really been abducted, he runs away to the mansion but ends up trapped inside too. Auntie Roo wants to replace Katy for Katharine, but in Christopher\'s mind, he thinks Auntie Roo is really a witch wanting to devour him and his sister. Auntie Roo prepares a dinner for the New Year\'s coming, while Christopher assists her. He steals the key to the nursery room. After Christopher frees Katy, Auntie Roo chases them to the kitchen where Christopher tries to protect them with a knife. Knocking it from his hand with a piece of wood, Auntie Roo corners them in the pantry and locks the door. Auntie Roo hears in her mind her daughter shouting for her and runs to her coffin in the attic. When she tries to touch the corpse\'s face, it disintegrates to dust. Auntie Roo returns to the kitchen in a highly agitated state yelling "I have nothing, I have nothing." She turns the hour glass over to time her cooking and starts chopping potatoes with a large cleaver. She then hears the children from the pantry calling to her to let them out, but she resists listening to them. Katy then says "Please, mommy", touching the heart of Auntie Roo. Completely lost in her delusions she opens the door to embrace Katy . Christopher knocks things from the high shelf causing Auntie Roo to fall. The children lock the door but Auntie Roo begins hacking at it with a cleaver. Christopher and Katy place the fire-wood he had been fetching at the door and set it on fire with paraffin . Smashing through parts of the door with the cleaver Auntie Roo sees the fire and it comes into the pantry surrounding her. Auntie Roo, deep in her psychosis, falls in a corner. The children emerge from the smoked-filled building, carrying the almost forgotten teddy bear that belonged to Katharine , while Mrs. Forrest, surrounded by fire, shouts at Katy to come back to her. Outside, the orphans meet Auntie Roo\'s butcher, Mr. Harrison, who is delivering a whole piglet by horse-cart. He sees the smoke inside and drives off to call the fire brigade. Katy realizes she was to cook the pig, but Christopher says they were to be eaten after it. When he leaves, Christopher quips, "Bloody good fire", while inside, the whole cellar goes up in flames. The fire brigade arrives and puts out the fire but are unable to rescue Mrs. Forrest. Inspector Willoughby will take the children back to the orphanage. Still outside, the orphanage doctor, Dr. Mason, comments "Poor little devils. They\'ll probably have nightmares till the day they die". Christopher and Katy smile at each other, departing from the burned mansion, with Christopher ending the tale by saying "Hansel and Gretel knew that the wicked witch could not harm anyone else and they were happy. They also knew that with the wicked witch\'s treasure they would not be hungry again. So they lived happily ever after."'] ['Ten year old Joey Fane returns home from the special school he has attended since the death of his toddler sister. But at home he creates a terrible fuss, moving from the bedroom Nanny has prepared for him to one with a strong lock and access to the fire escape, refusing to eat anything Nanny cooks and adamant that Nanny shall not come near him. He even accuses Nanny of trying to kill him. Nanny runs the Fane household, but in practice infantilizes the women of the Fane family. Everyone assumes Joey is deeply disturbed and dangerous, but it emerges he is quite right to be afraid of Nanny.'] ['The movie starts with a Hearst Metrotone newsreel from the 1930s that tells of the Iowa murder of Ellie Banner by Leonard Hill and Wesley Bruckner. As they are shown being loaded into a paddywagon following the decree of life sentences in prison, the focus shifts to their mothers, Helen Hill  and Adelle Bruckner , as they fight their way through a crowd to their car. Once in the car, the grainy footage shifts to color, and Helen reveals that someone in the crowd cut the palm of her left hand. Soon after arriving home and tending to her wound, Helen receives an anonymous phone call from a man who claims, "I\'m the one who cut you.... I wanted to see you bleed." This caller threatens to make the mothers pay for the sins of their sons. Helen and Adelle change their names, leave Iowa and head off to Hollywood, where Adelle opens a dance academy for little girls who want to be the next Shirley Temple. Soon after their arrival, Hamilton Starr , an elocution teacher offers his services to Adelle\'s school, and she takes him up on his offer, much to Helen\'s chagrin, as Helen is openly frightened of the menacing man. Soon, the threatening phone calls resume and Helen believes a strange man is watching their home from a street corner. She has hallucinations as well, especially at one point of a show where she think she sees Starr with a knife. Adelle falls in love with Lincoln Palmer , the father of one of her students, and Helen grows increasingly jealous of the budding relationship. Helen takes solace in her faith, religiously listening to a radio show hosted by evangelist Sister Alma . Helen\'s jealousy of Adelle\'s romance with Lincoln leads to a fight between the two, at which point, Adelle demands that Helen move out. Adelle then heads off for her date with Linc. As Helen readies herself to move out, a mysterious intruder enters the house, walks up the staircase, and calls out her real name. Helen reacts by pushing him down the stairs. When he lands at the bottom, his head is gashed open, blood seeping across the floor, and Helen envisions both her late husband, who was mutilated by a plow, and the dead Ellie Banner. Adelle arrives home to find the dead stranger and, fearing more publicity, decides that they must dispose of the body. As the rain pounds down, she and Helen drag the dead man into the street and dump him into an open hole adjacent to their home where crews had been doing construction. The body is discovered the next morning, and it is presumed the man fell into the hole to his death. Helen\'s guilt builds and she pays a visit to the church to see Sister Alma and atone for her sins. Sister Alma offers her forgiveness, but an irrational Helen makes a spectacle of herself and has to be dragged away by Adelle. Off-screen, Helen sees a doctor and is ordered to bed rest. Adelle goes to a miniature golf course with Linc, where he proposes to her. He drives her home to make preparations to elope that evening. Soon after arriving home, Adelle notices that Helen is not in her room and follows a trail of blood out the back door and down to the rabbit cage, where she finds Helen\'s beloved pet rabbits slaughtered. Helen steps out of the shadows and reveals that she killed them as well as also pushed her husband off a plow to his death. Adelle leads Helen back into the house and is phoning Sister Alma, when she lets it slip that she plans to wed Lincoln. Helen reacts by pulling a knife from the pocket of her robe and stabbing Adelle in the back, numerous times. Just after Adelle falls down dead, the doorbell chimes. Helen answers the door and finds a detective, who shows her a photo of the man she pushed down the staircase. When she claims not to recognize him, the detective reveals the man was Ellie Banner\'s boyfriend, who had come to California with plans to murder the ladies. A little while later, Lincoln arrives, expecting to whisk Adelle away for their elopement. From the street, he can hear someone pounding away "Goody Goody" on the piano. He enters the house calling out Adelle\'s name and follows the sounds of the piano up the staircase to the rehearsal hall. There, he finds Helen giddily playing the song and Adelle, dressed in her signature dance costume, propped up and tied to a ladder on stage. The music grows more and more frantic as Helen laughs, and the camera moves in for a final closeup.'] ['Barbara Covett  teaches history at a comprehensive school in London. A lonely old spinster, Barbara\'s only "intimate relationship" is with herself by means of a diary. When a new, younger teacher, Sheba Hart , starts at the school, Barbara feels drawn to her and believes that she "may be the one". Barbara discovers that Sheba is having an affair with a student, Steven Connolly ([[Andrew Simpson , and confronts her. When Sheba asks her not to tell the school administration until Christmas so that she can be with her family, Barbara explains she has no intention of telling, as long as she ends the relationship. However, Sheba does not end the affair with Steven, causing Barbara to taunt her emotionally and draw her down, leading her to end the affair with Steven. In months passing, Barbara\'s grasp on Sheba slowly starts to take hold, with Barbara manipulating and emotionally blackmailing her, causing her attentions to be divided between her family and Barbara. When Barbara\'s cat dies and Sheba\'s loyalties are easily divided, Sheba\'s husband Richard shouts in anger that her friend is being an evident pain and that his wife is being twisted by Barbara. Alone and feeling betrayed, Barbara seeks revenge by revealing Sheba\'s affair to a fellow teacher who comes to her asking her if Sheba is interested in him. The fellow teacher spreads the "playground rumour" to Steven\'s mother. Mrs. Connolly then comes to Sheba\'s home and hits Sheba. Afterwards, Sheba and her husband Richard bitterly argue. In Barbara\'s voice-over, she reveals she is glad that they are arguing, knowing that Sheba will come to her for comfort, which had been Barbara\'s plan to start with. The next day, the media, as well as the school administration, are alerted, and Sheba\'s affair and her life are turned upside down by the collapse of her marriage, the destroyed relationship with her children and the loss of her job. Barbara is fired from the school after denying to the headmaster that she knew of the relationship; he confronts her with a copy of a restraining order taken out against Barbara by another fellow teacher whom she had previously befriended. Sheba ends up moving into Barbara\'s house, believing that the affair became known because Steven confessed it to his mother, but Sheba soon finds Barbara\'s diary and learns that it was Barbara who leaked the story of the affair, on account of the rather sexual attraction Barbara seems to have for her. When Barbara returns from a shopping round, she is confronted by a furious Sheba, who strikes her in anger. Barbara says she has done her a favour by getting her out of a hopeless marriage. The two of them continue to shout and fight with one another, and Sheba claims that Barbara never really liked her, but in fact manipulated her for her own personal needs. Sheba runs outside with Barbara\'s journal, to streams of reporters and photographers. She shouts at them in a deluded fashion, but becomes hemmed in by a crush of reporters and photographers, at which point Barbara rescues her. Sheba\'s emotions spent, she quietly tells Barbara that she had initiated the friendship because she had liked her  and they could have been friends. Barbara says she needs more than a friend. Sheba leaves Barbara, placing the journal on the table. Sheba returns to her family home. Richard answers the door. The two face one another silently for several moments, and then Richard allows her to enter. Sheba is sentenced to 10 months, and the last scene is Barbara meeting another younger woman who is reading a newspaper reporting the Sheba Hart affair. Barbara says she used to know Sheba, but then downplays the relationship by acting as if they hardly knew each other. Barbara quickly introduces herself, and the other woman introduces herself as Annabel. The pair continue to talk. Barbara mentions attending a classical concert and invites Annabel to join her.'] ["Lucy Harbin has spent twenty years in a psychiatric hospital for the decapitation axe-murder of her husband  and his mistress, after catching him cheating on her. After she is released, she takes up residence at the farm of her brother Bill Cutler and sister-in-law Emily. Lucy's adult daughter Carol , an artist and sculptress, also lives on the Cutler farm and is seemingly unaffected by the grisly murders she witnessed many years in the past as a three year-old child. Carol encourages her mother to dress and act the way she did in the past. Lucy begins playing the vamp and makes passes at her daughter's fiance Michael Fields. She then shocks his parents with a sudden tantrum when they consider their son's marriage to Carol out of the question. A series of brutal axe-murders begin with Lucy's doctor, who is found in the freezer & the shady hired man Leo. All signs point to Lucy as the murderer and some believe she is still insane, and should be returned to the hospital. However, the climax of the film reveals that the axe-murderer is Carol, who has gone to great lengths to portray her mother as a still-active murderer by duplicating her mother's appearance when she kills . As the film ends, Lucy calmly accepts her responsibility for her daughter's illness and hatred and announces that she is going to Carol in the hospital where she is now confined."] ['A schoolteacher  has a nervous breakdown after being exposed to witchcraft during a rebellion led by witch doctors while teaching as a missionary in Africa. In an effort to recover, on her return to England, she is hired by a wealthy brother and sister  to become head teacher of their small private school in a rural village. Gwen soon detects a sinister undercurrent beneath the pleasantries of the village life, starting with Alan admitting to Gwen that he is not really a priest. Soon more suspicious events start to occur, such as the disappearance and reappearance of a doll - found headless. There she also becomes suspicious of the way the villagers are treating a 14-year-old girl ; her investigations point to witchcraft.'] ['In 1927, young belle Charlotte Hollis  and her married lover, John Mayhew , plan to elope during a party at the Hollis family\'s antebellum mansion in Ascension Parish, Louisiana. However, after Charlotte\'s father intimidates him, telling him that John\'s wife had visited the day before and revealed the affair, John pretends he no longer loves Charlotte and tells her they must part. John is then brutally murdered and decapitated in the summerhouse with a cleaver, with one hand severed. Charlotte discovers the body. She returns traumatized to the party in a bloodied dress, leading most to presume that she is the murderer. The story jumps to 1964. Charlotte is now a wealthy spinster, still living on the plantation home that has been in her family for generations. Charlotte\'s father died the year after Mayhew\'s murder, believing his daughter guilty. Charlotte has believed all these years that her father killed Mayhew, but everyone else assumes that it was Charlotte, the crazy recluse, who decapitated her lover. The story picks up as the Louisiana Highway Commission is making preparations to demolish her house and build a new highway through the property. Charlotte is vehemently against this and ignores the eviction notice, refusing to leave. She keeps the foreman , his demolition crew, and the bulldozer away by shooting at them with a rifle. They temporarily give up and leave. Charlotte is living with her housekeeper, Velma , in the Hollis mansion. Seeking help in her fight against the Highway Commission, she calls upon Miriam , a poor cousin who lived with the family as a girl. Miriam renews her relationship with Drew Bayliss , a local doctor who jilted her after the murder. Charlotte\'s sanity deteriorates with Miriam\'s arrival, her nights haunted by a mysterious harpsichord playing the song Mayhew wrote for her and by the appearance of Mayhew\'s disembodied hand and head. Velma, suspecting that Miriam and Drew are after Charlotte\'s money, seeks help from Mr. Willis , an insurance investigator who is still interested in the Mayhew case and who has visited Mayhew\'s ailing widow, Jewel . Miriam fires Velma, who later returns and discovers that Charlotte is being drugged. Miriam sees the housekeeper trying to take Charlotte out of the house. The two argue at the top of the stairs. Velma tries to escape, but knowing Velma has discovered the drugs, Miriam smashes a chair over her head. Velma falls down the stairs to her death. One night, a drugged Charlotte runs downstairs in the grip of a hallucination, believing John has returned to her. Miriam and Drew decide to trick Charlotte into shooting Drew with a gun loaded with blanks, after which Miriam helps dispose of the "body" in a swamp. Charlotte returns to the house and sees the supposedly dead Drew at the top of the stairs, reducing her to whimpering insanity. Now believing Charlotte completely mad and secure in her room, Miriam and Drew go into the garden to discuss their plan: to drive Charlotte insane in order to get her money. Miriam also tells Drew that back in 1927 she saw Jewel murder her husband. She\'s been using this knowledge to blackmail Jewel for all these years, while plotting to gain possession of Charlotte\'s wealth. Charlotte overhears all. She moves toward a huge stone urn on the ledge of the balcony, almost directly over the lovers\' heads. Miriam embraces Drew, then the two look up and into Charlotte\'s knowing eyes. They are paralyzed by the sight as Charlotte tips the stone urn off the ledge, crushing them both to death. The next morning, the authorities take Charlotte away, presumably to an insane asylum. Many neighbors and locals gather at the Hollis home to watch the proceedings, believing that crazy Charlotte has murdered again. Willis hands her an envelope from the now-dead Jewel Mayhew, who has had a stroke after hearing of the incident the previous night. The note contains Jewel\'s confession to the murder of her husband. As the authorities drive Charlotte away, she looks back at her beloved plantation, apparently for the last time.'] 