['A series of murders of rich young women throughout Arizona bear distinctive signatures of a serial killer. Clues lead Detective Charles Mendoza to visit Paul White, a sound expert installing hi-fi systems in wealthy people\'s homes. His special talent is to make a noise which echoes through the air cavities in his head and shows him where the sound of the speakers should come from and echo in the room. He is married to Joan, whom, ten years earlier, he had seduced away from Mike DeSantos, her then current boyfriend. Joan is questioned by Mendoza, but does not believe his insinuations that her husband is somehow involved in the murders. Various flashbacks show Joan\'s previous relationship to Mike and later explain how it came to be that he abandoned her. The couple met Paul and befriended him. At Mike\'s suggestion, he and Mike go on a deer hunting trip together. Paul shoots a deer and brutally mutilates it, demonstrating his sick fascination with killing. This is partly intended to scare Mike off, which it does. Mike catches Joan and Paul after they\'ve made love, and Paul declares that he will take Mike\'s place. "I am the one," Paul says. Mike puts his gun at the back of Paul\'s head but decides not to kill and abandons Joan. By now Joan has run into Mike DeSantos working at a gas station in a neighboring town. Mike tells her he got out of prison after suffering a major head injury; he thinks life is looking up. He makes her promise not to tell Paul that she has seen him. Joan soon discovers Paul has committed adultery. By puncturing Paul\'s tires she provides him with an alibi for the most recent killing. He begs her forgiveness as the police turn their suspicions away from him. At home, Joan looks into a crawl space in the house, and discovers preserved body parts of Paul\'s victims wrapped in paper and plastic. Joan confronts Paul, and Paul tries to explain his motivations for killing. He believes he has been "chosen" and is expressing the nothingness of the universe, whose heart is female and destructive like a black hole. He is putting women "out of their misery," but he loves Joan. Joan\'s distrust of Mike over the next night and day agitates him into a fury. First, he tries to imprison her and then kill her and his daughter. He heavily arms himself and paints his face to look like a samurai warrior or an Indian brave. Joan and the little girl escape in different directions and soon Joan has to elude Paul in the abandoned quarry. It turns out Mike has been staying there, armed with a machine gun, certain that he will meet Paul again. He rescues Joan and takes away Paul\'s gun, leading him to the edge of the quarry. Paul makes the sound he uses in the emptiness of living rooms and savors its echo from the quarry. While incessantly pontificating about his philosophies of life and death, Paul reveals a lighter with which he has lit the fuse of his explosive vest. Mike opens fire on him with a machine gun and Joan dives into the lake in the quarry. Paul and Mike both die instantly, in a hail of destruction. Joan is reunited later with her daughter. She talks with Detective Mendoza about what the ten years with Paul could have meant, whose destructive and nihilistic nature she never understood. Based on the 1983 novel Mrs White by Margaret Tracy .'] ["Dr. Emil Hobbes  is conducting unorthodox experiments with parasites for use in transplants, however, he believes that humanity has become over-rational and lost contact with its flesh and its instincts, so the effects of the organism he actually develops is a combination of aphrodisiac and venereal disease. Once implanted, it causes uncontrollable sexual desire in the host. Hobbes implants the parasites in his teen-aged mistress, who promiscuously spreads them throughout the ultra-modern apartment building, outside Montreal, where they live. The community's resident physician, Roger St. Luc , and his assistant, Nurse Forsythe  attempt to stop the parasite infestation before it overwhelms the city's population."] ['A woman and man who met at a wedding reception decide to go on a date. He meets her at a railway station and they go for a picnic and a bike ride. They come to the outside of a cemetery and decide to go in. Once inside the huge cemetery, the woman becomes frightened. He calms her and persuades her to enter a crypt with him. A strange man watches the couple. The man and woman make love in the crypt. A clown places some flowers on a nearby grave and leaves. An old woman closes the cemetery gates. When the couple finally exit the crypt, night has fallen and they cannot find their way to the exit. They begin to panic. They discover a small building; inside are several child-sized coffins with small skeletons inside. The woman becomes hysterical, and exhibits bizarre behaviour and radical personality changes. She locks her lover in the crypt and he suffocates. Dawn finds the woman dancing around the cemetery, and later she re-enters the crypt. The old woman reopens the cemetery gates. Finding the crypt open, she seals the door and puts flowers on top of it.'] ["The film revolves around the attempts of writer Thad Beaumont to kill off his pseudonym, George Stark. His pseudonym has become a physical entity and is terrorizing Beaumont's family and friends. For some reason, Stark wants to live after he appeared in a set of Beaumont's best selling books. Beaumont writes, but he is not alone in suspecting something strange: Sheriff Alan Pangborn of Castle Rock, Maine is equally suspicious and is asked to investigate the situation."] ["Wealthy housewife and children's author Cathryn  receives a series of disturbing and eerie phone calls in her home in London one dreary night. The female voice on the other end suggests mockingly to her that her husband Hugh  is having an affair. Cathryn's husband comes home, finding her in complete disarray. Hugh attempts to comfort her, but then he is gone, and she sees a different man who is behaving as if he were her husband. She screams in horror and backs away, only to see her vision of the figure revert back to her husband. Hugh attributes her outburst to stress and her budding pregnancy. He decides to take a vacation to the countryside at an isolated cottage. But as she dwells there, Cathryn delves into darker delusions as the stranger returns, and she finds it difficult to determine what is reality and what is in her mind."] ['The story takes place in 1851 and deals with a small Spanish village apparently plagued by what we would now call a serial killer, as corpses are discovered bearing both savage mutilation and precise surgical incisions. Clues point toward Manuel Romasanta , who confesses to the crimes, but claims that he is a victim of lycanthropy. A scientist, Professor Philips , argues that Romasanta suffers not from a supernatural curse but from a mental disorder. Based on a script by Alfredo Conde, according to the end credits the film is based on a true story, that of Manuel Blanco Romasanta, Spain’s first documented serial killer. Conde is a descendant of one of the doctors involved the original Werewolf of Allariz court case that took place in 1953/54 in Galicia, Spain. He went on to write a fictional novel, The Uncertain Memoirs of a Galician Wolfman: Romasanta.Alfredo Conde The Uncertain Memoirs of a Galician Wolfman: Romasanta Antípodas Monographs 2006 ISBN 0-9775868-0-4 The same case previously provided the basis for the 1968 Spanish film El bosque del lobo .'] ['In Bandrika, a fictional country in an "uncivilised" region of immediately pre-World War II Central Europe,It has often been wrongly stated that the action of the movie is set in Nazi-controlled Austria, though Bandrika may be seen as a substitute for such. Bandrika\'s fictitious language has similarities to Italian, Hungarian and German, although it is unlikely to be Hungary as two travelers reference their previous stop in Hungary. Three of the railway stations seen or mentioned within the country are "Zolnay", "Dravka", and "Morsken". a motley group of travellers eager to return to England is delayed by an avalanche that has blocked the railway tracks. At night, a folk singer plays a tune al fresco that catches the attention of Miss Froy , an elderly lady who has worked some years abroad as a governess. The folk singer is suddenly silenced--apparently murdered.The Lady Vanishes: All Aboard!, by Geoffrey O\'Brien Among the train\'s passengers are Gilbert , a young musicologist who has been studying the folk songs of the region, Iris , a young woman of independent means who has spent a holiday with some friends, but is now returning home to get married, and Miss Froy. When the train resumes its journey, Iris and Miss Froy become acquainted, while the remaining passengers in the compartment appear not to understand a word of English. Iris lapses into unconsciousness, the result of an earlier encounter with a falling flowerpot meant for Miss Froy. When Iris reawakens, the governess has vanished, and she is shocked to learn that the other passengers claim Miss Froy never existed. The other English travelers deny ever seeing her, for their own reasons. Fellow passenger Doctor Egon Hartz  convinces everyone that Iris must have hallucinated the scene with the old lady because of the blow to her head. Undaunted, Iris starts to investigate, joined only by a skeptical Gilbert, with whom she eventually falls in love. They discover that Miss Froy is being held prisoner in a sealed-off compartment supposedly occupied by a seriously ill patient being transported to an operation. They manage to free her, but the train is diverted to a side track, where a shootout ensues. Miss Froy intimates to Gilbert and Iris that she is in fact a British spy assigned to deliver some vital information  to the Foreign Office in London; after entrusting her message  to Gilbert, she flees under cover of the shootout. After managing to restart the train and escape, Gilbert and Iris return to London. At the Foreign Office, Gilbert, driven to joyful distraction when Iris accepts his marriage proposal, forgets the tune. Just as it appears the message has been lost, the coded folk song is heard in the background. Fortunately, Miss Froy had been able to escape, and is revealed playing the song on a piano. The plot of Hitchcock\'s film differs considerably from White\'s novel. In The Wheel Spins, Miss Froy really is an innocent old lady looking forward to seeing her octogenarian parents; she is abducted because she knows something  that would cause trouble for the local authorities if it came out. Iris\' mental confusion is due to sunstroke, not a blow to the head. In White\'s novel, the wheel keeps spinning: the train never stops, and there is no final shootout. Additionally, the supporting cast differs somewhat; for instance, in the novel, the Gilbert character is Max Hare, a young English engineer building a dam in the hills who knows the local language, and there is also a modern-languages professor character who acts as Iris\'s and Max\'s interpreter who does not appear in the film. The characters Charters and Caldicott were created for the film, and do not appear in the novel. The story was used again in the series Alfred Hitchcock Presents, in the episode "Into Thin Air".'] ["Roberto Tobias  is a drummer in a rock band who has noticed a man following him for the last several days. Angered by this, he confronts the stranger in an abandoned theater to find out what he wants. The man claims he does not know what Roberto is talking about, and pulls a switchblade. The two struggle, and Roberto accidentally stabs the man, who falls into an orchestra pit, lifeless. To make matters worse, someone in a bizarre puppet mask has been hiding in the upper wings of the theater and takes incriminating photographs of Roberto holding the bloody knife. Roberto flees, but the next day he receives the dead man's ID in the mail. It becomes apparent that the masked figure has no interest in going to the police, and instead wants to drive Roberto mad with fear and paranoia. But why?"] ['The film centers around a rapist and murderer who stalks his victims and then calls them repeatedly before raping and killing them. A feminist TV anchor becomes suspicious and investigates one of her neighbors, who she believes is committing the crimes.http://exclamationmark.wordpress.com/2007/10/26/eyes-of-a-stranger-1981/'] ['London police constables are being killed by a man calling himself "Mr. X" . By chance, one of the murders occurs around the same time and place as a diamond robbery, leading Police Commissioner Sir Herbert Frensham  to suspect the same man is responsible for both, much to the annoyance of the thief, Nicholas "Nick" Revel , and his confederates, taxi driver Joseph "Joe" Palmer  and insurance clerk Hutchinson . After another slaying, Sir Christopher Marche is arrested as a suspect, as he had drunkenly quarreled with the latest victim shortly before his death. However, Nick provides him with an alibi. As a result, he becomes acquainted with Marche\'s grateful fiancée , Jane Frensham ([[Elizabeth Allan . The two are attracted to each other. Meanwhile, Sir Herbert becomes convinced that Nick is Mr. X and puts him under constant surveillance. When the commissioner learns that his daughter has gone alone to Nick\'s flat, he sends Marche a message supposedly from Nick urgently requesting that they meet. When Marche finds the couple alone together, though they are not doing anything untoward, he breaks off his engagement with Jane. Nick decides to give up his life of crime for Jane. He mails back the jewel. However, when Joe warns him that Hutchinson has been picked up for questioning, he realizes that it is only a matter of time before his associate gives him up. Nick discovers that the locations of the murders form an X, which provides him with the site of the next crime. He disguises himself as a policeman and flushes the real killer out. After a struggle, Mr. X is fatally injured, but before he dies, he boasts to Sir Herbert how he close he came to fulfilling his goal of one murder for each of the 15 years he spent in prison.'] ['The story follows Jake Gray , a young man who\'s been having bizarre visions of murder and self-mutilation, and his experience with a live roleplay-like online game called "The Pathway" (a similar roleplaying as seen in [[The Game of 1997 . Following the deaths of his friends Conrad  and Dakota , who introduced him to the game, Jake soon learns that "The Pathway" is actually being run by a man named Aiden Kater  and his band of Devil-worshippers. They\'ve been using it to look for a specific person, even as they manipulate others into killing. As their final acts, the victims of "The Pathway" commit suicide in various gruesome ways. With help from Marisol , a new friend who dabbles in the mystic occult, Jake learns from a man called Ivan Reisz ([[William Sadler  that his wife, Anne Kilton, and their unborn child were taken by Kater and sacrificed to the devil. Soon after, he tracks down Kater and learns that Anne was not in fact sacrificed to the devil, that she gave birth, and that her child was stolen by mortals, and raised as a human. He is that child, the person whom "The Pathway" was created to find, and Anne is really Satan  herself. Ultimately, Jake confronts his birth mother  in the very place where he was stolen from her, he then learns that Marisol was, in fact, Satan/Anne. Following his rejection and attempted murder of her, Jake is shown a vision of the night he was born. He awakens covered with blood on the ground the next day, only to be arrested for the murder of his parents. The movie ends with Jake wondering if everything  really was not created by his imagination and if he had committed all those murders.'] ['The film opens to the sound of a gramophone playing Axxon N, “the longest-running radio play in history”. Meanwhile, a young prostitute, identified in the credits as the "Lost Girl", cries while watching television in a hotel room, following an unpleasant encounter with her client. The Lost Girl’s television displays a family of surreal anthropomorphic rabbits who speak in cryptic statements and questions. Occasionally, there are laugh track responses within these Rabbit scenes. These three elements become recurring motifs throughout Inland Empire. The majority of the first act takes place in Los Angeles. A local actress named Nikki Grace  has applied for a comeback role in a film entitled On High in Blue Tomorrows. The day before the audition, Nikki is visited by an enigmatic old woman from Poland  who claims to be her neighbour. The old woman insists that Nikki has won the role, and recounts two Polish folk tales. One tells of a boy who, sparking a reflection after passing through a doorway, “caused evil to be born”. The other tells of a girl who, wandering through an alleyway behind a marketplace, “discovers a palace”. The old woman presses Nikki for details on her new film, asking whether the story is about marriage and involves murder. Nikki denies both, but her neighbour stridently disagrees. Disregarding Nikki’s troubled response, the old woman comments on the confusion of time, claiming that were this tomorrow, Nikki would be sitting on a couch adjacent to them. The film then pans to where the neighbour is pointing, and we see Nikki and two girlfriends sitting on the couch. Her butler walks into the living room – where the old woman no longer reclines – with a phone call from her agent, announcing that she has won the role. Ecstatic, Nikki and her friends celebrate while her husband Piotrek  ominously surveys them from atop a nearby stairwell. Some time later, Nikki and her co-star Devon Berk  receive an interview on a talk show called The Marilyn Levees Show. The host  asks both actors whether they are having an affair, to which each of them respond negatively. Devon has been warned by his entourage that Nikki is out-of-bounds, due to her husband’s power and influence. Later, on the set being built for the film, Nikki and Devon rehearse a scene with the director Kingsley . They are interrupted by a disturbance, but Devon finds nothing upon investigation. Shaken by the event, Kingsley confesses that they are shooting a remake of a German feature entitled 47. Production was abandoned after both leads were murdered, creating rumours of the film being cursed due to its roots in an old Polish folk tale. Immersed in her character "Sue", Nikki appears to begin an affair with Devon – under the guise of his own character "Billy". While filming a scene in which her character buys groceries, Nikki notices a door in the alley marked Axxon N, and enters. It leads to a room behind the studio, where she can see herself rehearsing her lines weeks earlier. When Devon is sent to find who\'s lurking backstage, Nikki realizes that she was the disturbance, causing her to flee among the half-built backgrounds and into the house of another character named Smithy. Despite the set being merely a wooden facade, Nikki enters to find an illuminated suburban house inside. Devon looks through the windows, but sees only darkness. At this point, the film takes a drastic stylistic turn. Various plotlines and scenes begin to entwine and complement each other. The chronological order is often confused or nonexistent. Inside the house, Nikki finds her husband in bed. Hiding from him, she encounters a troupe of prostitutes. One of the women advises her to “gaze through a burn hole in the silk”. Nikki complies and witnesses several strange happenings – many of which seem to revolve around her, or an alternate version of herself. The woman who plays Doris Side - Billy’s wife in the film , tells a policeman that she has been hypnotized to murder someone with a screwdriver – but finds the screwdriver embedded in her own side. A mysterious organization claims to have captives from Inland Empire. In the past, Polish prostitutes are confronted by strange pimps while murder permeates their city. Nikki, having become one of the prostitutes in the present, wanders the streets while her companions directly ask the audience “Who is she?” Both Nikki and her prostitutes frequently ask people to look at them, and say whether “you\'ve known me before”. In a parallel plotline, Sue climbs the dark staircase behind a nightclub to deliver a long monologue to a Jewish Rabbi named Mr. K – which touches upon her childhood molestations, disastrous relationships and revenge missions. Her husband Smithy seems to be connected with both the pimps and the organization – and is said to be good with animals, hence his job with a circus from Poland. There is much talk of The Phantom, an elusive hypnotist. Convinced she’s being stalked by a red-lipped man, Sue arms herself with a screwdriver. Finally, Sue walks down Hollywood Boulevard, and is startled to see her doppelgänger across the street. Before Sue can investigate, Doris arrives and attempts to kill her, having been hypnotized by The Phantom. Sue is brutally stabbed in the stomach with her own screwdriver, causing her to stagger down the street and eventually collapse next to some homeless people on the corner of Hollywood and Vine. An Afro-American woman remarks that Sue is dying, then proceeds to debate with another, younger homeless woman about taking a bus to Pomona. Her companion talks at length about a friend named Niko – the prostitute whose blond wig makes her look like a movie star, thus allowing her to walk through the rich district without drawing attention. The Afro-American woman comforts Sue by holding a lighter in front of her face, until she finally dies, “having no more blue tomorrows”. Off-camera, Kingsley yells “cut”, and the camera pans back to show this has merely been a film scene. As the actors and film crew wrap for the next scene, Sue slowly arises, Nikki once more. Kingsley announces that her scenes for the film are complete. In a daze, Nikki wanders off set and into a nearby cinema, where she sees not only On High in Blue Tomorrows – encompassing some of the subplots of the film – but events that are currently occurring. She wanders to the projection room, but finds an apartment building marked *Axxon N*. Eventually, Nikki confronts the red-lipped man from earlier, now known to be The Phantom. She shoots him, which causes his face to morph first into a distorted copy of Nikki\'s own face, but then into something resembling a foetus bleeding from its mouth. Nikki flees into a nearby room – Room 47, which houses the rabbits on television, though she fails to see them. Elsewhere in the building, Nikki finds The Lost Girl, who has been watching and crying all along. The two women kiss, before Nikki fades away into the light along with the rabbits. The Lost Girl runs out of the hotel and into Smithy’s house, where she happily embraces a man and child. Nikki is then seen back home, triumphantly smiling at the old woman from the beginning of the film. The concluding scene takes place at her house, where she sits with many other people, among them Laura Harring, Nastassja Kinski and Ben Harper. A one-legged woman who was mentioned in Sue\'s monologue looks around and says, “Sweet!” Niko, the girl with the blonde wig and monkey, can also be seen. The end credits roll over a group of women dancing to Nina Simone\'s "Sinner Man" while a lumberjack saws a log to the beat.'] ["Wayne Hayes , and his wife Eileen  are living the American dream in a wealthy Pittsburgh suburb, having raised two children  and built up a successful business from scratch. He is looking forward to a peaceful retirement with Eileen. However, everything changes when Wayne is kidnapped in broad daylight by a former employee, Arnold Mack . While Wayne tries negotiating with the kidnapper, Eileen works with the FBI to try to secure her husband's release. During the investigation, Eileen learns that Wayne has continued an extramarital affair that he promised to end months previously. Eileen is eventually instructed to deliver the ransom to the kidnapper, but Arnold takes the money without returning her husband. As it turns out, Wayne had been murdered by Arnold the day of the kidnapping. Although Eileen's ordeal takes place over the course of a week, the film is edited to show Wayne's kidnapping as if it was happening at the same time. Arnold is eventually caught when he begins to spend the ransom money in the neighborhood where he lives. At a local grocery store, he uses a $100 bill to make a purchase. The store manager calls authorities and verifies the serial number on the $100 bill is on a watch list the FBI distributed to local businesses. In the end, Eileen receives a loving note written by Wayne before his death."] ['A ruthless rubber baron, Mathukutty, disregards the prevailing moral standards and spawns criminal sons as well as a sexually wayward daughter, Annie. His son, Baby is a psychotic strangler using a nylon wire and is eventually shot dead by his repentant father.'] ["Quadriplegic forensics expert Lincoln Rhyme  and a patrol cop, Amelia Donaghy , team up to solve a string of murders all connected to a serial killer by his signature: a single shard of bone is removed from each of the victims. Rhyme communicates with Amelia via phone as she examines the various crime scenes and collects evidence and reports back to him. The killer poses as a New York taxi driver, and abducts and kills those who get in his taxi. The first two victims are a married couple named Alan and Lindsay Rubin, who get a taxi home but then find themselves kidnapped by the killer. Amelia finds Alan's body buried in a Civil War-era railroad bed. She also finds a piece of shellfish, which eventually leads Amelia - now working with Rhyme - to Alan's wife, and a scrap of paper. The detectives find Mrs. Rubin, too late, at a steam junction in a below ground services area of a building in the financial district, secured using old handcuffs or shackles at the mouth of a pipe which emits steam. She has been scalded to death from the steam. The killer has also removed a bit of flesh and bone from her arm. Amelia finds another scrap of paper at the scene. The killer then abducts an NYU student. He is taken to a derelict slaughterhouse where he is tied to a pole and gutted with a knife, and left for rats to feed on. Amelia and Rhyme, using the clue left by the killer at the scene of Lindsay Rubin's death , find the victim, but again too late to save him. Again, the killer has removed a piece of the victim's bone. Amelia is able to collect the evidence, including another scrap of paper. The pressure of the tense investigation and bureaucratic challenges to both Amelia's and Rhyme's involvement with the case are having serious impacts on Rhyme's health and stability. After piecing together the message the killer was sending using the scraps of paper, Amelia and Rhyme are led to an old book of short stories, which in turn leads them to the killer's next victims, a grandfather and granddaughter tied to a pier as the tide rises. The girl is rescued, but her grandfather dies. At the scene, Amelia finds another bone, an old police badge, and an old subway map. These clues, and an earlier clue left by the killer at the scene of Mrs Rubin's death  lead Amelia to an abandoned subway station, in which Amelia sees some numbers which have been tampered with to spell out Rhyme's police badge number. Amelia then figures out that the killer is after Rhyme. The killer arrives at Rhyme's house, and after killing Rhyme's nurse, Thelma , and Captain Howard Cheney , it is revealed that he is the medical technician who cares for Rhyme's medical equipment. The technician, Richard Thompson , is an ex-forensic cop who wants revenge against Rhyme, whose testimony helped convict the killer of planting false evidence at crime scenes. Rhyme manages to crush Thompson's right hand by suddenly dropping his bed horizontal, and in struggle to free himself, Thompson pulls Rhyme with him and they both collapse to the floor. Rhyme then manages to bite Thompson in the neck, causing massive bleeding. Thompson once again manages to free himself. As Thompson raises a rather large scalpel for a killing blow, Amelia suddenly arrives at the apartment and shoots Thompson dead, saving Rhyme's life. The film ends at a Christmas celebration at Rhyme's apartment. Rhyme, having given up his plans to commit suicide, faces his sister and niece coming to visit him along with Amelia and his other colleagues on Christmas Eve."] ["The film's protagonist, Janet, is a young student attending boarding school. After a number of nightmares concerning her mother, whom she saw kill her father when she was young, the girl is sent home to her guardian, Attorney Henry Baxter. At home, she is assigned a nurse. Janet begins having more nightmares this time concerning an unknown woman with a scar and a birthday cake. The dreams get worse and worse. Finally, her guardian brings home his wife, whom Janet has never met. Janet is introduced to the woman at her birthday celebration. The cake and woman from her dreams with the scar appearing at once is enough to make Janet snap. She kills the woman by stabbing her - the same way her mother killed her father. Janet is committed. Meanwhile, her guardian Henry and the nurse, who was disguised to look like the woman with a scar to drive Janet mad, celebrate the loss of Janet. However, the two do not go unpunished."] ['Several teenage boys in Galesburg, Illinois are murdered, each apparently by a different killer. Local policeman John Brady  investigates. The victims are sons of men who previously collaborated with John to investigate the unethical experiments of Galesburg University professor Dr. Le Sange , who was reportedly killed years previously but still gives lectures via old films. Le Sange\'s research is being continued by Gwen Parkinson . Unbeknownst to John, Gwen has enlisted his son Pete  as a research subject. Gwen\'s "experiments" involve mind control, turning the subject into a programmed killer. John, whose late wife had worked for Le Sange, becomes convinced that Le Sange is still alive and is waging a vendetta against those who wronged him.'] ['Dan Gallagher  is a successful, happily married New York attorney living in Manhattan when he meets Alexandra "Alex" Forrest , an editor for a publishing company, through business. While his wife, Beth , and daughter, Ellen , are out of town for the weekend, he has a passionate affair with Alex. Though he thought it was understood to be a simple fling, she begins clinging to him. Dan explains that he must go home and Alex cuts her wrists in a suicide attempt. He helps her to bandage them and later leaves. He thinks the affair is forgotten, but she shows up at various places to see him. She waits at his office one day to apologize and invite him to the opera, but he turns her down. She then continues to telephone until he tells his secretary that he will no longer take her calls. She then phones his home at all hours, and then confronts him saying that she is pregnant and plans to keep the baby. Although he wants nothing to do with her, she argues that he must take responsibility. She shows up at his apartment  and meets Beth, feigning interest as a buyer. Later that night, he goes to her apartment to confront her about her actions which results in a violent scuffle. In response, she replies that she will not be ignored. Dan moves his family to Bedford, but this doesn\'t deter Alex. She has a tape recording delivered to him filled with verbal abuse. She stalks him in a parking garage, pours acid on his vehicle, and follows him home one night to spy on him, Beth, and Ellen from the bushes in their yard; the sight of their family life literally makes her sick to her stomach. Her obsession escalates further. Dan approaches the police to apply for a restraining order against her , to which the lieutenant claims that he cannot violate her rights without probable cause and that the adulterer has to own up to his adultery.  At one point, while the Gallaghers are not home, Alex kills Ellen\'s pet rabbit, and puts it on their stove to boil. After this, Dan tells Beth of the affair and Alex\'s pregnancy. Enraged, she asks him to leave. Before he goes, Dan calls Alex to tell her that Beth knows about the affair. Beth gets on the phone and warns Alex that if she persists, she will kill her. Without Dan and Beth\'s knowledge, Alex picks up Ellen at school and takes her to an amusement park, buying her ice cream as well as taking her on a roller coaster. Beth panics when she realizes that she doesn\'t know where Ellen is. She drives around searching and rear-ends a car stopped at an intersection and is slightly injured and hospitalized. Alex later drops Ellen off at the Gallaghers\' house, asking Ellen for a kiss on the cheek. Dan barges into Alex\'s apartment and attacks her, choking her and not too short of strangling her. He stops himself, but as he does she lunges at him with a kitchen knife. He overpowers her, but puts the knife down and leaves, with Alex leaning against the kitchen counter, smiling. He approaches the police about having her arrested, and they start searching for Alex to bring her in for taking Ellen. Following her release from the hospital, Beth forgives Dan and they return home. Beth prepares a bath for herself and Alex suddenly appears, again with the kitchen knife. She starts to explain her resentment of her, nervously fidgeting  and then attacks her. Dan hears the screaming and runs in, wrestles Alex into the bathtub and seemingly drowns her. She suddenly emerges from the water, swinging the knife. Beth, who went searching for Dan\'s gun, shoots her in the chest, killing her. The final scene shows police cars outside the Gallaghers\' house. As Dan finishes talking with the cops, he walks inside, where Beth is waiting for him. They embrace and proceed upstairs as the camera focuses on a picture of Dan, Beth, and Ellen.'] ['Kurtwood Smith plays Myron Castleman,<ref nameKurtwood Smith Biography |workhttp://www.cbs.com/primetime/worst_week/bio/kurtwood_smith/bio.php }} an everyman who keeps repeating the same hour of his life, from 12:01 PM to 1:00 PM. The character is fully aware that the sixty-minute time loop is occurring, although no one else appears to be aware of the repeating hour. Each time the hour resets, Myron retains his memory . Myron soon becomes bored, irritated, and later insanely furious, going so far as to scream at his secretary and toss his briefcase into traffic. Despite his best attempts to understand what is happening, he cannot figure it out, so he talks to a scientist who studies time loops. Although reluctant at first, the doctor believes him, and tells him that he is entirely helpless to prevent the time bounce. A nearly hysterical Myron shouts that he is God, and he attempts to break the loop by shooting himself, as he reappears, alive. The time is 12:01 PM. Myron realizes that he is trapped in the loop for eternity and finally accepts this, looking around in hopelessness.'] ["Stanwyck plays Leona Stevenson, a spoiled, bedridden daughter of a millionaire. The telephone is her sole connection with the outside world. One day, while listening to what seems to be a crossed phone connection, she eavesdrops on two men planning a woman's murder. Leona calls the phone company and police, only to be ignored. Adding to Leona's dilemma is the fact that her husband Henry  is missing. After a number of phone calls, the terrorized Leona begins to piece together the mystery. Her uneducated husband, who works for her wealthy father, turns out to be not all he seems. Finally, to her horror, Leona realizes she is the intended victim."] ['The film follows the story of Sean Crawley ([[Chris McKenna , a struggling young man trying to make ends meet by painting houses in suburban Los Angeles. One day, Sean meets "Duke" Wayne , who introduces Sean to his boss, a shady developer named Ray Matthews . Ray hires Sean as a spy, and orders him to follow Eric Gatley , an accountant who has been investigating Ray\'s company. Problems start when Ray, while drunk, offers Sean $13,000 to kill Eric. Sean accepts his offer and, although ambivalent, ends up killing Gatley by breaking into his house and beating him to death. When Sean goes to collect his pay, however, he is double-crossed and when he insists that they pay him, he is kidnapped and taken to Ray\'s secluded farm. It emerges that Matthews never had any intention of paying Sean for the killing, for he only wanted to use and eliminate him. But Sean survives from having a bullet put in his head then reveals that he had taken Gatley\'s work file of evidence and hidden it along with his documentation of events leading to the murder. When torture fails to make him disclose the whereabouts of the file, Sean is then brutally beaten about the head with golf clubs many times by Ray and his henchmen daily for weeks, in an effort to destroy his memory. After suffering a heavy amount of trauma, Sean escapes, killing Duke, and finds his way to a downtown homeless shelter where Gatley\'s widow, Susan , takes him under her wing, oblivious to his role in her personal tragedy. After she nurses him back to normal, he feels he has been reborn and they become lovers and he moves into her house. But after a few weeks, Susan finds his file describing the murder and, enraged, physically attacks him. Defending himself, Sean accidentally kills her. Having lost what he saw as his redemption and rebirth, more angry and cynical than ever, Sean returns to Ray\'s farm and methodically and ruthlessly exacts revenge on his captors; having arrived before Ray, he finds Duke\'s body and decapitates it, removing the wounds that would implicate his involvement. While waiting for Ray, Sean burns Duke\'s head in a fire pit along with pictures of Susan, exclaiming that if it wasn\'t for him and his friends he could have had a happy life. He hides in the house while Ray\'s henchmen search for him. Sean jumps Carl upstairs and hits him in the chest with a sledgehammer and kicks him down the stairs, Carl lies on the floor unable to move from internal bleeding. Beckett comes into the house to find Carl, when Sean breaks his leg and hits his back, paralyzing him. With the two henchmen unable to move, he moves on to Ray, dousing him in gasoline and setting him on fire, he returns to the house to deal with the wounded Carl and Beckett, begging him for medical assistance and asking why. Sean simply replies asking if there needs to be a reason for his revenge. Sean turns the stove on and leaves the house, he changes Ray\'s shoes to make it appear that the trio were working on the house when an accident occurs. Sean lights one of Ray\'s shoes on fire and throws it in the house, Beckett and Carl scream and cry as Sean walks away from the house before it explodes, and the screen fades to black. The title of the film refers to an episode after the murder, when Sean and Duke are at the zoo and Duke is musing about the game of deciding which animal most closely resembles a person, not physically, but on a deeper level. After roughing Sean up to discourage him from pursuing his quest for payment, he disparagingly remarks that he\'s found which animal resembles Sean: an ant.'] ['Paul ([[James Caan  and Jennifer  are a pair of wealthy but blasé Upper East Side New York socialites with an attitude sometimes accompanying the overprivileged: a propensity to amuse themselves in a bizarre, chic, and upscale fashion, in this case playing socialite games for their peers, and occasionally revealing what appears to be a playfully sadistic streak. Lisa , an older woman from France, arrives at their door one day selling cosmetics; the couple invite her in, and when the conversation reveals that Lisa is believed to have psychic abilities, Paul and Jennifer ask her to arrange some "games" for their amusement. Lisa proceeds to set up several situations of simulated domestic discord that the couple can react to. The plot turns deadly when an acquaintance is accidentally killed during a so-called "game." Paul has to go to enormous lengths to conceal any evidence. He fears being blackmailed by Lisa, whose psychic activities continue and intensify during her stay. Ultimately, at the request of Paul, Lisa leaves, for the welfare of an ever more anxious Jennifer. In the end, after a tense confrontation between Jennifer and the supposedly murdered man, Jennifer actually does shoot and kill him, at which point Paul walks in and calmly calls the police to report that his wife has committed murder. It is revealed that the events of the film were orchestrated by Paul and Lisa in order to trick Jennifer into killing someone, so that Paul could get her fortune. The murdered man had been in on the "game," but was double-crossed. Paul and Lisa share a celebratory drink as Paul pays Lisa her ten-percent cut and they prepare to go their separate ways. But it turns out that Lisa has poisoned Paul\'s drink. After Paul collapses and dies, Lisa takes the briefcase containing all of the money, leaves the house, and walks down the street, ending the film.'] ['The setting of the film is 1920s London. Sir Roger Balfour is found shot to death in his home. Inspector Burke  of Scotland Yard is called in to investigate. The suspects are Williams , Sir James Hamlin  and his nephew, Arthur Hibbs . A suicide note is found and the case is supposedly closed. Five years later, the old residence of Balfour is taken up by a man in a beaver-skin hat, with large fangs and gruesome, sunken eyes. His assistant is a ghostly woman, with flowing robes and raven black hair. Could it be Balfour, returned from the dead?'] ['The film deals with a grieving mother, Martha , trying to uncover the terrifying secret jeopardizing her family. With her son , Martha becomes entwined in a conspiracy involving a fabled witch, Nazi occultists, and the United States of America  government. The film purports to be inspired by an actual military document. The document is viewable on the movie\'s website by simply clicking on the interactive image of the document. Following World War II, a classified U.S. military document was uncovered that recounted a Nazi experiment of an occult nature smuggled into an underground facility in Downingtown, Pennsylvania. The film\'s website purports to "have provided the only known copy of a portion of that document ... we strongly advise that you do not download it;" however, the document can be found on the same website.'] ['New York City police detective Mark McPherson  is investigating the murder of beautiful, and highly successful, advertising executive, Laura Hunt . Laura has been killed by a shotgun blast to the face, just inside the doorway to her apartment, before the start of the film. He interviews charismatic newspaper columnist Waldo Lydecker , an imperious, decadent dandy, who relates how he met Laura, became her mentor, and used his considerable influence and fame to advance her career. McPherson also questions Laura\'s parasitic playboy fiancé, Shelby Carpenter , her wealthy socialite aunt, Ann Treadwell , who\'d been carrying on with Carpenter and giving him money, and her loyal housekeeper, Bessie Clary . Through the testimony of her friends, and the reading of her letters and diary, McPherson comes to know Laura and slowly becomes obsessed with her, so much so Lydecker accuses him of falling in love with the dead woman. He also learns that Lydecker was jealous of Laura\'s suitors, using his newspaper column and influence to keep them at bay. One night, the detective falls asleep in Laura\'s apartment, under her portrait, and is awakened by the sound of someone entering the apartment. He is shocked to discover it is Laura. Laura finds a dress in her closet belonging to one of her models, Diane Redfern. McPherson concludes that she, Diane Redfern, was the victim, brought there by Carpenter, while Laura was away in the country. Now it becomes even more urgent to unmask the murderer. A party is thrown to welcome Laura\'s return. At the party, McPherson arrests Laura for the murder of Diana Redfern. Upon questioning her, he is convinced of her innocence and that she does not love Shelby. He returns her to her apartment, and then goes to search Lydecker\'s apartment. There he finds a clock that is identical to the one in Laura\'s apartment. On closer examination he finds a secret compartment. He returns to Laura\'s apartment. Lydecker is there and it is apparent there is a growing bond between Laura and the detective. Lydecker insults McPherson and is sent away by Laura. After Lydecker has left, McPherson examines Laura\'s clock and finds the shotgun that killed Diane. Laura is confronted with the truth that Lydecker was the murderer. McPherson locks Laura in to her apartment, warning her not to let any one in. After he has left, Lydecker gains access to the apartment. Lydecker attempts to kill Laura, claiming if he cannot have her, no one can. He is shot down by McPherson\'s sergeant, who had told McPherson that Lydecker had never left the building, causing the two policemen to return to the apartment. Lydecker\'s last words are: "Goodbye, Laura. Goodbye, my love."'] ['People trying to sell an isolated mansion with a dark history in Massachusetts are being stalked and killed by an escaped maniac. But who is this deranged murderer and why do the local townspeople act so strange?'] ['Sam Dalmas  is an American writer currently living in Rome with his model girlfriend Giulia . Suffering from a writer\'s block, Sam is on the verge of returning to the U.S., but witnesses the attack of a woman  by a mysterious black-gloved assailant dressed in a raincoat. Attempting to reach her, Sam is trapped between two mechanically-operated glass doors and can only watch as the villain makes his escape. The woman, Monica Ranieri, the wife of the gallery\'s owner, survives the attack, but the local police confiscates Sam\'s passport to stop him from leaving the country; the assailant is believed to be a serial killer who is terrorizing the city, and they believe the writer to be an important witness. Sam is haunted by what he saw that night, feeling sure that some vital clue is evading him, and soon finds that both he and his girlfriend are the killer\'s new targets. Receiving menacing phone calls he manages to isolate an odd cricketing noise in the background, which is later revealed to be the call of a rare bird from the Southern Caucasus, called "The Bird with Crystal Plumage" due to the diaphanous glint of its feathers. This proves important since the only one of its kind in Rome is kept in the Italian capital\'s zoo, allowing Sam and the police to identify the killer\'s abode. In the end, Sam chases the mysterious assailant through a darkened building. He is trapped once more, this time pinned to the floor by release of a wall-sized sculpture of wire and metal. Unable to free himself, he becomes the prey of the person he was pursuing—the attractive, deranged wife of the gallery owner. This climax to the mystery, with strong sado-masochistic elements, has the knife-wielding lady teasing Sam in preparation to stabbing him. She fails, of course, and Sam provides the obligatory wrap-up scene with his girlfriend.'] ["Although this film is a remake of 1962's Carnival of Souls, it bears little resemblance to the original aside from the ending. This film centers on Alex Grant  who witnesses her mother's rape and murder by a carnival clown named Louis Seagram ([[Larry Miller  on January 24, 1977. Twenty years later, Alex fears for her life, worrying that Louis might come after her and her younger sister. One day Louis returns after being released from prison for murdering Alex's mother and tries to kill Alex. Alex drives the car that she and Louis are in into the river, then she begins to have hallucinations, she begins to lose her mind as Alex is now plagued by nightmarish visions of Louis Seagram and the same carnival where she met him. Alex is then drawn into a ghoulish and deadly game of cat and mouse with Seagram at the carnival."] ["Mr and Mrs Smedhurst  are a middle-aged business couple wanting to retire. They find an old but cheap mansion in the country that has been vacant for 40 years, Bellingham House, and proceed to buy it. They move in along with their servants and soon learn the house is supposedly haunted – but Mr Smedhurst in particular is sceptical of the paranormal myth. They invite a young companion, Annette , to join them but within days of arriving she steadily begins hearing strange voices. The new owners learn that a young invalid girl was believed to have been murdered 40 years previously in the house – and their preconceptions of the supernatural are challenged. When the spirit of the murdered girl possesses Annette, her health declines drastically and soon she’s at death's door. A young doctor, Dr Selbie , has fallen deeply in love with Annette and attempts to cure her but to no avail. In a state of delirium, Annette calls for old Dr Marsham , the GP who had attended to the dead girl 40 years earlier."] ["James Cole  is a convicted criminal living in a grim post-apocalyptic future. In 1996–97, the Earth's surface was contaminated by a virus so deadly that it forced the surviving population to live underground. At some point in the years that followed, scientists have engineered an imprecise form of time travel. To earn a pardon, Cole allows scientists to send him on dangerous missions to the past to collect information on the virus, thought to be released by a terrorist organization known as the Army of the Twelve Monkeys. If possible, he is to obtain a pure sample of the original virus so a cure can be made. Throughout the film, Cole is troubled with recurring dreams involving a chase and a shooting in an airport. On Cole's first trip, he arrives in Baltimore in 1990, not 1996 as planned. He is arrested and hospitalized in a mental institution on the diagnosis of Dr. Kathryn Railly . There, he encounters Jeffrey Goines , a fellow mental patient with fanatical animal rights and anti-consumerist leanings. Cole tries unsuccessfully to leave a voicemail on a number monitored by the scientists in the future. After a failed escape attempt, Cole is restrained and locked in a cell, but then disappears, returning to the future. Back in his own time, Cole is interviewed by the scientists, who play a distorted voice mail message which gives the location of the Army of the Twelve Monkeys and states that they are responsible for the virus. He is also shown photos of numerous people suspected of being involved with the virus, including Goines. The scientists then send him back to 1996. Cole kidnaps Railly and sets out in search of Goines, learning that he is the founder of the Army of the Twelve Monkeys. When confronted, however, Goines denies any involvement with the virus and suggests that wiping out humanity was Cole's idea, originally broached at the asylum in 1990. Cole vanishes again as the police approach. After Cole disappears, Railly begins to doubt her diagnosis of Cole when she finds evidence that he is telling the truth, including a photograph from World War I in which Cole appears. Cole, on the other hand, convinces himself that his future experiences are hallucinations, and persuades the scientists to send him back again. Railly attempts to settle the question of Cole's sanity by leaving a voice mail on the number he provided, creating the message the scientists played prior to his second mission. They both now realize that the coming plague is real, and make plans to enjoy the time they have left. On their way to the airport, they learn that the Army of the Twelve Monkeys is a red herring; all the Army has done is delay traffic by releasing all the animals in the zoo. At the airport, Cole leaves a last message telling the scientists they are on the wrong track following the Army of the Twelve Monkeys, and that he will not return. He is soon confronted by Jose , an acquaintance from his own time, who gives Cole a handgun and instructions to complete his mission. At the same time, Railly spots the true culprit behind the virus: Dr. Peters ([[David Morse , an assistant at the virology lab run by Jeffrey's father. Peters is about to embark on a tour of several cities around the world, which matches the sequence  of viral outbreaks. After forcing his way through the security checkpoint in pursuit of Peters, Cole is fatally shot by police. As Cole dies in Railly's arms, she makes eye contact with a small boy: the young James Cole witnessing the scene of his own death, which will replay in his dreams for years to come. Dr. Peters, aboard the plane with the virus, sits down next to Jones , one of the lead scientists from the future."] ['The Invitation tells the story of a group of office workers, one of whom inherits a large country house and invites his co-workers to a party. At the party, they gradually let go of their inhibitions and get to know one another.'] ['{{Plot}} Smith is an 18-year-old film student who identifies sexually as "undeclared" with a strong sexual appetite. He has been having strange dreams. He is going to college with his best friend, Stella, whom he has known since junior high. Smith finds a note saying that he is the "chosen son". He has a roommate, Thor, whom he lusts after, regretting that Thor is straight. Stella goes to a party with Smith, but hooks up with another girl, Lorelei. He recognizes Lorelei as one of the people in his dream. Smith notices a guy, but he is distracted when a red-haired girl from his dream vomits on his shoe. The guy vanishes, but Smith gets picked up by London, a British student. They have sex, but to Smith\'s regret she does not want to be with him except during the sex. Smith visits a nude beach, and meets a man named Hunter. They start to have sex, but Smith is disappointed to hear that Hunter is married. Stella discovers that Lorelei is not only insatiable, but also a witch with rejection issues. Stella keeps trying to dump her, but has difficulty as the witch takes over Smith\'s body, and later tries to strangle her in the washroom. Stella saves herself by spraying water on the witch, causing her to burn up. During this time, Smith continues to dream about the red-haired girl. In his dreams, they are both pursued by people wearing animal masks. Smith finds out that the girl was killed, and her head was cut off. He later meets her twin sister, who says that she was kidnapped many years ago by men wearing animal masks. He also meets the guy from the earlier party, and learns his name is Oliver. He is gay and wants to go on a date with Smith. Smith walks in on Thor and his best friend Rex wrestling in their underwear. Though they are calling each other gay, Stella explains that only straight guys can get away with that. London seduces Rex and convinces him to have a three-way with Smith for his 19th birthday. The animal-masked people finally capture Smith, London, and Smith\'s mom. They are bundled into a van to be driven to meet the head of a secret cult. Smith finds out that it is his father , and London is his half-sister. Meanwhile, Stella, Oliver, and the perpetually stoned "Messiah" hook up to pursue the van. Oliver has powers like Lorelei\'s, but uses them for good. It turns out that meeting Oliver wasn\'t chance. He was looking for Smith to protect him. The Messiah was only acting stoned. He\'s also there to protect Smith. The animal-masked people turn out to be Thor, Rex, and Hunter. They must get London and Smith to a secret underground shelter to survive the explosion of dozens of nuclear bombs. Anyone not in the cult will be annihilated, and the cult will take over the world with Smith as its leader. The Messiah tries to run the van off the road, and both vehicles scream towards a bridge that is out. Smith\'s father presses a button and the whole Earth explodes, including the cult\'s underground shelter.'] ['There is something horribly wrong with the bodies found in the dark city streets. Some are mutilated while others have the Price equation (wΔz = Cov  carved into their flesh. Detective Eddie Argo and his new partner Helen Westcott unearth the meaning of the odd equation and realise each victim is being offered a gruesome choice: kill your loved ones, or be killed. Before long it becomes clear that the perpetrator has suffered a similar fate and is now coping by seeking a way to solve this philosophical dilemma.'] ['A inmate named Salem  escapes from an insane asylum in the dead of winter. His destination is the house of his sister, Ester , and her husband, Anton . His quest is revenge as he sets about framing Anton because Salem feels he was set up for a horrendous axe murder two years previously. On the case is an Inspector , who must determine if Anton is really crazy for claiming he saw Salem outside of the asylum and discover if Salem was really framed.'] ["In 1945, John J. Macreedy , who lacks the use of his left arm, steps off the Southern Pacific passenger train at the desert hamlet of Black Rock. It is the first time the train has stopped there in four years. Macreedy is looking for a man named Komoko, but the few residents are inexplicably hostile. The young hotel desk clerk, Pete Wirth ([[John Ericson , claims he has no vacant rooms. The newcomer is none-too-subtly threatened by local tough Hector David . Reno Smith , the town's unofficial leader, informs Macreedy that Komoko, as a Japanese-American, was interned during World War II. Certain that something is wrong, Macreedy sees the town sheriff, Tim Horn , but the alcoholic lawman is clearly afraid of Smith. The veterinarian and undertaker, Doc Velie , advises Macreedy to leave town immediately. Smith lets slip that Komoko is dead.  Pete's sister, Liz , rents Macreedy a Jeep. Macreedy drives to nearby Adobe Flats, where Komoko lived. He finds the homestead burned to the ground. On the way back, Coley Trimble  tries to run him off the road. When Smith later asks, Macreedy informs him he lost the use of his left arm fighting in Italy. Macreedy tells him he found wildflowers at the Komoko place, leading him to suspect that a body is buried underneath. Smith reveals that he is virulently anti-Japanese; he tried to enlist the day after the attack on Pearl Harbor, but was rejected. Macreedy tries to telephone the state police, but Pete refuses to put the call through. Doc Velie admits that something terrible happened four years ago and that Smith has everyone too terrified to speak up. Velie offers Macreedy his hearse to leave town, but it will not start. Then Hector comes over and rips out the distributor cap and spark plug wires. Macreedy dictates a telegram to Hastings  addressed to the state police. While Macreedy is having lunch, Trimble picks a fight, but Macreedy uses judo and karate to beat him up and knock him out. Macreedy tells Smith that he knows Smith killed Komoko and that he was too cowardly to do it alone, so he involved Hector, Pete, and Coley. Macreedy heads to the hotel lobby, hoping that Smith and his men won't dare attack him in such a public place. Smith and his henchmen are already there. Hastings tries to give Smith a telegram, but Macreedy snatches it away and discovers that it is his own unsent message. Macreedy and Doc Velie demand that Sheriff Horn do something. When Horn tries to confront Smith, however, Smith takes his badge and gives it to Hector. Hector tears up the telegram. After Smith and Hector leave, Macreedy reveals that the loss of his arm had left him wallowing in self-pity, but Smith's attempt to kill him has given him strength again. Macreedy finally learns what happened after revealing that he came to Black Rock to give Komoko his son's medal. Komoko's son was a soldier serving in Italy and died in combat trying to save Macreedy. Komoko leased some farmland from Smith, who was sure there was no water there. However, Komoko dug a well deep enough to find water, and installed a windmill there. After Smith was turned down for enlistment after Pearl Harbor, he and the other men spent the day drinking, then decided to scare Komoko. The old man barricaded himself inside his home, but the men set the place on fire. When Komoko emerged ablaze, Smith shot him. Pete lures the watching Hector into the hotel office, where Doc Velie knocks him out. Liz drives Macreedy out of town in her Jeep, but stops in a canyon. Macreedy realizes he has been betrayed. When Smith starts firing at him, Macreedy shelters behind the Jeep. Liz rushes to Smith despite Macreedy's warning. Smith tells her she has to die along with the rest of his accomplices. He shoots her in the back when she tries to run. Macreedy finds a bottle and fills it with gasoline from the jeep's fuel line, creating a Molotov cocktail. When Smith climbs down for a better shot, Macreedy throws it, hitting the rock next to Smith and setting him on fire. Macreedy drives up to the town jail with the injured Smith and Liz's body. Velie and Horn rush out; they had mustered up enough courage to jail Hector David and Coley Trimble. The state police are called in. As Macreedy is leaving, Doc Velie requests Komoko's medal to help Black Rock heal. Macreedy gives it to him just before boarding the train."] ['Six people travel by train overnight from Marseilles to Paris. When the train arrives at its destination, one of the passengers, a girl, is found dead in a sleeping berth. The police led by Inspector Grazzi investigate the other five passengers, suspecting that one of them was responsible. However, as the investigation is stepped up, the other passengers start turning up dead. It is then up to the last remaining two to solve the case, before they become the next victims.'] ['Prologue: With background music "Lascia ch\'io pianga" from Handel\'s Rinaldo . A couple\'s young son, Nic, falls from a window to his death on the snowy ground below while his parents  passionately make love. Chapter One: Grief: During Nick\'s funeral, the wife collapses. The other mourners gather around her, their faces blurred. Spending the next month in the hospital, in and out of consciousness and with little concept of time, she awakens crippled with grief. Her husband, a therapist, is skeptical of the psychiatric care she is receiving and takes it upon himself to treat her with psychotherapy. After a less-than-fruitful period at home, during which she tries to free herself from the pain of her child\'s death and dependence on psychiatric drugs, he decides to try exposure therapy. In an isolated cabin in the woods  where she spent time with Nick the previous summer while writing a thesis on Gynocide, he learns that her greatest fear centers on the structure and the surrounding vegetation. During the journey to Eden, while she sleeps, he encounters a deer which shows no fear of him. As the deer turns to leave he sees a dead fawn hanging halfway out of the womb. Chapter Two: Pain : The couple continue towards the cabin. Upon encountering a foot-bridge, she is overcome with fear. She hesitates and then sprints across the bridge and into the woods, leaving him to follow after her. During sessions of psychotherapy she becomes increasingly grief-stricken and manic. The environment surrounding the cabin also becomes increasingly sinister- acorns pelt the cabin like rapid gunfire, he awakens to find his hand covered in swollen ticks, and at the conclusion of this chapter he comes across a self-disemboweling fox which utters the words "chaos reigns." Chapter Three: Despair : He finds his wife\'s thesis studies- pictures of witch-hunts and a scrap-book filled with articles and notes on misogynist topics. Her writing becomes more frantic and illegible as the pages go on. It is revealed that, while writing her thesis, she came to believe that all women are inherently evil. He is repulsed by this and reproaches her for buying into the gynocidal beliefs she had originally set out to criticize. She asks him to hit her during sex. At first he resists, but when she flees into the woods and begins masturbating underneath a large tree he chases after her and half-heartedly complies. While they make love numerous hands are seen emerging from the roots of the tree.  He goes on to study Nick\'s autopsy report which states the bones in both of the child\'s feet were oddly deformed. The doctors at the time did not assign any importance to this fact as it was unrelated to the child\'s death. Finding numerous photographs of Nick in which his boots are on the wrong feet, he becomes increasingly agitated. This bizarre revelation has sinister undertones regarding his wife, who had been alone with the boy at the time the pictures were taken. At this moment she attacks him and accuses him of planning to leave her. She disrobes, mounts him, and then unexpectedly crushes his testicles with a block of wood. While he is unconscious from the pain, she goes on to masturbate him until he orgasms, ejaculating blood. Then, to prevent him from leaving, she drills a hole through his leg and bolts a heavy grind-stone through the wound. She tosses the wrench she used under the cabin where he cannot find it. He wakes up, finds himself alone, and drags himself outside. He hears her screaming for him, so he drags himself into a fox-hole to hide. As she searches for him he finds a crow buried alive in the fox-hole. The crow starts cawing loudly and repetitively, which lets her find his hiding spot. He beats the crow over and over, but it will not die. She finds him and tries to pull him out. She is unsuccessful and goes on to retrieve a shovel to inflict more pain while he lies in the fox hole, now partially buried alive. Chapter Four: The Three Beggars: Several hours pass. Night falls, and she apologizes to him, weeping profusely. She tries to find the wrench to unbolt the grind-stone, but cannot locate it. With a joint effort they are able to drag him back inside the cabin. He asks her if she wanted to kill him and she answers "not yet", adding cryptically that "when the three beggars arrive someone must die." There is a flash-back to an alternate view of the prologue in which she sees what was about to happen to Nick and does not act. It is unclear whether this is meant to be reality or merely an imagined vision symptomatic of extreme guilt. She then takes a pair of scissors and severs her clitoris while masturbating, letting out a tortured scream. During the night the couple are visited by the crow, the deer, and the fox. Hail beats against the roof of the cabin. Earlier it had been revealed that women in Ratisbon had been accused of witchcraft and had been known to have the power to summon hailstorms. The crow is heard making the same cawing sound beneath the floorboards of the cabin. Breaking through the floor he frees the bird and discovers the wrench. At this moment she stabs him in the back with a pair of scissors, but he is still able to remove the grind-stone. She stops fighting him after noticing a change of look in his eyes. He strangles her to death and burns her body on a funeral pyre outside the cabin. Epilogue: With background music again from Lascia ch\'io pianga, he makes his way from the cabin, eating wild berries, as the three beggars look on. Upon reaching the top of a hill he looks down to see hundreds of women ascending towards him, their faces blurred.'] ['Yoshioka, an experienced detective, investigates the murder of an unknown woman in a red dress. She was drowned on the Tokyo waterfront, but an autopsy reveals that her stomach is full of seawater. Moreover, all the clues he finds relate to himself: A button found at the murder scene matches one that is missing from his own coat, and fingerprints found match his own. Yoshioka realizes that the only viable suspect is himself; but he doesn’t remember a thing. A ghost in a red dress soon starts appearing to him. As these apparitions become more intense and bizarre, similar murders occur with people killing loved ones for small infractions. All the perpetrators are found by Yoshioka as he searches for clues about the original murder. Eventually the drowned woman is identified. Yoshioka visits her parents, only to find she had a boyfriend who was extorting her parents, who happens to visit the house at the same time. He quickly confesses to the crime. Yoshioka is visited by the ghost again who reveals that she is not the murdered woman, but a ghost of a woman whom he saw in the window of an asylum fifteen years ago who has died. All of the murderers took the ferry past the same asylum. Yoshioka sends his girlfriend away, afraid of what he might do to her. He goes to the asylum, where the woman in red agrees to forgive him for not helping her 15 years ago. He goes home, only to discover that he murdered his girlfriend 6 months ago. Going insane, he tries to forget. He collects the bones, and goes to the asylum to pick up the ghost\'s bones. His partner arrives at his apartment like the bowl of water, which was used to commit the murder, empty as the ghost menaces him in the background. An earthquake occurs as the bowl is refilled. The ghost suddenly appears and drags him into the bowl. The film ends with Yoshioka walking in the street holding a bag containing his girlfriend\'s and the ghost\'s bones, with the ghost repeatedly saying "I am dead" and "Please, I want everyone to die too".'] ['"When Strangers Appear" is a psychological thriller including Radha Mitchell , Barry Watson  and Josh Lucas . When Beth  opens her remote roadside diner, she expects another slow day. But almost immediately, Jack , a handsome drifter burst in, bleeding and on the run. Within moments, the three surfers Jack claims are chasing him appear and the stage is set for a deadly game of cat and mouse as Beth must decide whom to trust and whom to fear. The film features the single \'Calling On\' from Weta in its soundtrack.'] ['The newborn son of Robert Thorn  and his wife, Katherine , dies shortly after birth in Rome. Robert is coerced by Father Spiletto ([[Martin Benson  into substituting for the dead child an orphan whose mother died at the same moment, without telling Katherine. Out of concern for his wife\'s mental well-being, Robert agrees. They name the child Damien Thorn . Soon after, Robert is named U.S. Ambassador to Great Britain. While posted in England, Robert is plagued by several mysterious events. Damien\'s nanny publicly hangs herself at his fifth birthday party and a new nanny, Mrs. Baylock , suddenly arrives to replace her, also bringing an evil Rottweiler dog with her. Father Brennan  is aware of Damien\'s satanic origins and he explains them to Robert, who refuses to believe him. Brennan also warns Robert that his wife is pregnant, that Damien intends to kill the unborn child and that eventually he will kill Robert, too. The priest subsequently dies when a lightning rod falls on him and impales him through the side of his neck. Katherine tells Robert that she is pregnant but miscarries when she is knocked off a balcony by Damien. Following Father Brennan\'s death, and while piecing together other clues, photographer Keith Jennings ([[David Warner  begins investigating Damien after noticing marks on photographs of people that seem to predict their subsequent deaths. Keith travels with Robert as they investigate Damien\'s birth. They visit the Rome hospital but find that a fire destroyed the hospital records and maternity and nursery wards. Robert and Keith visit Father Spiletto at a rural monastery and discover he has been burned on his right half and struck mute. They are sent to a ruined cemetery and find a jackal\'s skeleton in Damien\'s mother\'s grave, and discover that Robert and Katherine\'s child was murdered to place Damien in their care. These shocking discoveries force Robert and Keith to believe Father Brennan\'s warning that Damien is the Antichrist. While Robert is away, Katherine is recuperating in the hospital from her injuries. All seems to go fine, when Mrs. Baylock suddenly appears and pushes her through a window, sending her body crashing into a parked ambulance. Robert travels with Keith to Israel to find Bugenhagen, an archaeologist who knows how to stop the Antichrist. Bugenhagen reveals that Damien will possess a birthmark in the shape of three sixes if he is the Antichrist. Robert learns that the only way to kill Damien is to stab him with the seven daggers of Megiddo. Refusing to murder what he believes is an innocent child, Robert throws the pack of daggers away from them. When Keith bends to retrieve them, a sheet of glass slides off a runaway truck, flies into him, and decapitates him. Horrified by Keith\'s death and having recovered the daggers, Robert returns to England and finds the birthmark buried under the hair on Damien\'s scalp. Mrs. Baylock attempts to murder Robert, but is stabbed through the side of her neck with a carving fork. Robert flees his residence with Damien, to kill him on hallowed ground, and is pursued by a security detail. After breaking into a church, Robert raises a dagger to stab Damien but is shot and killed before he can do so. Damien is placed in the care of the U.S. President, who is Robert\'s brother. They attend the funeral of Katherine and Robert, who receive an honorable burial and blessing by a Catholic priest. The camera then pans down on Damien, who turns to the audience and smiles innocently while "Ave Satani" plays.'] ['Jess picks up his girlfriend, Nicole, in his convertible to head out to California. On the way, Nicole complains she needs to pee and after refusing to go on the side of the road she urges Jess to find a rest stop, which he finds almost immediately. Nicole urinates in the cup and finds terribly messy and dirty conditions. She then exits the building to find her boyfriend gone. She calls out for him many times, and after receiving no reply, she is convinced he is gone. Her thoughts are reinforced when the deranged truck driver with license plate KZL-303 throws her the red cell phone that was in the convertible. Nicole goes to look for help and notices an RV and bangs on the door and asks for help. She has a short eerie ride with the passengers until she is eventually thrown out for looking at the deformed individual hidden behind curtains at the back of the vehicle. She then returns to the restroom where she hears a girl coughing up blood  with cuts all over whimpering in the maintenance room. She cautions Nicole about the deranged killer who tortured her. The girl then bleeds profusely and as Nicole\'s attention is diverted she disappears, blood and all. The man in the yellow truck continues to elude Nicole, until a cop arrives via motorcycle. At this point she feels saved, happy to have help arrived. Her happiness is temporary however, as the cop soon falls victim to the driver of the yellow truck by being completely oblivious to the situation and allowing the driver of the yellow truck to rev his engine and run him over without as much as an attempt to evade it. Then the officer\'s legs are run over repeatedly and injured severely in the process. Nicole is able to drag the officer to the rest room, where the two seek refuge from the psychopath. The cop eventually realizes that the situation they are in is hopeless. He tries to calm Nicole down, and tells her about his family. Eventually, the driver of the truck returns and locks Nicole and the officer in the restroom. Nicole, thinking the man has left, attempts to open the lock. The driver appears out of seemingly nowhere, and bites Nicole\'s finger off. The officer realizes that Nicole is going into shock and commands Nicole to shoot the driver when he returns. She fires four shots out of the officer\'s revolver into the door but is unable to see if she has struck the driver. The driver then drops a camera into the restroom via the open window. The video is of Jess being tortured with a knife; Jess then says he loves Nicole. The last shot of Jess shows him having his tongue cut out. The driver feeds a hose through the window and starts pouring gasoline into the room. Nicole tries to find an escape and is able to open a hatch in the ceiling. Realizing there is no way for her to get him out of the building the officer tells Nicole to use the two remaining bullets in his gun to kill him because he would rather die that way than be burned alive. She fails at first but eventually succeeds in the grisly task. The driver lights the gasoline and Nicole hurries to get out of the building. As Nicole is escaping she notices that the officer\'s body has mysteriously disappeared. Nicole is able to jump from the roof before the building explodes. Once she is on the ground Nicole encounters the man in the yellow truck once again. He exits the truck, and she sneaks up behind him, striking him with a tire iron. She turns him over and is shocked to discover it is actually Jess, with his mouth sewn shut, sporting other visible wounds. Nicole sneaks to the convertible where she fills a whiskey bottle that she had retrieved from a nearby Park Ranger\'s station and fills it with gasoline in order to concoct a makeshift Molotov cocktail to use against her attacker, should he return. Morning approaches, and she walks down the highway with the driver of the truck approaching her at a rapid speed. After some fumbling, she is able to strike a match and light her Molotov cocktail. She hurls the bottle at the truck and almost instantly it is consumed by flames, followed by a large explosion. After a few moments, the camera view changes to behind Nicole. She starts to run away, but as soon as she turned, a man looking very much like Jess is right there, and she and everything then fades to black. As an epilogue, the film ends with a totally different girl going to the same rest stop, after it is renovated due to the fire. She discovers Nicole in the maintenance room and runs out to the Park Ranger  to inform him of her discovery. He goes into the room, after unlocking it, and no one seems to be present. After he leaves, Nicole is shown behind some janitorial equipment calling out for help and vomiting blood. The next scene is from the view of a video camera. It shows the father from the RV burying the body of the man in the truck. The man, realizing he is being taped, goes into the RV and tells his deformed son "This is our little secret." The last scene shows the yellow truck driving down a deserted road.'] ["The central character in Mad Cowgirl is Therese, a meat inspector who is dying of a brain disorder. The film follows Therese on her surreal descent into violence, in which men in her life become the Ten Tigers of Canton that she must kill in order to become a better woman. Victims of Therese's violent surreal madness include her meatpacking brother Thierry, naughty Pastor Dylan, and a Sri Lankan doctor."] ["Two private bankers, Alistair  and Jamie , who have the world at their feet get their kicks from playing a 12 hour game of hunt, hide and seek with people from the margins of society. Their next target is Sean Macdonald  a parentless teenager who lives with his sister on a housing estate on the outskirts of Edinburgh. She's in debt, he's going nowhere fast. Sean agrees to play for cash. He soon realises he's walked into twelve hours of hell where survival is the name of the game."] ["Having solved a high profile case involving a serial killer, Jessica Shepard  is a rising officer in the San Francisco Police Department. She is transferred to the Homicide division and promoted to the rank of Inspector. Her deceased father's former partner, John Mills , serves as her proud mentor. The recently promoted Jessica finds that she might once again have to prove herself in a department that takes no prisoners. When one of her former one night stands is murdered, she and her new partner, Mike Delmarco , are assigned to the case. Shepard, who also has a drinking problem, soon falls under suspicion. Three more murders follow, all of whom have had relationships with her. Shepard begins to experience a mental breakdown, blacking out for increasingly long periods of time. Her father, a police patrolman, had gone on a killing spree back in the 1970s and then murdered her mother. She begins to fear that she has the same violent tendencies and that she has been committing murder in her disorganized state. With only her mentor's support she must find the perpetrator and clear her name, before she becomes the murderer's next victim. Finally Shepard finds out that Mills is the killer. He killed all of her lovers, as well as her parents, because he considered it his mission to prevent her growing up to be a dissolute woman like her mother. As her father's partner, he had felt the responsibility to inform him that his wife was a nymphomaniac, which drove him insane. As he had an illicit affair with Shepard's mother, and took offense to her behavior, he felt the need to kill her and her lovers. Also ashamed that he destroyed his partner's marriage and drove him insane, he decided to put him out of his misery by killing him. During his confession, Shepard secretly transmits Mills' confession on a mobile phone, allowing her old partner to track them down. When Mills tries to shoot her partner, Shepard shoots him in the chest and he falls off the dock. The film closes on him drifting on the ocean surface surrounded by sea lions as the cops look on."] ["A woman's infidelity leads her into a web of larceny and danger in this noir-flavored independent thriller. Mia DuBois  is a psychologist who until recently worked with the police department, counseling the survivors of victims of violent crime. While Mia has entered into a successful private practice, she's persuaded by her former colleagues to take on new client, Tammy , who is still dealing with the recent murder of her husband. As Mia helps Tammy with her problems, Mia finds herself thinking about her own marriage to Victor , which has hardly been happy lately. As Mia begins wondering if she has other options, she visits a mysterious nightclub, Pandora's Box, where she meets the sexy and mysterious Hampton Hines . Mia soon begins having an affair with Hampton, unaware that Hampton is actually working with Victor and Tammy; Mia is soon to inherit $20 million, and Victor is determined to get his hands on the money. Hampton soon shifts his alliances to stay with Mia, but Victor and Tammy are not giving up their shares of the fortune quite so easily."] ["In this psychological thriller, a very pregnant Francesca  travels from Los Angeles to Minnesota to meet her late husband's mother, Mrs. Kinsolving, whom she has never met before. Mrs. Kinsolving  is cold to Francesca, questions whether she is actually pregnant with her son's baby, and tells Francesca she wants nothing to do with her or her baby in the future. It soon becomes clear that Francesca cannot leave that night as a blizzard has made the roads impassable. Francesca is forced to stay in the Kinsolving mansion for a few days. She soon begins to suspect that something is amiss due to inconsistencies in information between what her late husband  told her and Mrs. Kinsolving's statements to her. While Matthew never mentioned he had a sister, Mrs. Kinsolving claims that the mentally challenged and non-verbal Kathleen  is Matthew's sister. After Mrs. Kinsolving retires for the night, Francesca sneaks around and discovers in the family bible that Matthew's mother  died eleven days after Matthew was killed in the Vietnam War, that Mrs. Kinsolving is actually Maria's sister, Katherine, who is Kathleen's mother and the mother of Kenny , a serial rapist and murderer who is hiding somewhere in the Kinsolving mansion. Francesca goes into labor, but Mrs. Kinsolving refuses to call for an ambulance. She sedates Francesca heavily. When the baby is born, Mrs. Kinsolving announces it is dead and hands the baby over to Kathleen to bury. That night, Kathleen rouses Francesca and takes her to the attic where she finds Kathleen has hidden her baby in a picnic basket. The baby is very much alive. Mrs. Kinsolving, suspecting Francesca is sneaking around the mansion, locks her in her room. Kathleen is able to locate the key to the room and unlocks it, allowing Fracesca to care for her baby. One night, Francesca secretly spies the unsuspecting Kenny who is hiding in the basement laundry. She overhears his conversation with Mrs. Kinsolving, and it is menacing. Meanwhile, Mrs. Kinsolving discovers that the family bible has been opened to the page detailing the date of Maria Kinsolving's death. Mrs. Kinsolving informs Kenny that Francesca knows Maria is dead, but does not think she is aware that Kenny is hiding in the mansion. The next morning, Mrs. Kinsolving announces that the blizzard has cleared enough for a driver to take Francesca into town to take the bus back to Los Angeles. At breakfast, the driver arrives—and it is Kenny. Francesca quickly tells Mrs. Kinsolving that she left her gloves in her third floor room and she needs to retrieve them. Instead she gets her baby from the attic, hides the baby under her coat and flees the mansion. However, Mrs. Kinsolving spots Francesca running away and yells for Kenny to get her. He takes chase and Kathleen notices. Francesca sees Kenny is quickly gaining ground, and she darts into the carriage house in an attempt to elude him. He locates her, they struggle, and he knocks Francesca unconscious. The baby slips from under her coat. Kenny smiles sadistically and covers the crying baby's face with his hand. Suddenly, Kathleen sneaks up behind him and stabs him in the back with a pair of scissors. The film ends with Mrs. Kinsolving cradling her dead son as Kathleen and Fracesca, holding her baby, look on and help arrives."] ["Alice Barlow  is murdered by an unknown man, who then ransacks her house, looking for her valuable and famous rubies. The house remains empty for years, until newlyweds Paul and Bella Mallen move in. Bella  soon finds herself misplacing small objects; and, before long, Paul  has her believing she is losing her sanity. B. G. Rough , a former detective involved in the original murder investigation, immediately suspects him of Alice Barlow's murder. Paul uses the gas lamps to search the closed off upper floors, which causes the rest of the lamps in the house to dim slightly. When Bella comments on the lights' dimming, he tells her she is imagining things. Bella is persuaded she is hearing noises, unaware that Paul enters the upper floors from the house next door. The sinister interpretation of the change in light levels is part of a larger pattern of deception to which Bella is subjected. It is revealed Paul is a bigamist. He is the wanted Louis Bauer, who has returned to the house to search for the rubies he was unable to find after the murder."] ['On a stormy night, a theatrical producer, his secretary, and playwright Prescott Ames are stranded when their car skids off the road and gets stuck. The three take refuge in the nearby home of Dr. Kent, a friend of Ames. One of Kent\'s patients, who is staying at the house, is acting strangely, and the others in the house tell the newcomers that she is behaving this way because it is the anniversary of her husband\'s murder. At dinner, the group begins exchanging accusations about the murder, when suddenly the lights go out, and soon afterwards comes the first in a series of mysterious and fearful events. The producer thinks all the strange occurrences are part of a ploy to get him to produce a play for Ames. In a great line, one of the other characters exclaims "These fools think we are putting on a play for their benefit!"'] ["A small-town policeman works to uncover the truth behind two crimes: the disappearance of his son eight years earlier, and a fifty year old homicide of another boy.Entertainment Weekly - Rhona Mitra in Indie 'Boy in the Box' In the opening scenes, a mummified corpse is unearthed at a construction site. At first the policeman fears and welcomes closure to the search for his son; however, pathology demonstrates that these are the remains from a much older crime. The film continues with parallel stories in flashback, showing the events leading to the crimes and the investigation. Work has become an obsession for Detective Tom Adkins  since the disappearance of his ten-year-old son, Tommy Jr. When an early morning phone call leads him to the mangled remains of a young boy who was brutally murdered 50 years ago, Adkins takes on the case in hopes of finding absolution. His investigation leads him to a man who lived in 1958 named Matthew Wakefield  and his mentally retarded son, John. The striking similarities in the cases pushes Adkins’ obsession over the top. Barely holding onto his sanity and bound by redemption, Adkins unravels the unspeakable truth behind what happened to his son."] ["After orchestrating a robbery, bank Vice President Jeremy Stanton  gets lost driving in the desert, en route to meeting his family with a deadline of eight hours. He listens to tapes by a lifestyle guru  and seeks help from a telephone route-finding service, which gives him guidance that does not agree with his map. At first it seems as if he has succeeded in the perfect crime, but things quickly deteriorate – he is pursued by one of his fellow robbers , a ruthless killer whom he double crossed; his wife begins to doubt the choices they've made; he attempts to turn himself in to a state trooper, who is found dead by his pursuer's hand – and self-doubt plagues him. The film is almost a solo performance, with few other characters except Stanton and Judy , the woman from the telephone route-finder service, and tension builds in a Kafka-esque style as it becomes clear that things are not what they seem. Ultimately, it is revealed that Judy has been paid by his pursuers to lead him into a trap. He is surrounded and one of his pursuers taps on the window as the movie ends."] ["Fugitive John Taylor flees an initially unspecified crime, with a wounded foot.  He stops in a convenience store for some disinfectant, just moments before it is robbed; he manages to turn the tables on the robber, but she gets away with his wallet. The store's TV identifies John and his car, so he quickly ditches it, proceeding on foot into an expensive neighborhood. With a sob story about being mugged, he gains entry to the house of Warwick Wilson, who is preparing a dinner party. He makes small talk and drinks red wine while trying to figure out his next move, and how to keep his lies from being found out. When the radio news makes an announcement about John, he angrily shushes Warwick, revealing himself. John intends to kill Warwick, and tells him so, also forcing him to call his guests to cancel. Suddenly, John keels over; the wine has been drugged, and Warwick is not the person he seems. When he comes to, John is tied to a chair, and the party is in swing -- but all the guests Warwick is interacting with are figments of Warwick's imagination. Warwick takes a Polaroid of John and reveals a scrapbook of his past dinner parties, each with a murder victim, and a timeline of things Warwick is going to do to him. As the night wears on, John is further terrorized, drugged and incapacitated, and learns various things about Warwick's strange lifestyle. John and Warwick play chess, with the prize being John's freedom; John, who is an excellent player, wins. Warwick lets John go as agreed but taunts him before he can leave, calling him worthless and secondary. John takes one of the swords on display in Warwick's living room and stabs him with it, but it proves to be a collapsible prop knife, and so Warwick knocks John out. When he regains consciousness again, they are in Warwick's bathroom, and Warwick cuts John's throat. John's body is left outside with the trash. He wakes up and discovers that most of his injuries are fake; Warwick is a master of movie makeup. Detective Morton arrives at Warwick's door -- Warwick is actually a police lieutenant, who is working John's robbery. Meanwhile, while waiting, John gets suspicious of Simone, the bank teller he was working with, and discovers she made alternate travel arrangements out of Los Angeles that don't include him. John locates Simone in a parking garage, taking her switch car and the money, leaving her to be captured by the detectives. Warwick stops John from leaving, and blackmails him for the robbery take, leaving him with only a couple thousand to get past the Mexican border. A couple of months later, Detective Morton receives a letter from Mexico -- it's a Polaroid from the dinner party of Warwick and John together. A suspicious Morton confronts Warwick, who blows it off, but when Morton persists, Warwick invites Morton to a dinner party."] ['A young man has just been admitted to a mental hospital after attempting suicide at a public beach. Unable to remember even his own name, the doctors call him John Doe #83. Soon after his arrival, the doctor assigned to him begins seeing and hearing things around her that have no explanation. Soon she begins to make the terrifying connection between the things she is seeing and her new patient.'] ["The main character of the movie is Sara Novak, a college student who, along with comic book store owner named Vern , spend their time solving riddles. The movie takes a twist when the riddles lead to the death of her friend Jeremy , leaving Sara to fear whether she is someone else's game."] ['"Suite Nothings" is a sleazy L.A. phone-sex hot-line voiced by failed models. Among them is Bobo, a psychotic killer who dresses in a clown costume. He holds a murderous vendetta against his fellow hot-line workers.'] ["Jack Elgin  is the European editor of The Economist, a magazine based in London, England. Jack has a wife named Maria  and three kids named Joanne , Julia , and Andrew . Jack subtly hijacks the family vacation, changing it from a lazy week of Mediterranean fun and sun in Corfu, Greece, to a tour of India, because of a story he has to cover. Maria is not as impressed as the kids are. Jack himself envisioned a chance to simultaneously seize a plum reporting assignment and spend at least a smidgen of quality time with his family. But on the way to India, their plane, a Boeing 747-200 owned by AM Air, an American airline, makes an unscheduled stopover in Limassol, Cyprus, because of a mechanical problem. After a while of waiting inside the Limassol airport, everyone gets back on the plane—which is then hijacked by a group of terrorists known as the August 15th Movement, led by a Serbian man named Ivanic Loyvek  and his right-hand man Karadan Maldic . And they are demanding $50,000,000 from the US State Department in one hour, or everyone on the airplane will die. The demand is met, and Loyvek and Maldic start releasing the women and children, with the men to go last. But as soon as a front passenger door is opened, a local police team gunning for the terrorists opens fire. The flight attendants frantically open the rest of the airplane's doors and start getting passengers out, but the terrorists start killing passengers, leading to an explosion. Maria, Joanne, and Julia get out of the airplane, and then Jack, holding Andrew, gets out—only to watch Maria, Joanne, and Julia get shot by the terrorists. Jack tries to hide Andrew's face so he can't see it. Maria and Joanne are dead, and Julia is still alive—but Julia burns to death while crying for help. In all, a total of 15 passengers die, and Loyvek and Maldic, the surviving terrorists, escape, knowing that they now have the $50,000,000. Jack feels that the hijacking would never have ended that way if the police team had waited until after the passengers were released from the airplane before getting trigger happy. Back in London, an absolutely devastated Jack is told that the terrorists were captured, but they were released and deported secretly, with no charges, no arrest—the result of some awfully compromised politics. Jack is understandably enraged that Loyvek and Maldic got off scot-free. While helping Andrew cope, Jack tries all the legal ways to ensure justice for his family, but to no avail. Jack pays a visit to Henry Davidson , a CIA agent who works at the American Embassy in London. Davidson tells Jack that there's little that can be done. Obviously, the American and British governments are completely impotent when it comes to going after Loyvek and Maldic, so Jack has absolutely no choice in the matter. He must do it himself. With the help of his ex-intelligence operative friend Kate Stockton , who is well-schooled in the finer points of international intelligence, Jack becomes a one-man anti-terrorist squadron, tracking down those who work with Loyvek and Maldic, and turning their own weapons against them. Dogging Jack's trail is FBI agent Jules Bernard , who's cooperating with Scotland Yard on anti-terrorist activities, and who suspects that Jack is the man who has been killing anyone involved in the hijacking. But as it turns out, Jules is on Jack's side, and he's willing to help Jack. After Jack kills Maldic, it turns out that Davidson was behind everything. Davidson had the airplane hijacked so he could get $50,000,000. With Jules's help, Jack sets out to make Loyvek and Davidson pay for the deaths of his family and the other people who died in Cyprus."] ['Jacob is an ordinary man living an ordinary life with his beautiful wife, until the day he wakes up in an eerie hotel room to find himself being brutally tortured by a mysterious woman. He succumbs to the unbearable pain and loses consciousness; only to awake safely back in his own home the next morning to discover that he has been missing for days. At first, Jacob believes his experience was just a vivid nightmare, until it happens again, and then again. As each episode becomes more realistic, he loses his grasp on what is real and what seems to be a sick game. Who are his friends? Who are his enemies? What is the truth? In the end the truth will be a lie, and the evil consuming him will stem not from his actions, but from his secret.  The story moves in to terrains that resemble the works of American film director David Lynch.'] ['Down-and-out New York detective Eddie Mallard  finds himself involved in the weirdest case of his career when a wealthy man asks for his help in stopping his ex-wife  from harassing him. Mallard finds that the case may be too much for him when he discovers that the woman died ten years ago – and that he is falling in love with her. This movie was originally created for HBO.'] ["Bud Corliss  is an ambitious student who is wooing Dorothy Kingship  purely for her father's mining fortune. When he discovers that Dorothy is pregnant with his child, he realizes she is quite likely to be disinherited by her wealthy family. He assures Dorothy that he'll take care of her, yet he hesitates when Dorothy insists on marrying. Bud then murders Dorothy and stages it in a way that it appears to be a suicide. He then reaches out to her sister Ellen  with the hopes of marrying her in order to ingratiate himself with her father. After a couple of months Ellen finds evidence to question the suicide verdict, and then discovers Bud knew Dorothy. Ellen struggles to avenge her sister and save her own life."] ['The film is set in the early 1950s. The British Prime Minister, ([[Ronald Adam , is sent a letter by Professor Willingdon ([[Barry Jones , who works at Britain\'s Atomic weapons development facility, the Wallingford Research Centre, from which he has surreptitiously taken a nuclear warhead. It is a very explicit threat that Willingdon will destroy the centre of London in a week\'s time, at noon , unless the British government declares that it is to stop all stockpiling of nuclear warheads. Detective Superintendent Folland  of Scotland Yard\'s Special Branch is charged with tracking down Willingdon and stopping him. Arriving at the  Wallingford Research Centre , Folland\'s team find Willingdon missing, along with a nuclear bomb. Willingdon\'s assistant Lane  is recruited to help and they return to London to search for him. Willingdon, carrying his bomb in a Gladstone bag, finds lodgings with Mrs. Peckitt , but spooks her with his constant pacing around his room during the night. The following morning, he leaves early and seeing a \'wanted\' poster with his face, disguises himself with a new coat and having his moustache shaved off. Folland\'s team plan for the worst and get Cabinet approval to evacuate London. Rumours begin to fly that another war is about to be declared, and the Prime Minister agrees to do a radio broadcast to try to quash these, and appeal to Willingdon to give himself up. The next day, Willingdon\'s daughter, Ann , turns up at Folland\'s office to demand some answers. Folland tells her all and asks her to stay and help - she may be the only person the professor will listen to. Mrs. Peckitt reports Willingdon to the police, thinking that he is a \'landlady murderer\' reported in the paper, but a quick-thinking constable realises the description better matches Willingdon and a car is sent to check him. Unfortunately, Willingdon spots it on his way back to his lodgings and makes a quiet get-away. Driving back to their hotel from the police operations centre, Lane and Ann Willingdon spot the professor and try to catch him. An updated description is quickly circulated. That evening Willingdon bumps into \'Mrs\' "Goldie" Phillips , she offers that he can buy her a drink, the two of them having met, by chance, earlier at a pawn brokers. Without any lodgings, Goldie offers him her \'spare\' bed for the night. By this time, London is being evacuated and Willingdon decides to lie low. The troops have begun to search and Goldie\'s bedsit seems a good place to remain hidden. Willingdon is forced to hold Goldie hostage, fearing that if he didn\'t, she would inform the authorities of his location. The streets cleared, Willingdon makes his escape and finds his final refuge, a bomb blitzed church. The net steadily closes and Willingdon is finally found, praying. Lane, Ann and Folland arrive to try to talk the professor away from his bag. He panics, runs from the church, and is killed by an even more panicking soldier. With seconds to spare, Lane has the bomb defused.'] ['Edward Jessup  is a university professor of abnormal psychology who, while studying schizophrenia, begins to think that "our other states of consciousness are as real as our waking states."Invasion of the Mind Snatcher, a December 1980 review by Richard Corliss in Time Jessup begins experimenting with sensory-deprivation using a flotation tank, and he travels to Mexico to participate in what is apparently an Ayahuasca Ceremony, although his guide states that the Indigenous tribe they are meeting works with Amanita muscaria which they are collecting for next year\'s ceremonies. An indigenous elder was seen with Banisteriopsis caapi root in his hand prior to cutting Jessup\'s hand, adding the ingredient of blood. Immediately after consumption he experiences bizarre, intense imagery. The professor then returns to the U.S. with a tincture and begins taking it orally before each session in the flotation tank where he experiences a series of increasingly drastic psychological and physical transformations. Edward\'s mind experiments cause him to experience actual, physical biological devolution. At one stage he emerges from the isolation tank as a feral and curiously small-statured, light-skinned Primitive Man. In a subsequent experiment he is regressed into a mostly amorphous mass of conscious, primordial matter. It is only the physical intervention of his wife Emily which brings him back from this latter, shocking transformation in which he seems poised on the brink of becoming a non-physical form of proto-consciousness and possibly disappearing from our version of reality altogether. The experiments worsen, as Professor Jessup experiences episodes of involuntary spontaneous temporary partial devolution. This occurs outside of the isolation tank and without the intake of additional doses of the hallucinogenic tincture. His early reaction is more one of fascination than concern, but as his priorities gradually change due to Emily\'s determination to keep from losing him, he finally begins to act like someone who values his humanity.'] ["Ting is a struggling young actress who one day is noticed by Royal Thai Police Lieutenant Te, who heads up the crimes re-enactment unit and is always on the look-out for fresh talent. Ting is put to work playing the victim in photo shoots with the hand-cuffed accused killers and rapists at crime scenes. The photos are published in Thai newspapers as a means of the police publicizing that they have closed the case and done their jobs. Ting takes a liking to her job, and is so convincing that even the criminals are moved to remorseful tears. Her popularity soaring, Ting is signed to play the lead in a film based on one of her true-crime re-enactments - the murder of Meen, a former Miss Thailand whose husband, Dr. Charun, is accused of the crime. Ting then starts experiencing some scary visions that lead her believe that Meen's longtime friend, Fai, is responsible. Then it is revealed that the events were actually entirely a film about Meen's murder, and Ting is merely a character being played by another actress named May. But while on the set filming the movie, in real life May was really possessed by a spirit that is very obsessed by her."] ["Cheryl Draper , an ex-Nazi, sets up the woman to make her seem insane and she's locked up in a mental institution. With the aid of a sympathetic yet skeptical Police Lt. Lawrence Mathews , the woman is released and confronts the killer."] ['Jennifer Peters  attempts to save her brother Roy, who has been abducted by a serial killer. The murderer is known as the Riddle Killer, or R.K., because of how he ties in riddles with his murders. Jennifer has recently written a book about the nature of serial killers, to which R.K. has taken offence. Jennifer follows R.K.\'s clues and finds Roy, but fails to save him as the car in which he is trapped explodes. Kevin Parson  is a seminary theology student. Kevin has recently completed the third draft of his thesis about the nature of good and evil. One day, he receives a phone call from R.K., demanding that he confess some unspecified sin, or his car will explode. He also tells Kevin a riddle: "What falls but never breaks? What breaks but never falls?"  Puzzled at what sin he means and the riddle, Kevin quickly escapes from the car before the explosion. He informs the police, among them Jennifer, but leaves out the part about the sin the killer demanded he confess, believing that the sin is what he did some time ago. Back at his home, he meets up with his friend since childhood, Samantha Sheer ([[Laura Jordan . They decide to try to figure out the mystery of the Riddle Killer, who continues to target him, and who appears to be somehow able to monitor Kevin in his own home. Kevin receives a threat against his childhood dog, and goes to the house of his Aunt Balinda , who abused him when he was a child. He fails to save his dog from a bomb. Kevin and Sam also find that his home has been broken into, and the papers of his thesis scattered around. They find a clue left by R.K. that a bus would be destroyed, and luckily manage to get everyone off in time. Sam and Kevin theorize who might have a grudge against him. Kevin remembers a boy from when they were children who tried to kill him. In self-defense, Kevin had locked him in a warehouse and left him to die. They conclude that he escaped, and is now R.K. Kevin confesses leaving him in the warehouse on television and apologizes, hoping to satisfy him and that he would now be left alone. However, R.K. insists that it is not sufficient and does not relent. Jennifer tries to research who the boy might have been, but she finds nothing. She also visits Kevin\'s Aunt Balinda, and finds that she has been keeping her husband and son Bobby in the dark about the entire world outside their home, and had done so to Kevin as well. R.K. leaves a bomb in another warehouse and lures Kevin and Sam in to try to stop it. He locks Sam in a room while her back is turned, and Kevin gets her out, but they do not have time to stop the bomb. Jennifer and the police arrive and investigate. Sam leaves, and Kevin insists on not cooperating with Jennifer, as the killer insisted on no police involvement, under threat of killing more people. Jennifer declares her resignation, saying that as she is no longer officially involved, she no longer counts. However, Kevin ignores her. Kevin finds another threat, this time to his Aunt Balinda. He rushes to try to save her. He finds Balinda tied up, and the Riddle Killer introduces himself as Slater .In the book, Slater\'s identity is given at the beginning. Sam finds a note by R.K. and is startled to see he has the same handwriting as Kevin. In a phone conversation, Jennifer and Sam talk about it, and how there was only one pair of footprints in the warehouse, and how Sam had never actually seen R.K. They realize that all the riddles were about opposites, like nightfall and daybreak, and R.K. might actually be essentially Kevin\'s "evil half." There is another threat, Kevin is told some clues that help him to know that a library building will be exploded as well, so Kevin and Samantha try to stop this incident from happening. Kevin almost died this time. After finding where Kevin went, Sam rushes to Balinda\'s house, and finds that the Riddle Killer, Slater, is real after all when she looks under the door and sees two pairs of shoes. Slater explains that he will have Kevin kill Balinda, then leave him to take the blame, as everyone will believe Kevin is the Riddle Killer. Jennifer arrives to find Kevin pointing a gun at himself. As it turns out, Slater and Sam are both figments of Kevin\'s imagination. Kevin had been traumatized by the treatment by Balinda, had imagined his friend Samantha and the boy with whom he had fought, and had subconsciously imitated the real Riddle Killer. Jennifer convinces Kevin of this, and his visions of Slater and Sam vanish.In the book, Sam herself convinces Kevin to open his eyes, and to see the creator. Kevin is devastated that his best friend is gone, but the professor assures him that Samantha will always be with him; she is him. Kevin had said that the real Riddle Killer was right in front of their eyes, and Jennifer discovers while examining his wall of clippings that the hot dog vendor who had supposedly been given a book by the killer to give to her is at the front of the crowd in a photo, holding a camera. When captured, he confesses that he hates copycats and had meant to kill Kevin for copying him. Kevin is sent to an institution, and Jennifer visits him there.'] ['A psychotic killer, Garland "Red" Lynch, uses a campaign of terror to force San Francisco bank teller Kelly Sherwood to steal $100,000 from the bank for him. Despite his threat to kill her or her teenaged sister Toby if she goes to the police, Sherwood contacts the San Francisco office of the FBI, where agent John Ripley takes charge of the case. Ripley interviews a woman who implies that she\'s involved in some way in a serious crime, but before she can give Ripley the details, Lynch murders her. Sherwood continues to be terrorized with phone calls, an asthmatic condition making the unseen Lynch\'s voice all the more sinister. The FBI identifies the criminal, noting that Red Lynch has a record of convictions for statutory rape, forgery, criminal assault, armed robbery and murder. They track down his girlfriend, Lisa Soong, whose 6-year-old son has just had a hip replaced. Lynch is paying all the hospital bills. Because of this, Lisa refuses to believe that Lynch is a criminal and will not cooperate with the investigation. Ripley nevertheless manages to get some information about "Uncle Red" from the boy. Lynch finally gives Sherwood a time and date to steal the money, and just to make sure that she does, he kidnaps her sister Toby and holds her captive. The climax is a chase through Candlestick Park after a nighttime baseball game between the San Francisco Giants and Los Angeles Dodgers. Ripley and his men ultimately surround Lynch on the infield of the stadium.'] ['Dr. Martin Harris and his wife Liz arrive in Berlin for a biotechnology summit. However, upon arriving at Hotel Adlon, Martin realizes his briefcase was left at the airport. He takes a taxicab driven by a woman named Gina, but on the way to the airport, the cab crashes off a bridge into the river. Martin is knocked unconscious upon impact, but Gina saves him from drowning before fleeing from the scene to avoid the police, since she is an illegal immigrant from Bosnia. On Thanksgiving day, Martin regains consciousness at the hospital after being in a coma for four days. Martin returns to his hotel, only to discover another man with his wife, who claims she doesn\'t know him. He attempts to contact his old colleague Prof. Rodney Cole, who is unavailable due to Thanksgiving in the U.S. Martin then heads to the office of Prof. Leo Bressler, whom he is scheduled to meet that day. However, he sees the impostor, "Martin B," already in a meeting with Bressler. As Martin attempts to prove his identity, Martin B shows him his ID and family photo – both of which have Martin\'s name, only with his face replaced by that of the impostor. Disillusioned by the identity crisis, Martin falls unconscious and finds himself back at the hospital. Smith, an assassin sent to target him, kills Nurse Gretchen Erfurt, but Martin escapes. He then seeks help from Nurse Erfurt\'s friend, private investigator and former Stasi agent Ernst Jürgen. Martin\'s only clues are his notebook and Gina, who works at a diner after being fired from the taxicab company since the incident. While Martin attempts to persuade Gina into helping him clear up his identity problem, Jürgen digs up information related to Martin and the biotechnology summit. He discovers that the summit is to be attended by Prince Shada of Saudi Arabia, who is funding a secret project headed by Bressler. Prince Shada has survived numerous assassination attempts from extremists in his own country, and Jürgen suspects that Martin\'s identity theft may be another attempt at taking the Prince\'s life. Meanwhile, Smith and another assassin, Jones, attempt to eliminate Martin and Gina, but the couple escape after a fight at her apartment, in which Gina kills Smith, and a car chase. Martin looks at his notebook and sees a set of numbers written by his spouse. The numbers correspond to words found on specific pages of the notebook, which appear as secret codes. Using the schedule written on the notebook, Martin confronts Liz, who tells him that he left his briefcase at the airport. Meanwhile, Jürgen receives Cole at his office, and discovers that both Cole and Martin are members of a secret squad of mercenaries known as "Section 15." Realizing Cole is there to kill him, Jürgen commits suicide by drinking cyanide-laced coffee in order to protect Martin. After retrieving his briefcase, Martin parts ways with Gina. She sees him kidnapped by Cole and Jones, and steals a taxicab and chases after Cole\'s van. Martin wakes up in a car park and is told by Cole that Martin Harris is a cover name, and that he, Liz and Martin B are assassins sent to target the summit. Because he injured his head during the car crash, his memory was altered and he believed that his fake Martin Harris persona was his own identity. Gina rushes in and stops Jones from killing Martin as Cole hides in his van. There is a brief fight between Jones and Gina that ends when Gina drives her car into Jones and squashes him against Cole\'s van. Gina drives her car into the van and sends it plummeting out the car park with Cole still inside, killing him in the process. Martin discovers a hidden compartment in his briefcase and finds two Canadian passports, realizing he and Liz were in Berlin three months prior to plant a bomb in the suite that is to be occupied later by Prince Shada for the summit. Having become aware of his own role in the assassination plot, Martin seeks to redeem himself by thwarting the assassination and heads for the hotel with Gina in tow. They are immediately arrested by security, but Martin convinces them of his presence in the hotel three months back. He then realizes that Prince Shada is not the target, but Bressler, who has developed a genetically modified breed of corn that is capable of surviving any climate, easing the world\'s food supply problem. With Bressler\'s death and the theft of his research, billions of dollars would fall into the wrong hands. Liz uses her own copy of the notebook\'s secret codes to remotely access Bressler\'s laptop and steal the data. After being convinced there is a bomb, security evacuates the hotel. Seeing that their assassination attempt has been foiled, Liz tries to disarm the bomb, but cannot reach the disarmament button and is killed as a section of the Adlon is blown up. Martin kills Martin B, the last remaining assassin, before he could murder Bressler. Bressler later announces his project to the world, which will be displayed to public for free, while Martin and Gina board a train with new passports, adopting new identities.'] ["Two doctors discuss the case of a man who identifies himself as Ward Andrews. This man escapes from a mental institution. His doctors call the police, because outwardly the man may seem sane, but underneath, he suffers from paranoia and is capable of murder. Phillip Monrell ([[Robert Montgomery  and his former college roommate Ward Andrews  arrive at the Monrell home, where they meet Phillip's mother's secretary, Stella Bergen . They are both strongly attracted to her. She prefers the more responsible, hardworking Ward, but ends up marrying the idle Phillip instead. Phillip is put in charge of the family steel mill, but is not suited for the job. He begins to exhibit signs of mental illness, particularly abnormal jealousy of any competition for his wife's affections. Despite this, he hires Ward to be the chief engineer at the mill. Eventually, Phillip's paranoid suspicion that Ward and Stella love each other drives him to try to kill his rival at work. Ward confronts him and quits. Stella, convinced that her husband is insane, leaves him and meets Ward. Phillip phones them and promises to grant her a divorce if Ward will talk with him in person. Despite Stella's misgivings, Ward agrees to see him. However, Phillip provokes a loud argument and Ward leaves. Afterwards, the madman kills himself, carefully framing Ward for the crime. Ward is arrested, convicted of murder and sentenced to be executed. A frantic Stella is unable to convince anyone of his innocence. The day before the execution, she is visited by Dr. Rameau , a psychiatrist who had been treating Phillip. He is convinced that Phillip committed suicide and that he would have left some message bragging about it. They go to the Monrell mansion and start searching. Mrs. Monrell  reveals that her son kept diaries; then, Clark , the butler, recalls that he mailed a package to Paris. They take a flight to France and find the book, which exonerates Ward."] ["Irena , a Ukrainian prostitute on the run, is determined to find a job in an elegant apartment building in northern Italy, and starts by cleaning the stairs. She does it in order to inch her way into working for a family residing in that building. She befriends Gina , the nanny of the family's child, Thea , who also lives with them in their apartment. When the nanny is crippled in a fall -- tripped by Irena -- but presumed to be accidental, Irena is hired to take her place.http://www.jff.org.il/?CategoryID376 Through flashbacks, viewers learn that Irena has been physically and emotionally abused, and forced to bear nine children, all taken away at birth to be sold to adoptive families. After stabbing her pimp and leaving him for dead, she sets out to find her youngest child, whom she believes is Thea; hence the plot to work for them. Adoption documents in the apartment convince her that Thea is indeed her daughter. The mother grows suspicious of Irena and fires her, despite the loving relationship that has grown up between Irena and the child. Irena's pimp stalks her and sends out thugs to beat her up as she walks down the street. He rigs her employer's car, leading to a crash in which Thea's mother is killed. The pimp forces Irena to drive him to a location that may or may not contain the money Irena stole from him when she left him for dead. During a struggle, he falls and is killed as his head hits a rock. Thea's father moves to a new apartment and prepares a room for Irena, but as the police suspect foul play around the death of Thea's mother, Irena is taken into custody. She reveals both that the true culprit is the pimp and that she killed him. She is tried, and sent to jail. Thea stops eating until the judge allows Irena to visit her in the hospital and feed her. DNA testing reveals that Thea is not her daughter after all. After she is out of jail, she finds Thea, a young lady now waiting for her."] ['In 1959, Michael Courtland , a New Orleans real estate developer, has his life shattered when his wife Elizabeth  and young daughter Amy are kidnapped. The police strongly recommend that he provide the kidnappers with shredded blank paper instead of the demanded ransom, and he agrees to the plan. This leads to a bungled car chase in which both kidnappers and victims are killed in a spectacular explosion. Courtland blames himself for the deaths of his wife and daughter. Fifteen years pass. Courtland is morbidly obsessed with his dead wife, and regularly visits a monument he has had built in her memory. The monument is a replica of the church  where he and Elizabeth had met many years before in Florence, Italy. His real estate partner Robert LaSalle  convinces Courtland to tag along on a business trip back to Florence. While there, Courtland revisits the church, and suddenly comes face to face with a young woman named Sandra  who looks exactly like his late wife. The already slightly unhinged Courtland begins to court the young woman, and subtly attempts to transform her into a perfect mirror image of his dead wife.  Courtland returns to New Orleans with Sandra so they can marry. On their wedding night, Sandra is kidnapped and a ransom note is left behind by her abductors. It is an exact replica of the kidnappers\' message from fifteen years before. This time, Courtland decides to deliver the demanded cash. He withdraws massive quantities of money from his accounts and business holdings, financially ruining him and forcing him to sign over his interest in the real estate business to LaSalle. In the process, he discovers that his entire ordeal, including the original kidnapping, had been engineered by LaSalle as a way to gain sole control of Courtland\'s company share holdings. The now nearly insane Courtland stabs LaSalle to death. Knowing that Sandra must have been a willing accomplice in the plot against him, he goes to the airport to kill the escaping woman. On the plane, Sandra has a flashback to her part in the scheme; she is in fact Courtland\'s daughter, allowed by LaSalle to survive the explosive traffic "accident" from years before that had killed her mother. LaSalle had told her lies about Courtland over the years, convincing her that her father had not paid the ransom because he didn\'t love her. Sandra, who now loves Courtland, attempts suicide on the plane and is taken off the flight in a wheelchair. Courtland sees her and runs toward her, gun drawn. A security guard attempts to stop him but Courtland smashes the briefcase full of money against the guard\'s head, knocking him unconscious. The briefcase breaks open and all of the money flies out. Sandra, seeing the fluttering bills, stands up and shouts: "Daddy! You brought the money!" Courtland now realizes for the first time who Sandra really is, and father and daughter fall into a deep embrace.'] ['18 Vayasu is all about a mentally unstable youngster, who falls in love. Be it happiness or anger, he has a unique way of expressing it. Whenever he is depressed, he takes on the behaviour of an animal that he sights first.It released on August 24, 2012 and received negative reviews.[1][2] [3]18-vayasu-movie-trailer.{{cite web}}'] ["Sixteen-year-old Alice Palmer drowns while swimming in the local dam. When her body is recovered and a verdict of accidental death returned, her grieving family buries her. The family then experiences a series of strange and inexplicable events centred around their home. Profoundly unsettled, the Palmers seek the help of psychic and parapsychologist, Ray Kemeny. The family soon discovers that Alice led a double life. A series of clues lead the family to Lake Mungo where Alice's secret past emerges."] ['A man named Cronin Mitchell  survives a horrible electrical accident but ends up with a badly scarred face. He also finds that he has developed strange psychic and telekinetic powers. His maimed face depresses him and he strikes a bargain with a witch, Ellen , who agrees to fix him, on the condition that he becomes her lover. This is difficult, because although she appears beautiful to every one else, his powers enable him to see that she is hideously ugly. Still, he vainly wants his good looks back and so they become lovers and begin traveling the country. Cronin Mitchell becomes a renowned psychic. Circumstances change when he attempts to use his psychic abilities to identify a maniac who is committing murders in the small town of Jefferson, Wisconsin and runs head-to-head into a karate-happy government official, Alex Jordan , sent by the federal government to work on the case. Trouble really begins when Alex begins falling in love with the witch, and he has no idea what he is getting himself into.'] ["Tom  is having a particularly bad day; not only has his unemployment run out, but he has also been evicted from his apartment. Retirement-home caregiver Brandi Boski  is potentially up for a promotion at work, and celebrates with a night of drinking and Ecstasy before driving home. On the way, she hits Tom with her car and he becomes trapped in her car's windshield. Afraid of being arrested, Brandi continues to drive home with the promise that she will get him help. But as she begins to debate the issue, Brandi feels the accident will destroy her life and opts to take a taxi to work, leaving him to die slowly in her garage. When Tom realizes this, he painfully tries to escape. Brandi enlists the help of her boyfriend, Rashid , in an attempt to kill and dispose of Tom. Meanwhile, Tom is able to pull himself free from the windshield, but before he is able to escape the garage, Rashid and Brandi restrain him. They go back into Brandi's house and decide to kill Tom, and hide the evidence by burning both Tom and the car. Rashid returns to the garage, and prepares to shoot the apparently unconscious Tom with a revolver. Tom, secretly awake, manages to attack Rashid, before stabbing him through the eye with a concealed pen, killing him. During the brawl, a shot is discharged from the gun, prompting Brandi to investigate. Tom tries to start the car, but Brandi enters the garage before he is able to do so. Tom knocks Brandi over and limps out of the garage towards the street, taking Rashid's gun with him. Brandi pursues Tom, wielding a hammer from the garage. Tom pleads with Brandi to stay back, not wanting to fire on her, but she subdues him with the hammer. She drags Tom back to the garage and begins dousing the room with gasoline, panicking. She hopes that the police will conclude that Tom broke in, attacked Rashid, and accidentally became engulfed in flames while trying to burn the garage down. However, Tom is able to sneak back into the car, start it, and drive forwards, pinning Brandi against the back of the garage. Brandi begs for help, while Tom steps out of the car and lights a match. He asks why she didn't help him, and Brandi says she doesn't know, and continues to plead for her life. Tom decides to spare Brandi and extinguishes the match. Brandi suddenly produces Rashid's revolver and fires on Tom. He ducks behind the car, and a stray bullet ignites the gasoline, setting Brandi alight. As she screams in pain, burning to death, Tom struggles to the front of the garage and is able to open the door. He stumbles out onto the driveway and collapses, as neighbours surround him, alerted by the fire. Tom is helped away, and turns to look at the burning garage, where Brandi's screaming has subsided."] ['A young mild-mannered American couple, Cliff  and Cydney  are celebrating their honeymoon by hiking to a remote beach in Hawaii. The couple comes across Nick  a solo hiker, who saves Cydney\'s life when she slips crossing a narrow ledge. The trio approach a group of frightened female hikers discussing a double murder in Honolulu of another newlywed couple on the island, with the victims having their teeth pulled out and fingertips removed, Cydney and Cliff discuss whether they should turn back. The couple decide to continue hiking with Nick, who claims to be an Iraq War veteran and subsequently meet up with his girlfriend, Gina . Cliff suspects that the couple of hitchhikers that he and Cydney had earlier turned down for a ride Cleo  and Kale  and run into on the trail might be dangerous. He checks their bags after discovering that his and Cydney\'s permits are gone. Then, he, Cydney, Nick and Gina leave together, but Cliff suspects that Kale and Cleo are following them. Nick and Cliff split up to search for Kale and Cleo. Cliff runs into a guide he and Cydney had met before setting off on the hike, who gives him the permits they had left behind. He and Nick return to the campsite, with Nick bringing a goat he had killed. Gina proceeds to expertly gut and butcher the goat, saying she learned how by working in the meat department of a grocery store. The following day, Kale and Cleo are arrested by the police. A container full of pulled teeth is found in their bag. Cliff, Cydney, Nick and Gina head to the beach, where Nick and Cliff decide to go see a marine cave via kayaks. As Gina idly looks through the photos on Cydney and Cliff\'s video camera, she is horrified to realize that they are not who they say they are. Gina sets off after Nick and Cliff with Cydney chasing after Gina. Flashbacks then reveal that Cliff  and Cydney are a drug addicted sociopath couple who murdered the newlyweds in Honolulu. They kill people and take their identities in order to, as Rocky  puts it, live a hundred different lives and achieve a kind of immortality. It is also revealed that "Cliff" planted the teeth in Kale and Cleo\'s bag to frame them. In the cave, Rocky shoots Nick just as Gina arrives, having run along the cliffs. Rocky shoots at her, but misses. Cydney sneaks up on Gina and attacks her. Gina is stabbed in the leg but manages to push Cydney off the ledge into the water. Gina fortuitously receives a call on her cell phone from a phone company representative. She begs him to call the police. She then spots Cydney below in the kayak just as Rocky pops up over the cliff ledge to grab her feet. Gina stabs him in the hand with Cydney\'s knife and flees. While Rocky chases her and Cydney kayaks ashore to intercept the police, Nick, saved by the titanium plate in his head, wakes up. Gina, in turn, runs into a group of men searching for their stolen kayaks, who tell her she is safe now. Rocky tries to convince the men that Gina is whacked out on drugs, but when one of them, who happens to be an EMT , notices his enlarged pupils, he ends up killing all of them as Gina runs toward the beach. At this point, Nick arrives and fights with Rocky, eventually getting the upper hand. At that point, the police arrive by helicopter with a rifle aimed at Nick. They ask for confirmation from Cydney, accompanying them in the helicopter, that Nick is the killer, and she pauses. Gina pulls Nick away from Rocky just in time to save him from the police sharpshooter. Cydney then tells the police that Rocky is the killer. Rocky is shot dead as he reaches for his gun. Later, a medical helicopter comes and takes Nick and Gina. Nick proposes to her on the helicopter and admits that he had bought the ring on eBay. She happily accepts and they agree: "No honeymoon."'] ['Dr. Carter Nix  is a respected child psychologist. His wife, Jenny , becomes concerned that Carter is obsessively studying their daughter, Amy; he regards her like a scientist tracking the development of his creation. Carter actually suffers from multiple personality disorder. His multiples are Cain, a streetwise hustler, Josh, a traumatized little boy, and Margo, a middle-aged mother figure. Carter/Cain is killing young mothers to procure their children for his experiments. Jenny is having an affair with Jack Dante , the widower of a former patient. She had a relationship with him years ago, but he left her. Now she plans to leave Carter and elope with him. When Carter accidentally discovers their tryst, he descends completely into his madness and begins leaving subtle clues for the police that Jack is the real killer. Next, he attempts to kill Jenny by submerging her car in a lake. She escapes and confronts Carter at home. Unable to find Amy, Jenny demands Carter tell her where she is. Carter replies that she is with his father, whom Jenny knows has been dead for years. Carter is apprehended for attempted murder. The police bring Dr. Lynn Waldheim  to interrogate him. Waldheim interviews Carter and informs the police that she co-wrote a book with Dr. Nix Sr. called Raising Cain, about a boy with multiple personality disorder. Dr. Nix Sr. had extensive detailed knowledge of Cain\'s tortured childhood, including taped recordings of their sessions. However, Waldheim was never allowed to meet Cain. She pieced the situation together: Dr. Nix Sr. dispassionately put his own son through years of severe child abuse to gain firsthand accounts of his traumatic psychological development and study the emerging personalities. Horrified, Waldheim quit the project. During interrogation, the "Carter" personality disappears, and "Margo"  and "Josh"  act and speak for him. Josh recites a rhyme and vanishes, and Margo assumes control of the body. She stonewalls Waldheim from any further questioning. Eventually, Carter/Cain breaks from their confines. They pounce upon Dr. Waldheim, knocking her unconscious and leaving the building disguised as her. The police soon find Waldheim begging them to arrest Carter before any children are harmed. Dr. Nix, Sr.  is in fact alive, having faked his own death to elude prosecution for attempting to buy babies. He has established a new identity and a clandestine research facility in Norway. He has been using Carter and his multiples to procure the children so he will have an adequate control group to study the development of MPD. Jenny follows who she thinks is Waldheim to a motel, but it is actually Carter/Cain. She follows Carter/Cain, who is now Margo, into an elevator. When it opens, she sees Dr. Nix Sr. with her daughter Amy. While Jenny begs for Nix Sr. to give back her daughter, Carter/Cain/Margo stabs "their" father from behind. Jack arrives with the police, and Carter/Cain/Margo disappears. The movie ends with Jenny and Amy in a park. Amy runs off into the woods calling "Daddy, Daddy". Jenny follows her and finds Amy, who says her father has gone away. When Jenny bends down to pick Amy up, Carter appears behind her in a wig and a dress; Margo is now in control. Jenny holds Amy in her arms, oblivious to who is behind her.'] ['Tom Witzky  is a phone lineman living in a working-class neighborhood in Chicago with his pregnant wife Maggie  and his son Jake , who possesses the ability to commune with the dead. At a party one evening, Tom challenges Maggie\'s sister Lisa , a believer in paranormal activity and psychic telepathy, to hypnotize him. After putting him under, Lisa plants a post-hypnotic suggestion in Tom urging him to "be more open-minded." Tom then begins experiencing visions of a violent scuffle involving a girl who he later learns is Samantha Kozac , a 17 year-old that disappeared from the neighborhood six months prior. While Tom and Maggie attend a high school football game, Jake is overheard by his babysitter, Debbie Kozac , as he speaks with Samantha. Debbie gets upset and snatches Jake, running off with him in the night. Meanwhile, Tom senses Jake is in danger and rushes home but finds him gone. Tom then sees strange flashes of red light that eventually leads him to the \'L\' station where Debbie is speaking with her mother about Jake. When Tom and Maggie confront her, Debbie angrily questions them about her sister Samantha, explaining that she had an intellectual disability; having the mental capacity of an 8 year-old and thus, a child\'s tendency to trust strangers. Tom denies knowing her to Debbie, but admits to Maggie that she\'s the girl in his visions. Tom becomes obsessed with Samantha and begins probing members of the community about her disappearance. This attracts the attention of his landlord Harry Damon , Tom\'s friend, Frank McCarthy  and their respective sons Kurt Damon  and Adam McCarthy , who all dismiss Samantha as a runaway teen. During an afternoon walk, Jake and Maggie encounter a policeman named Neil  who immediately recognizes Jake\'s unique talent and invites Tom to a private gathering of like-minded people to learn more about it. Maggie withholds her conversation with Neil from Tom and goes to the meeting herself where Neil tells her the spirit that contacted Tom has asked for something and will continue to get upset if it doesn\'t get done. As predicted, Samantha begins plaguing Tom, eventually leading to his insomnia. He goes back to Lisa demanding she undo what she did, but when she hypnotizes him he\'s told by the spirit to dig. Tom complies and begins digging holes in the backyard and eventually tears up the house in a desperate attempt to appease Samantha. While Maggie and Jake attend her grandmother\'s wake at a relative\'s house, Tom inadvertently knocks down a shoddy brick wall in the basement and discovers Samantha\'s decomposed remains wrapped in a plastic sheet. He receives a vision showing him that before his family moved in, Adam and Kurt lured Samantha into the house to rape her. When she resisted, they unintentionally suffocated her and hid her body. Tom brings Frank back to the basement to disclose to him the crime and Frank breaks down and admits that Adam and Kurt had already confided their secret to him and Harry. Frank pulls out a gun and demands to be alone, and as Tom leaves the basement he hears a single shot and assumes Frank committed suicide. Harry and Kurt suddenly show up and Harry, in his capacity as landlord, voices displeasure with the torn up house. They corner Tom with the intention of killing him to silence him, but Maggie arrives back home and Harry takes her hostage. Frank suddenly emerges from the basement and shoots both Kurt and Harry in order to save Tom and Maggie. Tom then notices Samantha\'s spirit putting on her glasses and coat, and smiling as she walks down the road and disappears. Afterwards, the family packs up a U-Haul and moves out of the house. Meanwhile, Samantha\'s mother and sister are finally able to give her a proper funeral and burial. Tom and Maggie smile happily as they drive away but Jake, however, tries to cover his ears to drown out the sound of the overlapping voices in his head.'] ['{{Plot}} The films starts with a young woman named Becky , showing to be trapped in the Cube. She enters another room, but unknown to her, the room has diversed gravity, as she is pulled up. Some time later, a woman named Kate , detective Simon , a blind girl named Sasha , engineer Jerry , game developer Max , lawyer Julia , and an elderly woman named Mrs. Paley  trapped in brightly lit cubes, each with six panels on each side which are doors to other rooms. They come across Colonel Thomas Maguire , who says that they have to solve the code in order to leave the mysterious place. A wall begins to close in on the group. The group escapes while Thomas stays behind and handcuffs himself. They realize that the wall is non-physical and dangerous. Kate and Simon watch in horror as Thomas is disintegrated by the wall, the suitcase he was holding reduced to tatters. Later experiences around the cube reveal that gravity can operate in different directions in each room, while Mrs. Paley and Jerry realize that they may be in a tesseract. Kate begins to notice the numbers "60659" everywhere they go. The group realizes that they are connected to Izon, a weapons industry. Mrs. Paley then opens a panel to reveal her and Simon being killed. Jerry thinks that it is a parallel universe, while Max and Julia think it is an optical illusion. Later, while the group are sleeping, Simon realizes that he is in the tesseract to look for Becky, a missing Izon worker. Meanwhile, Sasha, who has acute hearing, hears a noise and awakens everyone. The group finds a floating square in the middle of the room which initially grows into several shifting variations of a tesseract, before expanding into a lethal and rapidly spinning frame. The group flees into another room, but Jerry is caught and dies after being pulled into the tessaract and disenigrated. Sasha and Kate are separated from the group. Simon starts to suspect that Mrs. Paley is an undercover spy, so he gags and ties her up, but crystal beams start protruding from the walls. Simon tries to save Mrs. Paley, but instead stabs her with his knife and leaves her to die. Max and Julia, disturbed that Simon killed Mrs. Paley, leave him. They start to have sex, but unbeknownst to them, they are in a speeding-time room, and they age prematurely until they turn into skeletons floating in the air. Simon, alone and hungry, goes insane. He encounters a parallel Jerry and the missing Becky, killing both of them. Meanwhile, Kate finds grisly alternate realities in other rooms. Sasha tells Kate that time and space are distorted at where they are; the tesseract will implode and reality is collapsing. She then reveals that she is Alex Trusk, a computer hacker who is responsible for the creation of the tesseract. She also reveals that when she discovered that Izon was actually putting people inside the tesseract, she tried to stop their operation, but was pursued so she "fled into the only place they wouldn\'t follow." Kate, however, still believes that there is a way out. Kate finds Simon and stabs him in the eye after he grabs her. Simon then appears behind Alex, old and blind in one eye, proving Alex\'s time theory. Alex claims that they "are all dead", which causes Simon to snap her neck. Kate finds that the tesseract is shrinking, and kills Simon with the knife. She looks at the numerous watch duplicates of Jerry\'s and realises that "60659" is the time that the tesseract will implode  and that she is there to take back Alex\'s necklace which was filled with confidential information on Izon. The hypercube starts wearing away, and Kate opens a panel in the bottom, revealing a black void. At 6:06:59, she jumps in just when the Hypercube implodes. Kate wakes up in the hands of Izon authorities in an unknown factory. She gives them the necklace and is executed by one of the Izon operatives. Izon authorities then report that "Phase 2 is terminated".'] ["During World War II, an outsider, Baston Morris , comes to a tiny town looking for work at the local mill. He meets up with the town's evil employer, Pink Gresham,  who abuses the men and has affairs with the women. Pink toys with Baston's plight but keeps the upper hand with his pistol and chases Baston away. Baston then meets Pink's wife, Maggie , and spins a tale of her husbands philandering and Pink's personal involvement with Baston's affairs at his hometown in the next county. The subplot contains stories of Maggie's brother, Shep Sheppard,  who is a fundamentalist preacher that has followed his father's misogynistic ways. Sheppard sides with Pink when it comes to laying down the law, and a hunt ensues for Baston after stories are revealed of him being an axe murderer. Screenplay was written and director by David Saperstein"] ['The film follows Chris Vale , a young man who was wrongly convicted of murdering his family in 1982, and admitted into an insane asylum based largely on the fact that Chris had been found at home with the bodies by the police. After 10 years of life in the asylum, in which he has been bullied by inmates and staff alike for the incident, Chris has now quite literally turned insane and, to prove his innocence, he escapes from the asylum on October 31 to his home, which is now occupied by a new family who are holding a Halloween party. As the night draws on, Chris attempts to search the house for any clues that will testify his innocence, but in an effort to conceal himself from the partygoers and the authorities who are searching for him, begins his own killing spree that leads to a massacre far worse than the original.'] ["After the suicide of her father, Daniella  investigates her family's past. The plot involves a sect called the Abrahamites, who  sacrifice their first borns following an alternative interpretation of God's Will in the near-sacrifice of Isaac. Caravaggio's Ufizzi version of the biblical scene is shown in the movie to illustrate this alternative belief. The movie version of the Abrahamites traditionally give their first borns the father's middle name, hence the title of the movie."] ['In this Americanized remake of the 1931 German film of the same name, both the police and the criminal underworld stalk a mysterious killer who preys on small children.'] ['A hitchhiking drifter ([[Billy Burke  has his life irrevocably changed when he meets a seductive young woman  who lures him into disposing of the body of her husband.'] ['{{Plot}} High school teacher and writer Frannie Avery meets a student at a local bar, and when she heads to the bathroom sees a woman performing oral sex on a man. A few days later, Detective Giovanni Malloy questions her as he investigates the gruesome murder of a young woman, whose severed limb was found in her garden. They flirt despite the grisly nature of their introduction, and meet at the same bar later. Frannie is alternately thrilled and frightened by the detective\'s sexual aggressiveness, even as she grows more disillusioned with the attitudes and crude behavior of other men, including the detective\'s partner, Richard Rodriguez. Even as Malloy defends his partner, who can no longer carry a gun because he threatened his unfaithful wife, he promises he will do anything she wants except hit her. She leaves abruptly and is assaulted walking home, but calls Malloy and their affair begins that night. Frannie recognizes the detective\'s tattoo, from the man in the basement of the bar, and asks her sister Pauline if she would trust a man who got a blow job in a bar. Pauline says yes, but Frannie is still suspicious. After Malloy tells her that she and the first victim were in the same bar the night of the murder, and she might have seen the murderer, she begins to suspect that Malloy may actually be the killer, especially after a second victim is found. But later she goes with him to a woodsy spot by the water, where he scares her by shooting at garbage bags floating on the surface, then tells her she should learn how to shoot. She surprises herself by taking aim and shooting well, before they head back to the city. She finds her old boyfriend in her bed when she gets home, and goes back to her sister\'s apartment, where she finds the door open and Pauline\'s dismembered body. She is now more frightened of Malloy than ever, but goes home and gets drunk, and almost stumbles into bed with her student before throwing him out. Malloy\'s partner is outside watching as the young man runs out, and Frannie shouts out the window that Malloy should stay away from her. But he comes over and helps her clean herself up, and she can\'t decide if she should trust him. So she cuffs him to a pipe and makes love to him, and as soon as she is done he starts rattling the cuffs, demanding to be set free. She is fishing in his jacket for the keys when she finds the missing charms from her bracelet, which he claims he found and was planning to return to her. She suddenly becomes very suspicious of him, and he gets scared and yells at her. She finally tells Malloy she saw his tattoo in the basement of the bar when he was getting a blow job, and she runs out, stumbling right into his partner\'s arms. Frannie tells Rodriguez what she saw, and he says they need to sit down and talk, so she gets in his car. Malloy\'s screams from the window are ignored. Rodriguez drives her out to the GW bridge, telling her this is the place he goes to fish, and she says, "I teach that book, To the Lighthouse." But as soon as he locks the gate behind them she knows she is in trouble, and he shows her the tattoo on his arm, the twin of Malloy\'s. She realizes Malloy is innocent, then she slips on his jacket before Rodriguez takes her in his arms. She shoots him once with Malloy\'s gun but he tries to strangle her before she can shoot him again; they fall, and he dies. She walks, bloodied, back to her apartment and lies down in the arms of the exhausted Malloy, still cuffed to the pipe where she left him.'] ['Naive American engineer Howard Graham  is taken by a fellow employee to an Istanbul nightclub, where he becomes attracted to dancer Josette Martel . An attempt to murder him results in the death of an unfortunate magician instead. When Colonel Haki  of the Turkish police investigates, he discovers that Graham is vital to the upgrading of the Turkish navy and that the Nazis have assigned Peter Banat  to dispose of him. Haki arranges a supposedly secret passage for Graham on a tramp steamer. Among his fellow passengers are Josette and her partner Gogo Martel  ... and Banat. Unable to convince the captain  to turn around, Graham is trapped aboard the ship, not knowing whom he can trust. When the ship arrives in Batumi, Banat and his confederates take Graham away in a car to murder him. A fortunate flat tire forces a stop in a crowded street, enabling Graham to escape. He makes his way through a thunderstorm to the hotel where his wife Stephanie  is waiting for him, only to find his enemies there also. Graham escapes through the hotel window where the climactic scenes play out with Graham, the Nazis and Colonel Haki  in a tense chase and gun battle on the hotel ledge in the pouring rain.'] ['At a small college, Quaid and his friend Stephen do a "Fear Study" as a school project, recording people talking about their greatest fears. Quaid however is quite insane and wants to take the fear to \'the next level\'. Quaid had seen his parents killed by an ax murderer as a child; this is his greatest fear and he wants to learn what makes others afraid and what it takes for them to overcome their fear. Stephen\'s brother had died while drunk-driving, and Stephen wonders if his brother would still be alive if he had driven instead. Cheryl, who is the project\'s editor, was molested by her father as a little girl. He worked at a meat-packing plant and smelled of meat while molesting her; to this day, she can\'t stand the smell of meat and refuses to eat it. Quaid kidnaps her and locks her in a room with a huge piece of beef. After about a week, she finally eats the entire piece of rotten beef. Joshua is a student whose his fear is becoming deaf again because he temporarily lost his hearing after a childhood accident. The following night, Quaid knocks him out and fires a gun next to his ears, shattering his eardrums and leaving him deaf again. Abby, another student, has a dark birthmark covering half her face and body, which she doesn\'t want anyone to see, terrified of being teased or shunned because of it. Quaid sets up video footage of her stripping naked before sex on every TV on campus, showing her naked and covered in birth marks. Humiliated, Abby fills her bathtub with bleach and starts scrubbing off her skin with a Brillo pad. Stephen finds her naked and bleeding and gets her to the hospital. He then goes after Quaid with a fire ax. Joshua follows him, assuming Stephen and Quaid are working together. When Stephen confronts Quaid, he is knocked out and awakens tied to a chair. He manages to break free but runs into Joshua, who stabs him with the fire ax. Quaid shoots Joshua, killing him, and watches Stephen die from the ax wound. He drags the body to a room in the basement, where Cheryl is. He throws Stephen\'s body in along with a switchblade and says, "Let\'s see how hungry you have to be to get through that". He leaves her crying with Stephen\'s dead body with only a matter of time before she starts eating his flesh from hunger.'] ['Wealthy residents of Whidbey Island, Washington, Nick Parsons  and his wife Elizabeth , known as Libby, borrow a friend\'s yacht and set off sailing for the weekend. After dinner, they make love, and afterward Libby falls asleep. She wakes to find her husband missing and blood all over her hands, clothes, legs, and the boat\'s floors. A Coast Guard vessel appears and Libby is spotted holding a bloody knife she found lying on the deck. She is arrested, humiliated in the media, tried, and convicted of the murder of her husband. Libby asks her best friend, Angela Green , to look after her 4-year-old son, Matty , for the duration of her prison sentence. On a phone call with Matty from prison, Libby hears a door open in the background, then Matty exclaims, "Daddy!" right before the line goes dead. Libby realizes that Nick possibly faked his death and framed her, leaving their son as the sole beneficiary of his life insurance policy, as people convicted for murder are not allowed to collect insurance of their victims. She attempts  to get investigative help. She is then told by a fellow inmate that if she were to get parole for good behavior, she could kill Nick without consequences due to the Double Jeopardy Clause in the Fifth Amendment of the U.S. Constitution. Libby is paroled after six years and begins searching for Nick and Matty while living in a halfway house under the supervision of parole officer Travis Lehman . Libby violates her curfew and is caught breaking into the school on Whidbey Island to try to get Angela\'s records, but manages to escape from Travis and continue her search. After finding out Angela has recently died in Colorado, she recognizes a piece of art in a newspaper photo. Tracing it through a dealer\'s database leads her to New Orleans where she finds Nick living under another assumed name, Jonathan Devereaux. Libby confronts him after making a winning bid of $10,000 on him at a bachelor\'s auction. She demands he return Matty in exchange for her silence about his real identity. Nick agrees to bring Matty to a meeting in a cemetery. But he uses a decoy boy to distract Libby, knocks her unconscious, and locks her in a casket inside a mausoleum. Using a .38 caliber handgun she had snatched from Travis, Libby manages to shoot the hinges to the lid of the casket and escapes by throwing a flower vase through a stained glass window. While tracking Libby in New Orleans, Travis himself has now become suspicious of Nick\'s death and begins to believe Libby due to the clues uncovered in his search. He finds a picture of a different Nicholas Parsons when searching the Washington State DMV records to prove his suspicions. After seemingly capturing Libby later in the city, the two actually team up, since Travis suspected there might be more than one person with that name in the DMV records, and confirmed it with the picture from the third applicant. Travis visits Nick in his office under the pretense of asking for money to keep his identity secret. He records a remark by Nick that he had murdered his wife, the only witness to his true past. Libby enters, holding Nick at gunpoint. Nick is given a choice of surrendering to the authorities or getting shot by his vengeful ex-wife, who he believes would go free for this deed because of double jeopardy. Nick responds with violence. In the ensuing melee, Nick pulls out a hidden gun, shoots Travis and fires away at Libby. Travis manages to bring Nick down before he can shoot Libby. Nick gets the upper hand, but before he can kill the wounded parole officer, Libby shoots him dead. Travis promises to help Libby get fully pardoned. Together, they travel to Matty\'s boarding school in Georgia, where he is playing soccer. Matty , now eleven years old, recognizes his mother and they embrace.'] ['{{Plot}} The film starts with a 12-year-old girl whose babysitter is on a date with serial killer Patrick Bateman. After Bateman kills and starts to dissect her babysitter, the girl stabs him with an ice pick. Fast forward to the present day and the girl, who we learn is named Rachael Newman, is now a college student studying criminology under Professor Starkman, a former FBI agent. Rachael aspires to join the FBI and is hell-bent on getting the teaching assistant position under Starkman, which would make her a shoo-in for the FBI training program. However, tough competition for the position stands in her way, and Rachael proceeds to kill off classmates one by one. During her killing spree she decides to see the school psychiatrist, Dr. Eric Daniels. Realizing that Rachael is a textbook sociopath, Daniels tries to warn Starkman, who mistakenly thinks the psycho student is Cassandra Blaire, with whom he had an extramarital affair. When Cassandra reveals that her affair with Professor Starkman has guaranteed her the TA position, Rachael decides to murder her as well. After she does so Professor Starkman discovers Cassandra\'s body and calls Daniels to tell him that "she\'s dead". But he does not identify the victim, and Daniels assumes it must be Rachael. Distraught, Professor Starkman leaves his teaching position, which angers the obsessed Rachael. She reveals that she is not Rachael Newman: she killed the real Rachael at the beginning of the semester and assumed her identity. During spring break Rachael stays on campus and confronts Starkman, who had taken Valium and alcohol, and tries to seduce him to get the job. However, Starkman sees she is wearing a dress and necklace he had given to Cassandra. She then confesses her crimes to him, her "crush" on him, and that she knew about his affairs with various women , as he backs up towards the window in a state of confusion and fear. Rachael blows him a kiss, and he falls out the window to his death. As she leaves, Rachael realizes a janitor has witnessed Starkman\'s death, and she murders the janitor, too. Driving away from campus with Starkman in her car, Rachael gets pulled over by a cop, whom she stabs to death with an ice pick. As the film reaches its conclusion, Daniels and two cops pursue Rachael in a car chase, which ends with Rachael driving off a cliff, resulting in the car exploding. At this point, she is presumed to be dead by the cops who witnessed the event and the media. In the final scene, Dr. Daniels is giving a lecture on Rachael\'s mind and how he wrote a book about her. When he looks up from speaking with a student, he sees Rachael, who hasn\'t died after all; she indirectly reveals that she killed Starkman\'s last assistant, Elizabeth McGuire, and stole her identity to get into Quantico. She allows Dr. Daniels to know because she believes there is no point in committing the perfect crime if no one knows about it and that she\'s proud of his success. The body that was in the car wasn\'t the real Rachael. As she walks out of his class, Dr. Daniels is obviously disturbed and rattled.'] ['New York City Police detective Frank Keller is a burnt-out alcoholic. His wife ran away from him and remarried one of his colleagues. His anger and aggression are mainly to hide the fact that he is depressed about reaching middle age, with 20 years of police work under his belt. To forget his woes, he investigates the murder of a man in Manhattan, shot dead while face down in his bed, naked, listening to an old 45rpm recording of "Sea of Love". Keller has three clues - a lipstick-smeared cigarette, a want ad which the dead man placed in a newspaper, and good fingerprints of the perpetrator. A second man dies in the same manner in Queens. Detective Sherman Touhey from the local precinct suggests that he and Frank collaborate. Both victims had placed rhyming ads in the lonely hearts column of the newspaper, seeking dates. They track down Raymond Brown, the only other man with a rhyming ad. He\'s a married man and admits placing the ad, but swears on his children\'s eyes that he threw away all the letters and never saw anyone. Frank gets an idea to place their own rhyming ad in the paper, take any women who respond to a restaurant and take the prints from their drinking glasses. Frank\'s boss thinks Frank is looking for an excuse to end his loneliness, and does not approve the idea. He changes his mind when Raymond Brown also turns up dead in the same manner as the other two murder victims. Frank has dinner with several women, while Sherman &mdash; posing as a waiter &mdash; puts their glasses into evidence bags. One woman, Helen Cruger, snubs Keller and leaves before she takes a drink. Keller bumps into her again at a market, but this time she is more friendly. Frank takes her to his place, against his better judgement and advice from Sherman not to do so. They start getting passionate when Frank panics finding a gun in her purse, but it turns out to be just a starting pistol. Frank and Helen begin a relationship. Frank has a chance to obtain Helen\'s fingerprints on a glass, but decides to wipe the glass clean. Their relationship becomes strained when she discovers that he is a cop. He nearly gives away the fact that she was involved in a sting, but plays it off as an attempt to hide his very-real feelings for her. He later discovers that she responded to each of the victims\' ads and confronts her, but she does not admit to anything and he throws her out. Helen\'s ex-husband Terry breaks into her apartment and, threatening him with a gun, makes Frank lie on his bed and show how he made love to Helen, just as Terry had done with his ex-wife\'s other three boyfriends before he killed them. Frank overpowers Terry and tries to call the police, but the killer lunges at him and, in the ensuing struggle, Terry is accidentally thrown through the window and plunges to his death. Frank and Helen reunite. She forgives him, and they resume their relationship.'] ['Psychotherapist Hal Raglan runs the Somafree Institute where he performs a technique called "psychoplasmics", encouraging patients with mental disturbances to let go of their suppressed emotions through physiological changes to their bodies. One of his patients is Nola Carveth, a severely disturbed woman who is legally embattled with her husband Frank for custody of their five year-old daughter Candice. When Frank discovers bruises and scratches on Candice following a visit with Nola, Frank accosts Raglan, and informs him of his intent to stop visitation rights. Eager to protect his patient, Raglan begins to intensify the sessions with Nola to resolve the issue quickly. During the therapy sessions, Raglan discovers that Nola was physically and verbally abused by her self-pitying alcoholic mother, and neglected by her co-dependent alcoholic father, who refused to protect Nola out of shame and denial. Meanwhile, Frank, intending to invalidate Raglan\'s methods, questions Jan Hartog, a former Somafree patient dying of psychoplasmic-induced lymphoma. Frank leaves Candice with her grandmother Juliana, and the two spend the evening viewing old photographs; Juliana informs Candice that Nola was frequently hospitalized as a child, and often exhibited strange unexplained wheals on her skin that doctors were unable to diagnose. While returning to the kitchen, Juliana is attacked and bludgeoned to death by a small, dwarf-like child. Candice is traumatized, but otherwise unharmed. Juliana\'s estranged husband Barton returns for the funeral, and attempts to contact Nola at Somafree, but Raglan turns him away. Frank invites his daughter\'s teacher Ruth Mayer home for dinner to discuss Candice, but Barton interrupts with a drunken phone call from Juliana\'s home, demanding that they both go to Somafree in force to see Nola. Frank leaves to console Barton, leaving Candice in Ruth\'s care. While he is away, Ruth accidentally answers a phone call from Nola, who, recognizing her voice, insults her and angrily warns her to stay away from her family. Frank arrives to find Barton murdered by the same deformed dwarf-child, who dies after attempting to kill him. The police autopsy reveals a multitude of bizarre anatomical anomalies: the creature is asexual, supposedly color-blind, naturally toothless, and devoid of a navel, indicating no known means of natural human birth. After the murder story reaches the newspapers, Raglan reluctantly acknowledges that the murders coincide with the sessions relating to their respective topics. He closes Somafree and purges his patients to municipal care with the exception of Nola. When Candice returns to school, two dwarf children attack and kill Ruth in front of her class, and abscond with Candice to Somafree. Frank is alerted of the closure of Somafree by Hartog. Mike, one of the patients forced to leave the institute on Raglan\'s dirctive, tells Frank that Nola is Raglan\'s "queen bee" and in charge of some "disturbed children" in a property work shed. Frank immediately ventures to Somafree. Raglan tells him the truth about the dwarf children: they are the accidental product of Nola\'s psychoplasmic sessions; Nola\'s rage about her abuse was so strong that she parthenogenetically bore a brood of children who psychically respond and act on the targets of her rage with Nola completely unaware of their actions. Realizing the brood are too dangerous to keep anymore, Raglan plots to venture into their quarters and rescue Candice, provided that Frank can keep Nola calm to avoid provoking the children. Frank attempts a feigned rapprochement long enough for Raglan to collect Candice, but when he witnesses Nola give birth to another child through a pyschoplasmically-induced external womb, she notices his disgust. The brood awaken and kill Raglan. Nola then threatens to kill Candice rather than lose her. The brood go after her, Candice hides in a closet, but they begin to break through the door. In desperation, Frank chokes Nola to death, and the brood die without their mother\'s psychic connection. He carries Candice back to his car and they drive off, but it is hinted that the events she endured result in the same phenomenon her mother experienced: a pair of small bumps are seen growing on her arm.'] ['In 1965, after provoking a fire in a forest, the rebel teenager Heather Fasulo  is sent to the boarding school Falburn Academy in the middle of the woods by her estranged mother Alice Fasulo  and her neglected father Joe Fasulo . The dean Ms. Traverse  accepts Heather in spite of the bad financial condition of her father. The displaced Heather becomes close friend of her weird Marcy Turner , while they are maltreated by the abusive mate Samantha Wise ([[Rachel Nichols . During the nights, Heather has nightmares and listens to voices from the woods, and along the days she believes that the school is a coven of witches. When some students, including Marcy and Ann Whales , simply vanish, Heather believes that to avoid being the next to disappear she has no choice but to investigate and, if possible, get out of that place. At the end of the movie, it states that fictional Fallburn Academy burned to the ground in 1965, while the trees were strangely left untouched.'] ['Penny, , a young woman traumatized by a childhood auto accident that killed her parents, accompanies her therapist Orianna  on a road trip to a mountain community as part of her therapy to overcome her fear of cars. On the way, Orianna hits, but does not seriously injure, a hitchhiker, who she then offers a ride. The hitchhiker is silent during the ride, except to point out his destination. After dropping off the hitchhiker, they discover that he has punctured one of the tires. Orianna sets off to get reception for her cell phone, but fails to return. Penny goes off to find Orianna, but trips and falls. When she wakes up, she\'s back in the car, which has been wedged between two trees. Orianna, whose death has been recorded on a video camera, is beside her. Penny tries to call for help, but the hitchhiker continues to terrorize and torture her. Several people who live and work nearby are killed by the hitchhiker, when they attempt to help her or get in his way. Penny is tortured for another few hours, and when she tries to crawl out of the car window, the hitchhiker grabs her right foot and cuts off one of her toes. After finally falling asleep, she turns around to find the hitchhiker sitting in the back wearing Orianna\'s clothes, who then pulls off the hood and tries to strangle her while saying, "Don\'t forget your breathing exercises, Penny." She manages to fight off the hitchhiker by stabbing him in the eye with a pencil and escape from the car, only to trip from her injured foot. The hitchhiker finds her and tries to attack, but a man driving a pick-up truck drives past in time to hit the hitchhiker. The hitchhiker appears to be dead at this point, and the truck driver is panicking. He tells Penny to wait in the vehicle while he assists the hitchhiker. Penny feels a bit of relief as she watches the man and the dead hitchhiker. But terror boils up when she realizes the hitchhiker is still moving.'] ["Liam O'Leary  is a successful real estate developer in Dublin. He lives in a magnificent house with his unhappy wife  and rebellious son. One day, his pleasant life takes a dramatic downturn. The city council turns down his request to build a stadium, toward which he has taken out cripplingly large bank loans, and a doppelgänger, with his identical body and facial features, begins appearing around town, ordering suits and automobiles on Liam's credit account and behaving in a scandalous manner. Liam desperately attempts to pull his life out of its tailspin, but he must return to his dirtpoor roots and the old friends he has long abandoned to find the answers."] ['In the small fishing town of Nightmute, Alaska, 17-year-old Kay Connell  is found murdered. LAPD detectives Will Dormer  and Hap Eckhart  are sent to assist the local police with their investigation. Concurrently, an intense Internal Affairs investigation in Los Angeles is about to put Dormer under the microscope; Eckhart reveals that Internal Affairs has offered him an immunity deal in exchange for his testimony regarding one of Dormer\'s past cases. Eckhart says that he has no choice but to accept the deal. Focusing on the Nightmute case, Dormer comes up with a plan to lure the murderer back to the scene of the crime; however, the attempt is blown, and the murder suspect flees into the fog. During the pursuit, Dormer sees a figure through the fog, and he fires. Dormer discovers that he has mistakenly shot Eckhart. Given the nature of Eckhart\'s impending testimony, Dormer knows that Internal Affairs will never believe that the shooting was accidental; panicked, he alters the crime scene before crying for help. Ellie Burr , a young police officer, is put in charge of the investigation of Eckhart\'s shooting. Dormer is plagued by insomnia brought on by guilt over killing Eckhart, and further exacerbated by the perpetual daylight. Dormer then starts receiving anonymous phone calls from the suspect, who claims to have witnessed Dormer kill his partner. Dormer is aware that Kay was a fan of a crime writer named Walter Finch . Dormer looks up Finch\'s address and breaks into his apartment to gather evidence, only to be discovered by Finch himself, who gets away. Finch contacts Dormer, and offers Dormer a deal, where Dormer is to frame Kay\'s abusive boyfriend Randy Stetz ([[Jonathan Jackson  for the murder in exchange for Finch\'s silence about the Eckhart shooting. Meanwhile, Burr finds some inconsistencies in Dormer\'s testimony; she finds a 9mm shell casing at the scene, which conflicts with the bullet type believed to be found in the body. Meanwhile, Finch calls Dormer and tells him that Kay\'s death was "an accident" &mdash; he beat her to death in a fit of rage after she rejected his advances. The next day, Finch, under Dormer\'s instruction, gives false testimony at the station, which, along with a weapon planted by Finch, effectively places blame on Randy. Finch offers to give Burr letters indicating that Randy abused Kay, and asks her to come and collect evidence from his second, isolated home the next day. Dormer returns to his hotel for one last night, where he confides in the hotel owner, Rachel Clement  about the Internal Affairs investigation: he fabricated evidence to help convict a pedophile he was certain was guilty of murdering a child, and who would have been set free if Eckhart had testified. Upon returning to Finch\'s apartment, Dormer discovers that Finch has gone to meet Burr, and realizes that Finch intends to kill her. Finch knocks Burr unconscious. Dormer eventually reaches the cabin and struggles to fight Finch. Burr eventually saves Dormer from Finch, who flees; she then holds Dormer at gunpoint, revealing that she knows he shot Eckhart. Dormer admits that he shot his partner, but claims he is no longer certain if it was an accident. From his shed, Finch fires at them; while Burr distracts him with gunfire, Dormer sneaks around to Finch\'s location. A struggle ensues which ends with them shooting each other, killing Finch and mortally wounding Dormer. Burr rushes to the detective\'s aid, and then comforts him by affirming that Eckhart\'s shooting was accidental, and tries to toss the shell casing evidence. Dormer stops Burr, telling her not to lose her way, before he dies. After a brief moment of contemplation, Burr decides to slip the shell casing back into its plastic evidence bag.'] ['Adrian LeDuc  is the owner of a revival house in Buenos Aires. Adrian is emotionally repressed, prone to suspicion and paranoia, devoted to old movies and to his mother, who resides in a nursing home, suffering from dementia. Adrian visits her frequently, holding conversations which as her illness progresses become increasingly one-sided. Adrian is a tenant in a rundown apartment building; he lives in apartment 10, although the 1 is missing from his door . Apart from his mother, the core of his emotional life is movies--specifically classic American movies and stars. Apartment Zero opens with a shot of Adrian in his theater, watching the final scene of Touch of Evil. As his theater, Cine York, loses more and more money, Adrian advertises for a roommate to share his apartment. After several unsatisfactory applicants he meets the handsome, charming, and macho American Jack Carney . Adrian is clearly attracted to Jack and Jack is clearly aware of it. Jack agrees to take the room. They quickly settle into a domestic routine, with Adrian taking over laundry and cooking duties for Jack and Jack joining Adrian for films at his cinema. They also begin to bond emotionally. In contrast to Adrian\'s standoffishness, Jack establishes relationships with several of the neighbors, a rather odd bunch. Adrian, upset and jealous, lashes out at Jack, telling him that the neighbors aren\'t to be trusted. Despite Adrian\'s jealousy Jack continues to socialize with several of them, including becoming sexually involved with a female neighbor . Claudia, the ticket seller at Adrian\'s cinema, is involved with a political committee that\'s investigating a series of murders that bear a striking resemblance to those committed by members of death squads that operated in Argentina dating back to the 1970s. Adrian learns that Jack has been lying about being employed with a local computer company and becomes paranoid that Jack is spying on him but at the same time terrified that Jack will leave him. He searches Jack\'s room and finds a number of photographs of Jack in paramilitary garb. When Jack returns, a highly agitated Adrian begs him, "If that\'s a mask, either take it off now or leave it on forever." Jack calms him but his own suspicions are aroused when he realizes that Adrian\'s been in his room. Despite being himself apolitical, Adrian allows Claudia\'s committee to use his theatre to view footage of death squad members. Adrian watches some of it and is horrified to see the same sign in the film as appeared in some of the photos of Jack he\'d found earlier. Jack, realizing that Adrian is growing more suspicious, falsifies Adrian\'s passport and prepares to leave Argentina. Unfortunately for him, the passport is expired and he can\'t leave. Jack picks up a gay man at the airport and goes to a hotel with him, where he murders him for his passport--but then makes a hash of trying to paste his own photos into the dead man\'s passport. Meanwhile, Adrian is devastated by the death of his mother. Claudia spots Jack in a death squad photo. He\'s identified as "Michael Weller" and listed as dead, but was identified only by his papers and a ring. Adrian gets drunk and creates a disturbance in his apartment, concerning his neighbors. The following morning a television report of the murder of a young man ironically leads the neighbors to think that Adrian has done something to Jack. That evening, the neighbors confront Adrian, forcing their way into his apartment and physically attacking him. Jack--unsuccessful in solving his passport problem--returns just then and soothes and tends to the badly injured Adrian. As Adrian attends his mother\'s funeral, Claudia comes to the apartment and recognizes Jack. Adrian returns to find Claudia dead at Jack\'s hands. Jack tries to charm him, telling him "let me clean up and I\'ll put the mask back on, OK?" A clearly unhinged Adrian, as terrified of losing Jack as he is horrified by the murder, helps Jack dispose of the body. On the way out they run into one of the neighbors and Jack says he\'s leaving for California in the morning. After they dump the body, Adrian suggests they really go to California together and Jack enthusiastically agrees. Back at the apartment Adrian changes his mind and goes for Jack\'s gun in the living room. Jack comes out of his room and Adrian runs back toward his. Jack realizes what\'s happening and they both go for the gun. Jack gets the upper hand and begins strangling Adrian, but can\'t go through with it and lets him up. Adrian again goes for the gun and he and Jack struggle again. With the gun pointed at him and with Adrian\'s finger on the trigger, Jack says "Do it" and the gun goes off. Some days after, Adrian is having dinner when a neighbor comes to the door seeking Jack\'s address in California. Adrian says he hasn\'t heard from him and shuts the door. He returns to the table and pours two glasses of wine, one for himself and one for Jack\'s corpse, which he has kept and sat at the table. The final scene shows Adrian\'s cinema, with a fairly large crowd--all men--pouring out--apparently the lean days are over. That\'s because the cinema is now a porn theater. And we see Adrian, who has never throughout the film gone out in public without a suit and tie , leaving the building wearing a tee-shirt and Jack\'s black leather jacket, smoking a cigarette--all just as Jack used to do.'] ['In present-day Antioch, former minister Travis Jordan still lives, after losing his faith in God three years before when his beloved wife was murdered and the criminals never found. Suddenly, miracles happen in the little town: the new veterinarian\'s son survives a van accident without a single scratch; Travis\' dog Max revives after being buried, twice; a paraplegic walks; a scarred teenager and her police officer father  heal, outside and inside. In all the events, either a group of three men wearing black were seen nearby, or only their tall, blond  leader, who seems to want everyone to know, "he is coming". Very soon after this a scruffy, gentle-mannered newcomer arrives; Brandon Nichols implies through his healing work and preaching that he\'s Jesus Christ or a better version of a messiah. The local population worships Brandon, while Travis and Morgan feel that something is wrong and conduct an investigation, disclosing that evil has possessed the town dwellers.'] ['The film is set in 1930s West Virginia, along the Ohio River. Ben Harper ([[Peter Graves  is sentenced to hang for his part in a robbery in which two men were killed. Before he is caught he hides the stolen money, trusting only his son John , the main character of the story, with the money\'s location. John has a much younger sister, Pearl . Reverend Harry Powell , a serial killer and self-appointed preacher with the two words "LOVE" and "HATE" tattooed across the knuckles of his right and left hands, shares a prison cell with Harper. He tries to get Harper to tell him the hiding place before his execution, but the only clue he gets is a Bible verse Harper mutters in his sleep: "And a little child shall lead them."  Convinced that Harper told his children the secret, Powell woos and marries Harper\'s widow, Willa . Willa does not know her new husband\'s motive and believes her marriage will lead to her salvation. Powell asks the children about the money when they are alone, but they reveal nothing. John is suspicious of Powell and protective of his sister. One night Willa overhears her husband questioning the children and she realizes the truth. As she lies in bed that night in their attic bedroom, Powell leans over her and slits her throat. Powell dumps Willa\'s body in the river. He finally learns the money\'s location from Pearl by threatening John, but the children flee with the money down the river. They eventually find sanctuary with Rachel Cooper , a tough old woman who looks after stray children. Powell eventually tracks them down, but Rachel sees through his false virtue. After a climactic standoff, in which Rachel protects the children with a shotgun but sings hymns through the night with Powell, he is arrested by the police, tried, and, apparently, convicted and sentenced to death for the murder of Willa and for the crimes against the children. Towards the end of the film, Rachel declares that "children are man at his strongest. They abide." The film ends with her speaking directly to camera: "They abide and they endure."'] ['{{Plot}} The film begins with a teenage girl, Natalie  sitting with her boyfriend Sean as he reads from a black book. He finishes reading, and kisses Natalie passionately. Natalie believes he wants to have sex with her – until he pulls out a gun and commits suicide. In the main town high school girl, Lindsay, is shopping with her mother, Trish, for new church clothes. As they argue, Natalie bursts into the shop covered in blood and mumbling about a girl following her. Lindsay watches over her and notices the black book she holds. When Lindsay goes to fetch Natalie\'s father, the door to the back room slams shut on Natalie. Natalie\'s father knocks down the door, only to find Natalie dying, with a pair of scissors lodged into her neck. That night Natalie\'s father is haunted by a ghostly figure and is found the following day, hanged in the same room Natalie died in, by his niece Molly. On Monday at school Lindsay\'s boyfriend, Dylan, who is the son of the local pastor, is found publicly attacking Aidan Spindle, a newly-returned local misfit. Dylan blames Aidan\'s family for the recent deaths. Following the fight, Lindsay helps Aidan with his minor wounds and drives him home. It turns out that Aidan\'s brother is Sean, the young man who killed himself at the start of the film but whose death has been overshadowed by Natalie\'s. The same night Molly starts seeing a ghost that looks exactly like herself which slits Molly\'s wrists. The following day, Lindsay\'s best friend Claire drives past Molly\'s body, and immediately begins to hear voices. Later the same day, a duplicate of Claire is seen in the toilets while Claire is using the facilities. Simultaneously, Lindsay becomes aware of the religious fervor Dylan is stirring up against Aidan among the townsfolk and goes to warn him of the danger. On entering his house, she meets his cousin, Sadie who had traveled down from New York for Aidan\'s brother Sean\'s funeral. Meanwhile, Claire encounters and unsuccessfully tries to evade her doppelganger. It finally catches up with her as she is driving and her car explodes in front of Lindsay\'s mother Trish. Aidan takes Lindsay to a stream running underneath a bridge, and confirms that his mother practiced a form witchcraft, which may be the cause of the suicides. He tells her to leave Grovetown. Lindsay arrives home that night and is abducted by Dylan and Roy, Trish\'s lover, with Trish\'s consent. She is taken to the local church to be "purified". Returning home that night, Trish is jubilant about "being saved" but is later haunted by doppelgangers of herself on the television. After being stalked throughout the house, Trish\'s doppelganger compels her to drink drain cleaner, believing it to be whiskey. Lindsay finds Trish\'s body and she rushes to Aidan\'s house, frantic in her belief that a curse has gotten inside of her and will demand her death. Aidan admits that victims of the curse see themselves, but swears that all victims commit suicide because they are compelled to, not because something takes over them. Aidan supplies Lindsay with an oil on her skin that will slow the progress of the curse. Aidan realizes that the black book is the key to lock up what Sean had unlocked. Lindsay suggests the church as the new location of the book and Lindsay and Aidan break in. Dylan, Roy, Pastor Joe and Paul, another member of Joe\'s congregation, realize that Aidan retrieved the book. Back at Aidan\'s house Sadie pulls a gun on Aidan and Lindsay; she wants the book and explains that Sean deliberately killed himself in order for the curse to start. They manage to rescue the book just as Sadie attempts to burn it. Paul, Roy and Dylan burst into the home. Aidan and Lindsay escape to the woods, Dylan and Paul following as Roy guards Sadie. While running, Aidan and Lindsay split, intending to meet up at the pier. Back at the home Roy he tells Sadie how he became a religious man and then with gasoline and sets her alight, claiming that he is doing God\'s will. In the woods, Lindsay makes it to the pier, but her doppelganger ghost is hot on her tail. She stops at the edge of the platform and starts reciting a prayer, when she falls into the water. Meanwhile Dylan continues to hunt Aidan but he is surprised from behind by Aidan. Aidan puts Sadie\'s gun to Dylan\'s head when Lindsay\'s screams for help draw him away. Lindsay panics in the water as her doppelganger emerges from the water behind her. Lindsay quickly climbs out of the water alive, then blood drips onto her back, the ghost\'s eye is bleeding as Lindsay sits up. The ghost grabs the rope and hands it to Lindsay, who starts to wrap it around her own neck, and almost strangling herself. Aidan rushes to her and stops her, they continue with dispelling the curse. He merges his own blood with Sean\'s on the book, when he says to Lindsay that a sacrifice started the curse so a sacrifice must end it. Aidan passionately kisses her and tells her to burn the book, before seemingly shooting himself. Dylan and Paul then show up, Dylan believing Lindsay to be a devil worshiper he pulls his gun on her. Lindsay stands, Sadie\'s gun in her hands as she begs Dylan to walk away. He raises his rifle at her and she shoots him. Paul quickly runs off. Not long after the cops arrive, but they find that Aidan\'s sacrifice doesn\'t count; Dylan had actually shot him in the chest as Aidan was pointing the gun at his own head. In the woods, Lindsay tries to burn the book, but to no avail as the curse is still around, the ghost creates a gust of wind blowing the fire out before claiming Lindsay.'] ['A power struggle ensues after the death of media magnate Amos Kyne, whose corporation has been turned over to his sole heir, his foppish son Walter. Rather than run the company himself, Walter decides to let the heads of its three divisions fight it out for control. Their assignment is to score an exclusive story on a serial killer who is terrorizing women in New York. The Kyne organization\'s newspaper dubs him "The Lipstick Killer." If a resourceful someone can identify him even before the police do, Walter Kyne will reward him with the title of executive director. One of the three, newspaper editor Jon Day Griffith, has an ally in high-profile reporter Edward Mobley, who also does reports on Kyne\'s television network. While wire-service chief Mark Loving recruits star writer Mildred Donner to be his eyes and ears, a third contender for the top job, Harry Kritzer, carries on a secret affair with Dorothy, who is Walter Kyne\'s wife. Mobley becomes engaged to Loving\'s secretary, Nancy Liggett. As his police friend, Lt. Kaufman, gives him inside information on the murder investigation, Mobley taunts the killer on TV and uses Nancy as bait, hoping to lure the Lipstick Killer into coming after her. In the end, the lives of both Nancy and Dorothy, who live across the hall from one another, are placed in serious danger at the Lipstick Killer\'s hands. And, although one of the three contenders for the executive director\'s job wins the contest, another has a surprise in store.'] ["An infectious virus has spread worldwide, killing almost everyone. Two brothers, Brian  and Danny , along with Brian's girlfriend, Bobby , and Danny's school friend, Kate , are heading to Turtle Beach in the southwestern United States, a secluded beach motel where they believe they can wait for the viral pandemic to die out and so they can start a new life. On their way there, they meet a man, Frank , and his infected young daughter Jodie . After attempting to drive away from them, their car breaks down. The four end up returning to Frank in order to acquire his jeep, and are forced to take Frank and Jodie to a nearby high school where a serum for the pandemic is rumored to have been developed. Upon arrival they discover that the serum doesn't work, and the only doctor still alive is about to commit suicide with a remaining group of infected children . Meanwhile, Bobby is accidentally infected by Jodie while trying to help her when she coughs blood on her. She hides her infection from the others. Brian leaves Frank and Jodie behind and takes their car. After this, they stop at a golf course hotel. Despite Bobby's efforts to prevent it, Brian kisses her and inadvertently infects himself. The golf course is being used as a base by a small group of armed survivalists  who ambush and capture the group. After a tense Mexican standoff, they declare their intent to keep the girls. As they force the girls to disrobe to check them for infection, they discover Bobby's rashes and bruises and force them away at gunpoint. Kate stresses that they will end up dead if Bobby continues to travel with them, and Brian ends up leaving a weeping Bobby behind at a deserted gas station. They almost run out of fuel but encounter two women heading in the opposite direction to them. Danny asks for help, but they refuse. A desperate Brian shoots them for their fuel but not before one of the women shoots Brian in the leg. Brian later breaks down under the pressure of having to make all of the difficult decisions in order to keep everyone alive, and Danny discovers that his brother is also infected. At Brian's urging, Danny shoots Brian and burns his mask and infected body. Afterward, Danny and Kate reach Turtle Beach, but Danny realizes that without his brother the place that had seemed so special to them as kids is now empty."] ["Kinski plays a wealthy, talented young widow who marries again in haste. Suddenly her world is shattered by a series of threatening calls from her new husband's ex-wife. When efforts to stop the woman's assault of terror fails, Kinksi is forced to act on her own, resulting in a surprising climax."] ['A Dutch couple, Rex Hofman  and Saskia Wagter , are on holiday in France. While they are driving, Saskia shares a recurring dream with Rex, in which she is drifting through space in a "golden egg". In the latest instance of the dream prior to the holiday, Saskia explains that another golden egg, containing another person, appears, and the collision of the two eggs would signify the end of something. Following an incident in which the couple\'s car runs out of petrol, Rex and Saskia stop at a petrol station, where they refuel and temporarily rest. Meanwhile, a man at the rest stop, later identified as Raymond Lemorne , covertly observes them. Following a promise from Rex to never abandon Saskia again  and the romantic burying of two coins at the base of a tree, Saskia enters the petrol station to purchase drinks. However, Saskia does not return, causing Rex to frantically search for her. The director employs a series of flashbacks to introduce Raymond Lemorne, the observer from the rest stop. A respectable family man, with a wife and two daughters, Lemorne has secretly been plotting the abduction of a woman. He is depicted buying an isolated house, experimenting with the use of chloroform, and rehearsing scenarios in which he attempts to entice a woman into his car. Raymond\'s initial attempts at an actual abduction are not successful for a variety of reasons. Lemorne eventually decides to pose as an injured motorist in need of assistance as a strategy to lure women into his car. Three years after Saskia\'s disappearance, Rex is still searching for her. His new girlfriend Lieneke , reluctantly helps him but becomes increasingly dissatisfied with a relationship that she refers to as a menage a trois. Five times over the past three years Rex has received a postcard directing him to meet the kidnapper at the Cafe Beaux Arts in Nimes. Each time the kidnapper refuses to show. Unknown to Rex, the cafe is directly across the square from Raymond Lemorne\'s apartment. One day, Rex has a dream similar to Saskia\'s that he is trapped in a golden egg in outer space. Shortly thereafter, Lieneke, unable to take his obsession with Saskia, reluctantly leaves him. Rex then appears on French television, stating that he only wishes to know the truth about what happened to Saskia. Eventually, Raymond, fascinated by Rex\'s fanatical compulsion to know what happened to Saskia, confronts Rex and admits to kidnapping her. He tells Rex that he will reveal the truth about what happened to Saskia if Rex comes with him. As they drive, Lemorne describes himself as a sociopath who got the idea of committing a kidnapping after rescuing a young girl from drowning. Heralded as a hero by his daughter, Lemorne became obsessed with discovering whether he could commit an act of great evil as well as one of great good. He describes how he kidnapped Saskia from the rest stop by posing as a traveling salesman and enticing Saskia into his car after she inquires about buying a gift for Rex. Lemorne takes Rex to the rest stop where he abducted Saskia. He puts off Rex\'s threats of police action by explaining that there is no evidence connecting him to the crime. He then pours Rex a cup of coffee into which he has added a crushed sleeping pill. Rex is told that the only way to learn the truth about what happened to Saskia is to experience it and is instructed by Lemorne to drink the coffee. As Lemorne waits in the car, Rex rages for several minutes, unsure of what to do. After digging up the coins which he and Saskia had buried, he frantically drinks the drugged coffee. When Rex awakens he discovers that he has been buried alive. Above ground Lemorne relaxes at his country home, his family none the wiser. A newspaper headline displays the strange coincidence of Rex\'s disappearance.'] ['Jess  is a sweet-natured but driven lawyer who puts her career ahead of her personal life and ahead of her marriage to her artist husband, Ryan . The couple is on the verge of their first wedding anniversary, and though they are happy, the thorn in the side of their relationship is Ryan\'s brother Roman . Where Ryan comes across as an honest and sweet man, Roman is the direct opposite. Roman is moody and violent, particularly with his casual girlfriend Casey , and Jess is terrified of him, particularly as she met Ryan through Roman when she represented him in court on an aggravated assault charge. When Roman overhears Jess and Ryan discussing their plans to send him to a halfway house, he packs his bags and leaves in his car. Jess calls Ryan, worried about what the impulsive Roman will do, and Ryan quickly heads home in his car. As the brothers cross the Golden Gate Bridge, they crash into one another and are both seriously injured. Jess goes to the hospital and learns that both Roman and Ryan are in comas. Casey arrives and shares a few words with Jess, who promises to keep her updated. Later, Jess gets her mail and finds one of Ryan\'s weekly handwritten love letters. After several weeks, Roman suddenly awakens--but he immediately claims to be Ryan, begging Jess to believe that he is her husband returned to her in his brother\'s body. He implies that something supernatural happened when their bodies were revived side by side on the road, but cannot explain the phenomenon. Jess is initially doubtful and hostile towards Roman, believing that he is disoriented from his head injuries, and she employs Casey\'s help in trying to get him to regain his memories. However, he maintains that he is Ryan, continually offering romantic gestures and recounting specific memories private to them. Eventually, after a year passes, once he accurately recalls the story behind a certain photograph of the two of them, she believes that he is truly her husband and they resume their romantic life. Despite the disapproval of Jess\' co-workers and a harsh reaction from Casey, who still believes that he is actually Roman, Jess and Ryan fall back into their former happy marriage, although Jess is still hesitant to turn off the machines keeping Ryan\'s body alive. They are both soon thrilled by the news that Jess is pregnant. Casey goes missing, but when the police question them, Ryan merely says that she was "troubled." Jess notices a discrepancy in a necklace that Ryan gave her before his accident, but brushes it aside until she discovers the original necklace hidden in a picture frame. She then discovers that the box in which she kept all of Ryan\'s many love letters and photographs has been broken into, and she realizes that Roman has in fact lied to her, having previously studied the pictures and letters to learn the details of their marriage to impersonate his brother. When she confronts him, he quickly grows violent with her, saying that he did it because he loved her and knew they were meant to be together, saying that she must have sensed that it was him all along, and it is revealed that he murdered Casey because of her suspicions. As Roman and Jess fight, Ryan, in the hospital, experiences a seizure. Jess finally manages to stab Roman with a pottery knife, and he dies as the doctors work on Ryan. Later, at the hospital, Jess learns that her baby sustained no injuries from Roman\'s attack and that Ryan managed to pull through his episode, and she sits by his bedside, promising to wait for him and start their life over once he returns to her.  There is a 30 minute alternate ending on the DVD that fundamentally reconstructs the narrative. This ending is similar to the Korean original. Jess and Roman/Ryan decide to turn off Ryan\'s machines, and he dies and is cremated. Rather than being murdered by Roman, Casey merely moves away. Jess realizes that Roman has lied to her by reading Ryan\'s love letters, but decides to feign ignorance and continue their life together, apparently appreciative of the fact that he so desperately wanted to change for her, echoing the theme of "change is choice" as stated in earlier scenes.'] ['Dr. Frank Linden  has a life-size anatomically correct medical dummy in his office which he calls "Pin." Via ventriloquism, Pin explains to Dr. Linden\'s children Leon  and Ursula  bodily functions and how the body works in a way children can relate to, without it being awkward. Unknown to Dr. Linden, Leon, an undiagnosed schizophrenic with traits of disassociative personality disorder, begins to believe the dummy is alive. Since Leon doesn\'t have any real friends , he believes Pin to be alive, since he\'s the only thing closest to a friend. He\'s further traumatized when he secretly witnesses his father\'s nurse use Pin as a sex toy. When Leon turns 18, Dr. Linden, having come back to retrieve case studies for a speech, catches him having a conversation with Pin . Realizing the extent of Leon\'s psychosis, Dr. Linden takes Pin away to use as a visual aid for a speech with the intention of leaving Pin at the medical school. As Dr. and Mrs. Linden speed to the hall , they get into a car crash caused by either Dr. Linden\'s recklessness or Pin . Leon retrieves Pin from the scene of the crash. Leon and Ursula, though grieving, enjoy their newfound freedom until Mrs. Linden\'s sister, Aunt Dorothy moves in. She encourages Ursula to take a job at the library, which Leon is against. Believing that she is influencing Ursula and after talking it over with Pin, Leon causes Aunt Dorothy to die from a heart attack by using Pin to frighten her. However, Ursula continues to work at the library, where she meets handsome jock Stan Fraker and falls in love. Meanwhile, Leon takes his fixation with Pin to pathological extremes, first by dressing him in Dr. Linden\'s clothes and finally fitting him with latex skin and a wig. Leon believes that Stan is only interested in Ursula\'s inheritance and that he wants to put Leon in a sanitarium. He invites Stan over under the guise of discussing a surprise birthday party for Ursula. Leon drugs Stan\'s drink and when Stan fights back, Leon bludgeons Stan with a wooden sculpture. Following Pin\'s instructions, he puts Stan in a bag and plans to dump him in the river, which is interrupted by a call from Ursula saying she intends to come home early. Leon quickly hides Stan\'s body in a woodpile outside the house and cleans up the blood. Leon concocts a story about Stan visiting a sick friend out of town to placate a worried Ursula, who believes him until she discovers the digital watch she had given to Stan as a gift under a chair when it beeps. She also discovers the wet spot on the carpet where Leon had cleaned the blood. When she confronts Leon, he attempts to blame it on Pin, causing her to run out of the house in hysterics. Leon asks Pin why he wouldn\'t help him. Pin responds by saying that he has never lied to him or lied for him and that despite his stating that Leon was doing it for Ursula, Pin rightly says that he\'s only doing it for himself. Ursula returns with an axe, which she raises ready to strike and the film goes to white as Leon screams and cowers. The police find Stan\'s body; to their amazement, he is still alive. Some time later, Ursula and Stan return to the house to visit Pin. Ursula tells him that she\'s going on a trip with Stan. Pin inquires as to whether she\'s heard from Leon. Ursula replies "No." Pin says that he misses him a great deal. Ursula agrees, and we discover that she\'s actually talking to Leon, in Pin\'s clothes and wig, sitting catatonic in a wheelchair. When the dummy was destroyed, Leon had a psychotic break, leaving the Pin side of his personality to completely take over.'] ['Simon Cable wakes up in a hospital bed, confused and disoriented. He soon discovers from doctors that he has amnesia and is unable to remember the last two years of his life. Cable investigates what has happened to him and slowly pieces together his enigmatic past.'] ['A child suspected of having killed his father, is imprisoned in a mental hospital. A doctor, finding him mentally healthy, began to suspect another truth.{{cite book}}{{cite web}}'] ["When an electrical power failure occurs, Mrs. Hilyard, a wealthy widow recuperating from a broken hip, becomes trapped between floors in the cage-like elevator she has installed in her mansion. With her son Malcolm away for a summer weekend, she relies on the elevator's emergency alarm to attract attention, but the only response comes from an alcoholic derelict, George, who enters the home, ignores her pleas and steals some small items. The wino sells them to a fence, then visits his prostitute friend, Sade, and tells her of the treasure trove he has stumbled upon. The expensive goods George fenced attracts the attention of three young hoodlums, Randall, Elaine, and Essie. The trio follows George and Sade back to the Hilyard home, where they conduct an orgy of violence, killing George the wino and locking Sade in a closet. Randall then pulls himself up to the elevator and taunts Mrs. Hilyard with a note left behind by her son Malcolm, in which he threatens suicide because of her domineering manner. Shocked by the revelation, Mrs. Hilyard struggles with Randall, escapes the elevator, and crawls out of the house. Randall follows and, as he is attempting to drag her back inside, Mrs. Hilyard gouges his eyes and escapes his clutches. The blinded assailant stumbles into the street and is run over by a passing automobile, whereupon police arrive to arrest the surviving intruders and comfort the victim."] ['A successful Wall Street trader returns to Britain with her family, but her new home in the countryside contains a disturbing secret.'] ['A fearsome warrior from the Kingdom of Samarza arrives in America to assassinate a high school girl. The girl does not know it, but she is the last living heir to the Kingdom. A noble guard arrives in America to protect the young princess.'] ["The story has the great horror author Edgar Allan Poe  suffering from writer's block and short on cash, tormented by a black cat that will either destroy his life or inspire him to write one of his most famous stories. The story of the same name by Poe is woven in with fictional happenings and details from his life."] ['A high school student named Freya McAllister  who begins hearing voices in her head and ends up misdiagnosed as having schizophrenic catalepsy. She spends nine years in an institution before a government doctor  for the fictional "National Security Administration" realizes Freya might instead be telepathic &ndash; and he promptly whisks her away from the institution and commences training her on an isolated farm for the NSA . Teamed up with Homeland Security agent Brendan Dean  to track down an elusive assassin known as Gazal, Freya has been ordered not to reveal her powers to her new partner. They manage to uncover Gazal\'s identity and bring him to justice.'] ['David Lamont, a book publisher who is known to be ruthless toward friends, foes, and clients alike, moves into his new penthouse apartment. There he meets his mysterious and beautiful neighbor, Audrey Lavine, who lives on the third floor. Shortly thereafter, he receives a visit from an investigator and a man who claims that the penthouse belongs to his father who never sold it. David tells them the apartment is his, everything is in legal order, and if they have a problem to talk with his lawyer. Soon after he starts receiving packages with the crime scene photos that apparently were taken in his penthouse. Later he begins to receive video tapes documenting his every move and believes someone is after him. With his assistant, Rebecca Fay, David begins to discover who or what is behind everything that is occurring.'] ["In 1991, a gang of thieves steal a rare $10 million gem, but in the process, two of the gang double cross their leader, Patrick Koster  and take off with the precious stone. Ten years later, on the day before Thanksgiving, prominent private practice Manhattan child psychiatrist, Dr. Nathan R. Conrad , is invited by his friend and former colleague, Dr. Louis Sachs , to examine a disturbed young lady named Elisabeth Burrows  at the state sanatorium. Having been released from prison on 4 November, Patrick and the remaining gang members break into an apartment, which overviews Nathan's apartment, including his wife Aggie  and daughter Jessie . That evening, Patrick kidnaps the psychiatrist's daughter as a means of forcing him to acquire a 6 digit number from Elisabeth's memory. As Nathan visits Elisabeth, she is reluctant at first but he gains her trust later - especially when he reveals his daughter was kidnapped and will be killed if he doesn't get the number they want. Dr. Sachs admits to Nathan that the gang who kidnapped Jessie also kidnapped his girlfriend to force him to acquire the number from Elisabeth. Louis Sachs is then visited by Detective Sandra Cassidy who reveals to him that his girlfriend has been found dead. Meanwhile, Aggie hears Jessie's voice and realizes the kidnappers reside in the apartment nearby. The kidnappers send one of them to kill Aggie while the others escape with Jessie, but Aggie sets an ambush and kills him. After Nathan takes Elisabeth out of the sanatorium, she begins to remember past events. It is revealed that Elisabeth's dad was a member of the gang that committed the robbery ten years ago and he double crossed them and took the stolen gem. However, other members of the gang later found him and ordered him to reveal where he had hidden the gem, pushing him in front of the train in the subway. The gang members were arrested immediately after that and Elisabeth escapes with her doll, where the gem was hidden. She also remembers that the required number, 815508, is the number of her father's grave at the Hart Island and her doll has been placed beside him in the coffin. She stowed away on a boat that was taking her father's coffin for burial in Potter's field on Hart Island, where the grave digger's helped her put the doll, Mischka, inside. Nathan and Elisabeth steal a boat to reach Hart Island. The gang members track them down and demand that Nathan gives them the number they want. Elisabeth reveals the number and Patrick orders his companion to exhume her father's coffin. He finds the doll and the gem hidden inside it. He then decides to kill Nathan and Elisabeth but Detective Cassidy arrives before he can shoot them. Patrick's companion is shot by Cassidy but Patrick manages to wound her. Taking advantage of the confusion, Nathan takes the gem from Patrick and throws it to a nearby excavation machine. Patrick goes to recover the gem but Nathan triggers the mechanism which covers Patrick with earth, burying him alive. Nathan is then reunited with his wife and daughter, and it is implied that Elisabeth goes on to live with the Conrads."] ['Okuyama\'s face was disfigured in an industrial accident, and his face is completely covered in burns; he wears bandages to cover them. He visits Dr. Hira, a psychiatrist who is able to fashion a "mask" for Okuyama to wear which is indistinguishable from the face on which it is modeled. Hira and Okuyama pay a man 10,000 yen to serve as the model for the mask, and the mask is built and fitted onto Okuyama. Hira cautions Okuyama that the mask may change his behavior and personality so much that he will cease to be the same person that he was. Hira believes that this disassociation with his identity will cause Okuyama to lose his sense of morality if he is not careful. Okuyama tells no one that he has received the mask, and simply lives as a new man, telling his wife that he is traveling on business while he rents an apartment nearby. He decides to seduce his wife, and does so with surprising ease. Afterwards he confronts his wife, angry that she had so readily been unfaithful to him, and she tells him that she knew all along that it was him. She assumed that he had devised the scenario as a masquerade which would rekindle their marriage. Okuyama\'s wife is disgusted when she finds that he was trying to trap her, and leaves. Okuyama follows her home, but she refuses to let him enter, and so he wanders the streets. He encounters a woman, assaults her in the street, and is arrested. Hira picks him up from the police station, and the two walk out into the night. They encounter a crowd of faceless people walking in the opposite direction. When the crowd passes, Okuyama stabs Hira. Interleaved throughout the film is a completely separate tale  of a young woman whose otherwise beautiful face suffered a severe disfigurement on the right cheek, and right side of the neck. She works in a home for World War II veterans and lives with her brother. The imagery of the film, as well as her obsessive worry about the coming of another war, and her asking her brother if he still remembers the sea at Nagasaki , all suggest that her scars came as a result of the atomic bombing of that city.James Quandt, Video Essay included on the Criterion Collection DVD release of The Face of Another. Like Okuyama, she is embarrassed by her disfigurement. She uses her long hair to partially conceal it. The film suggests that she is tormented by her solitude and starved for physical affection. At the end of the film she leaves her brother a suicide note, and drowns herself by walking into the ocean.'] ['"A millionaire detective novelist matches wits with the unemployed actor who ran off with his wife in a deadly serious, seriously twisted game with dangerous consequences.""Synopsis", "Sleuth: A Sony Pictures Classics Release", official film site webpage, accessed October 29, 2007. It is much the same as the original except: * Tindle does not pretend to murder Wyke\'s mistress - instead he pretends to perform the robbery he set up before; * Tindle uses a fake beard and makeup to look like a police officer: * Wyke now tries to seduce Tindle; and * Wyke appears to get off scot free at the end, as opposed to the original where Wyke is likely to be arrested. *In the original, Wyke was an aristocratic eccentric; his vehement dislike of Tindle\'s working-class, Italian roots was the source of much of the tension. This is not the case in this version. *Tindle is an impoverished actor, rather than a wealthy hairdressing-salon owner.'] ['Detective Anna Manni  travels to Florence on the trail of a serial killer . While at a museum, Anna is struck by the Stendhal syndrome, which causes people to become overwhelmed by great works of art. The killer uses this disorder against Anna, kidnapping and raping her. She escapes, but is deeply traumatized. She eventually finds redemption and a whole new perspective to life.'] ['A hard-drinking female investigator named Hoyle  sets out to locate a reclusive genius ([[John Newton  who may be able to distort reality. Instead she finds her life becoming more and more fragmented and surreal. Trusting only her partner  and a sexy lounge singer , she is shadowed by a dangerous man ([[Peter Mayhew .<ref nameBuchanan |firsthttp://www.allmovie.com/work/yesterday-was-a-lie-430812 |titleAllmovie.com |date2010-04-01}}'] ['A serial killer calling himself "The Cusp" murders his victims and then revives them, until they beg to die. His first victim, psychic investigator Maya Casteneda , survives and is bent on revenge. After she is tapped by the FBI, Maya realizes the only way to locate The Cusp is by entering his mind. But if she dies there, she will also die in real life.'] ["Vic, a gay man, and Danny, who is bisexual and in a relationship with Vic, kidnap Alice, the daughter of a rich man, for the ransom money. Alice is taken to a soundproofed room, and forcibly attached to a bed by her wrists and ankles with handcuffs and rope. Every article of her clothing is removed or cut off, and a ballgag is buckled into place. Once she is naked, she is photographed. Unknown to Vic, Danny and Alice are in a relationship and Danny plans to keep all the ransom money for Alice and himself. Alice hates her father for cutting her out of her inheritance, therefore Danny assumes that she will be happy with his plan. She must not be informed about the plan, nor about Danny's identity; she has to be genuinely frightened, otherwise Vic would become suspicious. While Vic is away, and Danny is guarding the imprisoned Alice, she manages to grab his gun, which she fires into the wall. When she points the gun at Danny, he is forced to reveal his identity to her, and explain the plan. She is angry, but agrees to play along, for fear of Vic killing them both. Danny finds the empty shell on the floor and has to swallow it to hide it from Vic. Later, when Vic is away once more, Danny and Alice appear to be about to share an intimate moment. However, Alice exploits the situation to handcuff Danny naked to the bed and pick up the gun, which Danny eventually manages to take off her. Vic returns and finds a mobile phone on Alice's person showing that she has managed to call the police. He also finds the bullet in the wall and he forces Alice to tell him about Danny's plan. Vic is shocked that Danny has deceived him, even more so because the two of them are lovers, observing that Danny could not have faked his arousal. Vic shoots Danny in the forest where the money was supposed to be handed over. Vic then goes to Alice who has been locked up in a warehouse. He tries to give her an injection but the wounded Danny overcomes him and shoots him instead, taking the ransom money and leaving Alice there alone. Before Vic dies, he gives keys to Alice, who manages to escape. She then finds Danny outside the warehouse, also dead, and drives off with the money."] ["Two people steal the daughter of a famous lawyer. They want money to give her back, but it's not just the money they want. They want revenge."] ['Ivy Templeton  is a nearly eleven year old girl, living with her parents, Janice and Bill Templeton (Marsha Mason and [[John Beck , in New York. The parents notice a stranger stalking them over the course of a few weeks, and discover, over lunch with him, that his name is Elliot Hoover , and that he is convinced their daughter is a reincarnation of his daughter Audrey Rose, who died in a fiery car accident, along with his wife, two minutes before Ivy was born. Hoover had come to believe this through information given to him by two clairvoyant psychics. Bill asks a friend of his, an attorney, to hide in their apartment to hear Hoovers full story to build a case against him, but when Hoover speaks Audrey\'s name out loud, Ivy hears him from her room and enters an altered state where she cannot be calmed down without the assistance of Hoover. In this state, she bangs her hands on a window and becomes burned, which Hoover says is a result of his daughter\'s experience of being burned alive in the car. Janice is afraid of Hoover but is also concerned for her daughter, while Bill is hostile to Hoover and demands he stay away. Ivy continues to be disturbed by nightmares which keep getting worse. Hoover appears at their home during one of her nightmares, and at the request of the mother Hoover is able to calm Ivy down by calling to her as Audrey Rose, but is arrested for allegedly briefly abducting her to his recently rented upstairs apartment. The film then moves forward some months to an ongoing trial, where Hoover is attempting to persuade a jury that his actions were necessary to grant his daughter\'s spirit peace. The trial has become a worldwide phenomenon, with a Hindu holy man giving an explanation of reincarnation as testimony. Hoover testifies in court that after his daughter\'s death, Hoover had traveled to India and become a believer in reincarnation and Hinduism. Janice comes to believe Hoover\'s story, and testifies as much, but Bill does not, and has their lawyer request Ivy be hypnotized to show she is not a reincarnation of Audrey Rose. During the hypnosis, Ivy revisits the traumatic car crash as Audrey Rose and dies during the relived trauma. The last scene is Janice writing a letter to Hoover thanking him for transporting Ivy/Audrey\'s ashes to India, and indicating this is with her husband\'s permission, who she says has started to accept what she and Hoover believe to be true. The movie closes on a quotation from the Bhagavad-Gita:  "There is no end. For the soul there is never birth nor death. Nor, having once been, does it ever cease to be. It is unborn, eternal, ever-existing, undying and primeval..."'] [" A young couple, Ganga  and Nakulan , arrives at the ancestral home tharavadu called Madampalli of the latter. Hailing from a family that follows tradition and superstitions, Nakulan's uncle Thampi  objects to the couple's idea of moving into the allegedly haunted mansion, which Nakulan ignores. The couple moves in anyway following which seemingly supernatural events begin to happen. The mansion that Nakulan and Ganga are living in was occupied in ancient times by Sankaran Thampi, a cruel ancestor and karanavar  of the tharavadu. In his heydays, he had imprisoned a famous Bharatnatyam dancer Nagavalli, from Tamil Nadu. She was in love with Ramanathan, a dancer. Learning of their affair and their plan to elope Sanakran Thampi murders Nagavalli in her room at the mansion. Legend has it that on the eighth day of the Durgashtami , Nagavalli returned as a blood-thirsty spirit, intent on killing the chieftain and to drink his blood. With the aid of sorcerers Thampi somehow escaped from wrath of Nagavalli and her spirit was locked up in a section at the mansion . Sankaran Thampi also commits suicide and his spirit is also locked up in the Thekkini. Both spirits are believed to be haunting the Thekkini where they are locked up by means of an ornate enchanted lock called . After moving in and mostly out of curiosity, Ganga manages to unlock the Thekkini, only to find ancient valuables such as jewellery, etc. Upon learning about the unlocking of the Thekkini, fearing the spirits are on the loose, Nakulan's uncle Thampi and family move in to the mansion to try and re-seal the Thekkini lock, while also looking out for Nakulan and Ganga. However, various unclear sightings of a woman are witnessed around the mansion, along with attempted attacks on various people at the mansion, including Nakulan and Ganga. While most of the family including Thampi believe that Nagavalli's ghost roams the mansion, Nakulan, disapproving of supernatural theories, suspects Sreedevi of being mentally ill, hence orchestrating the incidents at the mansion. Hearing of this, Thampi and the family fear that Sreedevi might be possessed by Nagavalli's spirit. Sreedevi , Nakulan's cousin and Thampi's daughter, according to tradition, was to be married to Nakulan; however, after finding that Sreedevi had an ominous horoscope, Nakulan's mother withdrew from this proposal, and got Nakulan married to Ganga; later, Sreedevi entered a marriage which was short-lived. Sreedevi's tragic history, along with her perceived gloominess, and her being the only person present during an attack on Ganga, lays cause for suspicion of her. Dr. Sunny Joseph , a brilliant yet frolicsome Psychiatrist and Nakulan's close friend is called in to investigate. Soon enough Sunny finds out that Nakulan's conclusions are not as obvious and he uncovers a plan to commit a murder during the upcoming Durgashtami Festival. Sunny's trained psychiatric mind begins to suspect that Ganga could well be the Ghost of Madampilly. He investigates Ganga's history. Ganga grew up in a highly superstitious family and had partaken in various religious rituals. She was unable to come to grips with the fact that her parents were moving the family to Calcutta and chose to stay in the ancestral house, instead. It was a period of great emotional and psychological turmoil for her, and she became afflicted with multiple personality disorder. Madampilly with its share of superstitions and dark tales evokes memories of the olden days in her, and she slowly develops the personality of Nagavalli after having sympathised with her. Meanwhile, Thampi, having lost faith in Sunny, calls in renowned tantric expert Brahmadattan Namboothiripad  to rid his family of the supernatural menace. As fate has it, both the Namboothirippad and Sunny are old acquaintances and mutually admire each others' expertise in their respective fields. At his own risk, Sunny reveals the secret to Nakulan and Ramanathan. In one of the more memorable scenes of the movie, Ganga also gets to know about her illness during a manifestation of her hidden personality, that of Nagavalli. Sunny, with help of the Namboothirippad, plans an elaborate Tantric ceremony to invoke Ganga's Nagavalli persona and make it believe that it will kill Sankaran Thampi. The plan is put into action and in a fiery climax, the blood thirsty Nagavalli exacts revenge on the cruel Karanavar. Ganga wakes up from her hypnotic sleep and learns that she is completely cured of the illness. Sunny expresses his intent to marry Sridevi, and they all drive off happily."] ['A family driving through the U.S. state of New Mexico discover an old ghost town, Weaver, and stop to take snapshots. Patrons at an estranged diner, in a lobotomized or brainwashed state, claim to not have heard of Weaver, although a gas-station attendant warns Jim Henley to "stay on the pavement". Henley, his wife Patty, his son Matt, along with Matt\'s friend Ethan and sister Kate make their way to the ghost town, discovering mysterious symbols and a human-sized dry skin on a wall, also discovering a video tape, which reveals previous visitors were taken by an unseen force, ending with a girl running from the unseen threat. The car, an SUV, is disabled and the family is forced to spend the night in one of the abandoned buildings. The unseen person/force steals their car, along with a flashlight and Jim\'s sweater. The next day, the family discovers the car has been stolen. Deciding to split up, Kate, Patty, and Matt remain in the building while Jim and Ethan set out for the diner. Ethan is attacked by a snake in the desert, but it only bites his wallet. Jim and Ethan also discover a large expanse of glass in the middle of the desert - a plaque in the centre of which reveals it to be a 1948 neutron bomb test site called, naturally enough, "Ground Zero". Ethan vanishes when walking just ahead of Jim over a ridge, and Jim runs off to a nearby car graveyard glimpsed in the distance, where many stolen vehicles, including his SUV are parked in the same fashion as the symbol on the wall. Meanwhile, Patty goes to use the bathroom, notices someone watching her, but falls through rotten boards into a mine shaft. Patty hears growling sounds from below, and climbs further up, discovering many stolen items including a familiar sweater. Matt and Kate search for Patty until Matt finds her, climbing down the mine to help her. The source of the sound, one of the unseen stalkers seen only from 1st person camera movement, makes its way faster to Patty and Matt, however before it can do anything, Patty shoots at it with a gun, though no body is discovered and it is uncertain whether it was harmed. Jim rescues them in the SUV after evading another one or more of the mysterious creatures attempting to prevent him recovering a battery for the car from the vehicle graveyard, only for their way out of Weaver to be blocked by a seemingly driverless school-bus and truck, forcing Jim to drive them both through a clapboard outbuilding to escape. They stop to use a telephone at the diner, but it is useless. Jim and Matt spot a dust cloud moving in their direction from the vicinity of Weaver. Jim visits Sheriff Richards in the nearby town of Two Wells, telling him about Ethan\'s disappearance, the town of Weaver, where the townspeople vanished without a trace, and the unseen beings attacking them. The Sheriff denies all knowledge of the town, but while he is away, Jim is pulled aside by an old inmate named Lester, who gives him a possible explanation, telling him the town does exist and the unseen force is possibly the mutated, deformed offspring of the townspeople, reminiscent of The Hills Have Eyes, who refused evacuation before the bomb was dropped, or the spirits of Indians interred in a burial ground under the town, also mentioning Area 51, although telling Jim aliens are not necessarily the explanation for the unseen forces in Weaver - whether this is anything to do with the truth or simply the ramblings of a madman is never made clear. Kate finds the girl from the video apparently alive, working at the local Dairy Queen, though by the time the family return to confirm this she\'s \'gone off-shift\' and is nowhere to be seen. The family stays at a motel, after the Sheriff agrees to search for Ethan the next day. Kate senses one of the beings watching them from the window, prompting them to decide to leave at once. Sheriff Richards, as a possible sacrifice and exchange, or because of his revelation to Jim, takes Lester to the desert, lights a fire, and leaves him for \'the beings\'. Jim and Patty take Matt and Kate, attempting to flee, but are stopped by the Sheriff, who first attempts to dissuade them from leaving and eventually tells them that he found Ethan. The four of them pick up Ethan, Jim seeing Lester\'s empty cell. Meanwhile, as the five of them flee, Ethan tells them he fell and does not remember anything else, while Matt questions the events. As Jim is distracted, the car hits what appears to be an animal, possibly possessed by the Indian spirits, or one of the unseen mutants, causing the SUV to flip over. The viewpoint of one of the unseen creatures makes its way to the wrecked car, only their screams being heard afterwards. Six Months later, Jim is now the gas-station attendant, while Patty works as the waitress in the diner, all of them in the same lobotomized state as the other members of the town of Two Wells, New Mexico. After Kate has served Sheriff Richards at the diner, the film ends with Kate feeding one of the crows as several bikers turn up at the diner, very possibly to begin the cycle all over again.'] ['Mary Walsh  delivers her boyfriend, Kevin Peterson , to a hospital for routine outpatient surgery. A nurse tells her the surgery will be exactly one hour. When she returns to take him home, he has mysteriously disappeared. An administrator  can find no record of Kevin, and a police search turns up nothing. Increasingly frantic, Mary is taken to staff psychiatrist Dr. Bensley , who pronounces her unstable. Now she must not only find her missing boyfriend, but prove her sanity as well. When an older man informs Mary that he knows Kevin’s whereabouts and demands a $10 million ransom, she has one hour to comply ... and her boyfriend’s life hangs in the balance. Forced to embezzle the money from the bank where she works, Mary soon discovers the shocking truth behind the disappearance. Now time is running out and she must take matters into her own hands to save herself.'] ['The plot revolves around Catherine, a serial killer who seduces men and then murders them throughout countries in Europe. Catherine is trailed by the detective The "Eye" Beauvoir who fantasizes that she is his long-lost daughter and disposes of her trail of corpses to foil the police. Catherine has a real love affair with a blind architect  but The "Eye" \'s jealousy causes the man\'s death. Catherine returns to her psychotic killing. As the police dragnet closes in, Catherine and The Eye have their final showdown.'] ["Samar , an eight-year-old motherless boy lives with his father in Mumbai who leads a colorful life indulging in orgy. Samar gets subjected to sexual abuse by his father and is rescued by his neighbor, a middle aged single woman Meenakshi Amma  who names him Veera, takes him under her wings and protects him. Daunted and chased by the ghosts of his painful past, Veera forcefully has sex with Meenakshi Amma. She, though reluctant at first, indulges in the act. After coming back to her senses the next morning, she refuses Veera's apology and decides to marry her colleague. After the marriage, on the same night, when Meenakshi and her husband are in bed, Veera stabs him brutally and sets him and the room on fire. Accidentally, Meenakshi Amma also gets injured in the fire. After treatment, he brings back the scar-faced, burn inflicted Meenakshi Amma to his bungalow in ECR. After a couple of weeks, Veera meets a girl named Priya  on the net. They meet up and finally fall for each other. He invites her home and they grow intimate, suddenly to be interrupted by a loud scream from Priya, because Meenakshi Amma stabs her brutally, similar to Veera's exploit. She orders him to cut her hair as she wants it. In the following years, Veera kidnaps women, rapes them and finally kills them in cold-blood. As the murders continue, Veera stumbles upon Sukanya , a girl whom he has been in love with since 10th grade. He meets her at a theatre with her boyfriend Arjun  and lies to her that he had gone with another girl and offers her a ride home. An upset Sukanya agrees but does not know that Veera had been stalking her for a few weeks. Veera suddenly slaps her, making her unconscious and kisses her. Disgusted and terrified, Sukanya then finds Arjun in a pool of blood, in the backseat of the car. Sukanya tries to escape, engages in a fist fight with Veera but is stabbed in the abdomen. In sometime, Police surround the car and take Sukanya to a hospital. Meanwhile, Veera kills a cop and wearing his uniform, collects Sukanya from the hospital. A bystander who had sensed something fishy with Veera's car follows him to his bungalow and informs the Assistant Commissioner Vijay . Veera takes Sukanya to his bungalow and informs Meenakshi Amma that he loves this girl truly and is going to live the rest of his life with her. Meanwhile, Sukanya tries to escape and murdered all the victims and even Meenakshi Amma. He says Meenakshi Amma is actually dead but Samar still thinks she is alive. In a few moments, Vijay arrives at the residence and is confronted by four Rottweilers ready to pounce on him. Alarmed by this, Veera tries to fend him off. After sometime, he returns to take Sukanya into a secret hidden basement, where another two girls are tied to, with their heads half-tonsured. He locks her up in the basement and gets into a fight with Vijay. Sukanya, meanwhile, finds a way into the bungalow, takes a gun and shoots at Veera. He is shocked as he thinks it was Meenakshi Amma who shot at him. All this is recorded on tape as Veera narrates it to the Assistant Commissioner. Finally he is taken to a mental asylum where another patient  is also shown as a psychopath, victimised due to child sexual abuse and the end credits roll."] ["When computer-programmer Simon J.  begins finding empty plain brown paper packages in his apartment, he goes to great length to try and secure his boundaries, but the packages keep appearing. Simon attempts to find out who is leaving the packages, and his investigation exposes him to his eccentric neighbors, an artificial intelligence robot head, created by Derrick  who occupies an apartment across the hall from Simon, a virtual reality sex-game, created by the Neighbour  who occupies the apartment next to Simon's, and the possibility of a corporate conspiracy. At the same time Simon, who works in IT, is under pressure to complete a code and develops a romantic relationship with another of the apartment blocks residents, Trish . With security cameras watching him constantly, Simon begins to lose his grip on reality, and develops an inexplicable craving for Nature Fresh brand milk. Simon becomes increasingly puzzled as murders begin happening in the building. Simon eventually finds out that everyone else is receiving packages too but were keeping quiet. These people also got addicted to consuming other products like fresh juice, cola 500 and farm fresh meat. One of Simon's friends, a courier named Nile , tells Simon about a corporate experiment to ‘infuse’ Nanomites into people's brains to make them addicted to certain products. He first dismisses it as a lie but eventually understands that it is indeed what is happening."] ['High school student Alice  convinces her lover, Luc , to murder their classmate Saïd , whom she claims raped her. When they dispose of his body in the woods late one night, the couple get lost on their way back to their car and are taken in by a mysterious hermit . However, matters take a bizarre twist when the stranger locks the young lovers in his basement along with the dead body of Saïd and reveals that he plans to eat them. The stranger harnesses Luc and convinces for sex. He finally gives Luc an option to survive with his girlfriend , Luc finally shares bed with stranger and gets away from the forest without killing his rapist. When the couple comes out of forest they find the police near their car and the police comes to know about their murder and the strange hermit also gets arrested. Luc gets arrested as he gets caught into a bear trap, and Alice tries to run away and finally she gets shot by police. In the final sequence the apprehended Luc attempts to stop the police who are beating the forester up but all in vain. He is carried to the city in the police car. That is how the movie ends.'] ['Ann Sutton , the wife of a successful psychoanalyst , is arrested for shoplifting. Ann is saved from scandal by smooth-talking hypnotist David Korvo . Korvo is not what he seems to be, and Ann soon finds herself involved in blackmail and murder. She is unsure whether or not she committed a crime. Her distant but loyal husband stands up for her and eventually sets up the hypnotist, who he thinks is behind all the misdeeds.'] ["*Dumplings - An aging actress wishing to reclaim her youth goes to a woman who makes dumplings that supposedly have regenerative properties. However, they contain a gruesome secret ingredient. *Cut - A successful film director and his wife are kidnapped by an extra from his own films, who forces the director to play his sadistic games. If he fails, his wife's fingers will be chopped off one by one every five minutes. *Box - A soft spoken young woman has a bizarre recurring nightmare about being buried in a box in the snow. Searching for her long lost sister, she realizes her dreams and reality may possibly be connected."] ['The film starts with a man tied to a ceremonial table. Another man then kills him with ahammer to the face. A journalist, Carmen , is having problems with her relationship with her boyfriend, Marcus  who is a photographer. Carmen never seems to stop thinking about work and tends to ignore him. Carmen asks her boss to allow her to to investigate the disappearances of several tourists in the fictional Polish village of Alvania . The last person to go missing was Eric Taylor , the man killed at the beginning of the film. She also mentions that the luggages of all the missing tourists end up being found all around Eastern Europe. Her boss isn\'t interested in another missing persons case, saying that people go missing all the time and does not give her permission to go. Instead, he would rather have her investigate why a farmer\'s bees go missing. Carmen and her intern Sara  visit Eric\'s mother, Laura. Laura tells them that she has tried to get the help of both the Polish and the American Police. However, they are unwilling or too busy to help her. Carmen asks Laura if Eric\'s luggage has been returned to her. Laura says that it has and Carmen borrows Eric\'s journal. Later in her home while reading Eric\'s journal, she has a dream of Eric with bloody eyes who tells her "leave me alone". Carmen, wanting to mend her relationship with Marcus as well as her job, urges him to come with her and Sara to Alvania. Upon reaching Alvania, they find the village people to be secretive, unfriendly and unwelcoming, just as described in the last entry in Eric\'s journal. Although English is taught in the villages\' school, not all the villagers know how  to speak it. They see a man named Henryk butchering a pig then find a girl named Lidia picking flowers and approach her. They show her a picture of Eric and ask if she has seen him. The girl reacts at the site of Eric in the picture but is hesitant to answer. Before she even can, Henryk calls to her and sends her off. Carmen, Sara and Marcus explore the village. They notice that the villagers treat their religious leaders like royalty. They then spot a strange dense area of fog which seems to be concentrated only in one portion of the forest, also mentioned in Eric\'s notes. They are threatened by Henryk and the villagers and told to leave the village when they attempt to move toward the fog. Leaving the village initially, Carmen tells Marcus that they should go back and investigate the fog. Marcus initially disagrees and insists that they leave. Carmen manages to convince Marcus to return by admitting her editor knows nothing about the trip and that her career will be over if she returns with no story. They leave their car and walk into the forest where they eventually find the area with the fog. Carmen, Sara and Marcus find it strange that the fog seems to never move and is quite dense, therefore preventing Marcus from taking pictures of anything inside the fog. Sara enters the fog and disappears into it. Carmen and Marcus wait for Sara to return but after awhile, they lose their patience. Marcus insists that they leave but they can\'t leave Sara behind. Carmen enters the fog to find Sara. Moments after she enters the fog, Sara somehow gets out and is found by Marcus. Sara appears scared and unfocused. Carmen seems to have gotten lose in the fog and comes across a statue of a demon holding a heart. Carmen takes a picture of it. As she moves to the side of the statue in order to take another picture, the statue turns its head to face Carmen. The statue\'s eyes bleed and the \'heart\' in its hand start to beat. This frightens Carmen. As she backs away from the statue, she find herself out of the fog and is found by Marcus and Sara. Sara and Carmen talk about seeing the statue, both a bit disoriented, also having heard strange whispering voices. As they make their way back to their car, they come arcoss Lidia who claims to know the whereabouts of Eric and takes them to a hidden sacrificial shrine, where they discover the bodies of people  that the village people have executed. Each body has a metal mask deeply embedded on its face, making it look as though the villagers are cultists and are practicing some kind of ritual black magic on the tourists who come to Alvania. Marcus, Sara and Carmen notice that Lidia is gone and finds the door to the shrine barred. Luckily, Marcus is able to open it but they are suddenly surrounded by the villagers and flee, hiding in a nearby barn. They are found and struggle to escape but one of the villagers knocks out Carmen. Henryk shoots Sara\'s leg with a crossbow. The villagers knock her out with chloroform but not before she sees the one of the villagers\' face turn into a demon. Marcus runs into the forest and is chased by Henryk. Henryk catches up with him. Marcus fights Henryk but the latter gains the upper hand and knocks him out with chloroform. As they wake up, they see Henryk talking to Lidia. Lidia walks off and the villagers bring them back to the entrance of the sacrificial shrine where the head of the village\'s church, Arkadiusz, decides to sacrifice both Sara and Carmen. Sara and Carmen are taken inside the shrine while Marcus is led away by two villagers and is forced to dig a grave at gunpoint. After one of them leaves, Marcus uses the shovel to disarm the remaining villager with the gun and knock him unconscious. He takes the gun and runs off to rescue Sara and Carmen. At the shrine, cultists strip Carmen and Sara and don them with ceremonial gowns. The Cultists place Sara on the same ceremonial table where Eric was killed while Carmen is placed in a prison cell. The Cultists secure her arms, legs and head. They then deeply lacerate her arms and sever her Achilles\' tendons. While this is being done to her, she sees the faces of the Cultists and Arkadiusz turn into demons. The same mask they found on the corpses is placed over Sara\'s head. It has two spikes inside of it which are meant to pierce Sara\'s eyes and embed the mask on her face. Arkadiusz takes a sledgehammer and uses it to embed the mask on Sara, executing her in the process. One of the Cultists looks at Carmen and she sees that the Cultist\'s face become that of a demon as well. They bring her out to be sacrificed but Marcus rescues her. He locks the Cultists in the shrine and he and Carmen make their escape. They enter a villager\'s house to steal the keys to a truck. Marcus sees a woman, Emilia, and her son, Dariusz, in the kitchen. The woman calls for her husband, Aleks, but is unable to do anything since Marcus still has the gun. Marcus asks them for the keys to the truck but they can\'t understand English. When they see Carmen, Emilia expresses fear and panic. Marcus takes the family to their living room and ties up the couple. While Marcus tries to get them to give him the keys, Carmen starts to experience voices. She sees the objects in the room shake. She sees Daruisz turn into a demon. She sees Emilia and Aleks turn demonic, untie themselves and crawl on the floor. Marcus turns to Carmen and he too has becomes a demon. But in truth, all of them are still human—Emilia and Aleks are still tied up and none of them are even looking at her. Carmen hides in another room where she continues to see and hear things. Dariusz, who understands and speaks English, leads Marcus back to the kitchen and gives him the truck keys. Not wanting to risk Dariusz going out and calling for help, Marcus also ties him up. The boy begs for Marcus to let them go and warns him that Carmen is evil since she has seen the statue. Carmen is then possessed by a demon while she is alone in the room and lets out a very loud shriek. The cultists, who have gotten free and are looking for Carmen, hear the shriek and are alerted of Carmen\'s location. Marcus hears Carmen calling out to him. He enters the room she went inside through a door from the kitchen. As he enters the room, another door leading back to the living room closes. Marcus hears Aleks and Emilia scream in fear and pain, followed by footsteps going to the kitchen. Marcus then hears Dariusz screaming. As he looks out from the door, he sees the boy being dragged away. The door then closes and Dariusz\'s screaming stops. The door leading to the living room slowly opens. He goes to the living room and finds the entire family brutally killed. A possessed Carmen then jumps on him and pins him on the floor. Just as she is about to kill Marcus, she is confronted by the cultists. She kills several of them. Arkadiusz fights back with prayers and holy water. He calls for the mask but the Cultist holding the mask is stunned in fear, giving the possessed Carmen the opportunity to impale Arkadiusz. Carmen turns her attention back to Marcus. Before Arkadiusz dies, he passes on his duties to Henryk. Henryk chants prayers while splashing Carmen with holy water. Henryk stabs Carmen. The prayers weaken her, allowing Henryk to slowly set on her on the floor. Two more Cultists help. They impale Carmen\'s hands and pin her to the floor. Henryk calls for the mask and this time, the Cultist holding the mask complies. They position the mask over Carmen\'s face while Henryk readies the sledgehammer. However Carmen stills struggles and the mask can\'t be properly placed over her eyes. Marcus now realizes what is going on and understands why it was necessary to kill Sara and Carmen. Sara and Carmen saw the statue which is why the villagers had to kill them but not Marcus. The cultists weren\'t sacrificing anyone. They were trying to prevent demonic possessions from taking place. Knowing this, Marcus helps out Henryk and the others by holding Carmen\'s head still. With the mask now in place, Henryk readies the sledgehammer to embed the mask. Carmen returns to normal and asks Marcus for help but Marcus knows it is just a trick. Henryk sends the sledgehammer down and embeds the mask on Carmen, killing her. Marcus then looks at Henryk and the remaining men, wondering what will happen to him since he knows too much. One of the villagers asks Henryk on what they will do with Marcus. In the end, Marcus is set free by the villagers. Henryk offers to have one of the village\'s men take him to where he needs to go. Marcus looks over to the forest where the fog is seen. Not really knowing what is really inside the fog, he asks Henryk about it. He is told that the fog and the statue are a curse left long ago to the village that cannot be undone. The devilish statue is shown once more and the screen goes black.'] ['Rosanna Arquette stars as Martha Travis, a medium who hosts a touring clairvoyant show with her alcoholic father Walter  where she helps members of the audience make contact with deceased relatives. At one meeting, she foretells the violent death of a local factory employee , a whistleblower who was set to reveal corporate malpractice at the plant, and soon becomes the target of the killer herself. At a subsequent meeting in the town, she appears to identify several other individuals who are set to die or be killed. A sceptical local journalist investigating the death, Gary Wallace , begins following the couple and the story. The story is told in flashback, with the opening scenes showing Wallace searching for the reclusive Martha many years after the events depicted in the main body of the film.'] ["A widower locks up his two children, afraid that they will go mad, as did his wife. He then invites a doctor of dubious reputation to supervise the young people's mental health. Meanwhile, in the vicinity of the house, grisly murders are happening..."] ['Jill Johnson  is babysitting the children of a doctor at their home. When the children are asleep, Jill receives a telephone call from a man who asks her if she has checked the children. At first, Jill dismisses the telephone calls as a practical joke; however, as the calls become more frequent and threatening, Jill becomes frightened and telephones the police, who promise that they would trace the call if Jill would keep him on the telephone line long enough. Jill, frightened to extreme measures, arms herself as she receives one final telephone call from the nefarious caller. Soon after her conversation with him, Jill receives a call from the police, only to find out that the stalker is calling from inside the house. The suspense of this part of the movie climaxes when a light turns on at the top of the staircase, which allows Jill to see the shadow of the stalker. Jill immediately runs to the front door to scream for help. Officer John Clifford  is then shown at the police investigation. At this point, the viewer learns that the children had been murdered by the perp several hours earlier. Also, the murderer is identified; he is an English merchant seaman named Curt Duncan , and is subsequently sent to an asylum. Seven years later, Duncan escapes from the asylum, still psychopathic. Dr. Mandrakis hires ex-cop Clifford, now a private investigator, to find Duncan. Still not knowing Clifford is after him, Duncan is now a homeless, vagrant loner. He gets into a fight and is beaten after disturbing a middle-aged woman, Tracy , in a tavern, and later follows her to her apartment. Feeling sorry for his disastrous appearance and for the fact that his attempts at a conversation with her started the fight in the first place, Tracy makes light conversation with him. While they are in the doorway talking, Tracy\'s phone rings forcing her to excuse herself so she can go answer it. While she is on the phone, Duncan lets himself into her apartment. Tracy doesn\'t tell him to leave her place right away nor explicitly rebuffs his awkward proposal to visit her for coffee the next night, assuming or hoping it will be the last of him she will see. Meanwhile an increasingly obsessed and vindictive Clifford, having confided to a former partner  that his intention is to kill Duncan rather than arrest him, follows Duncan\'s trail right to the tavern where the fight took place, and from there to Tracy\'s residence—- precisely the same night in which Duncan is likely to arrive for his visit. Clifford goes there and tells her just how dangerous her situation has become. He also tells her that Duncan literally tore and hacked up Mandrakis\' children with his bare hands, rendering them virtually unrecognizable, which explains why he was found smeared with blood by the police; this, along with some eerie flashbacks experienced by Duncan later in the movie, is one of the few moments where the carnage at the Mandrakis household is described. Upon hearing this, Tracy reluctantly accepts to be Clifford\'s bait at the tavern that evening, although Duncan doesn\'t arrive and she finally decides to return home. Clifford then leaves Tracy\'s place; Duncan, who was hiding in Tracy\'s closet, pushes her to the wall and briefly muffles her cries for help. When he frees her, her horrified shrieks alert Clifford, force the intruder to flee the scene and mark the start of a cat-and-mouse chase through the streets of downtown Los Angeles, during which Clifford is outrun during at least two occasions and finally loses Duncan\'s track. Jill Johnson is now an adult, married with two young children. One night, Jill and her husband Stephen go out to dinner in celebration of a promotion. A friend named Sharon babysits her children. She references that she saw Jill in the newspaper. Curt Duncan happens to find the same newspaper in the city, and begins to look for Jill once again. While the couple is out, Jill gets a telephone call at the restaurant. She answers, and gets another "Have you checked the children...?" Jill panics and calls Sharon. She says nothing is wrong. The police arrive and escort Jill back home. John Clifford tries to telephone Jill, but gets no signal. Jill and Stephen sleep. Later, Jill goes down for a glass of milk, when the lights go out. She goes back upstairs and gets in bed once again. The closet door opens a little, and she hears the voice of Curt Duncan. She tries to awaken Stephen, who turns around, revealing that Curt is actually in the bed. He rips Jill\'s nightgown and chases her around the room. Clifford arrives, and kills Curt, shooting him twice. Stephen is revealed to be in the closet, alive but seemingly unconscious. As Clifford comforts Jill, the last view is of the house, in view of the frightening eyes of Curt Duncan.'] ['One year prior to the events of the movie, Max Matheson  is involved in a car accident that kills his fiancée, Kayla . Due to the accident, he becomes emotionally disturbed and undergoes psychological treatment with Dr. Beaumont , making some progress in dealing with the guilt over the accident. To help Max move forward, his father, Jack Matheson , reopens the Mayflower Department Store in New Orleans and invites Max to replace the security guard, who recently quit under mysterious circumstances while "cutting himself up" on duty. Max accepts the job and his father introduces him to the store manager, Keller Landreaux , the buyer, Jenna McCarty , and the vice-president of operations, Ryan Parker . Before his first shift, Max sees a vision of a dead woman in a mirror, and then sees Jenna\'s reflection, ripping off her head. Meanwhile, Jenna is killed by her reflection, being thrown through glass doors and a shard of glass decapitating her. Max realizes that he foresees the deaths in the mirrors. That night, he tries to find the ghost, but instead sees Ryan\'s reflection being eviscerated. He tries to contact Ryan, but gets no response. Later, Ryan is killed, in the same way as his reflection. Max sees his father\'s face covered in cuts in a puddle then races to his father\'s house. Jack is almost killed by his reflection, after Max made it to his house and hints to whoever is manipulating the mirrors that he would do whatever she wants him to do if she spares his father. Max later returns to the Mayflower, but he is stopped by Detectives Huston and Piccirilli , explaining about what happened in Ryan and Jenna\'s deaths. Max denies any involvements and, though they remain suspicious, they let Max get back to his work. Max goes to the main mirror, to find out who the ghost is. Suddenly, Max\'s reflection shows a light, which Max follows in each of the mirrors. He finds a box and opens it to find an ID of a woman named Eleanor Reigns , a new employee of the Mayflower who disappeared two months ago. The light shines outside and Max finds a missing person flier for Eleanor. Max reads it as he contacts Eleanor\'s older sister Elizabeth  to learn details of her disappearance. Together, they discover that someone had deleted the surveillance files on the night of Eleanor\'s disappearance in the store\'s computer. Max and Elizabeth visit Henry Schow , the store\'s former security guard and the last person who reached the files. Henry\'s mouth had been scarred by his reflection. Through Henry, they learn that Eleanor is dead and her spirit is seeking revenge on whoever was involved in her murder. Two months prior, during the Mayflower\'s grand opening party, Jenna and Ryan spiked Eleanor\'s drink with drugs. Keller raped Eleanor while she was intoxicated and was directly responsible of her death. Henry found Keller burying Eleanor\'s body in Mayflower\'s basement\'s crawlspace and is ordered to delete the surveillance files to cover up the crime. Two days after her death, Eleanor, whose soul is trapped in the mirror world and can only be visible to her killers, began stalking them. She began to mutilate Henry by manipulating his reflection to eat shards of glass after he erased the files, and eventually killed Jenna and Ryan, before moving on to Keller. When Eleanor realized that the newly-hired Max could see her, and despite the fact that he had no involvement in her death, she forced him to help her make contact with her sister by threatening his father\'s life. Max realizes that his near-death experience a year prior has given him an ability to see the other side. Max and Elizabeth go to the Mayflower and search for Eleanor\'s body in its basement. They are chased by Keller, after he realizes that they know what happened. He nearly strangles Elizabeth, but Max saves her, thus duplicating the near-death encounter Max had experienced and allowing Elizabeth to see Eleanor. After seeing Eleanor again, Max wrestles Keller, pushing him to the main mirror. Eleanor kills Keller, saving Max and Elizabeth, but leaving them in shock. At the police station, Henry confesses to the detectives of his unintentional involvement in Eleanor\'s murder. The police interrogation room\'s one-way mirror starting to crack after Henry is alone, and he sees Eleanor again on its reflection. Henry\'s scream is heard after the screen cuts to black.'] ['The film concerns four characters, three of whom are mathematicians and one an inventor, receiving letters from an anonymous source using the name Fermat. The letter states that Fermat is organizing a meeting of brilliant intellectuals, and to attend, the recipient of the letter must solve a certain "enigma." Upon completion of the puzzle, a second letter is received with instructions to show up at a given time and place, alone, without a cell phone, to work on the greatest enigma. All the recipients receive pseudonyms, Galois, Hilbert, and Pascal. We are then introduced to a fourth character, known as Oliva. When they are all at the meeting place, at a river, a car on the other side flashes its lights, and they use a row boat named Pythagoras to reach it. Inside is a PDA with GPS directions that they follow to an abandoned warehouse in the middle of nowhere. Upon entering and searching, they find a room resembling what Hilbert describes as a room that intellectuals would meet in. After a short waiting period, a man enters and introduces himself as Fermat. They begin to talk and discuss things, but eventually Fermat receives a phone call about his daughter, whom he claims is in a coma at a nearby hospital. Fermat leaves, but forgets his coat. Pascal chases after him, but Fermat has already driven off. Fermat\'s wallet drops out of a pocket in the confusion. Pascal picks up the open wallet, and notices a picture of a girl. He returns to the room. Upon Pascal\'s return, the PDA emits a sound and displays the first enigma, along with a deadline of one minute for its solution. Hilbert, Oliva, and Galois work on the problem, exceeding the one-minute deadline but eventually Pascal reveals it to be a clichéd problem and solves it. Meanwhile, Pascal had noticed that the room had begun to shrink when the deadline was reached. He finds an inventory sales order for 4 industrial strength presses. The group then realizes that the presses are set to compress the room when time on the enigmas is exceeded. As the occupants of the room continue to work on more and more enigmas, details about their pasts begin to emerge. Meanwhile, Fermat is shown at a gas station, and then at a hospital. He is shown upset when it turns out that the hospital didn\'t call him. The nurses suggest that he go home, but he realizes he left his house keys in his jacket, and must return to the warehouse. The group then tries to use the furniture in the room to stop the moving walls, but the furniture shatters. When they discover an invitational letter addressed to "Fermat" with unique instructions, one of them makes the suggestion that Fermat was not their host after all, but merely another pawn of the true host. One of the group theorizes that since all this was a revenge plot, the person wanting revenge would want to see it happen. As there were no visible cameras or viewpoints, the person trying to kill them has to be in the room.'] ["{{Plot|dateFlashbackFlash-forward Back in the present, Fenix goes out to a field trip to a movie theater along with other patients, most of whom suffer from Down Syndrome. A pimp intercepts him and four others and persuades them to take cocaine and follow him to a large prostitute. On the way Fenix spots the Tattooed Woman, who is now a prostitute, and becomes filled with rage. The Tattooed Woman is also shown prostituting Alma, who manages to escape the house and runs away into the night. Back in the asylum, Fenix's armless mother Concha calls out for him from the street and he escapes by climbing down his cell window. The Tattooed Woman is then repeatedly stabbed and killed by a pair of womanly hands. Mother and son go on to put an act where he stands behind her and inserts his arms in her sleeves so that she pretends to have arms again. Together they perform mimicry and piano-playing. But soon enough Fenix realizes that his mother can literally take full control of his arms to do her bidding. This does not only include performing day-to-day acts such as eating or knitting, but also killing those women whom she deems a threat to her son. He is forced to kill a young woman in the fashion his father Orgo used to knife-throw, as well as a cross-dressing wrestler, whom he slashes with a sword. It is revealed in a dream that he has killed many more women, all of whose memories haunt him. Alma finds Fenix and together plan to run away from Concha and her house, now fashioned in a similar way to her demolished temple. She tries to force him to murder Alma as well, but after some struggle he manages to plunge a knife into Concha's stomach, apparently killing her. But she reveals to him that she will always be inside him, and vanishes. Through a series of flashbacks it is revealed that Concha actually died after being maimed by Orgo, and that Fenix has kept a mannequin in the fashion of his armless mother while performing both on stage and at home. He destroys the homemade temple and throws away the mannequin with the help of his hallucinated childhood friends, Aladin and the clowns. The police are waiting outside the house and order both Fenix and Alma to put their hands up. Both comply, and Fenix watches his own with awe as he does so. He has regained control of them."] ['During a routine walk home, advertising executive Murray  runs into Carter , a would-be mugger. After a struggle, Murray strikes Carter in the face with his briefcase and proceeds to walk away. Murray notices that the mugger is part of a small gang, which begins to chase him. Fearing for his life, he climbs a tree to evade capture, but finds himself unable to leave when the gang decides to wait for him to come down. Attempts to call for help are useless, as Murray had been forced to give up his possessions to his attackers. As the night rolls in, the gang slowly becomes desperate and tries to force Murray out of the tree, but find themselves accidentally providing him with weapons and hostages. The night continues and through several events, the two sides learn the importance of human life and begin to change.'] ["A contemporary psychological thriller in which a young British couple travelling through the Australian outback become involved with a mysterious and charismatic American whose motive for imposing his friendship upon them becomes increasingly suspect and sinister. The film opens with Alex  arriving in Sydney, making his way to a backpacker's hostel, where he meets Taylor . After partying one night, Alex awakens with Taylor standing over him with a Polaroid camera, snapping a photo of Alex with a girl he had met that night. Taylor learns that Alex is travelling to Byron Bay to meet up with his girlfriend, Sophie , and suggest they travel together. Alex and Taylor appear to get along well and soon arrive at Byron Bay. When Alex and Taylor meet up with Sophie, she is travelling with a friend, Ingrid . The four of them soon decide to travel together, headed towards Katherine Gorge in the Northern Territory. The following day as they are preparing to leave Byron Bay for the Australian outback, Ingrid mysteriously disappears. When Sophie quizzes Taylor about her unannounced departure, he shrugs off her concern. Taylor, Alex and Sophie set off for the outback in Taylor's car."] ['A recent ex convict named Leo Grainer lives secluded on Fog Island with the daughter of his murdered wife. Seeking to learn who murdered her, and to exact revenge on those who framed him and destroyed his business, he invites his former associates to his creepy island mansion on the pretext he may share a hidden fortune with them. Prior to their arrival he rigs the mansion with secret passages and a trap. Then, once his guests arrive, he gives each a clue, including his step daughter and butler. This successfully pits everyone against the others and plays on their greed. What then transpires is conflict, revealed mysteries, sudden death, and an unlikely resolution.'] ['Jules , a young postman, is obsessed with Cynthia Hawkins , a beautiful and celebrated opera singer who has never consented to have her performances recorded. He attends her performance, secretly and illegally records it, and steals a gown from her dressing room. Unknowingly, Jules also comes into possession of another important tape: the testimony of a prostitute, exposing Saporta, a high-ranking policeman, as the boss of various rackets. The prostitute drops the recording in the bag of the postman\'s moped moments before she is murdered. In danger from Saporta\'s enforcers as well as from Taiwanese gangsters seeking the Hawkins tape, Jules seeks refuge with his new friends, the mysterious bohemian Serge Gorodish  and his young muse Alba . Gorodish acts as a deus ex machina to manipulate Jules\'s enemies into destroying each other. Meanwhile a romantic relationship between Jules and Cynthia develops, emphasised by the piano instrumental \'Promenade Sentimentale\' of Vladimir Cosma as they walk around Paris early one morning. Jules returns Hawkins\' dress out of guilt after stealing it. Although she is initially angry, she then becomes amused and somewhat moved that she has such a fan. The two have breakfast together and Jules is given the privilege of hearing her practice her singing. Their relationship becomes somewhat strained however, when Hawkins hears that a perfect bootleg copy of her performance was made and sent to Taiwan, which insists that she either sign to make recordings of her performances or they will sell copies of the illegal tape. Jules believes that Gorodish and Alba sold the tape to the hitmen after him. He later learns that they still have the tape and that the call was a fake. At the end of the movie however, he plays the bootleg tape for Cynthia. She expresses slight nervousness over hearing it as she "never heard [herself] sing". Jules responds by holding her and the two dance together to the music.'] ["Sarah Morton , a middle-aged English mystery author, who has written a successful series of novels featuring a single detective, is having writer's block that is impeding her next book. Sarah's publisher, John Bosload , offers her his country house near Lacoste, France for some rest and relaxation. After becoming comfortable with the run of the house, Sarah's quietude is disrupted by a young woman claiming to be the publisher's daughter, Julie . She shows up one night claiming to be taking time off from work herself. She also claims that her mother used to be Bosload's mistress, but that he would not leave his family. Julie's sex life consists of one-night stands with various oafish men, and a competition of personalities develops between the two women. At first Sarah regards Julie as a distraction from her writing. She uses earplugs to allow her to sleep during Julie's noisy nighttime adventures, although she nonetheless has a voyeuristic fascination with them. Later she abandons the earplugs during one of Julie's trysts, beginning to envy Julie's lifestyle. The competition comes to the fore when a local waiter, Franck , is involved. Julie wants him but he appears to prefer the more mature Sarah, having struck up a relationship with her during her frequent lunches at the bistro. An unexpected tragedy occurs after a night of flirting among the three. After swimming together in the pool, Franck refuses to allow Julie to continue performing oral sex on him, once Sarah, who watches them from the balcony, throws a rock into the water. Franck feels frightened and tells Julie he is leaving. The next day, Franck is missing. While investigating Franck's disappearance, Sarah learns that Julie's mother has been dead for some time, though Julie had claimed that she was still alive. She returns to the villa, where a confused Julie thinks that Sarah is her mother and has a breakdown. She eventually recovers and confesses that Franck is dead because Julie repeatedly hit him over the head with a rock as he tried to leave her at the pool. His body is in one of the sheds. When Marcel  becomes suspicious of the mound of fresh soil where the body is buried, Sarah seduces the elderly gardener to distract him. Julie leaves, thanking Sarah for her help and leaving her the manuscript of an unpublished novel written by her late mother, which she had previously claimed that John made her burn. Sarah returns to England and visits her publisher's office with her new novel. His daughter also shows up just as Sarah is leaving, but is revealed to be a completely different girl than the one Sarah spent the weekend with."] ['The film takes place in a period of six days, with footage from a fictional pop group "Dessert" opening the movie, and closing during the credits. Tokyo, May 27th, 54 teenage schoolgirls commit mass suicide by throwing themselves in front of an oncoming train. Shortly after, at a hospital, two nurses commit suicide by jumping out of a window. At both locations rolls of flesh are found, with the missing skin matching removed flesh on corpses. Three detectives - Kuroda , Shibusawa , and Murata , are notified by a hacker named Kiyoko  of a link between the suicides and a website, which shows the number of suicides via red and white circles. May 28, at a high school, a group of students jump off the roof during a lunch break, due to an escalating series of events, sending the city in search of a "Suicide Club". On May 29, the suicide boom has spread all over Japan. Mitsuko  is on her way home when she gets hit by her boyfriend, Masa, who has thrown himself off a roof. Mitsuko is taken to the police station for questioning, where the police strip search Mitsuko and discover that she has a butterfly tattoo. On May 30, the police receive a call from a boy who warns that on that evening at 7:30, another mass suicide will take place at the same platform. The detectives organize a stake-out in order to prevent another mass suicide, but there is no suicide. Meanwhile, the individual and smaller-scale group suicides continue all over Japan, claiming many lives, including Kuroda\'s entire family. He gets a call from the boy who warned them about the second suicide wave, at which point, upon the conversations conclusion, Kuroda shoots himself. Meanwhile, Kiyoko is caught by a group led by a costumed man named Genesis whose hideout is a small subterranean bowling alley, where he resides with four glam-rock cohorts. During her capture, Genesis performs a song while stomping to death dogs and cats bound in white sacks. At Genesis\' lair, Kiyoko e-mails the authorities information about her whereabouts. The police arrest Genesis and it is assumed the "Suicide Club" is caught. On June 1, Mitsuko goes to her boyfriend\'s home to return his helmet, where she notices the Dessert posters on the wall and recognizes a pattern. Soon, the boy from earlier calls her to tell her there is no "Suicide Club" and to invite her to a secret concert. On June 2, Mitsuko sneaks into the backstage area, where she wanders onto a stage. She sees a group of children in the audience, who ask her a series of questions. Mitsuko impresses the children, so they take her to a room where a strip from her skin is shaved off, where the butterfly-tattoo is located. A new roll of skin ends up with the police, which detective Shibusawa recognizes as "a little bit Mitsuko". That evening he sees Mitsuko as she is standing at the Train Station. As the train pulls out of the station, the credits roll.'] ['Carl has travelled to London to clear up the details of his brothers death. Although Carl finds that there is another side to his brothers life. A group of all-night rave junkies accept him into their family, as the brother of their late friend. Carl is then drawn into their world in order to discovering the truth about his brothers suspicious death.'] ['Theresa is one of the twelve jurors who have to decide about a case of assassination. She believes very strongly in the innocence of the young man, but cannot convince the others. During the discussions she realizes that one member of the jury knows details that he could not know from the trial alone. Since no one believes her suspicions, she investigates on her own.'] ["Bob and Jill Lawrence , are a British couple on vacation in St. Moritz, Switzerland, with their daughter Betty . Jill is participating in a clay pigeon shooting contest. They befriend a foreigner, Louis Bernard , who is staying in their hotel. One evening, as Jill dances with Louis, she witnesses his assassination as a French spy. Before dying, the spy passes on to them some vital information to be delivered to the British consul. In order to ensure their silence, the assassins, led by a charming and nefarious Abbott , kidnap the Lawrences' daughter. Unable therefore to seek help from the police, the couple return to England and, after following a series of leads, discover that the group intends to assassinate the ambassador of an unidentified European country, during a concert at the Royal Albert Hall. Jill attends the concert and distracts the gunman with a scream. The assassins are tracked to a working-class area of London near the docks, where they have their hide-out in the church of a sun-worshipping cult. Bob enters and is held prisoner, but manages to escape. The police surround the building and a gunfight ensues. The assassins hold out until their ammunition runs low and most of them have been killed. Betty, who has been held there, and one of the criminals are seen on the roof, and it is Jill's sharpshooting skills that dispatch the man, who, it emerges, was the man who beat Jill in a shooting contest in Switzerland. As Abbott seems to commit suicide rather than be captured, Betty is returned to her parents."] ['The Danvers State Hospital has been closed since 1985. Gordon Fleming  is the owner of The Hazmat Elimination Company, a small asbestos removal company. When he hears that the hospital needs asbestos removed, he makes a bid to remove it, as he is in desperate need of money. He is also a new father, and the stress of work and parenthood have been causing problems between him and his wife, Wendy. Gordon\'s team is small, but eclectic. Mike  is a law school dropout, who knows the most about the asylum in the group. Phil  is filled with bitterness after losing his long-time girlfriend to Hank , another team member. Because of this, Phil has taken up smoking marijuana. Jeff, Gordon\'s nephew , is the youngest member, and suffers from severe nyctophobia. Mike discovers a box marked "Evidence" in a tunnel. Inside, he finds a collection of nine taped sessions with former patient number 444, a 37-year-old named Mary Hobbes from 1974. He listens and becomes increasingly engrossed in the interviews, which detail her dissociative identity disorder . Two of Hobbes\' personalities are harmless and childlike. They all refer to another personality named Simon, someone they don\'t want to talk about. Throughout the sessions, it is revealed that something terrible happened involving a knife and a china doll when she was fourteen during Christmas 1951 in Lowell, Massachusetts. Gordon opens up to Phil and admits that he hit Wendy after she accidentally spilled a pot of boiling water on him. He is extremely depressed, frequently talking to his wife on his cell phone, asking her forgiveness. Meanwhile, Hank finds a stash of old coins and other valuable items that have been left in a tunnel since the asylum closed. He returns one night to steal the artifacts, among which he finds an orbitoclast. He follows sounds and finds an empty peanut butter jar, the same as the kind Gordon brought home the first night. Terrified, Hank tries to run out of the tunnels, when he is attacked by an unseen assailant and disappears. Gordon begins to suspect that Phil may have murdered him. Hank, however, is soon found by Jeff. Gordon goes with Jeff to investigate but Hank is gone when they arrive. The coworkers split up to find Hank. One by one, they become lost in the huge asylum and are slowly ambushed by an unseen attacker. Meanwhile, the recording of the final session with patient 444, session 9, is heard. Simon, the evil personality, finally speaks. He reveals that when she was a child, Mary, encouraged by Simon, murdered her brother after he scared her. He had previously caused her to severely injure herself by falling over onto her china doll. She then proceeded to kill the rest of her family. A flashback reveals that, after his initial inspection of the hospital, Gordon went home, and when his wife spilled the boiling water on him, he did not slap her as he told Phil, but in fact murdered her and his daughter, at Simon\'s encouragement. He then proceeded to murder all of his colleagues in succession (committing the murders in a [[dissociation . Gordon, talking into his broken cell phone, starts crying and apologizing to his wife. In the final scene, the doctor asks: "And where do you live, Simon?" Simon replies, "I live in the weak and the wounded, Doc."'] ["A phantom express starts derailing trains, and threatens a company's future. The son of the owner must find out what is happening before the company is sold."] ['An American family, Dr. Ben McKenna , his wife Jo  and their son Hank ([[Christopher Olsen  are vacationing in Morocco. On a bus from Casablanca to Marrakesh, they befriend a Frenchman named Louis Bernard , who is friendly enough, but Jo becomes suspicious at his many questions and evasive answers, and thinks he is hiding something. Bernard offers to take the McKennas out to dinner that night but suddenly cancels when a sinister-looking man arrives at the door of the McKenna\'s hotel room claiming to be looking for another guest\'s room. Later, while dining at a local restaurant, the McKennas meet an English couple, the Draytons, who strike up a conversation with the McKennas, who are surprised to see Bernard arrive at the restaurant and sit at another table while apparently ignoring the group. The next day, while exploring a busy outdoor marketplace in Marrakesh with the Draytons, the McKennas see a man in Arab clothing being chased by police. After being stabbed in the back, the man approaches Ben, who discovers the man is really Bernard in disguise. Before dying, Bernard whispers into Ben\'s ear that a foreign statesman will be murdered in London very soon, and that he must tell the authorities there about \'Ambrose Chappell\'. Mrs. Drayton offers to return Hank to the hotel while Dr. and Mrs. McKenna are questioned by the authorities. The interrogator reveals that Bernard was a French Intelligence agent on assignment in Morocco. While at the police station, Ben receives a phone call from a mysterious man who informs him that Hank has been kidnapped but will not be harmed if the McKennas say nothing to the police about Bernard\'s last words. After arriving in London the McKennas are told by Scotland Yard Inspector Buchanan that Bernard was indeed a spy trying to uncover an assassination plot in Morocco, and that they should contact him if they hear from the kidnappers. Leaving friends in their hotel room, the McKennas follow a false lead resulting from their assumption that \'Ambrose Chappell\' is a person, but finally track the kidnappers to a church named \'Ambrose Chapel\', the kidnappers\' base of operations where Mr. Drayton, posing as a minister, is leading a service. While Jo calls police, Drayton ends the service early and Ben confronts him and is knocked out. The Draytons take Hank to a foreign embassy just before Jo arrives with the police at the seemingly deserted chapel. Jo learns Buchanan has gone to a concert at the Royal Albert Hall and goes there to get his help. There she sees the man who mistakenly came to her door in Morocco. When he threatens her son if she interferes, she realises he is the assassin sent to kill the foreign Prime Minister  now also at the concert hall. Ben escapes the locked chapel and tracks Jo to the hall, where she points out the assassin to him. Ben frantically searches the balcony boxes for the killer, who is waiting for a cymbal crash to mask the gunshot. But when Jo sees the barrel of the assassin\'s gun appear from behind a curtain, she screams just as the cymbals crash, causing him to miss his mark and merely wound his target. Ben finds and struggles with the assassin, who falls to his death from the balcony. The grateful Prime Minister invites the McKennas to meet with him at his London embassy. The McKennas learn that the Draytons have taken refuge in the Prime Minister\'s embassy, where Hank is being held, and where the ambassador has led the plot to kill his own Prime Minister. Hatching a plan to find their son, Ben and Jo arrive at the residence and are welcomed as heroes for having saved the Prime Minister\'s life. Jo loudly sings a song Hank is familiar with so that he will hear his mother\'s voice and hopefully respond to it. Mrs. Drayton, who is guarding Hank but is unwilling to harm him, tells him to whistle along with the song, which draws Ben to the room where he is being held. Mr. Drayton catches them and tries to escape with the two as hostages, but is struck by Ben and falls down the stairs and is killed when his gun fires accidentally. The McKennas return to their now-sleeping friends in their hotel room, where Ben says, "I\'m sorry we were gone so long, but we had to go over and pick up Hank."'] ["The film is set in the Mid-Coast town of Camden, Maine. Dr. Matt Fowler  and Ruth Fowler  enjoy a happy marriage and a good relationship with their son Frank , a recent college graduate who has come home for the summer. Frank has fallen in love with an older woman with children, Natalie Strout . Frank is also applying to graduate school for architecture, but is considering staying in town to work in the fishing industry and be near to Natalie. Natalie's ex-husband, Richard Strout , whose family owns a local fish-processing and delivery business, is violent and abusive. Richard actively tries to find a way into his ex-wife and son's lives, going to increasingly violent lengths to get his intentions across to Natalie. Ruth is openly concerned about Frank's relationship with Natalie, while Matt sees past his wife's worries. Midway through the film, Richard kills Frank during a confrontation at Natalie's house, following a domestic dispute. Though equally devastated, Matt and Ruth grieve in different ways with Matt putting on a brave face while Ruth becomes reclusive and quiet. Richard is set free on bail, paid by his well-to-do family, and both Matt and Ruth are forced to see Richard around town. The tension between the pair increases when they learn that the lack of a direct witness to their son's shooting allows the killer to avoid murder charges, since the district attorney may have difficulty proving that Richard killed Frank intentionally, as opposed to accidental manslaughter in a struggle which defense attorney Marla Keyes  argues. The silence between the couple erupts in an argument where each is confronted with the truth about each parent's relationship with their son: Ruth was overbearing and Matt let him get away with everything. With the strain between them broken, the couple is finally able to find a common ground in their grief. However, both realize that the court will not bring the justice to Richard that he deserves. Unable to live with Richard walking free and determined to heal himself and his wife, Matt abducts and kills Richard. He and a friend dispose of the body in the woods. Matt returns home to Ruth, who waits for him patiently. Ruth goes to make coffee and Matt pulls a band-aid from his finger, showing that he is finally ready to heal from the tragedy of his son's death on his own."] ["The peaceful Morris family moves to a small town and buy the town grocery store, only to run into the Cullens, a family that's been bullying the townspeople for years, and they begin to torment the Morrises every chance they get. Matt Morris  begins seeing a girl named Becky , whose last name is unfortunately Cullen. In this Romeo and Juliet-esque relationship, Matt and Becky have to keep their relationship a secret, but when the feuding families find out, harassment is elevated to vicious assault."] ['The movie takes place in 1970. The Vietnam War is escalating and United States President Richard Nixon has just decided on a "secret" bombing campaign in Cambodia. Faced with a growing anti-war movement, President Nixon decrees a state of emergency based on the McCarran Internal Security Act of 1950, which authorizes federal authorities, without reference to Congress, to detain persons judged to be a "risk to internal security". Members from the anti-war movement, civil rights movement, feminist movement, conscientious objectors, and Communist party, mostly university students, are arrested and face an emergency tribunal made up of community members. With state and federal jails at their top capacity, the convicted face the option of spending their full conviction time in federal prison or three days at Punishment Park. There, they will have to traverse 53 miles of the hot California desert in three days, without water or food, while being chased by National Guardsmen and law enforcement officers as part of their field training. If they succeed and reach the American flag at the end of the course, they will be set free. If they fail by getting "arrested", they will serve the remainder of their sentence in federal prison.{{cite book}}'] ['{{plot}} Walter Sparrow  is an animal control officer married to Agatha ; they have a son, Robin . At a bookstore, Agatha begins looking at a book called "The Number 23" written by Topsy Kretts. She later gives Walter the book as a birthday present. Walter starts reading the book, noticing odd similarities between himself and the main character, a detective who refers to himself as "Fingerling". Walter begins to have dreams of murdering Agatha. After one such dream he checks into a motel where he stays up all night finishing the book, only to discover that it ends at chapter 22 with Fingerling about to commit suicide after murdering his lover. The next day, Walter sees a dog who he had earlier tried to capture. It leads him to a cemetery and the grave of Laura Tollins  a college student who had been murdered by her professor Kyle Flinch , with whom she was having an affair. The circumstances of Laura\'s murder mirror those of Fingerling\'s lover in the book. Walter thinks the professor wrote the book as a secret confession and goes to see him in jail. The man proclaims his innocence of the murder and of being the author, stating he would never choose a pen name like "Topsy Kretts," pointing out that it is an obvious homophone for "Top Secrets." Upon discovering an address in the book, the family arranges a meeting with Topsy Kretts , who, upon being confronted by Walter, becomes panicked, proclaims that Walter should be dead and slits his own throat. Inside the man\'s pockets, Agatha finds an ID card belonging to a mental institution, showing the man is Dr. Sirius Leary. She goes to the abandoned asylum and finds Walter\'s name on a box in Leary\'s office. Meanwhile, Robin and Walter discover that every 23rd word on every 23rd page of the book spells out two messages which lead them to "Casanova\'s Park." They arrive at the park late that night and go down a staircase marked "The Steps to Heaven" which consists of 23 steps. At the bottom, they dig deep in the ground and discover a human skeleton, presumably Laura Tollins, but when they return with a police officer, the bones have disappeared. Walter confronts Agatha about taking the bones and accuses her of writing the book. She admits to moving the skeleton to protect him, but tells Walter that it was he who wrote the book, and shows him the contents of the box from the Institute. In the box there is a manuscript of The Number 23 with Walter\'s name on it and an ankle bracelet that belonged to Laura Tollins. He returns to the hotel to room 23, where he tears down the wallpaper and finds the missing 23rd chapter written all over the wall. The chapter explains that the story was Walter\'s confession and he remembers why he did everything: his father killed himself after the death of Walter\'s mother. His suicide note was just pages of things that added up to the number 23. Walter loved Laura Tollins and grew obsessed with 23 because of his father. Laura began sleeping with her professor. Walter tried to warn her about the number being dangerous and how it was going to come after her. She told him he was crazy, daring Walter to kill her. Walter went into a rage, stabbing her and burying her in the park, which Ned observed. The professor was the first to walk into the room where Laura was killed, and he picked up the knife, covering the weapon with his fingerprints and staining his hands with blood. With this evidence, he was convicted for the murder. Walter went to the hotel room, wrote The Number 23, placing the 23rd chapter on the walls, floor and every other part of the room, and then jumped off the balcony. He survived but suffered severe injuries and trauma. Walter ended up in the institute where Dr. Leary worked. Dr. Leary read the manuscript and, after publishing it, became obsessed with the number 23 himself. Because of the fall, Walter suffered memory loss and upon leaving the institute he met Agatha. Agatha finds Walter at the hotel, and tries to assure him that he is no longer the person he was when he wrote the book. He insists that he is a killer, accepting the fact that he murdered Laura Tollins, and tells Agatha to leave before he kills her too. Agatha pushes a letter opener into Walter\'s hand, saying that if he is indeed a killer, he can easily kill again, and dares him to kill her. She tells him that she loves him. Walter tells her that she can\'t love him because no one can, mirroring an accusation made by Laura on the night of her murder. He leaves the hotel and runs into the street, where he nearly allows himself to be run over by a bus, but steps out of the way at the last minute when he realizes his son is watching. As he embraces his family, a voiceover by Walter tells the audience that he turned himself in to the police and is awaiting sentencing, having been told that the judge will likely go easy on him since he turned himself in. A funeral procession takes place in front of Laura Tollins\'s grave, where it is implied her body has finally been laid to rest, as Flinch observes, finally a free man. At the end of the film, viewers can see the Bible reading from Numbers 32:23: "Be sure your sin will find you out."'] ['Yakusho plays Kenichi Takabe, an emotionlly repressed police detective with a mentally unstable wife. Takabe investigates a series of bizarre murders. Though each victim is killed in the same way, with a large "X" carved into their necks, the perpetrator is different each time. In every case the murderers are caught close to the scene of the crime, and although they readily confess to committing the crimes, they never have substantial motive and cannot explain what drove them to kill. Takabe, together with a psychologist named Sakuma, eventually determines that one man is the common thread among the murders, as each person he comes in contact with commits a killng shortly thereafter. The man, called Mamiya, appears to have extreme short-term memory loss; he seems constantly confused about what day it is, where he is, and what his name is. He claims to recall nothing of his past. After Takabe catches Mamiya, he searches the man\'s apartment and discovers that Mamiya used to be a student of psychology who studied mesmerism and hypnosis. Takabe comes to realize that Mamiya has no memory problems, and that he is instead a master of hypnosis, capable of planting criminal suggestions in strangers\' minds by exposing them to repetitive sounds, the motion of water, or the flame of a lighter. Mamiya is jailed and charged with incitement to murder. Mamiya also finds Takabe fascinating, possibly because he cannot force Takabe to kill. Takeba does have visions of his wife dead, however, and the more he researches Mamiya, the more Takeba feels that he might be losing his mind. His wife\'s strange behavior and concerns about his own mental stability lead him to have her committed to a mental hospital. When Mamiya escapes, killing a policeman and a doctor in the process, Takabe tracks him to a deserted building in the wilderness and shoots him. The film\'s final scenes suggest that Takabe himself has become the master hypnotist, and that he is carrying on Mamiya\'s bizarre work.'] ["Marcus is a twelve-year-old schoolboy his mother recently died leaving it up to his wealthy author Paul to look after him. He takes a sexual interest in his stepmother Elise. Elise notices his abnormal behaviour and investigates by visiting his school after discovering a torn-up letter from his headmaster. Elise is shocked by her findings. Elise becomes increasingly disturbed and wonders if Marcus is to blame for his mother's death. Elise enlists the help of psychiatrist, Dr Viorne to find answers."] ['Detective Ulisse Moretti  is investigating a series of murders in Turin in 1983 known as The Dwarf Murders. The main suspect, a giallo novelist named Vincenzo de Fabritiis, turns up dead and the case is considered closed. However, seventeen years later, a similar series of murders begin and draw the since-retired Moretti back into the case. Moretti teams up with Giacomo , whose mother was murdered in the 1983 spree, to determine if de Fabritiis is still alive or was actually innocent of the crimes for which he was accused. As the murders continue, the investigating duo discovers that the murderer is arranging their murder to an old nursery rhyme about the killing of animals.'] ['Spencer Armacost  is a NASA astronaut. While on a space-walking mission with fellow astronaut Alex Streck, an explosion results in a communication loss for two minutes between the astronauts and Earth. After returning to their respective spouses, the two astronauts never speak about their ordeal and Streck grows increasingly hostile towards Armacost, constantly saying that he is not his friend. Not long after their return, Streck bleeds to death during a party. His death is ruled as a rare hemorrhagic stroke by NASA. While still in mourning for her lost husband, Streck\'s wife commits suicide by sitting in a running shower with an AC powered radio. Spencer retires from NASA and takes an executive position in New York City. His wife Jillian  becomes pregnant with twins. She begins to notice changes in Spencer\'s personality and becomes suspicious. She questions him about what happened during the time they lost contact, but he did not answer her. Sherman Reese , a former NASA employee who had been fired after the astronauts\' return, contacts Jillian. He tells her that Spencer is not her husband. Originally, Jillian doesn\'t believe Reese, but she starts to recognize similarities between his accounts and her husband\'s behaviour. Reese makes arrangements to meet Jillian again so that he can show her more proof, but before that happens, it is implied that Spencer kills Reese. Spencer takes possession of a satchel belonging to Reese which contains the information that can explain what\'s going on. Jillian does, however, receive the information that Reese intended to pass her in the form of a video tape. Despite the film\'s earlier ambiguities, Spencer turns out to have been possessed by an extraterrestrial. Fellow astronaut Streck was as well, but the possession was incomplete and his body rejected the entity, which led to his death. In order to keep the secret, Spencer kills Jillian\'s sister Nan, who confronts him when she sees Spencer in possession of Reese\'s satchel. Jillian attempts to electrocute both her husband and herself. During the confrontation it is confirmed that Spencer is possessed. Spencer is electrocuted and his true alien form, a tentacled energy being, is revealed briefly before "transmitting" itself into Jillian through her eyes and stopping her from being electrocuted. Years later, Jillian has re-married and sends her twin sons off on their first day of school. It is implied that she is now possessed and that the children, who are also alien, were conceived after Spencer had become possessed. Her new husband is a fighter pilot, a career which Jillian intends for her sons as well.'] ['The film opens in the early 1980s where teenager Martin Asher  is seen fleeing from home, taking a bus in Canada. He befriends another teen on the bus, Matt Soulsby  and the two talk about their plans for the future. When their bus breaks down, the two decide to rent a car and drive all the way to Seattle. While Matt is changing a flat tire, Martin comments on how he and Matt are both about the same height, and pushes Matt in the way of an oncoming truck. He is last seen taking Matt\'s guitar and walking away singing in the fashion that Matt had been in the car. Twenty years later, a successful FBI profiler, Illeana Scott , is summoned to help out Canadian law enforcement in Montreal, to apprehend Asher, who has been killing people for years and assuming their identities as he travels across North America. Illeana has to adjust to working in a strange city with a police team that she does not really fit in with. Meanwhile, Mrs. Asher , Martin\'s mother, claims she has recently seen her son in Montreal and tells the police she truly believes Martin is evil. The team meets with art salesman James Costa , an eyewitness who saw Asher kill his last victim. James makes a drawing of Asher and, within a couple of days, Asher\'s apartment is found. Illeana discovers Asher\'s next target is Costa, so protecting him is priority number one. During the time they spend together, Illeana and James begin to develop feelings for each other, though Illeana refuses to become involved with him because of the ongoing case. After kidnapping Costa with Illeana in pursuit, Asher supposedly dies in a car accident and the case is closed. As Illeana is packing up in preparation to return home, Costa visits her in her motel room. Without saying anything, he undresses her and they make passionate love on a chest of drawers and the bed, surrounded by gruesome crime scene photos. The next morning, Illeana awakes to find herself partly covered in Costa\'s blood. At first, she fears he is dead, but then he awakes and they discover he had merely popped the stitches in his arm that he needed following the accident. As Costa has his stitches re-sewn in the hospital, Illeana is called down to the morgue as Mrs. Asher has come to identify the body presumed to be her son. The body turns out not to be her son\'s; Martin is still alive somewhere. An irritated Mrs. Asher leaves the morgue and gets into the elevator, but before Illeana can follow her in, the doors shut. When they finally open, Illeana sees James covered in blood, standing over a dead Mrs. Asher, realizing that Costa is Asher, and that Asher killed the actual Costa months ago. Horrified by the discovery that she had slept with a serial killer, Illeana almost faints as the police unsuccessfully try to prevent Asher from escaping the hospital. Illeana later returns to her motel room and frantically washes herself, in a state of manic disgust. An investigation shows that the man the real Asher had identified as Asher was really Christopher Hart , an art thief who did business with Asher, and whom Asher owed $80,000 to, but had nothing to do with the murders. The Montreal police chase Asher, but he escapes in a train station and disappears, and approaches his next victim, a traveling sports talent scout. After that, he calls Illeana on the phone and taunts her. Illeana admits to having consensual sex with Asher and although it was after the investigation had been presumed closed she is still, consequently fired from the FBI. "After carefully reviewing Special Agent Scott\'s record with the Bureau... The Office of Professional Responsibility has issued a letter of termination citing egregious lack of judgment and conduct unbecoming of a federal agent." Seven months later, Illeana is living in a desolate farmhouse by herself in rural Pennsylvania and looking heavily pregnant with Asher\'s twin boys. One day as she sits alone in her home, she discovers Asher has broken into her house. She frantically tries to escape, but Asher quickly overpowers her and then reveals he has found all the guns she had hidden throughout the house. Asher makes her tea and tells her they could start over and live together as a family, but a disgusted Illeana tells him she does not want to. That these are not his babies that she is carrying, they are \'James Costa\'s\' babies and that she does not even know who he is. In fury, Asher begins beating and choking her and eventually stabs her in her pregnant belly with a pair of scissors. Illeana, seemingly unharmed by the stabbing, shocks Asher by quickly stabbing him in the heart with the same scissors. As Asher lies dying, Illeana removes a prosthetic pregnant belly, and tells him the past seven months have been a carefully planned trap. The film ends with Illeana calling the police, saying "It\'s over," and staring out her window.'] ['Edward  is tired of the "allowance" granted him by his sister, Amanda  and becomes impatient for her death, and his inheritance. To hasten her demise, or at least stop her suicides from being thwarted, Edward hires a discredited ex-nurse, Esther  to watch over her. Esther is less than enthusiastic about killing the old woman, though, and is curious about the secrets held in the house, including a mysterious third sister, Nell.'] ['Martijn , a gifted Dutch jazz pianist, flies to Morocco to set up a food assistance program. When he arrives, however, he and his travel guide, Gavin  are quickly kidnapped by terrorists, taken to an undisclosed location, bound and blindfolded. The captors swiftly kill Gavin and then begin methodical attempts to extract information from Martijn about where he obtained the money to set up the program by cutting off his fingers one at a time. Martijn insists that he has no idea where the money came from, though in time it becomes clear that all is not what it seems. As the torture continues, Ahmat  tries his hardest to get answers from Martijn. Eventually, Martijn reveals to Ahmat that he was a terrorist and was poisoning food. Youseff, a man who had been filming Martijn, kills him. Ahmat is revealed to be a CIA agent, Gavin is revealed to be an American who had been with Ahmat the entire time. Ahmat and his girlfriend go for a drink, showing the Statue of Liberty revealing they had been in New York City the entire time.'] ['Phyllis Allenby is a young and beautiful woman who is soon to be married to lawyer and boyfriend Barry Lanfield. Phyllis is living at the Allenby Mansion without the protection of a male, along with her aunt Martha and her cousin Carol and the servant Hannah. As the wedding date approaches, London is shocked by a series of murders at the local park, where the victims are discovered with throats ripped out. Many of the detectives at Scotland Yard begin murmuring about werewolves, while Inspector Pierce believes the opposite and suspects strange activity at the Allenby Mansion , where the "Wolf-Woman" is seen prowling at night and heading for the park. Phyllis becomes extremely terrified and anxious, since he is convinced that she is the "Wolf-Woman", deeply believing in the legend of the so-called "Curse of the Allenbys". Aunt Martha tries to convince Phyllis how ridiculous the legend sounds, while she  and Carol are suspicious in their own ways. Phyllis each day denies of Barry visiting her, and when a suspicious detective is murdered soon after he visits the mansion in the same way the other victims perished, Barry begins believing that something else is beside the so-called "Werewolf murders" and makes his own investigations both to the park and to the mansion.'] ['The film opens, showing that Mya  is cheating on her husband Lewis  with a man named Ben . The lovers plan to escape from the city of Terminus on a train together that night, which is New Year\'s Eve. As Mya exits, Ben turns the TV on, showing a bizarre, psychedelic sequence of images. Mya begins to listen to a CD given to her by Ben, but is menaced by men who are acting strangely in a parking garage. When she reaches her apartment building, she finds people acting strangely as well. Unknown to Mya, the Signal, a static-like interference that is coming through the TV, radio and telephone amplifies each person\'s negative emotional traits, causing them to act irrationally and in most cases violently. Once inside her apartment, Lewis and two friends, Jerry and Rod  attempt to fix the TV, but Lewis, the first to react to the Signal, beats Jerry to death with a baseball bat over a minor argument. Mya escapes in panic, leaving Rod and Lewis in a struggle. After escaping, she finds the whole building in chaos with people killing each other. Mya hides out in the nearby apartment until morning. When she decides to leave and re-enter her home, she finds an unconscious Lewis, bound to a chair with duct-tape. He awakens only to see her leave him behind and exit into the hall listening to Ben\'s CD, but encounters Rod who drags her into a janitor\'s closet. He then tells her of the night he spent trying to survive in the apartment complex. It becomes evident that the Signal affects each person differently, and that there is the possibility that Rod is also crazy, though he seems to largely have control of his own judgement. Together, they escape, and attempt to drive to safety, but after being shot by a policewoman and almost left behind by Mya, Rod turns on the radio in anger, exposing himself to the Signal. He goes violently insane and attacks Mya, who crashes the car. Rod is incapacitated and trapped in the vehicle, and Mya flees, telling a passerby named Clark  that she is going to the train station to leave Terminus. The story turns to Ben, who finds the duct-taped Lewis and loosens his bonds. Lewis knocks Ben unconscious and puts his body in the back of a pest control van. At a nearby apartment, Anna  is setting up for a New Year party. The Signal has affected her so that her dutifulness as a homemaker is amplified, and despite having killed her crazed husband in self-defense, she has continued planning for the party as if nothing has happened. Clark, who is her neighbour and a conspiracy theory nut, soon arrives. The two begin attempting to figure out what is happening, and Clark also admits that he had decapitated Rod, who had attacked him after being freed from the car wreck. Eventually Lewis makes his way to the apartment, under the mistaken belief that Mya has been there because her car is crashed outside. At first, Lewis befriends Anna and Clark, and they convince themselves that none of them have been affected by the Signal, and that they have to band together in order to survive. Lewis, whose violent and paranoid tendencies are clearly amplified by the Signal, immediately kills Anna\'s niece, Laura , who arrives at the door seeking help. He dismisses the act as self-defense, but Clark convinces him not to attack the next arrival, Jim  who is apparently oblivious of the situation. While Anna hallucinates that Clark is her husband, Lewis hallucinates that Jim is Ben, taunting him. He beats Jim to death, then attacks Anna, spraying her with insecticide until she is blind. Once he realizes she knows nothing about Mya\'s whereabouts, Lewis forces her to ingest the poison, killing her. He then exposes Clark to the Signal in order to convince him to tell him where Mya had gone. Ben, having woken up and freed himself from Lewis\'s van, enters the apartment and attacks Lewis with the pesticide canister, knocking him out. Lewis wakes up and follows Ben and Clark. He attempts to kill them in a tool shed, but they fight him off and escape. After Ben convinces Clark that the Signal "is a lie", thus breaking its effect on him, Clark informs Ben where Mya was headed. Ben and Clark make a run through the now mostly-dead city and arrive at the train station. There, they find Mya tied to a chair, being forced to watch the Signal by Lewis, who attacks them and strangles Clark until he is unconscious. Ben then resorts to use Lewis\'s own paranoia against him, eventually tricking Lewis into believing that their roles are reversed, and that Lewis is the one man he hates most: Mya\'s "other man". Lewis punches a signal-broadcasting TV in a frustrated rage, electrocuting himself. The story ends ambiguously. A series of scenes showing Ben and Mya escaping with Clark, stocking up on supplies, then Ben and Mya going separate ways from Clark, suggesting they have succeeded. However we then see Mya still tied to the chair, seemingly lost due the prolonged exposure to the Signal. Ben places Mya\'s headphones on her and she closes her eyes, a tear rolling down her cheek, before the credits appear. Whether this is the final reality, or a flashback before Ben and Mya\'s escape from the city, is left for the viewer to decide.'] ['After a community activist , charged with the murder of two NYPD officers, one of them his ex-wife, is found not guilty due to legal technicalities, the arresting detective  takes the judge, jury, and defendant hostage, and decides to have a new trial, presenting evidence that was not previously allowed. His captain  tries to convince the detective to end his hostage taking peaceably.'] ["Dr. Richard Walker is a surgeon visiting Paris with his wife Sondra for a medical conference. At their hotel, she is unable to unlock her suitcase, and Walker determines that she has picked up the wrong one at the airport. While Walker is taking a shower, his wife mysteriously disappears from their hotel room. Still jet-lagged, he searches for her in the hotel with the help of a polite but mostly indifferent staff and then wanders outside to search himself. A vagrant overhears him in a café and says he saw Walker's wife being forced into a car. Walker is skeptical until he finds his wife's ID bracelet on the cobblestones. He contacts the Paris police and the US embassy, but their responses are bureaucratic and there is little hope anyone will look for her. As Walker carries on the search himself , he stumbles onto a murder scene and then encounters the streetwise young Michelle, who had mistakenly picked up his wife's suitcase at the airport. It transpires that Michelle is a career smuggler but does not know for whom she is working. She reluctantly helps Walker in his increasingly frantic attempt to learn what was in the switched suitcase and to trade whatever it is for the return of his wife. It turns out that hidden within a small replica of the Statue of Liberty is a krytron, a small electronic switch used in the detonators of nuclear devices. The film ends with a confrontation beside the River Seine where the terrorists release Walker's wife. However, a firefight ensues between the terrorists and Israeli agents. During the crossfire, the terrorists are killed but Michelle is also shot. Angry and upset, Walker throws the krytron into the river."] ["The film follows a young woman who goes to take up a new position working in a boy's boarding school. She soon begins to believe she is losing her mind when she starts being terrorized by a one-armed man."] ['The night of San Juan, Miguel murders his associate. Two elderly people are witness to the crime and predict that all of his dreams will come true thereafter. He will know the price he has to pay when he sees a black cat with a moon shaped mark on its forehead. Twenty-two years later a messenger begins to see all his dreams come true...'] ['Psychologist Dr. Sarah Taylor  is a guarded, aloof criminal psychologist who interviews a client who is a rapist, and is pleading NGRI. It is later revealed that she was the subject of daily rapes as a child by her estranged father who is shown to be very ill. Sarah meets Tony Ramirez  in a shopping mall, and she gives him her number, thus a relationship begins despite the advances of one of her neighbors. Days into the relationship Sarah begins to get death threats and strange gifts, such as dead flowers. As she gets more romantic with Tony, the gifts get more extreme. Her lifelong cat is killed, at which point Sarah goes to the police. Sarah then hires a detective and has Tony followed, only to find out something she least expected from her passionate lover.'] ["Trelkovsky , a quiet and unassuming man, rents an apartment in Paris whose previous tenant, Egyptologist Simone Choule, attempted to commit suicide by throwing herself out the window and through a pane of glass below. He visits Choule in the hospital but finds her entirely in bandages and unable to talk. Whilst still at Choule's bedside, Trelkovsky meets Simone's friend, Stella , who has also come to visit. Stella begins talking to Simone, who becomes aware of her visitors. Initially showing some signs of agitation upon seeing them, Choule soon lets out a disturbing cry, then dies. It isn't clear which of the two has caused this reaction. Apparently unaware that Choule is now dead, Trelkovsky tries to comfort Stella but dares not say that he never knew Simone, instead pretending to be another friend. They leave together and go out for a drink and a movie , where they fondle each other. Outside the theatre they part ways. As Trelkovsky occupies the apartment he is chastised unreasonably by his neighbors and landlord, Monsieur Zy , for hosting a party with his friends, apparently having a woman over, making too much noise in general, and not joining in on a petition against another neighbor. Trelkovsky attempts to adapt to his situation, but is increasingly disturbed by the apartment and its tenants. He frequently sees his neighbors standing motionless in the toilet room , and discovers a hole in the wall with a human tooth stashed inside. He receives a visit and a letter from one Georges Badar , who secretly loves Simone and has believed her to be alive and well. Trelkovsky updates and comforts the man and spends the night out with him. Gradually he changes his breakfast habits like Simone and shifts from Gauloises to Marlboro cigarettes. Trelkovsky becomes severely agitated and enraged when his apartment is robbed, while his neighbors and the concierge  continue to berate him for making too much noise. He becomes hostile and paranoid in his day-to-day environment  and his mental state progressively deteriorates. He buys a wig and woman's shoes and goes on to dress up  and sit still in his apartment in the dead of night. He suspects that Zy and neighbors are trying to subtly change him into the last tenant, Simone, so that he too will kill himself. He has visions of his neighbors playing football with a human head, sees himself staring out of his own window and finds the toilet covered in hieroglyphs. Trelkovsky runs off to Stella for comfort and sleeps over, but in the morning after she has left for work, he concludes that she too is in on his neighbors' plot, and proceeds to wreak havoc in her apartment before departing. At night he is hit by an elderly couple driving a car. He is not wounded too seriously, but receives a sedative injection from the doctor due to his odd behavior—he perceives the elderly couple as landlord Zy and wife—after which the couple returns him to his apartment. A deranged Trelkovsky dresses up again as a woman and throws himself out the apartment window in the manner of Simone Choule, before what he believes to be a clapping, cheering audience composed of his neighbors. The suicide attempt, in fact, wakes up his neighbors, who arrive at the scene together with the police just in time for Trelkovsky to crawl up to his apartment and jump one more time. The end of the movie is enigmatic. Trelkovsky is bandaged up in the same fashion as Simone Choule in the same hospital bed, but we see his and Stella's own visit to Simone. Trelkovsky then lets out the same disturbing cry that Simone had screamed."] ['A group of children are playing an elimination game in the courtyard of an apartment building in BerlinWhile the location is never mentioned in the film, the dialect used by the characters is characteristic of Berliners, and a police inspector\'s map labeled "Berlin" and a policeman\'s order to take a suspect to the "Alex", Berlin\'s central police headquarters on the Alexanderplatz, make the venue clear. using a chant about a child murderer. A woman  sets the table for dinner, waiting for her daughter to come home from school. A wanted poster in the street describes a serial killer preying on children, as anxious parents wait outside a school. Little Elsie Beckmann  leaves school, bouncing a ball on her way home. She is approached by Hans Beckert , who is whistling "In the Hall of the Mountain King" by Edvard Grieg. He offers to buy her a balloon from a blind man. He walks and talks with her. Elsie\'s place at the dinner table remains empty, her ball is shown rolling away across a patch of grass, and her balloon is lost in the telephone lines overhead. In the wake of Elsie\'s death, Beckert sends an angry letter about his crimes to the newspapers, giving the police new clues using the new state of the art techniques of fingerprinting and handwriting analysis. Under increasing pressure from city leaders, the police work around the clock, harrying the criminal underworld without obtaining any solid leads. Inspector Karl Lohmann , instructs his men to intensify their search and to check the records of recently released psychiatric patients to look for those with a history of violence against children. They stage frequent raids to question known criminals, affecting underworld business so badly that Der Schränker  calls a meeting of the city\'s crime bosses. They decide to organize their own manhunt, using beggars to watch and guard the children. The police discover two clues corresponding to the killer\'s letter in Beckert\'s rented rooms. They wait there to arrest him. Beckert sees a young girl in the reflection of a shop window. Following her, he is thwarted when the girl meets her mother. When he encounters another young girl, he succeeds in befriending her, but his whistling is recognized by the blind balloon vendor. The blind man alerts one of his friends, who tails the killer with assistance from other beggars he alerts along the way. Afraid of losing him, one young man chalks a large M  on his hand, pretends to trip and bumps into Beckert, marking his upper back with it. The beggars close in. When Beckert finally realizes he is being followed, he hides inside a large office building just before the workers leave for the evening. The beggars call Der Schränker, and a team of criminals arrive. They tie up and torture a guard for information, capture the remaining watchmen, then systematically search the building from coal cellar to attic, finally capturing Beckert. When one of the watchmen trips the silent alarm, the crooks narrowly escape with their prisoner before the police arrive. One, however, is captured and eventually tricked into revealing the purpose of the break-in  and where Beckert would be taken. The criminals drag Beckert to an abandoned distillery to face a kangaroo court. He finds a large, silent crowd awaiting him. Beckert is given a "lawyer", who gamely argues in his defense but fails to win any sympathy from the "jury". Beckert delivers an impassioned monologue, saying that his urges compel him to commit the crimes which he later regrets, while other criminals present break the law by choice. His "lawyer" points out that the presiding "judge" is himself wanted on three counts of murder. Beckert pleads to be handed over to the police, asking, "Who knows what it\'s like to be me?" Just as the enraged mob are about to kill him, the police arrive. Five judges prepare to pass judgment on Beckert. Before the sentence is announced, the shot cuts to three of the victims\' mothers crying. Elsie\'s mother says that no sentence would bring back the dead children, and that "One has to keep closer watch over the children." The screen goes black as she adds, "All of you."Garnham, Nicholas. M: a film by Fritz Lang. New York: Simon and Schulster. 1968. SBN 68-27589. pp. 15-108.'] ['Richard Hammond, an aggressive and ambitious inventor is blinded in an accident.The Times, The Gaiety That Was Greece, 21 November 1960 He becomes convinced that he is going mad, but it soon becomes apparent this is a deliberate attempt by someone else.'] ['Patrick Bateman is a wealthy investment banker living in Manhattan in the late-1980s. His life revolves around dining at trendy restaurants while keeping up appearances for his fiancée, Evelyn, and his circle of equally wealthy, shallow friends, most of whom dislike him. However, he also leads a secret life in which he commits rape, torture, and murder. Throughout the film, Bateman describes the material accouterments of his lifestyle: his daily morning exercise and beautification routine; his music collection, including artists such as Huey Lewis and the News and Whitney Houston; his taste for expensive designer clothes; and the lavish couture of his apartment. In one scene, Bateman and his associates flaunt their business cards in a display of utter vanity. After becoming captivated by Paul Allen\'s card, he murders a homeless man and his dog in an alleyway in a fit of frustrated rage. At a Christmas party, Bateman makes plans to have dinner with Paul, who had earlier mistaken him for a comparable associate named Marcus. Bateman gets Paul drunk and lures him back to his apartment. While playing "Hip to Be Square", Bateman ambushes Paul and murders him with an axe. Bateman disposes of Paul\'s body, then goes to his apartment to stage it so that others believe Paul has run off to London. After Paul\'s family becomes suspicious of his disappearance, Bateman is met by Donald Kimball, a detective searching for the truth regarding his whereabouts. Bateman then has a violent threesome with two prostitutes, whom he names "Christie" and "Sabrina". The two women leave his apartment bruised and bloodied. The next day, his colleague Luis Carruthers reveals his new business card, sending Bateman over the edge. Bateman tries to kill Luis in the restroom of an expensive restaurant, but cannot bring himself to strangle him. Luis mistakes the attempted murder for a sexual advance and declares his love for Bateman, who flees in a panic. After murdering a model, Bateman invites his secretary, Jean, to dinner, suggesting she meet him at his apartment for drinks beforehand. When Jean arrives, Bateman, unbeknownst to Jean, holds a nail gun to the back of her head while the two converse. However, upon receiving an answering machine message from his fiancée, he decides not to kill Jean and asks her to leave before she gets "hurt". Following another luncheon with Kimball, Patrick has a threesome with his old friend Elizabeth and Christie at Paul\'s apartment. While having sex, Christie realizes that Bateman has murdered Elizabeth and tries to flee. While attempting to escape, she discovers multiple female corpses and words such as "Die Yuppie Scum" scrawled on the walls in blood. Bateman then murders her with a chainsaw by dropping it down a flight of stairs onto her as she attempts to run. A few months later, Bateman abruptly breaks off his engagement with Evelyn. That night, he finds a kitten as he uses an ATM, then imagines that the display reads "Feed me a stray cat". Bateman is stopped by a woman, whom he murders instead. A police chase ensues, but Bateman destroys the police cars by shooting their gas tanks, causing explosions that kill the pursuing officers. He then attempts to flee to his office, but he accidentally enters the wrong office building, murdering a security guard and a janitor in the process. Upon reaching his office he calls his lawyer, Harold, and leaves a lengthy answering machine message, confessing most of his murders in-detail. The following morning, Bateman visits Paul\'s apartment, finding it completely vacant and being offered for sale. The real estate broker views him as an intruder and tells him to leave immediately. As Bateman goes to meet with his colleagues and lawyer, Jean finds detailed drawings of murder and rape in Bateman\'s office journal. At the same time, Bateman sees Harold at a restaurant with his friends, and tries to convince him that he is Patrick Bateman and a serial killer. However, Harold mistakes him for another colleague named Davis and laughs off the confession as a joke. He also denies that Paul was murdered, claiming to have had dinner with him in London only 10 days before. Bateman realizes that he will continue to escape the punishment he deserves. He laments that there has been no catharsis and that he still remains a mystery to himself. Although he regrets that nothing has been gained, he still wants his pain to be inflicted on others. He finishes his inner monologue by stating, "This confession has meant nothing."'] ['The film is set in the fictional southern town of Brixton, Georgia, where young widow Annie Wilson , the mother of three young boys, is the resident "fortune-teller." The town is abuzz with the disappearance of Jessica King , the fiancée of Wayne Collins , the school\'s principal. As the search for Jessica begins, the local police and Jessica\'s father Kenneth King  enlist Annie\'s help to see if she can come up with a possible answer. Annie is unable to produce a vision, largely due to the presence of Pearl Johnson , the local sheriff who looks upon Annie\'s trade unfavorably. Annie later receives a vision that Jessica has been killed and her body weighed down by a chain and thrown into a pond. She also sees a fiddle player in the vision, white lilies and a split-rail fence. She returns to Johnson with her findings, and with the information, Johnson decides to search a pond at the home of Donnie Barksdale , a violent alcoholic. Barksdale\'s battered wife, Valerie , gives her permission for the search as Donnie is away fishing. Donnie returns while the search is proceeding. As the police are ready to give up on the search they find the nude and chained body of Jessica King. Donnie is immediately arrested. During his trial for Jessica\'s murder, it is revealed that Jessica and Barksdale had an affair, and Jessica\'s reputation for promiscuity is exposed in open court. The case against Barksdale is strengthened when a scratch on his forearm is proven to have been perpetrated by Jessica during a confrontation at a local bar. Annie also takes the stand, and though her psychic testimony is ridiculed by defense attorney Gerald Weems , Donnie is eventually convicted and sent to prison. A subplot reveals other examples of Annie\'s "gift". Buddy Cole  harbors an intense hatred for his father, and consistently has fits of seemingly unprovoked rage, including incidents with Annie and with Donnie Barksdale. Buddy tries to explain to Annie why he hates his father but Annie is preoccupied and doesn\'t want to listen to the panicky and vulgar Buddy. He asks "If I look into a blue diamond, will I die?" but doesn\'t elaborate. Unable to understand the question, Annie shrugs Buddy off. Soon after, Buddy\'s hysterical mother calls Annie to come to the house as Buddy has snapped and has his father bound to a chair. Buddy sets fire to his father, and as Annie tries to stop him, he shows her a blue diamond tattoo on his father\'s navel. It is revealed that Buddy\'s father took advantage of his son\'s fragile mental state to force him into fellatio. An ambulance takes Buddy\'s father away, while Buddy is taken to a mental hospital. Later, Annie receives another vision saying that Donnie is innocent. She asks District Attorney David Duncan  to reopen the case. Duncan refuses, but Annie counters that she will reveal Duncan\'s own involvement with Jessica King, as Annie had caught them making out in the women\'s toilet while at a local dance. Duncan offers her money to keep quiet, but Annie refuses, still wanting justice for Barksdale. Annie tells Principal Collins that Barksdale is not responsible for his fiancée\'s death and that DA Duncan will not reopen the investigation. After driving out to the pond that night with Collins, Annie realizes that Collins is the murderer. He confesses to Annie that he was angry after he discovered that she was cheating on him. Collins attempts to kill Annie, knowing that she\'ll go to the police. Just as he is about to land a fatal blow with a steel flashlight, Buddy Cole shows up and knocks Collins out. Sitting in the car at the pond, Buddy, uncharacteristically calm, returns a handkerchief that Annie had lent him earlier, and tells her that she is the heart and soul of the town and for her not to stop doing what she\'s doing. The two drive to the police station with Collins stowed in the trunk. Annie tells Buddy that he will have to return to the mental hospital, and he waits in the car while she goes inside to talk with Sheriff Johnson. When she goes out with the police to retrieve Collins from the trunk, Buddy has disappeared. When Annie explains to Johnson what happened at the pond, he informs her that Buddy Cole hanged himself at the mental hospital earlier that day. However, Annie still has her handkerchief that Buddy returned to her.'] ['{{plot}} On a country road, Hideki tells his driver wife that he needs to use a payphone. While his wife chats happily with their five-year-old daughter Nana in the car, he\'s fiddling with his laptop in the phone booth when a newspaper page flutters near him. He notices a photo on the front page. It\'s Nana, their daughter. Intrigued, he reads the article that says his daughter was killed at 8PM. He glances at his wristwatch. It\'s almost 8PM. He looks at his car. His wife climbs out of the car, calling out that she couldn\'t unlock their daughter\'s seat belt. As his wife takes another step towards him, a truck smashes into the car behind her. While the emergency employees and police swarm around the accident site, Hideki looks around for the newspaper page as his wife, Ayaka, tearfully tries to stop him. Three years later: Ayaka meets a psychic to learn more about "the Newspaper of Terror". The psychic shows fear and hesitation before admitting a lawyer had contacted her about the newspaper, but disappeared shortly after. After the interview, Ayaka receives a phone call from the psychic, who warns her that Ayaka can no longer escape "it". She rushes to the psychic\'s house, and finds a library of journals and photos of the foreshadowing newspapers. Ayaka searches the house, and finds the psychic face-down, surrounded by more polaroids with one gripped in her hand. Ayaka tries to shake her awake and realised she\'s dead. She pries the photo from the dead woman\'s hand and stares in shock. She calls Hideki, whom she divorced a couple years before, to meet with him, but he refuses as he believes she\'ll call him insane again. As Hideki hangs up, a newspaper page slaps against his window. The article reveals that one of his students will be the latest victim of a serial killing that has been plaguing the city. Hideki rushes to save his student, but he\'s too late. Hideki meets Ayaka the next morning, and they agree to team up to investigate the Newspaper of Terror. Hideki admits he\'s been receiving premonitions, which increasingly frightens him. Ayaka takes Hideki to the house of Rei Kigata, whom she heard has been researching the Newspaper of Terror. When they arrive at the house, they find it abandoned with dust everywhere. In one room, they find a large stone water basin with shreds of paper on the floor. Some paper walls are written or partly burnt. They find and watch videotapes Kigata used to record his paranormal experiences. In the first video, made 12 years before, Kigata states that he "received" a message about a family dying in a gas explosion, which prompted him to warn the family. Newspapers next day didn\'t mention an explosion. Kigata then wonders the strange grey marks on his arms were the price for changing the future. He\'ll continue to record what happens to him. In the last video, marked "number 32", Kigata, covered entirely in dark grey, simply waves despondently at the camera, and wanders out of the room. Hideki and Ayaka leave the room in Kigata\'s direction and in the next room, they find a figure-shaped ash shadow across a wall and floor. As his premonitions become more frequent, Hideki wonders if he should warn the potential victims. Ayaka begs him not to as she doesn\'t want him to suffer Kigata\'s fate. She admits the truth to why she researched the Newspaper of Terror. They affirm their feelings for each other, and agree to continue investigating. At end of her working day, Ayaka\'s car refuses to start, which prompts her to take a train with her colleague Misato. As she leaves the car, she doesn\'t realise she\'s left her mobile phone on passenger seat. At the apartment, Hideki receives another newspaper front page, revealing a train derailment that will take 100 lives, and Ayaka is among the dead. Hideki calls her cell, which goes unanswered. He rushes to the train station and yanks Ayaka out of the train before the doors close. He hasn\'t the time to reach for Misato and he couldn\'t stop the train either. Hideki and Ayaka watches in despair as the train derails. At Misato\'s funeral, her mother mentions her daughter\'s face was torn off during the accident. Hideki and Ayaka decide to move in together. While packing, she notices dark grey marks on Hideki\'s arm. While sleeping, Hideki is haunted by the ghosts of people killed in accidents as predicted by the Newspaper of Terror. Soon he faces his worst nightmare: reliving the event that ends with his daughter Nana\'s death. His desperate desire to save Nana has him trying to manipulate the accident repeatedly until he figures out a way. He successfully unlocks Nana\'s seatbelt and pushes her out to Ayaka, and stays in Nana\'s place as a runaway truck hits the car. With Nana lying in daze nearby, Ayaka screams at the burning car with her husband stuck inside. Nana glances up as a newspaper page floats through the air. As it lands on the ground, we see a photo of Hideki on the front page.'] ["Lukas ([[Mark Webber  is a young man who works as a tollbooth operator. He does not have much of a social life and spends much of his free time visiting his catatonic mother in the hospital. One day, one of the tollbooth customers tosses him a copy of Hitler's Mein Kampf, and Lukas starts reading it. While he is reading the book, a Holocaust survivor  drives by, and angrily berates Lukas for his choice of reading material. Lukas makes little of it at the time, but the next day the old man comes back and gives him a videotape containing his testimony from the concentration camps. Watching the tape, Lukas becomes captivated, not less so when he spots the old man's obituary in the newspaper shortly after.  He decides to get a job working for the organisation that makes the interview tapes with the survivors. At the same time, while visiting his mother, he meets the medical student Mira , whose father  is also a camp survivor. At this point, Lukas's behaviour becomes more and more obsessive. He hoards interview tapes, watching several simultaneously on different television sets. He plasters his wall with pictures from the camp, and buys lottery tickets based on the interviewees identification numbers from the camps. Eventually he persuades Mira's father to record an interview, but the burden of recalling the memories is too much for the old man, who kills himself shortly afterwards. Mira blames Lukas for her father's death, but Lukas is undeterred in his pursuit to document the memories of the survivors. Eventually, his erratic behaviour gets him fired, both from his tollbooth job and from his work with the Holocaust foundation. Gradually he comes to believe that he himself is the last Holocausts survivor. He shaves his head and gets an identification number tattooed on his arm. He deliberately picks a fight with a group of neo-Nazi skinheads, and gets beaten up. It also becomes clear that the old woman in the hospital is not Lukas's mother at all, revealing his obsessive commitment to the suffering of other people. As the movie ends, he is seen putting on a suit reminiscent of the uniforms worn by concentration camp prisoners, and he embarks on what he describes as a death march."] ["The didactic film is built around the ideas of French physician, writer and philosopher Henri Laborit, who plays himself in the film. It uses the stories of three people to illustrate Laborit's theories on evolutionary psychology regarding the relationship of self and society. René  leaves the family farm to become an executive at a French textile firm. Janine  leaves her proletarian family behind to become an actress who becomes involved with Jean , a well-educated bourgeois writer/politician. All three characters face difficult choices in life-changing situations that are designed to illuminate Laborit's ideas."] ["A couple, Australian naval officer John Ingram  and his wife Rae , lose their son in a car crash. John hopes that some time alone will help Rae, who was driving the car, cope, and the couple head out for a vacation alone on their yacht. In the middle of the Pacific they encounter a drifting boat that seems to be taking on water. A man, Hughie Warriner , rows over to the Ingram's boat for help. He claims that the boat is sinking and that his companions have all died of food poisoning. Suspicious of Hughie's story, John rows over to the other ship, leaving Rae alone with Hughie. Inside, John discovers the mangled corpses of the other passengers and video footage indicating that Hughie may have murdered them in a fit of insanity. John rushes back to his own boat but is too late as Hughie awakes, knocks out Rae and sails their yacht away, leaving John behind. As John attempts to repair Hughie's ship from sinking and catch up with them, Rae awakens and tries to convince Hughie to go back for her husband. Hughie denies her request and keeps on sailing, alternating between kindness and bouts of rage as he attempts to charm Rae despite her insistence on turning the boat around. John manages to get through to his wife on the radio, but the water damage makes him unable to reply save for clicks on his receiver. He can only respond to her suggestions. John assures her that he is following close by. Rae tries to stall the yacht by turning off the engine and tossing the keys overboard. Her dog jumps in to retrieve the keys and bring them back as he did with his fetch ball. Hughie starts the yacht back up and persuades Rae to be friends with him. Rae accepts to build back his trust. After a while Rae goes back to contact John. She soon learns that the damage to Hughie's boat is too far gone and will sink in the next several hours. With John unable to come to her rescue, Rae realizes that she alone must act and save her husband. Before she has a chance to assure him the wreckage cuts John off from Rae and the radio shorts out. Unable to get a response from him Rae has an emotional breakdown. Hughie comes down finding Rae in tears. He moves in closer hoping to soothe her. Desperate to gain control of the boat, Rae devises a plan to take advantage of his desire for her. She seduces Hughie on the floor and then stalls their foreplay by telling him that she has to go use the bathroom. In reality, Rae heads up on deck to assemble the shotgun. Impatient, Hughie gets up to look for her. However, just before Rae has a chance to load the shotgun her dog shows up and begins to bark drawing Hughie's attention to her whereabouts. In a panic Rae leaves the gun behind and grabs nearby cigarettes as an excuse to be on deck telling Hughie they are for later. She then proceeds to kiss Hughie and take him to bed with her as a means of luring him away from the deck. The dog later shows up in the bedroom watching as Hughie moves on top of Rae. She quickly makes an excuse to take the dog back on deck so she could finish loading the gun, but Hughie successfully orders the dog to leave before Rae has the chance to get out of bed. Unable to think of a way out of her predicament, Rae gives in to Hughie's advances and the two have sex. Afterwards, she sits on her bed feeling guilty and pushes forward with another plan to bring him down. She fixes them some lemonade, putting a heavy dose of her prescription sedatives into his drink. As a fierce storm comes on, Rae and Hughie come to blows, with Rae eventually shooting Hughie with a harpoon gun and knocking him unconscious. She then sets Hughie adrift in the boat's life raft and sails back to rescue John. Meanwhile, the damage and the storm have caused the other boat to sink almost completely. John swims out of the boat and sets the debris on fire, attracting the attention of Rae, who rescues him from a piece of floating debris. After John's rescue the couple find the life raft and Rae shoots it with a flare, setting it on fire. The next day they are relaxing on deck when John takes a break from washing Rae's hair to prepare breakfast for her. Her eyes closed, Rae feels a pair of hands begin massaging her scalp and assumes it is John, but when she opens her eyes she sees a bloody Hughie, who tries to strangle her. While Rae struggles, John arrives from below deck. Seeing her being attacked, he shoots Hughie in the mouth with a flare, killing him."] [' Father Michael Logan  is a devout Catholic priest in a church in Quebec City. To take care of the church and the rectory, Father Logan employs a caretaker, Otto Keller , and a housekeeper, Otto\'s wife Alma , who are German immigrants with very little money, although in their homeland they were more affluent. Otto Keller also works part-time as a gardener for a few householders in Quebec City. Very late one evening Keller asks if Father Logan will hear his confession. In the confessional, Keller confesses that he went to try to steal money from a person he gardens for, a rich lawyer called Villette, and in the process he killed him. Because of the binding nature of the secrecy of the confessional, Father Logan cannot tell the police anything he now knows about this crime. At the time of the murder, two young girls saw someone leaving the house of the murdered man wearing a cassock. While this was just Otto\'s disguise, suspicion falls upon Father Logan himself . It gradually becomes apparent that Logan, in his early life before he became a priest, had a girlfriend, Ruth , who has always loved him and still does, even though she is now married to someone else. In flashbacks it is shown that Logan stopped writing to Ruth not long after he went off to war. After he came back, Ruth and Logan ended up stranded on an island during a storm, and were forced to shelter for the night in a gazebo. In the morning Villette finds them there, makes offensive comments about Ruth, and is punched by Logan. It turns out that Ruth had married a prominent politician without ever telling Logan, who leaves her and does not see her for years. But Ruth is being blackmailed by Villette. Both her and her husband\'s lives would be ruined if her previous relationship with Logan were made public, and so she had met with Logan on the night of the murder to ask him for advice about the blackmail situation.  Villette\'s death comes as a relief to Ruth, and she tells the police about her meeting with Father Logan in order to provide him an alibi, but the meeting did not correspond exactly to the time of the murder and in fact suggests a possible motive. The police then assume that Father Logan killed the blackmailer Villette to protect Ruth and himself, and that there is an ongoing scandalous relationship between the two of them. The situation is made worse by Otto Keller, who lies extensively to the police in order to try to ensure that he himself is safe from suspicion and thus in effect is attempting to ensure that Father Logan is convicted of the murder. Father Logan comes very close to being found guilty and executed for a crime he did not commit, a sort of martyrdom. At the end of his trial, he is just barely found "not guilty", but his reputation as a priest is ruined, and the people of Quebec City gather on the courthouse steps to revile him. Otto\'s wife cannot bear to see this, and starts to shout out that it was her husband who killed the man, but Otto pulls out a gun and shoots his wife in order to silence her. Running away, Otto is cornered by the police in the grand ballroom of the Château Frontenac. The detective who investigated the story is unable to elicit any comment from Father Logan, and so suspects that Otto is in fact Villette\'s murderer, and asks him so. Otto then assumes that Father Logan has broke the secret of his confession. Otto declares his guilt and tries to shoot Father Logan, who bravely attempts to approach him and reason with him. Instead, Otto himself is fatally wounded by a police sharpshooter. In extremis Otto calls out to Father Logan to forgive him, and receives absolution. Subtle visual references to Christ, the cross, and the crucifix occur frequently throughout the movie. The soundtrack uses the melody from the Gregorian Chant "Dies Irae" throughout. Alfred Hitchcock\'s cameo is a signature occurrence in most of his films. In I Confess he can be seen right after the opening credits walking across the top of a steep stairway.'] ['Motorist Jane Lindstrom has a blowout and seeks assistance at an estate owned by Caligari, a very polite man with a German accent. After spending the night she finds that Caligari will not let her leave; he proceeds to ask some personal questions and shows her disgusting pictures. Prevented by guards from leaving, and unable to telephone, Jane seeks allies among the other guests but finds only three possible candidates: the older Paul, the younger Mark , and a lively elderly woman named Ruth. After seeing Ruth tortured, Jane goes to Paul who convinces her to confront Caligari. Jane does so and tries to seduce him, as she suspects he has been spying on her in the bath. After that fails, Caligari reveals that he and Paul and are one and the same person and Jane runs down a corridor of wildly shifting imagery that acts as a transition. Finally it is revealed that Jane is a mental patient and everything the audience has seen up to this point has been her distortion of the institute she was in: the personal questions were psychoanalysis, the disgusting pictures were Rorschach cards, Ruth\'s torture was shock treatment, and even Caligari\'s coat of arms was a distorted version of the medical caduceus symbol. Cured, Jane is taken from the asylum by Mark, now revealed to be her son; and then we see Jane\'s face. She now has many wrinkles implying that she is far older than the smooth-skinned woman we have seen through most of the film. A sample of dialog regarding sexual intercourse from the film was later sampled by Nine Inch Nails on their cover of "Get Down, Make Love" by Queen.'] ["Billy , an FX make up artist who does not have the physical ability to speak, is in Moscow working on a low budget slasher film directed by her sister's boyfriend Andy . On one particular night Billy returns to the set to fetch a piece of equipment for the next day's shoot when she is accidentally locked in the studio. Being unable to speak but having the ability to communicate with her sister Karen , Billy makes several telephone calls but is interrupted when she discovers a small film crew working after hours to shoot a cheap porno film. Watching unseen Billy is amused until the performed sex becomes sadistic. When a masked actor pulls out a knife and stabs the actress , Billy reacts and is discovered. She flees pursued by the homicidal film crew. Billy narrowly escapes and manages to tell her story to her sister and the Police, however the snuff film crew manages to convince the authorities that the onscreen 'murder' was a cinematic special effect. The events however bring forward Larsen , an undercover detective who is tracking the activities of the covert film crew and their connection to a shadowy criminal mastermind called The Reaper. The Reaper  is a financier of an international underground snuff ring. He tells the criminal film crew that Billy is a witness and must be eliminated thus motivating the snuff film director, his thug assistant and a host of subsidiary criminals to retrieve a missing computer disc from her and dispatch her. As more and more factions get involved in killing and saving Billy the action become wild and fantastic and hard to discern what's real from movie magic."] ['American single mother Ann Lake  has just come to England from the United States with her 4-year-old daughter Felicia, whom she has nicknamed Bunny, to settle in London with her journalist brother Stephen . After the first morning at Bunny\'s new school, The Little People\'s Garden, Ann comes to fetch her, but Bunny is not there and nobody can remember even having seen her. Police Superintendent Newhouse  faces an array of suspects in Bunny\'s disappearance, including Ann\'s landlord, aging writer and broadcaster Horatio Wilson , who lets himself into the Lakes\' new apartment as he pleases and is a whip-loving sadomasochist. Retired teacher Ada Ford  lives on the school\'s top floor and collects recordings of children\'s nightmares. Ada tells Newhouse she thinks there is something "very unusual" about Ann\'s brother Stephen. Stephen acts aggressively towards Newhouse, threatening to create a public scandal through his resources as a reporter unless the police quickly find Bunny. Ann and Stephen then tell the police that the girl\'s passport and all of her belongings have vanished that same day in a mysterious burglary. The school authorities in turn report that they had never received a tuition check for a Bunny Lake. When Stephen lets slip that as a young girl Ann had an imaginary friend she called Bunny, Newhouse begins to wonder whether Bunny Lake ever really existed. At her wits\' end from not being believed, Ann suddenly recalls that before Bunny\'s disappearance, the girl\'s doll had been taken in for repair. She sets off across nighttime London to try to get it back: The police will have to believe her if she can show them that. In the film\'s surprise denouement, Stephen has followed Ann to the "doll hospital." Seeming less-than-pleased that she has found the doll, he sets it afire while she\'s upstairs paying the repairman; in the light from the flames, his face takes on a mad look. Ann is shocked when she comes down and sees what he has done, but he immediately strikes her, knocking her out. He checks her into a hospital, claiming she hit her head at home, but she manages to escape. She finds him retrieving a drugged Bunny from the boot of his car, where he has evidently kept her all day. He clearly intends to murder the child. When Newhouse continues to investigate and finds no record of Bunny on the passenger list on the day Stephen said they arrived, he suddenly remembers that Ann had mentioned another date and Stephen had corrected her. He asks for records for the date Ann gave. Meanwhile, realizing that Stephen is insane, Ann tries to distract and reassure her brother, calling him "Stevie" and playing ever more frantic games from their childhood. Their dialogue hints at the film\'s earlier suggestions of incestuous feelings between them.Orr, John, Otto Preminger and the End of Classical Cinema, sensesofcinema.com, 2006, retrieved 24 July 2008Thompson, Natahniel, Bunny Lake is Missing on DVD, tcm.com, retrieved 24 July 2008 Steven deeply resented Bunny\'s father, Ann\'s former boyfriend , and Bunny\'s existence reminds him of having "lost" his sister in this way. In a last-ditch effort to keep him away from Bunny, Ann makes Stephen push her higher and higher on a swing, and finally Newhouse and other policemen arrive and take Stephen into custody. He watches as Ann carries Bunny safely away. Ann\'s endless day is over.'] ["Julie  and her boyfriend, Nick , are celebrating Julie's 24th birthday with their friends Trevor  and Amanda . Julie and Nick start to discuss their future when Nick is called in to work, urgently. He has to go to the meeting because he is up against co-worker Dave ([[David Lewis  for a promotion. As the four friends drive back to the city there's an accident with a semi-truck. Of the four friends, Nick is the only survivor. Later, when looking at a photograph of himself and Julie, everything in the room begins to shudder and shake, while the people in the photograph begin moving. One year later, Nick suffers a blinding headache and nosebleed at work, while presenting an important sales pitch to investors. As a result he is given a week's suspension. Back home, Nick looks at photographs from Julie's birthday and somehow manages to transport himself back to the moment just before the fatal accident. This time, he knows how to avoid the accident and he awakens in a new timeline where Julie is living happily with him. However, in this reality, Nick's life is ruined when he is fired for backing up his friend and now work colleague Trevor. Later, Nick sees a Christmas photograph of him, his friends and work colleagues, and realizes that this was the point at which a crucial deal was made, resulting in Dave's promotion. Nick decides to try to alter this in his favor, so he concentrates on the photo in order to trigger another episode. Sure enough, he finds himself at the party. In this reality, Nick is the vice-president of the company, but he and Julie have split up and he is living the bachelor lifestyle. Also, Trevor and Nick end up on the wrong side of a shady investor, and the company is broke. Nick confesses everything to his mother, who tells him that he can't 'control everything'. She says his father also tried to control things and ultimately committed suicide. Nick transports himself to the scene from the start of the movie, hoping to finally fix everything by breaking up with Julie. However, he didn't bank on how upset she would be - and she confesses to being pregnant and speeds away in his car. Fearing a similar accident as the original, Nick speeds after her, but ends up facing an oncoming vehicle himself. He opts to save Julie rather than himself and drives off the cliff. One year later, Julie lives in New York with her son, Nick Jr., who has the same affliction as his father, since his environment becomes unstable while looking at a photograph of his parents and their friends."] ["During the winter of 1846, a group of ill-fated pioneers, known as the Donner Party, were on their way to California through a newly discovered mountain pass. They encountered the worst blizzard ever recorded, trapping them with little food or shelter. The story begins in 2008 as six friends arrive at an isolated cabin to enjoy a long weekend in the snow. An epic snowstorm interrupts their vacation, trapping them on the mountain and resurrecting the haunting ghosts of the Donner Party. They struggle to find out whether these are the true demonic 'entities' or if it is simply 'cabin fever' that is bringing out their fears and paranoia, causing friends to turn against each other as their reality deteriorates around them."] ["{{Plot|datePrologueThursdayMondaySaturdayTuesdayFridaySundayWednesdayEpilogue The movie ends with Linda back home asleep on a mattress with no sheets, her daughters run in and tell her that the moving truck has arrived. Linda kisses her daughters and comments with a smile that her daughter's scars from the accident are healing well. The girls then leave the room and do not close the door. Linda moves to sit on the edge of the bed when suddenly Father Kennedy's voice runs through her head, saying that every day we’re alive can be a miracle. She smiles slightly, and gets up slowly, exposing a pregnant belly. The alternate ending shows Linda getting up exactly as she does before. All of a sudden, she hears the shower running. She walks slowly to the bathroom, pulls open the shower curtain and the screen goes black."] ['Dot  is a young, orphaned, deaf and mute teenager. After the death of her also deaf father, she is sent to live with her godparents and their daughter Nina , with whom she used to be close friends. However, she soon learns the secrets her new family withhold from the rest of the world as well as from one another. Nina constantly insults Dot every chance she gets, unhinged by her arrival. Dot blames herself for her father\'s death in a car accident, believing that if she had been with him, she could have warned him of the oncoming danger. Soon after arriving, Dot discovers an incestuous relationship between Nina and her father, Paul . Paul invited Dot to stay in an attempt to control himself, wishing he could end the sexual relationship between him and his daughter. He tries to tell his wife Olivia  about his relationship with Nina, but is unable to bring himself to say it. {{quote box}} After discovering that Dot is neither deaf nor mute, Nina pretends that she doesn\'t know the truth. For reasons of her own, Nina still pretends that Dot cannot tell anyone, and confides in Dot her plan to murder her father. Dot becomes aware of everything Nina and Paul do behind closed doors and even tries to help Nina avoid Paul\'s advances. Dot is assigned to be lab partners with Connor , a star basketball player. Their partnership arouses jealousy in Michelle , Nina\'s loudmouthed best friend, who likes Connor. Connor is able to communicate well with Dot by lip-reading in order to work on their report, knowing that with a disability of his own  he needs to improve his grades to receive a basketball scholarship. He also becomes very attracted to Dot and confides to her about personal things in his life, believing she is unable to hear him. After confiding that he is a virgin, Dot undresses for him and he has sex with her. Before the "Spring Fling" dance, Nina tells Paul that she is pregnant, and needs $1,000 for an abortion. However, once he discovers tampons in her purse, he realizes that she is lying and is only attempting to obtain the money to get away from home. As Dot begins to play the moonlight sonata downstairs, Paul confronts Nina about her lie. Nina tries to explain, but Paul, distressed that his daughter wants to leave him, begins to physically abuse her. The abuse turns into a rape attempt. Dot recognizes what is going on upstairs, stops playing piano , and heads upstairs. The music finally stops when Dot uses a piano wire to strangle Paul to death, screaming at him to leave Nina alone. All the while, Olivia remains downstairs, staring at the news in a pill-induced stupor. When Paul\'s body hits the ground, Nina starts screaming and cursing at Dot. Olivia comes upstairs and her only comment on being faced with Paul\'s body is to tell Dot that it\'s a miracle that she can hear. The two girls go to the dance where Dot dances with Connor, then reveals to him that she is able to hear and talk. Connor calls her a psycho and storms away. Both girls bury Nina\'s dress, which has her father\'s blood on it. At this point, Nina questions Dot about pretending to be deaf and mute. Dot reveals that she wanted to be closer to her father so she wouldn\'t be alone after her mother\'s death. When the girls return home, Olivia has turned herself into the police and claims that she, not Dot, killed Paul in order to protect her daughter and atone for allowing the abuse. The film ends on a philosophical note as the two girls play piano together.'] ["Rennie Cray embarks on a quest to avenge the death of his wife, who was struck down years before by a serial killer known as Fargo, who hunts and kills women with his 1972 Cadillac Eldorado. Just after his wife was struck and killed, Cray, a doctor, stikes Fargo's car with his Mercedes on the highway, Fargo is hospitalized for the next 18 months and much of his body is replaced with prosthetics. Cray is imprisoned for three years. When Cray is released from prison, he begins tracking Fargo who has made the Eldorado into an extension of his own body. Fargo continues with his hit-and-run spree, disguising his murders as accidents. When one of Fargo's victims, Molly, escapes alive Cray protects her. Cray hunts down Fargo in a 1968 Plymouth Barracuda SuperStock 426 Hemi, 4 speed with a pistol grip Hurst shifter. Meanwhile, state traffic investigator Will Macklin pursues Cray while Fargo plans to kill Cray at last."] ["The quiet life of a Paris family is disturbed when they receive a series of surveillance tapes of their own residence from an anonymous source. Georges Laurent  is the successful host of a French literary TV programme, living with his wife Anne , a book publisher, and their school-age son Pierrot . Unmarked videocassettes arrive on their doorstep, tapes that show extended observation of their home's exterior from a static street camera that is never noticed. At first passive and harmless, but later accompanied by crude, disturbing crayon drawings, the tapes lead to questions about Georges' early life that disrupt both his work and marriage. But because the tapes do not contain an open threat, the police refuse to help the family. One videotape leads Georges to the modest HLM apartment of Majid , an Algerian man whose parents worked for Georges' family before they were killed in the Paris massacre of 1961. The orphaned Majid remained in the Laurent home, and the parents at one time intended to adopt him. Georges confronts Majid about the tapes, but he denies involvement. However, the encounter intensifies his guilty flashbacks and recurring nightmares of a young Majid spitting blood, cutting off a rooster's head, and menacing him. One day Pierrot does not come home from school and Anne cannot locate him. Georges and Anne suspect that Majid has kidnapped him. They go to the police, who accompany Georges to Majid's apartment. There they find Majid's son , and father and son both deny knowledge of the kidnapping. The police arrest them but they are released the next morning. On the same morning, Pierrot returns. He had spent the night at a friend's house without telling anyone. When Anne scolds Pierrot, he accuses her of committing adultery. In an earlier scene, we saw a distressed Anne permitting a few ambiguous caresses from Pierre, a family friend. Georges returns to Majid's apartment at his invitation, and, after stating that he had nothing to do with the surveillance, Majid says he wanted Georges to be present for what follows: he kills himself by slashing his own throat. Now Anne insists Georges explain the whole story with Majid, and he tells her of the time they spent living in the same household so many years ago. He was six years old when he tricked Majid into cutting off the head of a rooster, then told his parents that Majid did this to scare him. This sufficiently disturbed his parents that they sent Majid to an orphanage. Majid's son confronts Georges next. He denies involvement with the tapes, while Georges denies responsibility for his father's unhappiness and death. Majid's son says he only wanted to know how Georges felt about being the cause of his father's death, and Georges angrily leaves. Georges goes home, takes two sleeping pills, and goes to bed. A man and woman arrive at Georges' childhood home in a 1960 Peugeot.{{Cite web}} They enter the house, returning momentarily with an Arab boy who protests, resists getting in the car, and runs away before he's finally caught and overcome by the man. He's forced into the back seat with the woman and the man drives the car away. Under the credits, Pierrot and Majid's son meet in front of Pierrot's school, though their conversation cannot be heard. Majid's son leaves, as does Pierrot with a couple of his friends soon after."] ['On Christmas Eve, suburban housewife Della Myers  gets into an argument with her husband Kenneth . After putting her two children to bed, she drives to the mall to buy some wrapping paper. At the mall, she can\'t find a parking space and angrily leaves a note on the window of a car that is parked using up two parking spaces. By the time she finishes her purchase, the parking lot is nearly deserted, and the note is gone from the car. As she enters her own car, the car on which she had left the note pulls up behind her. She confronts the car, and four kids emerge—Huey ([[Jamie Starr , Vingh , and Tomás —led by Chuckie . A security guard intervenes but is shot by Chuckie in the ensuing standoff. As the gang realizes that they have committed a murder, Della manages to start her car and drive away. They follow her, intending to kill her as she is the only witness. She crashes her truck in a development area nearby a forest. She takes a road flare and a toolbox out of the car and hides behind a dredger. Della runs through the buildings under construction as they search for her. After some hide and seek the guys corner and threaten her using the documents they found in her car. As they have her open the toolbox she throws a wrench at Chuckie and escapes again. Chasing her Tomás jumps upon Huey, who falls and breaks his neck. After some hide and seek in the woods, Della beats and finally kills Tomás with a lug wrench. She flees through a creek, pursued by Chuckie and Vingh. Della sneaks up on Vingh and kills him with a screwdriver and hides behind a fallen tree. Chuckie tries to persuade Della; he talks about her kids, saying that he is going to pay them a visit. He tells her what he thinks of her, that she lives a boring life she doesn\'t want, mistreated by her husband. He finds her, touches, and teases her face. She holds his hand, pulls him down and they kiss. He draws his weapon as they engage in foreplay. She tells him to fuck her, and as he is distracted she ignites the road flare and blinds him, takes his weapon, and kills him. Della returns home, her husband Kenneth complains, that she was out late and is tracking mud throughout the house, but Della ignores him. She goes upstairs to check on her children who are both sleeping. The drunk Kenneth asks what she brought him from the mall, she points the gun at him and says: "Nothing."'] ["A young lesbian couple, Stella and Lenni, go on the run after the accidental death of Lenni's mother."] ["Alexandre Beck is a doctor who has slowly been putting his life back together after his wife Margot was murdered by a serial killer. Eight years on, Alex is doing well, until he finds himself implicated in a double homicide, which has plenty of evidence pointing to him as the killer - though he knows nothing of the crimes. The same day, Alex receives an e-mail that appears to be from Margot, which includes a link to a surveillance video clip that features his late wife looking alive and well. The message warns Alex that they are both being watched. He struggles to stay one step ahead of the law, while a gang of henchmen intimidate Alex's friends into telling them whatever they might know about him - the henchmen eventually kill one of them, Charlotte. In the meantime, Alex's sister Anne persuades her well-off wife Hélène to hire a respected attorney, Élisabeth Feldman, to handle Alex's case. It is gradually revealed that Margot is apparently still alive. She attempts to arrange a meeting with Alex by sending him an email which he must read in an internet cafe to avoid being spied on. Before this meeting, a warrant is issued for Alex's arrest for the murder of Charlotte. He goes on the run whilst his friends and lawyers struggle to find out the truth about the murder, as well as Margot's reappearance. Alex, chased by policemen, is rescued by Bruno, a gangster from a rough part of the city who feels he owes Alex a favor. The mysterious henchmen reappear to prevent Alex's meeting with his late wife, but he is rescued once again by Bruno. Margot is seen almost escaping on a flight to Buenos Aires. Elizabeth, the lawyer, proves that Alex has an alibi for the murder of Charlotte, thanks to eyewitness accounts at the internet cafe. Alex noted the numerous mysteries about his wife's death - mysterious photos of her covered in bruises and traces of heroin in her body. He soon discovers the truth that Margot's father faked his daughter's death. Margot had discovered that Philippe Neuville, a rich young son of a local millionaire, was a pedophile rapist whose activities were being hidden because his father had influence over the police; when she confronted him, Philippe beat her up, causing the bruises. Her father explains that he walked in on the beating and shot Philippe. He then hired thugs to fake Margot's murder, shot them, and used the body of a dead heroin addict to stand in for Margot's. Police, listening in on the father's confession, attempt to arrest him. However, Margot's father shoots himself dead. In a final twist, it is then revealed that Margot's father knew Alex was wearing a wire, and that during a moment in which he had blocked the bug's transmission he had told Alex one last thing: it was in fact Margot who shot Philippe after he beat her; her father was covering up her crime, not his. His actions however have ensured that she will never be suspected. The film's final sequence shows Philippe's father being arrested, and Alex and Margot reuniting at the lake where they fell in love as children."] ['{{plot}} Franco Arno  a middle-aged blind man is walking down a street at night with his niece Lori  when they pass by a man in a car. Franco overhears him mention blackmail. Franco bends over, feigning tying his shoes and asks Lori to describe the man in the parked car. Lori does, but says that she cannot see the other man clearly. They walk back to Franco\'s apartment nearby and while Lori sleeps, Franco works on a puzzle when he hears a noise. Outside, the unseen man in the parked car gets out and knocks out a night watchman by the gate of a large medical complex that stands right next to the apartment building where Franco lives. The unseen man uses a screwdriver to get inside the building, goes to Dr. Calabresi\'s office, unlocks it and gets inside. A doctor preparing to leave for the night sees the nightwatchman unconscious and sees a dark figure running away. The next day, the police arrive at the Terzi Institute investigating the break-in. Carlo Giordani  arrives and bumps into Franco outside the institute and helps the blind man up. Carlo introduces himself and says that he\'s a reporter investigating the break-in. Inside, Carlo learns that nothing was stolen from the institute. Professor Terzi  tells the officers that since nothing is missing, he would rather not reveal the institutes research. Dr. Casoni  suggests that pictures may have been taken, but Dr. Braun  says to let the cops handle the matter. Meanwhile, Dr. Calabresi ,  looks at his files in his office and phones someone and agrees to meet with him. Calabresi tells his fiancee Bianca Merusi  that he knows who broke into the institute and what was taken, but he does not wish to tell anyone yet, saying it could mean a "big step forward". At a local train station, while a group of reporters are waiting for a celebrity starlet to arrive from an arriving train, the unseen man approaches Calabresi and pushes him as the train arrives. The next day, Franco and Lori are at home when Lori reads the newspaper for Franco about the "accidental death" of Dr. Calabresi and she tells Franco that the man in the newspaper is the same man she saw in the car the night before. She describes the picture and says that Carlo Giordani wrote the article. The two of them go to see the reporter at the newspaper office and Franco asks if the picture has been cropped. Carlo calls Righetto  the paparazzi photographer who snapped the picture at the last second and he goes back to the original and sees a moving hand-arm in the far left of the frame. As Righetto prepares to print the photograph, he is strangled to death with a cord. The unseen killer takes the photo and all the negatives and leaves just seconds before Carlo, Franco, and Lori arrive. Carlo goes inside the apartment and finds the body. Carlo sends Franco and Lori away and calls the police. The investigating officer, Spimi , asks questions to Carlo about the "maniac". Later, Carlo looks through a pair of binoculars at the people leaving the Terzi Institute and describes the doctors to Franco as they leave who are Mombell, Esson, Casoni, and Braun, as well as Terzi and his daughter Anna . Carlo goes to the Terzi home and he expresses his desire to talk about Calabresi\'s "accident". Afterwards, Carlo speaks with Anna, and he evades her questions of what he and her father spoke about. The two of them drive away together and Anna drives in full speed to evade a car with two detectives following them. Meanwhile, Franco and Lori go to talk with Bianca, and she says apologetically that she could not find anything in the house relating to her fiance\'s death. After they leave, Franco asks Lori what he kept hearing while they were talking, and Lori says it was a chain and locket around her neck and that Bianca was fidgeting with it. Elsewhere, Carlo and Anna talk over drinks at a local restaurant where she tells them about the institute\'s research of "chromosome alteration" and "XYY", the extra Y producing a "criminal tendency" in a person. Carlo then goes to see Dr. Braun at the St Peter\'s Club and he talks to the doctor about someone being after the institute\'s secret drug. Braun does not seem vexed. Bianca takes a taxi to Calabresi\'s parked car in a lot. Inside, she finds a tiny note with an appointment time at the station  written down. She tapes the note to the inside of her locket. Bianca then calls Franco and says she knows who killed Calabresi, but she will only tell him in person. As Bianca walks down the hallway of her apartment building to return to her apartment, the unseen killer attacks and strangles her with a cord. The killer rummages through her purse, but does not find anything. Franco shows Carlo a note he received in which the killer threatens the "puzzle solver" and the "journalist" or more people will die. Carlo talks to Franco that he found out that two of the doctors, Casoni, being fired from his last job, and Braun having received a lot of money. Carlo goes to see Casoni and the doctor talks about the institute\'s "wonder drug" and the "XYY pattern". Carlo then asks Dr. Mombell about XYY, and the doctor says that everyone in the institute was tested, but their results are confidential. The unseen killer approaches Carlo\'s front door and injects two milk cartons, dropped off by the local milkman, with a syringe. A little later, Carlo arrives home and brings the milk cartons inside. Anna arrives shortly thereafter and they talk about more about the research and of her results of the XYY test. Their talk leads to a kiss and they end up having sex. Afterwards, Carlo pours himself and Anna a glass of milk from one of the cartons when Franco phones saying that someone tampered with the gas line on his stove, flooding his apartment with methane gas and also may try to kill Carlo. Carlo notices the milk that had bled from the cartons from the hypodermic needle holes and knocks the glass away from Anna before she can drink it. Carlo smells and tastes the milk and deduces that it has been poisoned. The following day, Carlo meets with one of his old friends and informants, named Gigi the Loser  , for help in investigating the Terzi break-in which may have been an inside job. Carlo and Gigi break into Terzi\'s house and discover that Anna is adopted and  that Terzi apparently "adored" the woman. Carlo then goes to the police station and learns from Spimi that Bianca often met with Braun and that the cops cannot find the doctor. Carlo then runs a story in the newspaper about Braun being a suspect in the break-in, and a former gay lover of Manuel approaches Carlo and tells him where Braun is hiding. Carlo goes over to the apartment where he is attacked by Manuel . Carlo wins the fight, and sees Braun lying dead on the couch. But the police conclude that Manuel had nothing to do with the break-in and that he murdered Braun out of a jealous rage. A few days later, Franco contacts Carlo where he recalls Bianca\'s locket and suggests that the note that she found of the killer\'s name might still be there. Franco and Carlo head to the cemetery and open Bianca\'s family crypt. Carlo gets her coffin open while Franco waits by the door. Carlo finds the locket that was buried with Bianca, opens it, and discovers the note behind a metal plate and hands it to Franco. As Carlo closes the coffin, Franco shuts the crypt door, locking Carlo in. After spending a few minutes in the dark crypt, Franco opens the door again and walks inside without his dark sunglasses with a bruise on his face, and a large blade protruding from his walking cane that\'s speared with blood. Franco tells the reporter that he was attacked outside by the killer who told him that he has Lori as a captive, and was forced to give him the note. But Franco tells him that he managed to stab the killer with his cane. Meanwhile, Lori is hit on the head and put in the back of a car. Franco and Carlo find the taxi  and discover blood in the back seat. The unseen killer then calls Franco and tells him that he will hold Lori for a while and to stop investigating the break in, and the murders. Carlo goes to the police to report the kidnapping and they go to the Terzi house, and Anna comes down the stairs with cloth wrapped around her hand. Carlo tells her about the father-daughter "relationship" that he knows about and expresses suspicion about the milk incident . But Anna claims that she only cut her hand on a broken vase and was nowhere near the cemetery which was just a few hours ago. She is irate that Carlo suspects her of being the killer. But with little evidence to arrest her, Carlo and the others leave. Carlo and the police arrive at the Terzi Institute and search the place for Lori whom Carlo suspects that the killer is one of the doctors, but they find nothing. As Carlo walks on a stairwell, he finds blood on his collar, and he thinks back to the room he just came from. He returns to the room and sees blood dripping from the ceiling. He climbs up to the roof and chases an unseen person. Then the unseen person turns around and it is Casoni who hits him in the face and kicks Carlo to the ground. Casoni, with a stab wound to his stomach, goes to a back room where a gagged Lori is and prepares to stab her. Carlo runs in and tackles the killer, but gets stabbed in the chest. Just then the police arrive on the roof and chase Casoni, but he gets caught by Franco who stops him with his cane blade. Franco asks about Lori, and Casoni  tells Franco that he killed her. Enraged, Franco swings his cane at Casoni who tries to run and pushes the deranged doctor through a sky window and he falls down an elevator shaft to his death, just as Lori calls out for Franco.'] ['{{Expand section}} The film opens in San Francisco, where John Triton  is "The Mental Wizard", a nightclub fortune teller. During a show one evening, Triton suddenly urges an audience member to rush home, cautioning that her son is in danger. As the story unfolds, Triton struggles with his newfound psychic ability, as all of his relentlessly bleak predictions prove accurate. Jerome Cowan (of [[The Maltese Falcon  plays Whitney Courtland, Triton\'s best friend, who becomes wealthy using tips from the now-psychic Triton.'] ['When Addison Terrill\'s wife Becky is brutally murdered suspicion automatically falls on him. The fact the words "We\'re even now" were written on the bedroom wall next to her body seem to the police to make this a water tight case. But Addison claims he is innocent and if that is the case then everyone around him, including his best friend and partner Sam, Sam\'s loving wife Sarah , even a disgraced cop he successfully prosecuted in the past, are potentially guilty. With time and evidence against him Addison and his unusual ally must race to clear his name. There will be answers but some of them come at a heavy price...'] ["Keri Russell plays Katie Armstrong, an American student in Germany studying criminal psychology. She chooses a notorious subject for her thesis: the cannibal killer Oliver Hartwin . Oliver dreamed of eating a willing victim, and thanks to the internet, he was able to find a volunteer, a young man Simon Grombeck . The story is told in flashbacks as Katie researches these men and their pasts. Events culminate in Katie's discovery of a snuff tape that documents the crime."] ['During a war with Afghanistan, an incurable biological weapon called the "Y-bomb", which targets only the male Y-chromosome, is used and results in the eventual deaths of 97% of the world\'s men. Feeling that they are better off without men, the planet\'s women decide to outlaw males because they were too violent. 20 years later, scientist Hope Chayse, fearing for the future of the species, conducts a cloning experiment to produce a new male, Adam, genetically enhanced to refrain from violence. When Adam reaches maturity, he soon finds himself on the run from the FBI, and hiding out with small rebel bands of the last surviving men on Earth.'] ["Michael Chambers returns home to celebrate his mother's remarriage. Michael had fled his hometown due to gambling indiscretions and had left his wife Rachel to deal with the mess he created. He must now reassimilate into the town, renew his relationships with his family and friends  and, most of all, seek out his ex-wife to woo her again. Michael obtains a job working for his mother's new husband as an armored car driver. He almost seems the perfect prodigal son as he finds his niche back in the community and his way back into his ex-wife's heart. His troubles increase when he and Rachel are caught in the act by her hoodlum boyfriend Dundee. To get out of this predicament, Michael must concoct a plan to steal a payroll being transported by his armored car company."] [' In a god-forsaken, off-season French seaside town we meet Marlène Jobert starring as the diffident, nail-biting, beautiful and lonely Mélancolie "Mellie" Mau, who watches a mysterious stranger step down from the bus into the pouring rain. He follows and eventually rapes her, while her husband  is away from home. However, when coming to her senses again, she manages to kill her attacker and dispose of the corpse. She decides to keep quiet about the whole incident to avoid complications with her jealous husband. &mdash; Enter Charles Bronson as the tough US Army colonel Harry Dobbs, who is out on undercover work trying to track down a serial rapist who has escaped from a military stockade in Germany. He confronts her and she is shocked that he seems to know exactly what has happened, but she sticks to her story of knowing nothing. Since the Colonel is less than forthcoming about his own mission, she also starts to worry about her absent husband possibly being implicated in something shady. Then a dead body is discovered on the beach where she dumped the rapist\'s body, and further complications ensue...'] ["On Christmas Eve, Armand , a terrorist who has a hidden nuclear device in Washington D.C., forces the president of the United States government  to round up seven geniuses with IQs over 200. The group consists of a casino owner , a biochemist , a pro-baseball player , a seminary student , an economics professor, a painter , and a pizza delivery guy . The government is to place them in a bomb shelter and explain to the group that they are to solve the world's problems in one night; if they fail to gather a thousand point till the morning, the terrorist will detonate the hidden nuclear device planted in the basement of the 'genius lair'."] ['This film is the story of a group of unruly teenagers whose parents send them to a rehabilitation boot camp to turn them around. The camp collects each child individually, then delivers them to the boot camp facility on a remote island in Fiji. There are no walls to stop the teenagers from leaving, but escape is impractical due to the surrounding sea. On arriving at the camp, the teenagers are forced to wear cuffs with sensors around their ankles &mdash; if they attempt to escape, security will be alerted. Dr. Hail, who runs the camp, forces the teens to work constantly. He has them clean the camp, grow plants, and has them rebuild the camp after it was damaged in a storm. Campers are required to wear color coded t-shirts. First, new arrivals are given black t-shirts. They progress to yellow and then white. The teens earn a white shirt once they have been "corrected". They do not do work; they become staff members and abuse the other inmates and monitor their work. Among the staff is Logan, an ex-soldier. He is very tough towards the inmates and makes deals with girls in exchange for sex. The main teenagers featured are Sophie, her boyfriend Ben, Danny and Trina. As time passes on the island, Sophie rebels against Dr. Hail, and once Ben joins her, the two escape to a nearby island. However, they are recaptured, and Ben is told he will be sent home. One morning, while on a run, Logan, has the male teenagers go swimming. However, Danny, who can\'t swim, drowns, and Logan tries to get Ben to help cover it up by threatening him with solitary confinement, but Ben refuses. Meanwhile, Sophie discovers that Logan has raped Trina, and when Logan is put before the camp to admit responsibility for Danny\'s death, she reveals this to the rest of the teenagers, many of whom also were offered yellow shirts by Logan in exchange for sex. As the teenagers surround Logan, Sophie turns the attention onto Hail, at which point Ben announces to the shocked teenagers that this isn\'t the first death to occur on a camp run by Dr. Hail. The teenagers run amok, burning down the entire campsite, and then go after Logan, who dies when his jeep crashes into a burning building. At this point they turn their attention solely to Hail, who tries to shoot them in the hope that he can restore order. However, after finding out his gun wasn\'t loaded, he is thrown into solitary confinement, to be left for the police to arrest. As the film fades out we see images of the teenagers celebrating freedom swimming in the ocean. A message also appears on screen stating that since the 1970s, when these type of camps were introduced in real life, over 40 deaths have occurred. Based on a true story.'] ['Kingsley\'s character is a man pushed to his limits and that he eventually resorts to violent means. The film\'s tagline is also as good as a synopsis – "Five bombs in the city. The clock is ticking". It is more difficult to tell, though, who the creators\' sympathies are supposed to lie with – the loose cannon or the ruthless cop? The audience will find their allegiance swinging from one to the other.Ben Kingsley Starring Action-Thriller, "A Common Man" Is To Be Released by Myriad Pictures Worldwide'] ["Architect Walter Craig  arrives at a country house party where he reveals to the assembled guests that he has seen them all in a dream. He appears to have no prior personal knowledge of them but he is able to predict spontaneous events in the house before they unfold. The other guests attempt to test Craig's foresight, while entertaining each other with various tales of uncanny or supernatural events that they experienced or were told about. These include a racing car driver's premonition of a fatal bus crash; a light hearted tale of two obsessed golfers, one of whom becomes haunted by the other's ghost; a ghostly encounter during a children's Christmas party ; a haunted antique mirror; and the story of an unbalanced ventriloquist  who believes his amoral dummy is truly alive. The framing story is then capped by a twist ending."] ['Arthur Hamilton ([[John Randolph  is a middle-aged man whose life has lost purpose. He has achieved success in his career, but finds it unfulfilling. His love for his wife of many years has dwindled. His only child is married and he seldom sees her. Through a friend, a man he thought was dead, Hamilton is approached by a secret organization, known simply as the "Company." The Company\'s business is helping wealthy people who are unhappy with their lives to disappear and create new lives. When Hamilton agrees to talk to the Company, he is spirited away to a secret location. While waiting for his interview he is offered a cup of tea and then falls asleep. When he wakes, Hamilton is interviewed by Mr. Ruby , who shows him a film in which he appears to have raped a girl. The film, made while he was unconscious, is intended to persuade Hamilton that it is now too late for him to return to his old life. Hamilton feels compelled to accept the Company\'s services—but fears that this coercive scheme foreshadows the unfortunate consequences of doing business with the Company. Hamilton\'s death is staged to make it look as if he perished in a hotel fire; a corpse is left at the scene that can be identified as his. Through extensive plastic surgery and mental and physical conditioning, Hamilton is transformed into Tony Wilson , a man who looks and acts much younger. He is provided with a new home, a new identity, new friends and a devoted manservant. The details of his new existence, including diplomas and other evidence of professional accomplishment that appear genuine, suggest that there was once a real Tony Wilson, but what became of him is a mystery. Hamilton tries to adapt to his new life. As Tony Wilson, he lives in a beach house in Malibu, California and enjoys the reputation of a successful artist. He begins a relationship with a young woman named Nora Marcus  and for a time he is happy. He then finds that the pleasures he denied himself in his "first" life are not exactly what he expected . At a dinner party he hosts for neighbors, Wilson drinks himself into a stupor and begins to babble about his former life as Hamilton. It turns out that his neighbors are "reborns" like himself, sent to keep an eye on his adjustment. Nora is actually an agent of the Company and her attentions to Wilson are designed merely to ensure his cooperation with the Company\'s program. In violation of Company policy, Wilson, posing as an old friend of her husband\'s, visits his former wife  in his new persona. He learns that his marriage had failed because he was distracted by the pursuit of career and material possessions, the very things in life that others made him believe were important. Wilson returns to the Company and announces a desire to start again with yet another identity. The Company offers to accommodate him, but asks if he would first provide the names of some past acquaintances who might like to be "reborn." He refuses since he now knows of the drawbacks to being "reborn" and also doesn\'t want to delay the Company\'s process for giving him a new identity. While awaiting his reassignment, Wilson encounters Charlie Evans , the friend who had originally recruited him into the Company. Evans was also "reborn" and likewise could not make a go of his new life. Together, they speculate on the reason for their failure to adjust, attributing it to the fact that they allowed others, including the Company, to make life choices for them. This understanding comes too late. Wilson/Hamilton is suddenly informed that he is to be taken to surgery to be given his new identity, but as he is wheeled down the hallway a priest reads him the last rites and he realizes he is going to his death. He is wheeled into an operating room where he learns that failed reborns are not actually provided with new identities but instead become the cadavers used to fake new clients\' deaths.'] ['Final Approach deals with the mental condition of Amnesia when a stealth test pilot, Col. Jason Halsey , is involved in an air disaster. A psychiatrist Dr. Dio Gottlieb  attempts to help Halsey to recover his memory, but his motives seem suspect. Is Gottlieb giving professional help or is he a counter-intelligence agent sent to debrief Halsey?'] ['After two strip club workers disappear and are found dead later on, a team of reporters unearth a mysterious tape which shows the women being followed and later murdered by the camera man. After investigating the cases further, the reporters on the team become targeted by the murderer and have other chilling tapes sent to them. The team are joined by the host of the hit television show American Crime, who assists them on their journey to uncover the true murderer, as a man was already sent to jail for the killings. With a disbelieving sheriff ignoring the case, the reporters must solve the crime themselves before they themselves are killed.'] ["The plot centers on the protagonist George Grieves , who checks into the Mt. Abaddon Hospital for a routine procedure only to find horrors await him. Awakening from what was supposedly a simple colonoscopy, Grieves is told by hospital staff that due to confusion arising from similar patient names he was mistakenly given a sympathectomy to cure sweaty palms. As the days tick by Mr. Grieves' post-operative experiences grow ever more bizarre until he finally realizes that he is caught inside a nightmare of his own creation and seems unable to escape or awaken back in the real world. He understands that something has gone wrong in his post-operative recovery which is keeping him trapped in this netherworld of manifestations of all of his worst fears but he understands neither what the problem is nor what, if anything, he can do to awaken from it. We eventually see his condition from his family's perspective and it appears hopeless. The doctors explain that there was a complication during the colonoscopy which created an air bubble in his bloodstream that eventually reached his brain and caused so much damage that he ended up in an apparently permanent vegetative state. He's been dead to the outside world for 10 months and his family is being pressured to remove all artificial means of life support. Meanwhile, back inside his own mind, George Grieves is in a desperate losing battle with his own manifested fears and decides that the only way out is to commit suicide in this dream-like state hoping that it will cause his real body to expire and free him from the interminable torment he's had to endure. He manages to leap from a 7th-floor window onto the concrete below, and the final shot is of his real-world body lying in an empty hospital room where it flatlines, closing its eyelids in physical death."] ['Edmond Burke is a city businessman who visits a Tarot fortune teller on the way home. She claims Edmond "is not where [he] belongs." He decides to make changes in his life, beginning by leaving his wife. At a bar, Edmond tells a fellow patron he hasn\'t had sex in a while and that marriage took away his masculinity. The man gives him the address to a strip club, where Edmond is kicked out by a bouncer for not paying for a stripper\'s drink. Now even more sexually frustrated, Edmond goes to a peep show; having never been to such a place before, he doesn\'t realize that he isn\'t allowed to have actual sex with the performer. Next he goes to a white-collar bordello, but can\'t afford a hooker. Edmond needs money, so he plays a card game with a street dealer. When Edmond accuses the dealer of cheating, the dealer beats him up and steals his money. Edmond becomes enraged by what he sees as the contempt, prejudice and greed of society. He pawns his wedding ring in exchange for a knife. He is approached by a pimp who offers Edmond a "clean girl" and lures him to an alleyway, where the pimp attempts to mug him. In a wild rage, Edmond attacks the pimp with his knife while hurling racial slurs at him. He leaves him wounded and possibly dying in the alley. Suddenly euphoric, Edmond enters a coffee shop and tells a waitress, Glenna, his newfound worldview of instant gratification. They end up having sex at her apartment. Glenna likes him at first, but she is soon frightened by his increasingly erratic behavior and calls for help. An enraged Edmond slashes her to death, blaming her own insecurity for her murder. On a subway train, Edmond has an angry confrontation with a female passenger. Edmond wanders the city. He comes across a church service where a minister preaches about respect and faith. Edmond feels the urge to preach about his own experiences, and as he stands in the doorway of the church, the woman he threatened on the subway who is about to walk into the church, recognizes Edmond and calls into the street for the police. The responding officer, while detaining Edmond outside the church doorway, pats Edmond down to find the knife in his front jacket pocket. Edmond is arrested. In jail, Edmond begins to appreciate the security of his old life, but it is too late; the police have reason to believe that the knife found in Edmonds pocket may be the murder weapon related to Glenna\'s murder. The interrogating officer blatantly asks Edmond why he killed Glenna, to Edmond\'s shock and disbelief. He is sent to prison for her murder. Edmond is paired with an black cellmate. He likes prison because it is simple. He speaks of how he has always feared black people, but now that he shares a room with one, he can finally feel a bond. The indifferent cellmate then forces Edmond to perform oral sex on him. Edmond tells a prison minister what happened, but goes off on a tangent, shouting that God has been unfair to him. When the minister asks why he murdered the waitress, he has no answer. Years pass. Edmond has cut connections with the outside world, refusing to see visitors. He talks to his cellmate about the human ego and how life should not be taken for granted. He concludes that by conquering his fears, he might lead a better life. He ponders the afterlife, then goes to sleep comfortably alongside his cellmate. True to the Tarot fortune teller\'s words, Edmond might well have found the place where he belongs.'] ["The film centers on Kessler, a psychologist in the human resources department of the French branch of a long-established German firm. The firm has recently dismissed 50% of its workforce on criteria devised by Kessler. Rose, the vice-president of the company, requests Kessler to look into whether Jüst, the CEO is fit to do his job. The CEO discovers Kessler is investigating him and tells him that Rose, whose previous name was Kraus, has a Nazi past. Kessler then discovers that Jüst's father headed a Nazi extermination group on the Eastern Front during World War II. Jews placed in the back of a closed truck were killed with the truck's exhaust gas. A device called a 'heartbeat detector' was then applied to discover any who had survived. Tormented by this memory Jüst attempts suicide. The action then shifts from the company's politics to the Holocaust. An analogy is drawn between company downsizing and extermination."] ["Milo Tindle , a prosperous, rather flashy self-made London hairdresser, the son of immigrants, arrives at a large stately home in the Wiltshire countryside, belonging to Andrew Wyke , a pompous, highly eccentric crime fiction author. A member of the upper class and with a great concern for tradition, Wyke is popular worldwide for his aristocratic detective, St. John Lord Meridew. Andrew quickly tells Milo that he knows that Milo is having an affair with his wife, Margeurite. Milo, in return, tells Andrew that he knows Andrew is having an affair with a Swedish prostitute called Thea, and that Andrew’s wife will raise a divorce action based on this. Andrew proposes that Milo steals his jewels. This way, Milo will be able to sell the jewels for £170,000 cash, enabling him to maintain Margeurite’s very expensive tastes, while Andrew will be able to claim the insurance money. To make the burglary seem convincing, Andrew suggests that Milo actually burgle his house. This Milo proceeds to do, instructed by Andrew at every step of the way. Frequently, Andrew’s fondness for playing games exasperates Milo, who wants Andrew to be more serious about the plot. Andrew is riled by Milo’s attitudes and makes disparaging remarks about his being of Italian descent. However, it appears that they also like each other in some way and that Milo is enjoying playing Andrew’s “game”. When the time comes for Milo and Andrew to stage a fight, Andrew pulls his gun and creates some bullet holes. Then, Milo is supposed to tie Andrew up, to be discovered by the cleaner the next day, but instead, Andrew turns the gun on Milo. He says that he will not accept another man stealing his wife, and has merely set up the burglary so that he can kill Milo and plead self-defence, as it will look like Milo broke into his house. Milo attempts to flee, but Andrew has kept his car keys. Milo breaks down into tears and begs for his life. He takes Milo to the staircase, expresses his contempt for working-class, non-English people like Milo, and shoots him in the head. A few days later, Andrew is relaxing in his lounge, reading The Times and listening to Cole Porter songs , when the doorbell rings and Inspector Doppler of the Wiltshire Constabulary arrives. Doppler claims to be investigating the disappearance of Milo Tindle. Andrew explains that what the viewer assumes to have been the murder of Milo was just a game. Andrew tested Milo, then humiliated him by putting him in fear of his life: this, Andrew feels, showed Milo’s true character and meant that Andrew “won the game”. However, he only shot Milo with a blank bullet. Milo passed out with shock, and fled upon awakening. Doppler refuses to believe this and points out numerous bits of evidence that prove Andrew’s guilt: bullet holes in the wall, a passerby hearing shots fired, Milo’s blood on the staircase, and others. Andrew grows nervous as the various bits of evidence stack up against him. Doppler shows Andrew a mound of earth and says that if Milo is not buried under it, it can be used to prove that Andrew killed Milo, panicked, started to dig a grave in the garden, then disposed of it elsewhere- effectively closing the case. Andrew goes into hysterics, demanding the right to see a lawyer and struggling with Doppler. At the point of Andrew’s greatest humiliation, Doppler removes his face; he is in fact Milo, in an intricate disguise. Andrew did indeed not kill Milo, who has now avenged his humiliation by playing a game of his own and humiliating Andrew. Andrew congratulates Milo on his ingenuity and the two become fairly affable again. Andrew explains to Milo his philosophy of games-playing and how Milo must surely concede that life has been much more exhilarating when playing games with him. Milo expresses contempt for Andrew’s attitude and says that in his family, there was no time to play games for fun, and that he, Milo, only plays to win. Accordingly, although he has now equalised with Andrew, he seeks to actually beat him now. Milo tells Andrew that he has decided to take the game one step further by actually killing somebody. For the first time, Andrew’s air of insincerity and silliness falters and he calmly suggests that Milo leave. Milo refuses, and explains that he has killed Andrew’s mistress, Thea. Andrew calls Thea’s flat and is shocked to hear that she is missing. Milo then tells Andrew that after Andrew “killed” him the other day, he went and told the police about it, and said that Andrew had expressed an interest in committing the perfect murder. The police promised to arrive at 10pm that evening- it is now 9.45. Milo has planted several items around the house which incriminate Andrew as Thea's murderer. A frantic Andrew deciphers Milo’s clues, and among other things has to crawl through the coal box to extract one item. He destroys the final clue just as Milo goes to open the door for the police. At this point, Milo reveals that he did not in fact kill Thea, but has just played another game with Andrew, and has now beaten him twice, making him the winner. He brags that Thea was only too happy to pretend to have been abducted, and that she said he could not maintain an erection- embarrassing Andrew, who joked about his sexual prowess earlier in the film. Milo also mocks Andrew’s detective character, St. John Lord Meridew. Leaving Andrew utterly humiliated, he goes upstairs to retrieve Margeurite’s coat. While Milo is upstairs, a furious Andrew retrieves his pistol and decides to kill Milo; he will tell the police that he saw Milo walk down the stairs with Margeurite’s coat and shot him in self-defence. When Milo arrives back downstairs, Andrew informs him of his intention, but Milo says that would be foolish on Andrew’s part, as Milo really did go and see the police about the other day’s events, and they really are due at Andrew’s house soon. He turns to leave, smiling, and Andrew shoots him in the back. As he lies dying, Andrew tells him he was not going to fall for the same trick three times. Just then, a car is heard coming up the driveway, and blue lights are seen flashing. A horrified Andrew realises that Milo was telling the truth; the police really do know about the staged burglary, and he will now be convicted of murder. All the toys in Andrew’s living room go off, seemingly laughing at him, as he stands, ashen-faced, at the foot of the stairs. Milo’s last words are, “Andrew, tell them it was all just a bloody game”."] ["The story starts off with a young married couple, Annie and Matthew, returning home from the movies to find their infant child  screaming with a high temperature and an ear ache. The father calls the doctor, who promises to phone in a prescription to the pharmacist the following day. During the night, the neighborhood wakes up due to a blackout. The baby is still ill. The father goes to the pharmacist the next day, but is unable to get the required medicine due to the blackout preventing the doctor from phoning in the prescription. The father then steals the medicine when the pharmacist is not looking. Chaos ensues due to the blackout, so the father and his long time best friend, Joe, decide to buy a gun. An intruder breaks into the couple's house during the night, and the two friends manage to chase him out of the house, where a neighbor shoots the intruder. The neighbors then conspire to cover up the fact that the deceased intruder did not actually have a gun. More chaos occurs, so the family and the friend decide to flee to the wife's parents' house. They do not have enough fuel to travel the whole way, so they stop by an abandoned car hoping to siphon some. A man is lying in the backseat. Joe notices that the man has a hand gun, so heads back to the car to get the shotgun. Joe aims the shotgun at the man to try and scare him off, but the man shoots him and steals the car. Matthew then heads off to a nearby farmhouse to try to get help for his family. The man occupying the house refuses to help him initially, as he does not trust him. Matthew collects the shotgun and returns to the house, hoping to steal the car. Matthew breaks into the house to get the car keys, and a stand off ensues between him and the owner. The owner eventually agrees to help Matthew. The owner and his young daughter drive for help."] ["In 1958, Anna, a young cleaning woman, is sent to spruce up the abandoned St. Ange orphanage in the French Alps region. In fact, she has been sent there because she is pregnant, but she keeps this a secret from others. She then discovers that Judith is the only orphan who still lives there, a young woman who acts like a child, locked up in her own memories. As she begins her cleaning duties, Anna begins to experience strange things such as hearing the footsteps and voices of children down the hallways. Meanwhile, her co-worker, a cook named Helenka, does not hear a thing, and begins to worry about Anna's state of mind. As time passes, Anna begins to suspect that St. Ange holds a dark secret. Convinced that Judith's memories hold part of the answer, Anna coaxes her into helping uncover the sinister secrets that lie under the orphanage. {{cite web}}"] ['Isabella , one of many beautiful models employed at a fashion house, is walking through the grounds that lead to the establishment one night when she is attacked and violently killed by an assailant wearing a white featureless mask. Police Inspector Sylvester  is assigned to investigate the murder and he interviews Max Marian , the manager who co-manages the salon with his lover, the recently widowed Countess Cristina Como . Max attests that he can not provide any information whatsoever that can assist the inspector, but as the investigation continues all of the fashion house\'s various sins, including corruption, abortions, blackmail and drug addiction, begin to come to light. It is revealed that Isabella had kept a diary detailing these vices, and suddenly almost every employee becomes nervous. Nicole  finds the diary, and she promises to provide it to the police, but Peggy ([[Mary Arden  manages to steal it from her purse during work. That night, Nicole drives to an antique store owned by her paramour, Frank . He is not there, and while inside she suddenly finds herself stalked by a black clad figure, who had apparently been waiting for her. She gets to the front entrance door but is grabbed from behind by the masked individual, who raises and slams a spiked glove into her face, killing her instantly. The murderer searches the corpse and her purse for the diary. When it becomes clear that she did not have it, the killer runs out of the shop. The murderer next visits Peggy\'s apartment. The killer gains entrance simply by knocking on the front door, and when Peggy opens it, the masked figure abruptly walks inside. The assailant slaps and hits her repeatedly, and she explains that she no longer has the diary and had in fact burned it in the fireplace. When her attacker checks the fireplace to see if she told the truth, she tries to pick up a telephone to call for help. Enraged, the murderer hits her over and over again in the face until she is knocked unconscious. The assailant then carries her away just as the police arrive. Peggy is taken to another location and tied to a chair. The killer tortures her, demanding to know where the diary is. The woman reaches up and knocks off the mask. The shocked girl recognizes her assailant, who proceeds to kill her brutally by slowly pressing her face against the red-hot surface of a burning furnace. Inspector Sylvester is convinced that the murderer is one of the men employed at the fashion house, so he arrests all of those he believes might be related to the deaths. However, while the suspects are in custody, Greta  discovers Peggy\'s corpse hidden in the trunk of her car, and is then attacked and smothered to death by the killer. After discovering the bodies of the latest victims, Sylvester releases all of the men. Max visits Cristina and reminds her about how he had assisted in the murder of her husband. Isabella had found out that Max had been involved in the crime, and began blackmailing him. When she started asking for more and more money, Max murdered her. It was only later that Max and Cristina realized she had been keeping a diary that revealed everything. While attempting to retrieve the diary, Max had also killed Nicole and Peggy. When Max and the other men from the agency were placed under arrest, Cristina had murdered Greta to give Max an alibi for the previous killings. Now, Max tells Cristina that he once again needs her help and convinces her that after only one more death they will be safe. That night, the voluptuous Tao-Li  is drowned in her bathtub by the masked killer who, immediately after the murder, removes the mask and is revealed as Cristina. She uses a razor blade to slice the corpse\'s wrists in order to make the death seem like a suicide. Cristina prepares to leave the victim\'s apartment when she is interrupted by a knocking sound on the front door followed by the loud voice of a man identifying himself as the police. She decides to escape out the second story window and then tries to climb down a drainpipe, which falls under her weight, slamming her to the ground. Later that night, Max searches through Cristina\'s desk, looking for money and documents. Suddenly, a bloody and bruised Cristina enters the room, shakily holding a gun aimed directly at Max. Max had been the "policeman" knocking on Tao-Li\'s front door, and, knowing how Cristina would attempt to escape, he had deliberately broken the drainpipe in such a way that it would be guaranteed to collapse. He attempts to persuade his lover and almost succeeds in getting her to hand over the gun, but she abruptly changes her mind and shoots him to death. The mortally wounded Cristina collapses next to Max\'s corpse.'] ['Will Graham  is a former FBI criminal profiler who has retired because of a breakdown after being attacked by a cannibalistic serial killer, Dr. Hannibal Lecktor ([[Brian Cox . Graham is approached at his Florida home by his former FBI superior Jack Crawford , who is seeking help with a new serial killer case. Promising his wife  that he will do nothing more than examine evidence and not risk physical harm, Graham agrees to visit the most recent crime scene in Atlanta, where he tries to enter the mindset of the killer, now dubbed the "Tooth Fairy" by the police for the bite-marks left on his victims. Having found the killer\'s fingerprints, Graham meets with Crawford. They are accosted by tabloid journalist Freddie Lounds ([[Stephen Lang , with whom Graham has a bitter history. Lounds\' paper had run photographs of Graham taken secretly while he was hospitalized. Graham pays a visit to the cell of Lecktor, a former psychiatrist, asking for his insight into the killer\'s motivations. After a tense conversation, Lecktor agrees to look at the case file. Lecktor later contrives to obtain Graham\'s home address by deceit. Graham travels to the first crime scene in Birmingham, Alabama, where he is contacted by Crawford, who tells him of Lounds\' tabloid story on the case. Crawford also patches Graham through to Frederick Chilton , Lecktor\'s warden, who has found a note in Lecktor\'s personal effects. Reading it, they realize it is from the Tooth Fairy, expressing admiration for Lecktor—and an interest in Graham. Crawford brings Graham to the FBI Academy at Quantico, where a missing section of the note is analyzed to determine what Lecktor has removed. It is found to be an instruction to communicate through the personals section of the National Tattler, Lounds\' newspaper. The FBI intended to plant a fake advertisement to replace Lecktor\'s, but they realise that without the proper book code the Tooth Fairy will know it is fake. So they let the advertisement run as it is, and Graham organizes an interview with Lounds, during which he gives a false and derogatory profile of the Tooth Fairy to incite him. After a sting operation fails to catch the killer, Lounds is kidnapped by the Tooth Fairy . Waking in the killer\'s home, he is shown a slideshow of William Blake\'s The Great Red Dragon paintings, along with the Tooth Fairy\'s past victims and slides of a family the killer identifies as his next targets. Lounds is forced to tape-record a statement before being set on fire in a wheelchair and killed, his flaming body rolled into the parking garage of the National Tattler as a warning. Graham is told by Crawford that they have cracked Lecktor\'s coded message to the Tooth Fairy—it is Graham\'s home address with an instruction to kill the family. Graham rushes home to find his family safe but terrified. After the FBI moves Graham\'s family to a safehouse, he tries to explain to his son Kevin why he had retired previously. At his job in a St. Louis film lab, Francis Dollarhyde—The Tooth Fairy—approaches a blind co-worker, Reba McClane , and ends up offering her a lift. They go to Dollarhyde\'s home, where Reba is oblivious to the fact that Dollarhyde is watching home-movie footage of his planned next victim. She kisses him and they make love. Dollarhyde is confused by this newfound relationship, though it helps suppress his bloodlust. Just as Graham comes to realize how much the Tooth Fairy\'s desire for acceptance factors into the murders, Dollarhyde watches as Reba is escorted home by another co-worker. Mistakenly believing them to be kissing, Dollarhyde murders the man and abducts Reba. When she calls him Francis, he tells her "Francis is gone. Forever." Desperately trying to figure out a connection between the murdered families, Graham realizes that someone must have seen their home movies. He and Crawford deduce where the films were processed. They identify the lab in St. Louis and fly there immediately. Dollarhyde has been casing the victims\' homes through home movies, enabling him to prepare for the break-ins in extreme detail. Graham determines which employee has seen these films and obtains Dollarhyde\'s home address, to which he and Crawford travel with a police escort. At Dollarhyde\'s home Reba is terrified as he contemplates what to do with her. As he struggles to kill Reba with a piece of broken mirror glass, police teams assemble around the house. Seeing that Dollarhyde has someone inside with him, Graham lunges through a window. He is quickly subdued by Dollarhyde, who retrieves a shotgun and uses it to wound Crawford and kill two police officers. Wounded in the firefight, Dollarhyde returns to the kitchen to shoot Graham, but misses because of his injuries and is killed himself when Graham returns fire. Graham, Reba, and Crawford are tended to by paramedics before Graham returns home and retires permanently.'] ['The film opens as Vann Siegert  decides to turn left onto a road, striking out on a new path in life. His first stop is a bar, where he meets Casper . They leave the bar together in his truck. Casper asks Vann to pull over at a rest stop to get high. After she shoots up, she balances her syringe on the open glove box, noticing a flask. She asks what is in it, and Vann answers that it is full of amaretto. After drinking it, she passes out. Vann carries her body into the bathroom and arranges it to look as if she overdosed. While sleeping on the beach in his truck, Vann is awakened by a cop who tells him he has to get a room somewhere. The next day, he arrives at the home of Doug and Jane Durwin ([[Brian Cox . He rents out the room of their missing daughter. Doug recommends he look for work at the post office, as they are hiring seasonal help for Christmas. As he is tidying up, Vann passes out and daydreams that he is digging a grave. Detectives Blair and Graves  stand over him, asking taunting questions about his methods. Throughout the film, Vann has imaginary conversations/psychotic breaks with reality with the two detectives. Vann is shown retrieving a kit from under his car. It contains a poison, which he places in the flask and then fills with amaretto. Doug takes Vann to a high school football game, where he meets a star athlete and his family. A few days later, Vann offers the boy a ride and murders him, burying his body on a beach. He explains in one of the many voice overs about his methods, that he never plans out his murders and he never commits any violence. His victims just go to sleep and do not wake up. Vann also reveals that the murder of the footballer broke two of his personal rules: Don\'t kill anyone you know, and don\'t kill anyone from your town. Vann helps the town search for the missing athlete and even attends his memorial service. His ties to the community grow as he is given more responsibility at the post office. One of his co-workers, Ferrin , sheepishly pursues him. Doug drives Ferrin to the beach. The pair exchange an awkward hug, which betrays the difficulties Vann has with physical intimacy, despite his warm and outgoing personality with everyone he meets. The embrace occurs directly over the spot where Vann buried the high school footballer. On Christmas Day, Vann goes to a diner and chooses another victim . She invites him to her home, where he sees that she is a painter. Something about her work disturbs him and he flees. Vann returns to the diner and slips poison into the water of a man  eating alone. An autopsy reveals that the death was the result of a rare poison derived from tree bark fungus found in Oregon. The poison is then linked with the murder of Casper. The young athlete\'s body is found and also linked to the same poison. Vann knows that the police will eventually tie the murders to him. While looking in the mirror, he pulls hairs off his jacket and puts them in an envelope on which he writes \'FERRiN\'. Jane is found dead by a blow to the back of the head. The police suspect Doug, but Vann is worried that the increased scrutiny from another murder will lead the police to him. During a date with Ferrin, he tries to initiate sex by beating her. She is terrified, and Vann is mortified. The next day, Vann is seen playing the piano – the tune "Ain\'t We Got Fun" – and Doug starts singing and dancing around the room. The police arrive and arrest Doug for the murder of Jane. Vann packs his things. Before he leaves town, he puts his postal uniform and the envelope with Ferrin\'s hair sample in a mailbox. The film ends as he drives on the highway, pursued by the same cop who stopped him on the beach. After taking a good look with her spotlight, she smiles at him and takes the right fork in the road while Vann takes the left. In a voice-over monologue prior to this scene, Vann vows to stop killing whenever he gets where he is going. However, Vann explains that he does not know where he is going.'] ["{{POV}} After a bank robbery gone wrong, three brothers, on the run from the law, head for home, hoping their mother  can provide them with a getaway. The youngest brother, Johnny , has been shot and their back-stabbing former partner has gotten away with all the cash. But when the brothers get home, they find that all their stuff is gone and Mother is nowhere to be found. She lost the house months ago in a foreclosure. The new owners, Beth and Daniel Sohapi  and their guests, gathered for an ill-timed birthday party, become the brothers' unwitting hostages. Not long after, Mother arrives, along with the boys' sister Lydia , and it soon becomes clear that Mother will do absolutely anything to protect her children. In one terrifying evening, she brilliantly takes control of the situation and masterminds her sons' escape from the law. Sides will be taken, secrets revealed, and sins punished as the hostages struggle to survive."] [" When rock star Johnny Boz  is viciously stabbed to death with an ice pick during sex by a mysterious blonde woman, homicide detective Nick Curran  is sent to investigate. The only suspect is Catherine Tramell , a crime novelist who was the last person to be seen with Boz on the night he died. Nick and his partner, Gus Moran , visit her Pacific Heights mansion, but they find only Catherine's lesbian lover, Roxy , who sends them to Catherine's Stinson Beach house. When they ask Catherine about her relationship with Boz, she shows little emotion at hearing he is dead. Nick and Gus, along with their superiors, discover that Catherine has written a novel about a former rock star who was killed in the same way as Boz . During questioning by detectives, including Nick, at police headquarters, Catherine engages in provocative behavior, refuses to extinguish her cigarette, and re-crosses her legs — her short skirt revealing that she is not wearing underwear. Nick, who accidentally shot two tourists while high on cocaine, attends counseling sessions with police psychologist Dr. Beth Garner , with whom he has had an affair. After the interrogation, Nick goes to a bar with co-workers and is taunted by Lieutenant Marty Nilsen , an internal affairs investigator bent on making life difficult for Nick. When Beth arrives, Nick leaves with her, and has aggressive sex with her in his apartment. Nick learns that Catherine has a troubled history: Her parents were killed in a boating accident when she was an adolescent, leaving her a fortune; one of her college counselors, Noah Goldstein, was stabbed in his sleep with an ice pick when Catherine was attending UC Berkeley, and her former fiancé, boxer Manny Vasquez, was killed in the ring during a prize fight in Atlantic City. He also discovers that Catherine makes a habit of befriending murderers, including Hazel Dobkins, a woman who stabbed her husband and children for no apparent reason. During a visit to her house, Catherine taunts Nick with information that should be confidential. As a police psychologist, Beth is the only person with access to that information. When Nick confronts Beth, she admits that she handed his file to Nilsen, who threatened to discharge Nick if he could not evaluate him directly. An enraged Nick storms into Nilsen's office, assaults him, and accuses him of having sold Nick's file to Catherine. Nilsen then suspends Nick, who goes home and spends the evening drinking. Beth visits him, but after a heated argument, he throws her out. Later that night, Nilsen is found dead in his car, shot once in the head with a .38 caliber revolver. Because of their recent altercation, Nick is the prime suspect. A torrid affair between Nick and Catherine begins with the air of a cat-and-mouse game. Catherine explains that she will base her next novel's character — a cop falling for the wrong woman only to be killed by her — on Nick, while at the same time he declares his love for her and his unchanged intention to nail her for Boz's murder. A jealous Roxy tries to run Nick over with Catherine's car, but after a car chase she is killed in a crash. Her death reveals that she too has a murderous past — she killed her two brothers with a razor when she was a teenager . After Roxy's death, Catherine seems genuinely saddened, and Nick begins to doubt her guilt. Catherine later reveals that a previous lesbian encounter at college went awry when the girl, Lisa Hoberman, became obsessed with her. Nick identifies the girl as Beth Garner, who acknowledges the encounter but claims it was Catherine who became obsessed. It is also discovered that Beth's husband was killed in an unsolved drive-by shooting, shot with a .38 caliber revolver. Nick visits Catherine's house. Before Catherine comes into the room he sees on a printer the final pages of Catherine's new detective book. He quickly reads a few lines, in which the fictional detective finds his partner lying dead with his legs protruding from the doors of an elevator. Catherine comes in and explains that she has finished her book, and coldly ends the affair. Upset, Nick meets Gus, who has arranged to meet with Catherine's college roommate at a hotel to find out what really went on between Catherine and Beth. As Nick waits in the car, Gus enters the hotel elevator. As he exits the elevator a hooded figure jumps out and stabs him multiple times in the neck with an ice pick. Nick figures out there is trouble brewing and runs into the building, but he arrives too late to save Gus and finds him lying dead with his legs protruding from the doors of the elevator. Hearing the floor creak, Nick grabs Gus' gun and turns to find Beth standing in the hallway, explaining she received a message to meet Gus there. However, Nick suspects that she murdered Gus, and as Beth moves her hand in her pocket, he shoots her. With her final breath, Beth tells Nick that she loved him. A dejected Nick checks her pocket, only to find her keys. The police arrive, and in a staircase discover a blond wig, an SFPD raincoat, and an ice pick, the weapon used to murder Gus, concluding that Beth ditched the items when she heard Nick coming up. A search of Beth's apartment turns up the evidence needed to brand her as the killer of Boz, Gus, Nilsen, and presumably her own husband—the matching revolver, Catherine's novels, and photos chronicling the writer's life. At police headquarters, all the other detectives quickly piece together the story and conclude that Beth was the killer. Nick sits on his desk, confused and dejected, knowing based on Catherine's foreknowledge of the manner of Gus' death that she must actually have been the killer, and that she must have set Beth up. Nick returns to his apartment where he is met by Catherine, knowing she's the killer. She explains her reluctance to commit to him, but then the two make love. Afterward, the conversation turns toward their possible future as a couple. Nick looks wary of her, knowing that Catherine must be the killer. While talking, Nick turns his back on Catherine as she slowly reaches for something underneath the bed. He suggests their future will comprise sex and children. Catherine says she hates children and Nick then suggests their future will then just involve sex. At this, Catherine stops reaching for something under the bed, and she throws her arms around Nick, convincing him, and the two resume making love as the camera slowly pans down to show what she was reaching for under the bed: an ice pick. It implies that Catherine is the killer, and she also plans to kill Nick."] ['Samuel Bicke is portrayed as an individual who wants the world to function according to honor and merit, yet he\'s often paranoid and dishonest, and he gets flustered and angry when things don\'t go according to his plans. He clearly wants to reconcile with his estranged wife Marie but cannot accept that she\'s moved on without him. He states that he stopped working for his brother because he perceives that his brother forced him to lie in his job, yet he lies about his marital status to get employment. He attempts to join the Black Panthers, as he believes that discrimination affects poor white people just as much as it does blacks, but his explanations for that fact don\'t impress the local Panther leadership. While out drinking with his new employer at an office furniture sales office, the employer describes Richard Nixon as the greatest salesman in history, because his election promise in 1968 was to exit the Vietnam War, yet he massively increased troop numbers and won an easy re-election in 1972 on a promise of ending the same war. His employer is condescending towards him and gives him patronizing advice, while his lack of social skills and scattershot morality make him an abysmal salesman. Throughout the film he becomes increasingly disillusioned with friends, family, his status in society, the lot of the those who are employed and his job in particular. He decides to set up a mobile tire sales business so that he will no longer be employed by others, and applies for a government loan to set up the business. Bicke then suffers several setbacks in short succession. His sales figures continue to deteriorate, and during a clumsy attempt to hit on a customer he reveals that, despite what he has told his employer, he is in fact separated, which his colleague hears and passes on to the boss. He then desperately tries to get Marie to join him for a company event, but she refuses to keep up a "charade" and asks him why he needs her there if his sales are as good as he has told her about. He then gets a letter from Marie saying she has filed for divorce, and when he reaches her by telephone she tells him to get a life and hangs up on him, leaving him to weep in despair. Shortly afterwards, he deliberately tanks a sale and quits, with his boss seeming relieved that he\'ll be gone, and begins ranting when he sees President Nixon giving a speech on TV, repeatedly screaming "It\'s about MONEY, DICK!!!". He decides that as he is certain to receive his loan he can order his tires now and start the business, and breaks into his brother\'s tire sales business to make a large order, to be delivered to his best friend and prospective business partner, Bonny. However, the loan is rejected and Bicke comes home one night to find a notice on his door that his rent is past due, and his brother, Julius, waiting in his flat. Julius reveals that the vendor became suspicious and contacted police, and Bonny was arrested for receiving stolen goods, which Bicke pathetically tries to say is due to racism against the African-American Bonny. Julius has bailed Bonny out and smoothed things over with the police, but says that he wants nothing more to do with Bicke, and will have him arrested if he ever does anything similar. With nothing and no one left in his life that he cares about, Bicke begins obsessing about Nixon. One night, after he watches a news story about a helicopter pilot who did a fly-by around the White House and got arrested, he begins putting together a plan to hijack a passenger airliner himself and crash it into the White House. Bicke closes his bank account, steals a gun from Bonny which he conceals on his leg, heads to a restaurant where his old boss and colleague are dining. He sarcastically thanks the boss for showing him that being a good man and a good salesperson aren\'t the same thing, and aims the gun at him under the table, but can\'t bring himself to pull the trigger and flees. He goes to his and Marie\'s old house; he sleeps in the deserted, mostly barren home before he shoots and kills the family dog. The next morning, he goes to the Baltimore-Washington International Airport. He buys a ticket and waits in line to board his flight. Seeing the security procedures, he has a last minute change of plan and rushes on board the airplane, shooting indiscriminately as he goes. Once on board he seems to have little idea of what he is doing. He shoots one pilot in the head and the other in the shoulder, and finds a passenger to act as co-pilot. However, he is shot through the window in the plane\'s door. While the authorities close in on the plane, he commits suicide. The day\'s events are shown on TV, but as the film ends, his ex-wife and former best friend have no reaction to the mention of Bicke\'s name. Bicke then runs around his apartment with a toy plane and heads straight into the camera as the screen cuts to black. The film ends with a title card that says even if Bicke had succeeded at hijacking the plane, his plan would have failed because Nixon wasn\'t in the White House that day.'] ["Paul Armstrong , a liberal Harvard professor opposed to capital punishment, is persuaded to go to Florida, to investigate the conviction of Bobby Earl Ferguson  for murder. Ferguson, a former Cornell University student, is a highly intelligent, charming, and articulate black man who was convicted of raping and murdering a young white girl. Armstrong must save him from being placed in the electric chair. Ferguson tells Armstrong that he was tortured by a racist police detective to get a confession. As Armstrong digs deeper into the case, he discovers that Tanny Brown , the chief detective on the case, did indeed coerce Ferguson's confession. The plot thickens when Ferguson tells the professor that the murder was actually committed by Blair Sullivan , a serial killer awaiting execution, who later reveals the location of the weapon used to kill the girl. When Armstrong discovers the weapon, Brown tries to threaten him into abandoning the investigation.  Ferguson gets a re-trial and is freed from prison. Armstrong then receives a call from Sullivan, who asks him to visit his parents. Armstrong is shocked to find the butchered bodies of Sullivan's parents, and returns demanding an explanation. Sullivan gloats that he and Ferguson struck a deal: Ferguson would kill Sullivan's parents in exchange for freedom, while Sullivan would claim responsibility for the girl's murder. It turns out that Ferguson committed the crime for which he was imprisoned, and used Armstrong to release him from death row. Armstrong and Brown go after Ferguson, who desires revenge on Armstrong's wife ; she was the prosecutor in a previous rape trial which, while thrown out of court, resulted in him being brutalized and castrated in jail, as well as being kicked out of Cornell, robbing him of any chance of a future. Ferguson plans to murder Armstrong's wife and daughter  and then feed them to alligators, but Armstrong and Brown come to the rescue. They kill Ferguson and save Armstrong's family."] ['Set in 1969, Alan Parker  is a young artist, studying at the University of Maine. He becomes obsessed with death, and believing he is losing his girlfriend, Jessica , he tries to commit suicide on his birthday. His friends surprise him and he cuts himself sending him to the hospital. He eventually recovers and decides to go with them to a John Lennon concert. Before leaving he receives news that his mother, Jean , is in the hospital because of a stroke and is near death. Alan decides to hitchhike to reach the hospital before his only relative dies. On his way there, he has multiple strange encounters with the living and dead. The film ends when Alan, now in his 40\'s, tells the audience that his mother died of a heart attack while watching television. He married his girlfriend Jessica, but it only lasted four years. He never made it as an artist, but he does go to the theme park every summer in memory of his mother. While walking from the park, a person that looks like his friend George Staub offers him a ride, but he refuses. He tells him to "take your button and get outta here."'] ["Diijon, a tired magician, gives up his act to study the power of the mind. His wife Victoria, once supportive, now is struggling to pay bills. She urges her stubborn and older husband to return to the magic field where Diijon was considered one of the greats. He refuses but does reluctantly agree to do a hypnotism nightclub act at Victoria's urging. The act goes bad and he's laughed off the stage. He's convinced this is the handiwork of Victoria's ex-lover Tony Holliday. Later, Diijon finds that he does indeed have the power to control men's minds and begins to take revenge on the people he felt made him look like a fool. He hypnotizes his young wife to kill the man. Unfortunately for Diijon, things go horribly wrong. The opening of the film features a memorable scene depicting a woman being beheaded, with a guillotine--then revealed to be a man."] ["{{Plot}} The film opens with a dispassionate sex scene as Michael and Madeline attempt to conceive. It is soon apparent that they have succeeded. Michael's parents arrive for dinner: a vegan meal prepared by a now visibly pregnant Madeline. Michael's domineering mother Vivian grimaces at the food and suggests - in a passive aggressive fashion - that a more conventional diet would be healthier for the unborn baby. The conversation turns to the couple's unsuccessful search for a suitable obstetrician. Madeline has rejected Vivian's preferred doctor and friend, Dr. Sohn. Instead she has decided to consult Patricia, her old friend and midwife at an independent clinic. Vivian does not hide her disapproval. Though Michael is also skeptical, the couple visit the clinic for a tour. They meet with Patricia, who describes her natural approach to birthing. Madeline reveals that she and Michael have conceived twice before, but both pregnancies were unsuccessful. One night Michael rushes Madeline to the hospital because of chest pain. Dr. Sohn arrives at Vivian's request. Just before he administers drugs to induce labor, Patricia arrives. She challenges his diagnosis and determines through blood work  that inducement is not necessary. Madeline is treated and later released. On the way home from the hospital, a car accident kills both Michael and the unborn baby. Madeline refuses to go to the hospital to have the dead fetus removed. Patricia allows Madeline to carry the dead fetus to term and some weeks later the baby is delivered in Patricia's birthing tub. Madeline is left alone with the stillborn baby and pleads for her to live. Patricia returns to reason with Madeline, to find the baby miraculously alive. Overjoyed, Madeline names the baby Grace. Patricia later visits Madeline at home. She encourages Madeline to take Grace to the hospital for tests to help understand how she revived. Citing her recent experience with Dr. Sohn, Madeline refuses any involvement with conventional medicine. When Patricia reaches out to stroke Madeline's face, Madeline rebuffs her. Patricia leaves, visibly upset. As Madeline cares for Grace she tries to ignore strange happenings that occur. She resorts to hanging fly paper in the nursery because Grace is attracting then. She is unable to rid the house of a putrid smell and soon realizes that Grace is the source, though her diaper is not soiled. She decides to bathe her, but Grace's skin begins to bleed in the bath water. Madeline tries to contact Patricia for help, but can only reach the clinic's answering machine and Patricia's jealous girlfriend, who does not pass on her messages. After attempts at feeding Grace end with vomiting, Madeline realizes that the baby is unable to digest breast milk. Vivian, who has a pathological relationship with her husband, wants to visit the baby and attempts to call Madeline on the phone, but she will not answer. She visits Dr. Sohn and convinces him to visit Madeline while looking to collect proof that she is an unfit mother. She intends to have Madeline arrested and raise Grace herself. Madeline discovers that Grace's nursing is painful to the point of causing her breast to bleed. She soon realizes that the child is actually feeding on her blood. She buys raw beef, drains the blood, and is able to get Grace to drink it from a bottle. While disposing of the leftover meat outside, she almost catches Patricia spying on her from her car. She returns indoors to find Grace vomiting up the cow's blood, leaving Madeline no choice but to continue to feed Grace from her own bleeding breast. Each feeding becomes more gruesome and Madeline begins to become dangerously weak. She is so sick and distraught that she allows Dr. Sohn into her home when he calls on her. He examines her, explains that she is anemic, and instructs her to refrain from nursing for a few days. After hearing Grace cry weakly, he starts upstairs, while dialing Vivian's number on his cell phone. Fearing that he will take Grace away from her, Madeline beats Dr. Sohn unconscious, but not before his call connects. Vivian arrives just as Madeline finishes draining blood from Dr. Sohn's arm into a baby bottle. Vivian notices the unkempt state of the house and suspiciously remarks at Madeline's sick appearance. She agrees to leave, but instead sneaks upstairs. She finds Grace in her crib, and the bottle of Dr. Sohn's blood broken on the floor. Madeline hears her and climbs the stairs, but Vivian is able to grab Grace and sneak into the bathroom. While seeking a place to hide she discovers Dr. Sohn's body. She arms herself with a hammer she brought along and sneaks down the stairs with Grace. Madeline confronts her, and the two fight. Vivian beats Madeline unconscious with the hammer, but not before Madeline rips out part of her throat with her teeth. They are discovered by Patricia, who realized her girlfriend was withholding Madeline's messages and decided to investigate. Some time later, Patricia is driving a motor home through the desert. She pulls over and goes to the back to check on Madeline and Grace. Both women have changed their hair or donned wigs. Patricia asserts that medical tests have confirmed Grace is as healthy as she looks. As long as Madeline keeps eating the proper diet, they can continue feeding and raising Grace. Madeline is concerned about something else, however: Grace has begun teething. She pulls up her shirt to reveal that a large chunk of her breast has been chewed away."] ["After taking a ferry to England and beginning a hopeless search to find the lawnmower factory in Birmingham where she believes Johnny now works, Felicia encounters an older man, Joseph Hilditch , a catering manager at a factory, who is also the son of Gala , an eccentric TV chef who enjoyed fame in past decades. Hilditch regularly watches the old programmes of his presumably-deceased mother while he cooks her recipes, and collects material about his mother. Hilditch offers to help Felicia, however, his motives for doing so are initially unclear, and it is subsequently suggested through flashback sequences that he has in the past befriended but then turned on vulnerable young women. He refers Felicia to a Bed and Breakfast and offers to drive her to a factory that he suggests could be the one she is looking for, which is on the way to the hospital where the unmarried Hilditch claims he is going to visit his wife. Felicia fails to find Johnny at the factory, but while she is out of the car, Hilditch goes through her bags and steals her money. Subsequently Felicia comes across a Jamaican Christian witnessee who offers Felicia a free overnight stay at a church home. While staying at the hostel, Felicia discovers that her money has gone, and after appearing to accuse others at the home of stealing the money, flees the hostel for Hilditch's house. Hilditch has meanwhile discovered Johnny's whereabouts, in the barracks where he is still serving with the army, but does not disclose this to Felicia. He does however tell her that his wife has died, and that she suggested that Felicia abort her unborn child. After the abortion, which Hilditch pays for, he takes her back to his house and gives her an overdose of sleeping pills. While digging out in his garden, the Jamaican Christian parishioner and a new convert enter his yard and begin to preach about Jesus. Hilditch feels flashes of guilt and confesses that he did, in fact, steal and cheat Felicia. Upstairs in the house, Felicia awakens from her sleep and struggles down the stairs. Hilditch finds her trying to escape the house, but allows her to leave. He then walks to his kitchen, where he hangs himself from a clothes line."] ['In Edinburgh in 1831, one year before the Anatomy Act was passed, a surgeon  hires a cabman  to dig up graves to provide him with fresh corpses for dissection &ndash; but the body provider turns to murder to get new corpses for the doctor.'] ['The film opens with Jack Stanfield  leaving his house, loving wife Beth  and two children, to his job at Landrock Pacific Bank in downtown Seattle. The day goes smoothly until Jack is visited by a collection agency, claiming that he owes $95,000 in debts to their online gambling site. He trusts a colleague to take care of it  and goes out for dinner with colleague Harry Romano  and potential employer, Bill Cox . After the meal, Harry leaves in a taxi and Jack gets in his car. Unexpectedly, Bill follows him into the back seat. Cox then goes on to tell Jack that his family is being held hostage at their home to ensure Jack\'s cooperation. He then points a gun to Jack\'s head and forces him to drive home. Upon their arrival, Jack sees that, although his family is unharmed, they are under heavy watch by Bill\'s henchmen. Jack is not told what to do until the next morning, when he is told that he must give Bill $10,000 each from the bank\'s 10,000 largest depositors . He is outfitted with audio and video devices in the form of a pen and a body microphone, making any intentions to resist useless. Once at work, Bill makes a surprise visit, reintroducing himself as Bill Redmond. Next, Jack gives him a tour of the facilities and security system. On the way back home, Jack attempts to bribe Willy, a henchman, into betraying the criminal, yet this only results in Bill killing Willy. The Stanfields attempt an escape, but the plan fails just barely. In retaliation, Bill tricks the Stanfields\' son Andy with a cookie containing nut products. Because he\'s allergic, Andy goes into anaphylactic shock. Bill withholds the treatment , until Jack acquiesces to their plan. The next day, Bill forces Jack to fire his secretary Janet Stone  fearing she is growing suspicious. Jack downloads the files for the $100 million onto his daughter Sarah\'s iPod mini hard drive and then initiates a wire transfer to send the money to Bill\'s offshore accounts. Before leaving, Jack uses an employee\'s camera phone to take a picture of the account information on the screen. Bill then sets about wiping his tracks clean, deleting security data and surveillance tapes and using a virus to put the network on the entire building into disarray, setting Jack up to take the fall for the embezzlement. Returning home, Jack finds the house empty except for Liam, one of Bill\'s men. Realizing Liam is still around for no reason other than to kill him, Jack turns to survival instinct; he pushes Liam over a chair, grabs a heavy glass blender, and viciously beats him in the head with three blows, killing him. He then tries to call Harry using Liam\'s unmonitored cell phone but cannot reach his friend. Instead, he sneaks into Harry\'s apartment to wait for his friend\'s return. Both Bill and Harry enter. The criminal suddenly shoots Harry from behind, using the gun he had earlier confiscated from Jack. Because of this, along with a message planted on Harry\'s answering machine by Beth as she is held at gunpoint, it appears that Jack killed Harry in a jealous rage over Beth. Jack runs to the only ally he has left: his "fired" secretary Janet. He asks her for help, and she provides him with transportation to a late-night branch of the bank at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport. There, he uses the picture from the phone he took earlier to get access to Bill\'s account and calls him. Jack tells him that there’s been a change of plans: he has hacked into his Cayman Island accounts and is stripping five accounts, $20,000,000 apiece. Bill tries forcing Jack to put the money back, but it is a futile threat. Jack informs the criminal that he will get his money when he gets his family. Next, Jack tells Bill that he will call him when the banks open to make the exchange before hanging up on him. During the conversation, Jack hears the family dog, Rusty in the background, and realizes that the family can be located and followed by the GPS tracking unit in Rusty\'s collar. This leads him and Janet to an abandoned house. He leaves Janet on the road to call the police. Bill shoots one of his henchmen  who had compassion for the hostages and removed the Stanfields\' tape gags after Andy began to suffocate. Another henchman, Pim , chases after Sarah, Jack runs into Pim with Janet\'s car, hurling him into an RV, which then explodes, burning the RV, killing him and destroying Janet\'s car. Bill, seeing that the tide is turning against him, panics and takes Beth and Andy to the upper level of the house. Jack scales the side of the house, destroys a window and comes to rescue his wife and son, tackling Cox to the floor and forcing him to a final showdown. After a long and grueling struggle with Cox, Jack finally gains the upper hand, impaling him through the back with a pickaxe, and winning his family\'s freedom.'] ["Tim, a boy with autism, has supposedly witnessed his parents' double murder. Jake, a former child psychiatrist turned therapist, is called on to probe the child's mind in order to solve the case. The psychological drama is provided by the fact that not even Jake can entice Tim to communicate what he has or has not seen regarding the crime. Tim's sister, Sylvie, is protective of him. She eventually warms to Jake's efforts, but discovers that he was implicated in the suicide of a young child who was under his care."] ['A sadistic serial killer Patrick Channing , known by most as the Pentagram Killer, is at large in Los Angeles, killing innocent people as a sacrifice to Satan. His specific MO is engraving a pentagram symbol into the flesh of his victims before killing them. Detective Russell Logan  is determined to bring the Pentagram Killer to justice. He receives an anonymous phone call from a psychic called Tess Seaton  who can "sense" where the killer is going to strike next. With time running out for the next victim Logan decides to take Tess on her word. Logan goes on a stakeout and successfully tracks down Channing\'s lair. During a struggle in which Logan apprehends Channing, Logan receives a severe stab wound to his torso. Logan manages to recover from his stomach injury and Channing is turned over to the death penalty authorities. Tess makes another phone call to Logan pleading with him that Channing must not be executed. Logan, who is satisfied that Channing is now caught and cannot harm another person, is not interested in sparing the serial killer from what he believes is a much deserved fate. Channing is later convicted and sentenced to be killed in the gas chamber. However, since Channing was a worshipper of Satan, Satan seemingly grants Channing The First Power -- resurrection. This is the first of three special powers Channing is attempting to gain, and is directly stated in the movie that Jesus Christ also possessed all three of these powers. Channing returns from beyond the grave and is able to appear or disappear at will, as well as possess others. His main objective now becomes to get his revenge on Russell Logan as well as continue his work. Logan must then team up with Tess in order to find a way to defeat Channing once and for all.  {| class="wikitable" |- ! Actor / Actress ! Character |- | Lou Diamond Phillips | Russell Logan |- | Mykelti Williamson  | Det. Oliver Franklin |- | Jeff Kober | Patrick Channing |- | Dennis Lipscomb | Cmdr. Perkns |- | Carmen Argenziano | Lt. Grimes |- | Clayton Landey | Mazza |- | Tracy Griffith | Tess Seaton |- | Sue Giosa | Carmen |- | Oz Tortora | Antonio |- | Dan Tullis Jr. | Cop at Arrest |- | Hansford Rowe | Father Brian |- | Grand L. Bush | Reservoir Worker |- | Bill Moseley | Bartender |- | David Gale | Monsignor |- | Philip Abbott | Cardinal |}'] ['Nicholas Van Orton  is a successful and extremely wealthy investment banker, but his success has come at the cost of his personal life. He is estranged from both his ex-wife and his only brother. He remains haunted from having seen his father commit suicide on the latter\'s 48th birthday. On his own 48th birthday, Conrad , Nicholas\' rebellious younger brother, presents Nicholas with an unusual gift—a voucher for a "game" offered by a company called Consumer Recreation Services . Conrad promises that it will change Nick\'s life. Nicholas has doubts about the gift and delays calling CRS. A chance encounter with fellow club members who enjoyed the Game changes Nicholas\' mind. He goes to the organization\'s offices to apply and is irritated by the lengthy and time-consuming series of psychological and physical examinations required. He is later informed that his application has been rejected. This is a ruse however: the Game has already begun. Starting with the merely invasive and rapidly escalating to the potentially criminal, Nicholas believes that his business, reputation, finances, and safety are at risk. He encounters a waitress, Christine , who appears to have been caught up in the game and also comes under risk. Nicholas contacts the police to investigate CRS, but they find the offices abandoned. Eventually, Conrad appears to Nicholas and apologizes for the Game claiming that he too has come under attack by CRS. With no one else to turn to, Nicholas finds Christine\'s home. He soon discovers that she is a CRS employee and that her apartment has simply been staged to look like a real apartment. Christine tells Nicholas that they are being watched. Nicholas attacks a camera, and armed CRS troops begin to swarm the house and fire upon them. Nicholas and Christine are forced to flee. Nicholas realizes that CRS has drained his financial accounts, and he is now broke. Christine tells him that some of his closest associates are part of the Game. Just as he begins to trust Christine, he realizes she has drugged him, and he falls unconscious. Nicholas wakes up to find himself entombed in a cemetery in Mexico. He is forced to sell his gold watch to return to the United States. Upon his return, he finds that his mansion has been ransacked and vandalized by CRS. He retrieves a hidden gun, and seeks the aid of his estranged wife. While talking with her and apologizing for his neglect and mistreatment of her, he discovers that Jim Feingold , the CRS employee who had conducted his psychological test, is an actor who works in television advertisements. He locates Feingold and forces him to take Nicholas to CRS, where he takes Christine hostage. He demands to be taken to the leader of the organization. Attacked by CRS troops, Nicholas takes Christine to the roof and bars the door behind them. The CRS troops begin cutting through the door. Christine realizes that Nicholas\' gun is not a prop and is terrified. She frantically tells Nicholas that the conspiracy is a hoax, a fiction that is just part of the Game, that his finances are intact and that his family and friends are waiting on the other side of the door. He refuses to believe her. The door bursts open, and Nicholas shoots the first person to emerge: his brother Conrad, bearing an open bottle of champagne. Distraught, Nicholas leaps off the roof, just as his late father did. Nicholas\' life passes before his eyes as he falls. He smashes through a glass roof and lands on a giant air bag. Emergency medical technicians carefully remove him, warning him to keep his eyes closed until they remove the fragments of breakaway glass. Nicholas finds he is in a ballroom full of his friends, family, and every figure involved in his Game; it had been just a game all along. Conrad is alive and well, and explains that he initiated the game to get his brother to embrace life and not end up like their father. Nicholas breaks into tears, relaxes, and begins to enjoy the party once his shock has dissipated. Later, Nicholas splits the bill for the game with Conrad . When he sees that Christine has left the party, he follows her outside to her cab. He asks her to dinner, and she offers to enjoy a private coffee with him now before her flight takes her to her next Game assignment.'] ['The film opens with fast-talking businessman and diamond dealer Kyle Miller  speaking to a client over the phone as he returns to his lavish mansion home, his wife Sarah  and his teenage daughter Avery . Despite the charming facade, it is immediately clear that the family is dysfunctional and emotionally distant: Avery disrespects her parents and, despite being forbidden to do so, sneaks out of the house to go to a party with her friend Kendra. Sarah appears bored with life as a housewife and yearns for more in her marriage while Kyle seems to harbor a hidden aversion towards his wife. Just as Kyle is about to leave for a business transaction, the house is suddenly invaded by a gang of robbers masquerading as police. The thieves, consisting of leader Elias , his stripper girlfriend Petal , his younger brother Jonah , and a large intimidating man named Ty , tell Kyle and Sarah that they have been spying on them for some time and are aware of the large amounts of cash and diamonds hidden in their home. They demand Kyle to open a safe hidden in the wall but, despite a threat to utilize a syringe containing lethal injection chemicals, he defiantly refuses, believing that he and Sarah would be killed if he simply gave into their demands. Sarah, meanwhile, recognizes Jonah through his mask. Through a series of Jonah\'s flashbacks and a conversation with Elias, it is strongly implied that Sarah and Jonah had a previous affair when the latter was employed as a technician to install the house\'s security system. Unbeknownst to Elias, Sarah secretly steals the syringe from him during this conversation. Having left her party in disgust , Avery returns home and, after a brief chase, is also captured and taken to her parents. Elias appeals to Kyle, claiming that he needs money to pay for a kidney transplantation for his dying mother and that, if Kyle refuses to comply, he will instead take one of Avery\'s kidneys. Sarah catches Elias off-guard and holds him hostage with the syringe. Forced into a Mexican standoff, the thieves compromise by letting Avery escape in exchange for Kyle opening the safe. He does so, revealing it to be completely empty. Kyle explains that he is actually bankrupt and has no money; his house and all of his possessions were bought on loaned credit. Enraged, Elias breaks Kyle\'s hand and instead demands material compensation by taking Sarah\'s prized diamond necklace. However, Kyle reveals that this too is a fake cubic zirconia replica and is completely worthless. Ty recaptures Avery from outside and brings her back into the house. Kyle volunteers for his own kidney to be taken instead of his daughter\'s, but Elias reveals that it was a ploy and that he hated his mother, who is already dead. Ty grows impatient after receiving a phone call and commands Elias to hurry up; Kyle realizes that the burglars are themselves being coerced into committing the heist against their will. The thieves then separate the Miller family, with Kyle and Avery being tied up and guarded in the living room and Sarah being pursued by Jonah in the kitchen. Jonah states to Sarah that he still loves her and promises that she and Avery will be left unhurt. Meanwhile, Kyle uses a lighter to burn both his own and Avery\'s binds; they attempt an escape and set off the house\'s security system. Kyle ends up in a struggle with Ty, and, despite Ty\'s superior strength and fighting skills, Kyle manages to inject a portion of the syringe chemicals into his arm, causing him to fall unconscious. Thinking that Ty is dead, Elias shoots Kyle in the leg and reveals his true motives: that he is a drug dealer working for an organized crime syndicate. Shortly after being given a job to sell $180,000 worth of cocaine, Elias and Petal were carjacked at gunpoint and all of their shipments were promptly stolen. Faced with threats of retribution, Elias was then forced to commit a heist  to pay off his debt. Jonah, who had previously seen the Miller\'s residence, suggested it as a place to rob. Avery attempts to run out of the house again but is caught by Jonah. Under the threat of her parents being killed, she is forced to answer a call from the security company and successfully convinces them{{Who}} to call off the police. However a security guard  shows up nevertheless, with Sarah ordered to make him leave, but the security guard catches sight of Jonah and recognises him as a colleague, prompting Jonah to shoot him in the head. Kyle reveals to Elias that the only thing of any worth on him is his life insurance. Desperate and out of options, Elias kicks Kyle down and prepares to kill him. At the last second, Avery remembers the money she saw at the earlier party and pleads with the thieves that she can help them steal it from the party if they spare her father\'s life. Elias reluctantly agrees to the proposition and sends Petal to supervise Avery as she drives to the party house and ensure that she keeps her word . Although Avery\'s initial idea is to seduce Jake and then steal his money, she is horrified when Petal begins to deliriously proclaim that she plans to massacre all of the party guests and then take the cash. Seeing a swerving road ahead, Avery accelerates the car, unbuckles Petal\'s seat belt, and intentionally crashes into a telephone pole, incapacitating Petal and allowing Avery to handcuff Petal to the steering wheel. Back at the Miller home, Sarah learns that Kyle had discovered a picture of her kissing Jonah from security footage and was suspicious for some time that she had been unfaithful. Sarah, however, insists that she is innocent and only loves Kyle: the same flashback is now shown from her perspective, revealing that Jonah is in fact mentally ill  and that the supposed love affair between him and Sarah was all in his head. The "kiss" had occurred to Sarah\'s complete surprise and against her will. At this point, Ty reawakens from his stupor and attacks Sarah. Enraged, Jonah tackles Ty and the two fight. Just as Ty is about to strangle Jonah to death, Elias shoots him in the back for trying to kill his brother. However, in his dying breath, Ty reveals to Elias that he had been set up all along: the "robbers" stealing his cocaine shipment were actually fellow members of the same crime organization and the operation was done in order to blackmail him into stealing more money for them. More damningly, Ty also claims that Jonah had masterminded the entire plan so he could have an excuse to return to the Miller residence and profess his love to Sarah. Elias is shocked by the allegations but refuses to believe them. Through the chaos, Sarah and a wounded Kyle escape to the tool shed behind the house and are pursued by Elias and Jonah. After a brief fight, the thieves discover a large amount of money hidden inside the shed; Kyle reveals that he had sold Sarah\'s real diamond necklace and was saving the money as a nest egg for his family. As Elias and Jonah begin to collect the cash, Avery appears  and points a gun at them. Elias calls her bluff and aims his gun at Sarah but he is shot and killed by Jonah for this. Jonah tries again to convince Sarah that she belongs with him but she rebuffs his offers, calling him insane. In an attempt to sacrifice himself, Kyle tells his wife and daughter to run while setting the money in the tool shed on fire. He also shoots Jonah\'s foot with a nail gun, trapping him in the shed. While Avery goes to call the police, Sarah tries to help Kyle but she is grabbed in a last-ditch effort by Jonah, who is convinced that it is destiny for her to die together with him in the fire. However, Kyle then shoots him in the neck, causing him to fall and become engulfed in the flames. Sarah then carries Kyle away to safety just as the shed collapses. In the backyard, Kyle tries to tell Sarah to let him die so that she and Avery can survive on his life insurance fund but she refuses, stating that she loves him regardless of whether he has money or not. Avery runs back to her parents announcing that help is finally on the way. The three family members embrace as the real police arrive and surround the house.'] ['{{Advert}} Richard Haywood, a wealthy and popular high-schooler, secretly teams up with another rich kid in his class, brilliant nerd Justin "Bonaparte" Pendleton. His erudition, especially in forensic matters, allows them to plan elaborately perfect murders as a perverse form of entertainment. Meeting in a deserted resort, they drink absinthe, smoke, and joke around, but pretend to have an adversarial relationship while at school. Justin, in particular, behaves strangely, writing a paper about how crime is freedom and vice versa, and creating a composite photograph of himself and Richard. The young men kill a woman and set up Richard\'s marijuana supplier, janitor Ray Feathers, as a psychotic serial killer. They then incinerate all evidence. The case is assigned to Detective Cassie Mayweather and her new partner, Sam Kennedy, who just transferred from the vice squad. They work together well, and begin a romantic relationship very early on in their partnership. Footprints found at the crime scene lead to Richard Haywood, who has an alibi. Cassie becomes seemingly obsessed with the idea that Richard is guilty, and refuses to pursue the case from other angles. This displeases Captain Rod Cody and Cassie\'s vindictive ex, Assistant D.A. Al Swanson, who becomes nervous due to the clout held by Richard\'s parents. False forensic evidence planted on the body by Justin, including a baboon hair, lead police to the janitor, who keeps a baboon in his shed. The baboon attacks Cassie, causing her to be hospitalised. Meanwhile, Richard kills the janitor in a staged suicide. Sam and Cassie fall out over differences in their professional attitudes towards the investigation, and Captain Cody bans Cassie from pursuing the investigation further when she disobeys instructions. Justin is interested in his classmate Lisa Mills, and ignores Richard in order to go on a date with her. Richard sees them kissing, becomes jealous, and shows Justin a tape of Lisa having sex with Richard. This enrages Justin, who destroys the composite photo, but regains control of his emotions and remains friends with Richard. Determined to prove that Richard and Justin in fact know each other and are guilty, Cassie secretly takes pictures of them together. However, Richard sees her, and attempts to frighten her by seducing her. To protect herself, Cassie hits Richard in the face. Richard\'s father contacts Captain Cody, who decides that Cassie must see a psychiatrist. However, Sam decides that Cassie may be right, and further investigates the case. It is revealed that Cassie herself was the victim of attempted murder by her abusive ex-husband, Carl Hudson, who had been her high school sweetheart. Various flashbacks show Cassie\'s ordeal. Although she was found alive, she has scars on her chest from her wounds. Carl is in jail, and Cassie is trying to escape testifying at his upcoming parole hearing. Sam and Cassie bring Richard and Justin in for interrogation. Using the Lisa Mills incident, they try to convince the young men to confess, bribing them with a lighter sentence. Although they know that both Richard and Justin were involved in the crime, they are unsure of which of them actually killed the woman. The killer will be executed, while the accessory will serve a lighter sentence. However, neither suspect is willing to talk, and they are released. When Richard attempts to save himself by making a false "confession" to the DA, Cassie and Sam decide to arrest both Richard and Justin immediately. The two flee to the resort, but Justin first visits Lisa and admits what he did. Lisa calls the police and tells them where to find Richard and Justin. Meanwhile, Richard gives Justin a pistol, and holds one himself, stating they will both commit suicide. However, Justin discovers that Richard put bullets into Justin\'s pistol, but not into his own. Cassie arrives, and tries to arrest them. Justin surrenders, but Richard shoots Justin in the shoulder and flees upstairs. Cassie pursues Richard, who tricks her into going out onto an unstable balcony. Richard strangles Cassie, but she fights back and pushes him over the railing, and he falls to his death. But, before Cassie can get back inside, the porch breaks. Justin saves her, and she tells him that he will likely get a light sentence. When Cassie examines the strangulation marks on her neck, she realises that the marks on the dead woman\'s neck were not made by Richard. Instead of Justin\'s being manipulated by Richard, as she had previously thought, Richard was being manipulated by Justin, who was the actual killer. Cassie and Sam trick him into confessing. Now at peace with her past, Cassie agrees to testify at the parole hearing. However, it is revealed that Cassie\'s real name is Jessica Marie Hudson.'] ["A shaken survivor of a ship sunk by a submarine travels to her aunt and uncle's Louisiana plantation to recuperate, but her relatives have other ideas."] ['Clarice Starling  is pulled from her training at the FBI Academy at Quantico, Virginia, by Jack Crawford  of the Bureau\'s Behavioral Science Unit. He tasks her with interviewing Hannibal Lecter , a former psychiatrist and incarcerated cannibalistic serial killer, believing Lecter\'s insight might be useful in the pursuit of a serial killer nicknamed "Buffalo Bill" , who skins his female victims\' corpses. Starling travels to the Baltimore State Hospital for the Criminally Insane, where she is led by Dr. Frederick Chilton  to Lecter\'s solitary quarters. Although initially pleasant and courteous, Lecter grows impatient with Starling\'s attempts at "dissecting" him and rebuffs her. As she is leaving, one of the prisoners flicks semen at her. Lecter, who considers the discourtesy "unspeakably ugly", calls Starling back and tells her to seek out an old patient of his. This leads her to a storage shed where she discovers a man\'s severed head. She returns to Lecter, who tells her that the man is linked to Buffalo Bill. He offers to profile Buffalo Bill on the condition that he be transferred away from Chilton, whom he detests. When Buffalo Bill kidnaps a Senator\'s daughter, Catherine Martin, Crawford authorizes Starling to offer Lecter a fake deal promising a prison transfer if he provides information that helps find Buffalo Bill and rescue the abductee. Instead, Lecter begins a game of quid pro quo with Starling, offering comprehensive clues and insights about Buffalo Bill if Starling will give him information about her own past, something she was advised not to do. Chilton secretly records the conversation and reveals Starling\'s deal as a sham before offering to transfer Lecter in exchange for a deal of Chilton\'s own making. Lecter agrees and is flown to Memphis, Tennessee, where he reveals personal information on Buffalo Bill to federal agents. As the manhunt begins, Starling visits Lecter at his special cell in a Tennessee courthouse and confronts him with her decryption of the name he provided . Lecter refuses Starling\'s pleas for the truth and forces her to recount her traumatic childhood. She tells him how she was orphaned and relocated to a relative\'s farm, where she discovered a lamb slaughterhouse and made a failed attempt to rescue one of the lambs. Lecter gives her back the case files on Buffalo Bill after their conversation is interrupted by Chilton and the police who escort her from the building. Later that evening, Lecter kills his two guards, escapes from his cell and disappears. Starling analyzes Lecter\'s annotations to the case files and realizes that Buffalo Bill knew his first victim personally. Starling travels to the victim\'s hometown and discovers that Buffalo Bill was a tailor, with dresses and dress patterns identical to the patches of skin removed from each of his victims. She telephones Crawford to inform him that Buffalo Bill is trying to fashion a "woman suit" of real skin, but Crawford is already en route to make an arrest, having cross-referenced Lecter\'s notes with hospital archives and finding a man named Jame Gumb, who once applied unsuccessfully for a sex-change operation. Starling continues interviewing friends of Buffalo Bill\'s first victim in Ohio while Crawford leads an FBI tactical team to Gumb\'s address in Illinois. The house in Illinois is empty and Starling is led to the house of "Jack Gordon", who she realizes is actually Jame Gumb. She pursues him into his multi-room basement, where she discovers that Catherine is still alive, but trapped in a dry well. After turning off the basement lights, Gumb stalks Starling in the dark with night-vision goggles but gives his position away when he cocks his revolver; Starling turns around just in time and kills him. Some time later at her FBI Academy graduation party, Starling receives a phone call from Lecter, who is at an airport in Bimini. He assures her that he does not plan to pursue her and asks her to return the favor, which she says she cannot do. Lecter then hangs up the phone, saying that he is "having an old friend for dinner" and begins following a newly-arrived Chilton before disappearing into the crowd.'] ['Eddie Schneider  is a charismatic and successful creative director at a top advertising agency in New York. A master of communication, his pitching skills are legendary, and he never loses an account.{{Citation |urlOne Way: Synopsis |workMovie Web |accessdate"Yahoo">{{Citation}} With no support from former family and friends, Eddie finds himself in prison, facing trial with no way out. Even after he’s exposed as an obsessive adulterer in court, Eddie refuses to testify against Angelina and he looks doomed to suffer a lifelong jail sentence. In a heart-gripping climax Judy comes to Eddie’s rescue providing evidence to prove his innocence, but he has to face his inner demons.'] ["The story consists of a somewhat ratty man, in a much rattier flat. There, he seems intent - and possibly even driven to insanity -with catching the doodlebug of the film's title. However, after over two minutes of cat-and-mouse chasing, it is revealed that the bug resembles a miniature version of himself. He squashes the bug with his shoe. The audience comes to realise that every move that the doodlebug makes the man reciprocates a second later. Into this Kafkaesque situation enters a large face, that of the man; thereby making the man the doodlebug, and he proceeds to get squashed by this newer being."] ["The opening scene of the film sets the tone. Claire Marrable  is recently widowed and at the funeral, she frantically removes flowers from her husband's coffin, while eerie music plays in the background. A few days later, her husband's will is revealed by the junior partner of a law firm : her husband made bad investments and left nothing to her except a briefcase, a butterfly collection and a stamp collection. The home itself, and the furnishings in it, do not belong to Claire Marrable. Marrable goes ballistic, smashing the butterfly collection to smithereens and then tearfully frets about what lies in her future. At the lawyer's prodding, she remembers that she has a distant nephew in Arizona. Forward a few months: Marrable is comfortably ensconced in a ranch home outside Tucson, Arizona. We had seen her murder what we later understand to be one of her housekeepers/companion. She has a penchant for successfully growing pine trees, even out in the hot desert. She lives with a housekeeper, Miss Tinsley . One evening, Miss Tinsley asks Marrable for an update on the stocks she has purchased through Marrable; this upsets Marrable, who threatens immediately to sell the stocks, even at a loss, to rid herself, and the housekeeper, of the anxiety. Upon arrival of a new pine tree from a nursery, Marrable demands that Miss Tinsley go out in the cool night to help her plant the tree. When the two women arrive at the recently dug hole for the tree, Marrable claims her watch has fallen in the hole and asks Miss Tinsley to jump in the hole to retrieve it. When the housekeeper searches for the watch, Marrable grabs a shovel and whacks the housekeeper over the head, then buries her in the hole, using the pine tree as a testament to her latest conquest. We then see five pine trees, in varying size in a long shot of the garden, each in different stages of growth, suggesting this process has been repeated. Ruth Gordon as Alice Dimmock appears and wins the position of sixth companion, serving Mrs. Marrable well and to her employer's liking, but, in fact, Dimmock is investigating the disappearance of the last victim whom we learn had been Dimmock's own companion. After much intrigue and suspense, another murder is committed, atypical of the previous, plus two more attempted murders, until finally Mrs. Marrable's guilt is exposed, and the enormous value of the stamp collection left to her by her dead husband is inadvertently revealed."] ["While driving with his headlights off down a country highway, Chris Pratt, his girlfriend Kelly and two friends crash into a stalled combine on the road. Chris and Kelly survive, but the other two do not. Chris' injuries include brain damage that affects his short-term memory in the form similar to anterograde amnesia. He's in classes to learn new skills, including the simple sequences of daily tasks, to compensate for his inability to remember, and keeps notes in a small notebook. Challenged by a tough case manager to build a life despite his injuries, he is supported by his roommate, a blind man named Lewis, but receives only financial support from his wealthy family. He works nights, cleaning a small-town bank, with regular visitations from Ted, a bumbling sheriff's deputy. Chris aspires to train as a teller, but the bank manager, Mr. Tuttle, can barely hide his contempt for Chris' ambitions. It is there Chris comes under the scrutiny of a gang planning to rob the bank. Their leader, Gary, who knew him from high school and resented his wealth and popularity as a hockey star before his accident, befriends him and uses a young woman, Luvlee, to seduce him. Taunted by the gang about the limitations of his life since the accident, he initially goes along with the scheme. His frustrations trickle down into confrontations with his friends, Lewis and Ted. When the gang arrives the night of the robbery, Chris tells them he has changed his mind. But they tell him it's too late and force him to empty the vault at gunpoint. His friend Ted, the deputy, stumbles into the robbery while delivering doughnuts to Chris, and triggers a shootout. The deputy and two of the gang members, Marty and Cork, are killed. Meanwhile Chris escapes in the getaway car, and when he realizes he's got the money they stole, he returns compulsively to the site of his accident, where he buries the money. Gary is wounded and gets away with the other bank robber, Bone. When Chris returns to his apartment he sees the lights on and realizes something is wrong, and when he calls discovers Gary and Bone have taken Lewis hostage to get the money back. Chris, using his new sequencing skills, hatches a plan to stay alive and save his friend. But the robbers literally catch him napping at the place they were to meet, and they force him to take them to the site of the buried cash. While Chris digs in the snow to retrieve the money, Gary's condition is rapidly deteriorating. Chris gives one of two bags to Bone, who is preparing to execute Lewis, but Chris pulls out a shotgun he had hidden in the other bag and shoots Bone before he can react. Gary collapses and dies from blood loss. Chris returns the money and turns himself in, but the investigation by the FBI concludes that he was not responsible due to his mental state - and because the robbers failed to disconnect the video surveillance in the bank, allowing the FBI to see the gang forcing Chris to act at gunpoint. In the end we see that Chris and Lewis have reconciled, and found a way to open up the restaurant they had dreamed about together."] ["A community of cloistered nuns in a Catholic convent on the outskirts of Montreal awake one night to terrible screams. A young novice, Sister Agnes, is found in her cell in a pool of blood. After she is taken in ambulance, the Mother Superior, Mother Miriam Ruth, finds a newborn baby, dead and wrapped in bloody sheets in a wastebasket in Sister Agnes’ room. It is clear that Agnes gave birth to the child and strangled it afterwards, but she has no recollection - not only of giving birth, but of ever being pregnant. The young novice is accused of killing the baby. The court assigns Dr. Martha Livingston, a psychologist, to determine if Sister Agnes is sane enough to stand trial. The judicial system is clearly inclined to think that the young nun is insane and does not wish to send her to jail. Only reluctantly does the chain-smoking Martha take on the case to determine the nun’s sanity. Martha sees the nuns for the first time out of the courthouse and goes to visit them at the convent. The worldly and wise Mother Miriam receives Martha with apprehension. It is nothing personal, she tells her, but she does not believe in psychiatry. She makes pretty clear that, like everybody else, she was taken completely by surprise by what happened. Nobody had any idea of Agnes' pregnancy, not even Agnes herself. Agnes, she tells Martha, received very little schooling and came to the convent at a very young age after her mother’s death. Mother Miriam believes that Agnes has been touched by God. Martha interviews Agnes, who is of extreme devotion and parallel innocence. Agnes has a vague idea of how babies are born, but does not know how they are made. The day of the incident, she felt sick after night prayers and retired to her bedroom. She felt sicker and sicker until she fell asleep. Everybody is asking her for the baby, she says, but she saw no baby. The only thing she knows is what she has been told. The baby was found dead in the wastebasket in her bedroom."] ['Adams after his arrival at the Sedah State Mental Hospital, has a chess game with the facility\'s administrator Dr. Samuel Delazo  that who later introduced him to a documentary crew that is filming an inside-look at the hospital. Adams himself is actually traumatized by the death of his own daughter. His arrogance and insistence on being right leads him to locking the police away from a suicidal patient named Cheryl and attempting to talk her down himself, only to have Eriq La Salle\'s character Barnett inexplicably appear on the rooftop and reveal jarring truths about Adams, leading to the patient\'s suicide. The death calls a halt to the documentary, and Adams prepares to leave, satisfied that he had discovered the secret behind Barnett\'s real identity, having found and spoken to his mother. Adams and the administrator regretfully say goodbye, having left their chess game unfinished. Just before he leaves, Barnett\'s mother arrives and asks him to take a fruit basket to her son, whom Adams has had locked away in solitary in a 24-hour straitjacket as a menace to himself and other patients. The mother asks Adams if he believes in God, and he says no. When he opens the door we see Barnett inside the room in the straitjacket, but while still at the doorway Adams is distracted by an orderly , and when he looks into the room it is empty. He looks out into the hallway at Barnett\'s mom, who takes off her wig revealing a bald head. He chases her around a corner and finds that Barnett\'s mom is now totally Barnett in women\'s clothes. He chases him further and stumbles into a bedroom where he finds himself, bleeding, dying or dead, apparently having killed himself over his daughter\'s death. He then realizes that he is now in a library, and looks around to see the administrator Dr. Delazo sitting on a throne as the devil surrounded by the patients and staff, all horribly transformed, including the recent suicide. The devil says, "Checkmate." Adams tells the assembly that he knows this isn\'t real, and that he knows who he is. The administrator/devil asks him who is he? Adams says he\'s a good man. And the devil asks, then why are you here? As he keeps protesting that he\'s a good man, we fade to black.'] ["Expanding on the original's premise of a one hour time loop, this version saw the main character reliving the same 24-hour period, which would restart at one minute past midnight . Lowly clerk Barry Thomas is very interested in his co-worker and scientist Lisa Fredericks who barely notices him. That night Barry witnesses her death in a drive-by shooting as he heads home from work. Much later as he laments her death, he receives an electrical shock at exactly midnight. The next morning he slowly becomes aware that all the events of the previous morning are repeating themselves. The shock has caused him to be aware of the time loop, while everyone else is oblivious to the repetition. Over several loops, Barry learns how to save Lisa while in the process getting fired and arrested for being in the wrong place and for superior knowledge of events, a problem that often occurs in time travel stories. In some loops he gets much closer to Lisa than others, though there is a general theme of progression of the relationship. Barry eventually learns that Lisa’s boss, Dr. Thadius Moxley, illegally and unethically proceeded with a prohibited scientific experiment involving faster-than-light particle acceleration that caused the time loop. Dr. Thadius Moxley’s henchmen are also behind Lisa’s murder, as she had uncovered aspects of his illegal activities. With the help of an undercover government agent, Barry and Lisa must stop her boss and prevent him from ever activating the machine again or the world will remain trapped in a time loop forever. It also contains a happy ending, as the protagonist ultimately finds a way to correct the time loop over the course of the film’s 94-minute running time. The movie was released on DVD in the United States on November 28, 2006."] ['In 1980s Germany at the height of the Cold War, 19-year-old Karl Koch  finds the world around him threatening and chaotic. Inspired by the fictitious character Hagbard Celine , he starts investigating the backgrounds of political and economic power and discovers signs that make him believe in a worldwide conspiracy. At a meeting with hackers, Karl gets to know the student David . David and Karl are able to hack into the global data network—which is still, at this point, in its early stages—and their belief in social justice propels them into espionage for the KGB. Driven by contacts with a drug dealer—and by increasing KGB pressure to hack successfully into foreign systems—Karl spirals into a cocaine dependency and grows increasingly alienated from David. In a drug-addled state, Karl begins to sit in front of his computer for days at a time. Perpetually sleepless, he also grows increasingly delusional. When David publicly reveals the espionage activity in which the two men have been engaged, Karl is left alone to face the consequences. Collapse soon follows. Karl is taken to a hospital to deal with his drug addiction and mysteriously dies afterward.'] ["Convicted murderer Seth Baxter  awakens chained to a table beneath a pendulum blade. A videotape informs him that crushing his hands between the presses will release him; he does so, but the blade still swings down and violently cuts him in half, while someone watches through a hole in the wall. The scene cuts to Agent Peter Strahm , who kills Jeff Denlon  in self-defense and is sealed in the sickroom. He finds a hidden passage with a tape recorder that warns him to stay in the sickroom, but ignores it. He is attacked by a pig-masked figure in the passage and awakens with his head sealed in a box slowly filling with water, which he survives by performing a tracheotomy using a pen. Outside the plant, Detective Mark Hoffman  delivers Corbett Denlon  to the police and claims they are the only survivors, and is shocked when Strahm is brought out alive as well. Jill Tuck  is met by John Kramer's  attorney, who is administering his will. She is left a box and a videotape, in which John stresses the importance of the box's contents. She opens it with a key hung around her neck and then leaves without disclosing its contents. In a memorial service held for David Tapp, Steven Sing, Allison Kerry, Eric Matthews, and Daniel Rigg, the five officers killed in action, Hoffman is promoted to detective lieutenant. He is informed of the death of Agent Lindsey Perez while taking Strahm's phone and goes to the hospital to meet Strahm, who says that Hoffman's name was Perez's last words. Strahm is also met by his boss, Dan Erickson , who takes him off the case. Strahm then takes case files to research them on his own, determined to piece together Hoffman's involvement. In an underground chamber, Ashley , Brit , Luba , Charles , and Mallick  awaken with collars connected to mounted blades locked around their necks. The keys are in glass boxes across the room, though advancing will set off a one-minute timer. A videotape tells them to ignores their instincts during their tests. Mallick activates the timer, and everyone reaches their keys except Ashley, who is decapitated when the collars retract. In the next room, the four learn more about each other and Ashley, and learn by videotape that keys to the three shelters are in overhead jars. Brit, Luba and Mallick retrieve keys, but Charles attacks and takes it from Mallick, only to be struck by Luba and left to die in the explosion. In the third room, five short cables must be connected to a full bathtub to unlock the door. Luba tries to use Mallick's body to close the circuits, but Brit kills her and they use her body instead. In the fourth room, they find a machine fitted with circular saws and a beaker that requires ten pints of blood to open the door. They notice five armholes and realize that every room was set up for the victims to work together to survive the game. They also realize that everyone was connected through a building fire that killed eight people. With no other options, they saw their arms to provide the ten pints of blood. Meanwhile, Strahm travels to past game locations and learns through his research that Seth Baxter was convicted of murdering Hoffman's sister, but was released five years later on a technicality. He was later murdered by Hoffman, who used the pendulum blade to frame Jigsaw. Angered by this, John used his knowledge of the murder to coerce Hoffman into working with him, and together they set up the majority of the games, most notably the razor-wire maze, where Hoffman planted Lawrence Gordon's penlight, and the nerve gas house, where he provided the police files. Strahm ultimately learns that everyone was meant to die in the plant except Corbett and Hoffman, who would give her to the police and be the hero who closed the case. Strahm soon draws Erickson's worry, which is fueled when Jill approaches him claiming that Strahm is stalking her. He is also called by Hoffman, who tells him of Strahm's belief in another accomplice. Erickson puts a tracker on Strahm's phone and follows it to the current game's observation room, where Hoffman had planted it along with Erickson's file. He finds Brit, who crawled from the fourth room after Mallick passed out, and calls for medical assistance before placing an APB on Strahm, believing that he is the accomplice. Simultaneously, Strahm follows Hoffman to the renovated nerve gas house and finds an underground room containing a clear box filled with broken glass. Hoffman's tape urges Strahm to enter the box, but he stops it short and ambushes Hoffman, sealing him in the box after a brief struggle. The room then seals itself, and the tape continues by saying that if he does not, he will vanish and the legacy will become his. The box is lowered safely into the floor while the walls close in on Strahm, who attempts to escape through the ceiling grid, and is crushed to death."] ['Carmen, a young Spanish woman who is engaged to be married, has her hen\'s night at a French restaurant in London. She is invited to participate in the observance of an old custom which allows her to kiss the stranger of her choice before the marriage - symbolically "kissing her single life goodbye" and bringing luck for the future. The man she chooses is Kit and both enjoy the kiss far more than they have intended. They fall in love, which creates a "love triangle" among Carmen, her fiancé Barnaby, and Kit. What initially appears to be a typical urban love story begins to take some surprising and dark twists. In the third act, it is revealed that the circumstances have been arranged in order to create an "emotional snuff film". Unbeknownst to Carmen, she has been cast as the female lead in this endeavor. Barnaby has hired Kit to play a part in the deception, but has misled him by neglecting to mention that he himself, the director, will take on the role of Carmen\'s fiancé . Barnaby is apparently unscrupulous, as he actually marries Carmen for the sake of the film and later fakes a violent suicide . In a state of shock, she returns to Kit, who is also horrified, guilty, and never having met the husband, still in the dark as to the true identity of a man he knows only as "Ford." He admits to Carmen that he has been paid by a man to seduce her for a film, and that he regrets it immensely. Barnaby, whom Kit recognizes as his employer, suddenly appears, offering Kit his final pay and removing camera equipment he previously has concealed in the actor\'s bedsit without his knowledge. With contemptible satisfaction, he unravels his entire plan to the shocked, broken pair and bitterly ridicules them before leaving. Several months later, as the film is about to open, Barnaby appears to have won Carmen back. For a ceremony during which he is to accept a filmmakers\' award, he engineers a publicity stunt by which it appears that Kit will have the ultimate revenge. However, Carmen takes advantage of the opportunity to do in her manipulative husband for real while framing his business partners for murder. Tragedy generates sensation and, while its clueless producers await trial, the film enjoys a big opening at which Carmen and Kit arrive in style, together.'] ['In the near-future, organic virtual reality game consoles known as "game pods" have replaced electronic ones. The pods are attached to "bio-ports", outlets inserted at players\' spines, through umbilical cords. Two game companies, Antenna Research and Cortical Systematics, compete against each other. In addition, a group of "realists" fights both companies to prevent the "deforming" of reality. Antenna Research\'s Allegra Geller , the greatest game designer in the world, is testing her latest virtual reality game, eXistenZ, with a focus group at a seminar. She is shot in the shoulder by an assassin named Noel Dichter  with an organic pistol , which is undetectable by security. As Dichter is gunned down by the security team, security guard  Ted Pikul , rushes to Geller and escorts her outside. Allegra discovers that her pod, which contains the only copy of the eXistenZ game, may have been damaged due to an "UmbyCord" being ripped out as the game was being downloaded. To test it, she must plug into the game in tandem with another player that she can trust, and talks a reluctant Pikul into installing a bio-port in his own body so he can play the game with her. Pikul, one of a dwindling few who has refused to have a bio-port installed to this point, at first objects due to a phobia about "surgical penetration," but eventually gives in. They head to a gas station run by a black marketeer named Gas  to get it installed. Gas deliberately installs a faulty bio-port and the game pod is damaged. Gas  reveals that he is going to kill Allegra for the bounty on her head, but Pikul shoots him with the rivet gun used to install the port. The pair make their way to a former ski lodge used by Allegra\'s mentor, Kiri Vinokur . He and his assistant repair the damaged pod and give Pikul a new bio-port. Inside the game, Pikul realizes that it is hard to tell whether his or Allegra\'s actions are their own intentions or the game\'s. When they meet D\'Arcy Nader , a video game shop owner, Pikul speaks rudely to him, but then expresses surprise at his own rudeness. Allegra informs him that it was the doing of his game character. Reality becomes more distorted when they use new micro pods given to them by Nader, and gain new identities as workers at a game pod factory. There, they meet Yevgeny Nourish , who claims to be their contact in the Realist underworld. Nourish recommends that Pikul order the special for lunch at a Chinese restaurant near the factory. Once in the restaurant, Pikul "pauses" the game in order to get back to the real world, but finds out that he is unable to distinguish reality from illusion. Back in the restaurant, Pikul develops an urge to eat the unappetizing special, which turns out to be an assortment of cooked mutant animals. Pikul constructs a familiar object from the inedible parts—the pistol used to shoot Allegra. He points it at her as a joke, but then Nourish identifies their Chinese waiter  as an enemy and gets Pikul to shoot him instead. In keeping with the game reality, the other patrons of the restaurant appear more frozen than shocked, and return to their meals when Pikul tells them it was a simple misunderstanding about the bill. When the pair return to the game store, Hugo Carlaw  informs them that Nourish is actually a double agent for Cortical Systematics, and the waiter whom Pikul shot was the actual contact. The next day at the factory, the two plan to sabotage all the game pods in the factory by plugging into a diseased pod. When Allegra becomes infected, Pikul frees her by cutting the umbycord. Allegra almost bleeds to death until Nourish shows up again with a flame thrower, directing it at the diseased pod. The pod bursts, releasing deadly spores. Before leaving, Allegra stabs Nourish in the back with a knife. Allegra and Pikul suddenly find themselves back in the ski lodge, and it seems that they have lost the game. They discover that Allegra\'s game pod is also diseased. Pikul is confused by the disease\'s crossover from the game into reality. However, Allegra immediately notices Pikul rubbing his back and realizes that Vinokur gave Pikul an infected bioport in order to destroy her game. She inserts a disinfecting device into Pikul\'s bioport. Unexpectedly, Carlaw reappears as a Realist resistance fighter, and escorts Allegra and Pikul outside to witness the death of eXistenZ. Before Carlaw can kill Allegra, he is shot in the back by Vinokur, who is a double agent for Cortical Systematics. He informs Allegra that he copied her game data while he was fixing her pod. In revenge, she kills Vinokur. Pikul then reveals that he himself was sent to kill her; he is a Realist. However, she informs him that she knew of his true intentions ever since he pointed the gun at her in the Chinese restaurant, then kills him by detonating the disinfecting device in his bioport by remote control. In yet another twist, the two then appear on a stage, together with the main players from the game. It turns out that the story itself is in fact a virtual reality game called "tranCendenZ" played by the cast, mirroring the first scene. This is enforced by more naturalistic acting coupled with significantly less cliche dialog, and cutaways from Allegra and Pikul. Another difference occurs when it is revealed that players are using electronic devices rather than game pods. The real game designer, Nourish, feels uneasy because the game started with the assassination of a game designer and had an overall anti-game theme that he suspects originated from the thoughts of one of the testers. Pikul and Allegra approach him  and ask him if he should pay for his "crimes" of deforming reality. As Merle , Nourish\'s assistant, calls for security, Pikul and Allegra grab pistols hidden under the dog\'s false mane and shoot Nourish and Merle to death. As in the restaurant scene, the other players appear more frozen than shocked. As Pikul and Allegra leave, they aim their guns at the person who played the Chinese waiter, who first pleads for his life, then asks if they are still in the game. The last shot is of Pikul and Allegra standing in surprised silence, apparently unsure of the answer.'] ["Psychiatrist Martin Dysart investigates the savage blinding of six horses with a metal spike in a stable in Hampshire, England. The atrocity was committed by an unassuming 17-year-old stable boy named Alan Strang, the only son of opinionated but inwardly-timid Frank Strang and his genteel, religious wife Dora. As Dysart exposes the truths behind the boy's demons, he finds himself face-to-face with his own."] ["Early on Benny, a member of the Anti-Hippocratic Society, slashes himself in front of Professor Mueller LaRousse and an audience. The main character is the young neurosurgeon Jo from Duisburg, who wants to complete his practical course at a large hospital in Berlin. He hopes to join the research group of Mueller LaRousse because his younger brother has Muscular Dystrophy, which was the cause of their father's death... Paula Henning  has become a police investigator investigating the Anti-Hippocratic society. The Anti-Hippocrats perform surgeries in blood red surgical gowns."] ['A psychic named Quintus Ratcliff  sends a woman ([[Pamela Duncan  back in time to find out about her past-life experiences. She goes back as Helene, a woman from the Middle Ages who is to die at dawn under suspicion of being a witch.Synopsis at AMG In an attempt to save Diana and keep all of time from being distorted, Quintis goes back in time to convince Helene to let herself be killed.Plot Summary for The Undead at IMDB If she avoids her death, it will change history.'] ["Jim Fletcher , a former inmate in a Japanese prisoner-of-war camp, awakes from a coma at a naval hospital, only to be told he's been accused of murder. Fletcher is not quite certain of his guilt so he escapes from the hospital in search of his best friend, another ex-POW."] ['The plot is largely similar to that of the original film with extra dialogue scenes. The film tells the story of the deranged Dr. Caligari and his faithful sleepwalking Cesare and their connection to a string of murders in a German mountain village, Holstenwall. The movie features a "frame story" in which the body of the plot is presented as a flashback, as told by Francis. The narrator, Francis, and his friend Alan visit a carnival in the village where they see Dr. Caligari and Cesare, whom the doctor is displaying as an attraction. Caligari brags that Cesare can answer any question he is asked. When Alan asks Cesare how long he has to live, Cesare tells Alan that he will die tomorrow at dawn — a prophecy which turns out to be fulfilled. Francis, along with his girlfriend Jane, investigate Caligari and Cesare, which eventually leads to Jane\'s kidnapping by Cesare. Caligari orders Cesare to kill Jane, but the hypnotized slave refuses after her beauty captivates him. He carries Jane out of her house, leading Jane\'s father and brother on a chase. Cesare is stabbed to death after being pursued by Jane\'s brother, and Francis discovers that Caligari had created an illusion of Cesare to distract him. Francis discovers that "Caligari" is actually the head of the local insane asylum, and with the help of his colleagues discovers that he is obsessed with the story of a medieval Dr. Caligari, who used a somnambulist to murder people as a traveling act. After being confronted with the dead Cesare, Caligari breaks down and reveals his mania and is imprisoned in his own asylum. The "twist ending" reveals that Francis\' flashback is actually his fantasy: The man he claims is Caligari is indeed his doctor in the asylum, who, after this revelation of the source of his patient\'s delusion, claims to be able to cure him.'] ['Former CIA covert operative Nelson Crowe  is hired by Vic Grimes  for a position with his company nicknamed "The Toolshed," a firm which employs people with intelligence service backgrounds in order to sell their talents, with regard to extortion and corporate espionage, to domestic and foreign corporations. Grimes\' second in command, Margaret Wells , seduces Crowe and entices him with a plot to kill Grimes so they can take over the firm. The Toolshed\'s top client, Curl Industries, is being sued in a class action lawsuit in a case currently on appeal at the Washington state Supreme Court. Curl Industries is accused of poisoning the water supply to a small town, resulting in the birth of disabled children. Grimes gives Crowe $1 million dollars to bribe one of the justices, Justin Beach , into swinging the verdict in favor of Curl Industries. Crowe and Toolshed operative Tod Sapp  buy Justice Beach\'s $25,000 gambling debt from bookmaker Bobby Birdsong  and pay for information on Beach\'s personal life from his friend, Les Goodwin . During a secret progress report meeting, Crowe is revealed to in fact be a mole for the CIA, albeit against his will. Crowe was dismissed from the agency on suspicion of stealing a $50,000 bribe meant for an Iraqi colonel. Crowe\'s former boss, William "Smitty" Smithfield ([[Michael Murphy , is threatening prison time for the disappearance of the bribe as leverage to get Crowe to infiltrate the Toolshed. The CIA intends to acquire the firm and use it as a black operations hub with Smitty in charge. During the meeting, as he turns over the $1 million bribe money for inspection, Crowe secretly records his conversation with Smitty, who also forces him to sign a receipt. Sapp later discovers Crowe\'s secret objective and extorts a payoff from Smitty to remain silent about it. Beach accepts the $1 million bribe delivered by Crowe. He and his mistress Julie Ames  sign a receipt to ensure Beach\'s cooperation. Beach buys tickets for a vacation to the Caribbean and sends Julie ahead with the money, telling her he intends to leave his wife and join her. However, after reneging on his agreement and voting against Curl Industries, Beach commits suicide. Despite the setback caused by Beach\'s death and his vote, Wells and Crowe continue with their plan to murder Grimes. Wells spends a romantic weekend with Grimes at his fishing cabin, where Crowe sneaks in and shoots Grimes, then beats Wells to make it appear like the murder was a robbery gone wrong. Wells and Crowe then take over the Toolshed, though Wells now rebuffs Crowe\'s affections towards her, having used him to get what she wanted. Upon hearing of her lover\'s death, Julie travels to Europe, sending Goodwin postcards telling him how she\'s enjoying spending the $1 million. Goodwin sells this information to Crowe, who in turn takes it to Wells. Wells orders Crowe to find and kill Julie because of her knowledge of the bribe attempt. Smitty confronts Wells in her office at the Toolshed and informs her of the CIA\'s plan to take over and also of Crowe\'s involvement in the agency\'s infiltration. Julie buys a gun from Goodwin and goes to Crowe\'s apartment to kill him in revenge for Beach\'s death, arriving shortly after Wells, who also came to kill Crowe. In a chaotic shootout, Julie blindly fires at both as Crowe and Wells shoot each other dead. Julie somehow remains unharmed. As she meticulously picks up her shell casings, she finds Crowe\'s briefcase containing incriminating evidence, including the tape of his conversations with Smitty and the receipt she and Beach signed. After burning the receipt, Julie mails the tape to the U.S. Attorney\'s office to expose the corrupt dealings of both the CIA and the Toolshed. She then leaves town for good, alone.'] ["Thomas Archer's  life changes due to a horrific attack, he is miserable and lost in life. When his Doctor  makes an offer to get the revenge Archer needs, everything goes wrong and people start dying."] ['Holiday Home is a tourist resort in the high ranges of Kerala. It is frequented by tourists and by newly married couples who come to honeymoon here. Sankaranarayanan ([[Murali  is the care taker of the Holiday Home. Rahul Krishna ([[Bala  comes to Holiday Home with Meera Nambiar . The next day Meera Nambiar is found murdered. SP Siddharth Mahadev  comes for the investigation. Everyone who is involved with the crime gives a different story to the SP. The rest of the film is about this crime investigation.'] ["Actress Yvonne Orlac ([[Frances Drake  rests after her final performance at the 'Théâtre des Horreurs in Paris, France. As she listens to her husband Stephen Orlac  play the piano on the radio, she is greeted by Dr. Gogol , who has seen every show featuring Yvonne, and unaware of her marriage, is aghast to learn that she is moving to England with her husband. Gogol leaves the theater heartbroken, buys the wax figure of Yvonne's character, Galatea, and arranges that it be delivered to his home the following day. Stephen Orlac is on a train journey from Fontainebleau to Paris, where he sees murderer Rollo the Knife thrower , who is on the way to his execution by guillotine. Gogol witnesses the execution, along with the American reporter Reagan . Orlac's train crashes later that night, and Yvonne finds her husband with mutilated hands. She takes Stephen to Gogol in an attempt to reconstruct his hands, and Gogol agrees to do so. Gogol uses Rollo's hands for the transplant, and the operation is a success. The Orlac couple are forced to sell many of their possessions to pay for the surgery, while Stephen finds he is unable to play the piano with his new hands. When a creditor comes to claim the Orlacs' piano, Stephen throws a fountain pen that barely misses his head. Stephen seeks help from his stepfather, Henry Orlac . Henry denies the request, upset that Stephen did not follow in his line of business as a jeweler. A knife thrown in anger by Stephen misses Henry, but breaks the shop front's window. Gogol meanwhile asks Yvonne for her love, but she refuses. Stephen goes to Gogol's home and demands to know about his hands, and why they throw knives. Gogol suggests that Stephen's problem comes from childhood trauma, but later confirms to his assistant Dr. Wong  that Stephen's hands had been Rollo's. Gogol then suggests to Yvonne that she get away from Stephen, as the shock has affected his mind and she may be in danger. She angrily rejects Gogol, whose obsession grows. Henry Orlac is murdered, and Stephen receives a note that promises that he will learn the truth about his hands if he goes to a specific address that night. There, a man with metallic hands and dark glasses claims to be Rollo, brought back to life by Gogol. Rollo explains that Stephen's hands were his, and that Stephen used them to murder Henry. Stephen returns to Yvonne and explains that his hands are those of Rollo, and that he must turn himself in to the police. A panic-stricken Yvonne goes to Gogol's home, and finds him completely mad. Gogol assumes that his statue has come to life, embraces her, and begins to strangle her. Reagan, Stephen and the police arrive, but are only able to open the observation window. Stephen produces a knife and throws it at Gogol, then finds his way in. Gogol dies as Stephen and Yvonne embrace."] ["The film follows music teacher Marcus Daly  as he investigates the violent murder of psychic medium Helga Ulmann , which he witnesses in an apartment building. Other major characters are introduced early, including Daly's friend Carlo , Ulmann's associate Dr. Giordani  and reporter Gianna Brezzi , with whom Daly begins an affair. After his attempt to rescue the medium fails, Daly realizes he has seen a certain painting among a group of portraits on the wall of the victim's apartment, but it seems to have disappeared when the police arrive. Later in the film, he also initially overlooks another clue that causes him to discover a mouldering corpse walled up in a derelict house. One murder leads to a series of others as Daly's obsession with this vital clue that he fails to understand endangers his life and that of everyone with whom he comes into contact. Among those killed are Giordani, Amanda Righetti  and Carlo. The killing of Helga Ulmann is prefaced by a child's doggerel tune, the same music that accompanies the film's opening sequence in which two shadowy figures struggle until one of them is stabbed to death. The music serves as the murderer's calling card. When Daly hears it in his own apartment soon after becoming involved in the case he is able to foil his attacker. Later, he plays the tune to Giordani, a psychiatrist, who theorizes that the music is important because it probably played an integral part in a traumatic event in the killer's past. The doctor's theory is of course correct, as the identity of the killer is finally revealed as Carlo's insane mother Martha . When Carlo was still a child, he watched as she murdered her husband when he tried to have her committed to a mental hospital, then entomb his body in a room of their house. Daly's discovery of the corpse is one of the film's most dramatic moments. In the climax, Martha confronts Marcus and tries to kill him. Wielding a butchering knife, Martha chases him around the complex and into a room with an elevator. Marcus is stabbed in the shoulder by the knife, and kicks Martha toward the elevator shaft. A long necklace she wears catches in the bars of the shaft, and she is decapitated when Daly summons the lift. The film ends with Daly staring into the resultant pool of blood."] ['Anna Veigh is an art teacher that seems to get too involved in her students\' private lives. She is called into the headmaster\'s office and chastised for  attempting to be an "art therapist" rather than an art teacher. The headmaster makes inappropriate advances, touching her leg and putting his arm around her as he informs her that she is on "the wrong track". Later, the headmaster calls and leaves a message on her answering machine in which we find that she has been fired and something has occurred in the office that he wishes to "keep secret". He informs her that he has found her a job as a nanny that pays very well. The next day she attends an interview for the job and is hired on the spot by the wealthy and mysterious Mr. Laing to become the nanny for his niece and nephew - two wealthy young orphans - whilst he is away on business. It seems a perfect escape for her, a welcome change. Her new workplace is Bly House, a remote country estate with beautiful grounds and a small resident staff. Miles and Flora, the children, seem sweet and charming, if a little strange, and Anna thinks that she has really "landed on her feet" after the rigors of her previous job. The only fly in the ointment is the frosty estate manager, Miss Grose, who seems remote and unfriendly to the new arrival. Anna soon begins to make disquieting discoveries. Miles, the boy, has been expelled from his school, for a sin so dreadful the headmaster will not even discuss it. Anna hears whispers through the night often leading towards Flora\'s bedroom. Anna then learns that her predecessor in the job, one Miss Jessel, drowned in a lake on the property. Her lover, Mr. Quint, hanged himself in Bly House shortly thereafter. The children continue to commit devilish seeming acts, that lead her to question the children. To add to her unease, Anna begins to catch glimpses of unknown sinister figures lurking in the grounds, but nobody else admits to seeing them. Anna confronts Miss Grose with her suspicions about the intruders and is surprised learn that Miss Grose had hated Mr. Quint for stealing her lesbian lover, Miss Jessel. The figures Anna describes are unmistakably Miss Jessel and Mr. Quint, but these former employees have been dead for some time. Anna has recurring daydreams concerning her own abuse as a child, and she soon suspects that Mr. Quint and Miss Jessel may have physically abused Miles and Flora as well. As Anna\'s ghost sightings and fears for the children\'s safety become more pronounced, Miss Grose begins to doubt Anna\'s sanity and fires her from her post. As Anna reveals some affection for the estate manager, Miss Grose reconsiders and begins to passionately kiss Anna. While they later sleep together that evening, it is apparent on Anna\'s face that she is shocked by the estate manager\'s physical attention and feels that she is again being abused just as when she was a child. It seems as if Anna is being sexually abused by every character in the movie, highlighting her disturbing childhood. Eventually, the children grow more and more fearful and sullen around Anna. Anna\'s hallucinations and emotional breakdown continue, and Miss Grose once again tells her to leave. Anna frequently visits the lake that Miss Jessel had supposedly drowned in, yet tells the children not to go there. She seems possessed and has frequent sightings of Miss Jessel there. After some strange behaviour on the children\'s part and Anna\'s, it is unclear what exactly is going on. That evening, Flora has a severe fear-induced asthma attack and is taken away by ambulance, never to be seen again. Miles runs away, and before accompanying Flora to the hospital, Miss Grose makes Anna promise to call her as soon as Miles is found. Anna finds and chases the frightened Miles about the estate believing that only she can rescue him from the ghosts\' attentions. As she corners him at the lake where Miss Jessel drowned, Miles in a sense "walks the plank", slowly forcing himself into the water and drops from the log into the shallow creek-like puddle where Miss Jessel\'s previous body parts had been shown. There is no struggle. Anna tells him that he will now be free of his suffering and that what happened between them will remain a secret. It is suggested that Anna had been physically abusing Miles and Flora just as she had been abused as a child herself, but the truth is no one really knows, if she is insane and imagining these images or being harassed by ghostly figures. Then without any real explanation or even implication, her face suddenly turns into herself as a little girl and says "I\'m the only one." We are left questioning if her mind was in fact the "dark place" or if in fact the house was truly haunted.'] ["The movie takes place on a college campus in the Northeast. Derrick Webb , Cathy Jones , and Travis  are students as well as roommates. They all take a Communications class with Professor Goodwin , in which the subject of gossip is brought up. For their final project, the three students decide to start a rumor and track and see the results. One night while at a nightclub, they run into Naomi Preston  and her boyfriend Beau Edson . It is common knowledge through the campus that Naomi is saving her virginity for marriage. Jones  in particular has a problem with Naomi's wealth and sense of entitlement. Furthermore, Naomi seems to have started a rumor about Jones having sex with Professor Goodwin. While at the party, Derrick meets a girl and brings her upstairs. At this point the girl becomes ill; Derrick than notices Beau and Naomi in the adjacent room kissing. Beau attempts to have sex with Naomi but is rejected. Derrick, Jones, and Travis proceed to begin a rumor that Naomi and Beau had sex. The story begins to vary wildly, first involving a threesome, but soon, due to the nature of gossip, it becomes a story of Beau raping Naomi."] ['Four friends take a vacation on a boat, with its skipper and three crew. By a campfire one night, the seven discuss the kind of death each fears most. One by one, each of the party is killed by the method he fears most.'] ['Frank Decker  is an ex-Los Angeles policeman now partnered in a private security firm in San Diego. During the course of his job, he meets and falls in love with the beautiful Angela  who\'s unhappily married to the rich and dangerous Giles Menteer . The complications which result from this "triangle" follow a pattern reminiscent of Double Indemnity and Body Heat.'] ["Nigel  is an incompetent criminal who flees his native England to Copenhagen in order to escape the loan sharks who are after him. He and his wife Maria  shack up at a hotel, while each struggles separately with a drug problem. Maria manages to get a straight job, and Nigel gets a gig storing illegal goods for a local crime boss known as the President . Things heat up when Nigel falls for Tanya , a hooker who works for the President, and their affair makes him ever more distant from Maria. The stage is set for a sex and violence-fueled descent into mayhem as the plot twists and secrets are revealed. Maria gets pregnant and Nigel starts to snap, and the only sane one seems to be Jimmy, Nigel's existential pot dealer. Dark humor {{cite web}} complete the dark and atmospheric story.http://s-s-v.freehostia.com/98-04/ss_last_exit_04.html"] ["Two fugitives on the run from a murder scene take hostage an agoraphobic art dealer with a dark past of his own. Captive by way of taking refuge in a magnificent country estate, Dale  and Ron  find themselves participants in a game of survival. Dale, a stripper, is resentful of the way she has been treated in the past. Their hostage, Andrew , appears to represent everything she's always wanted but unable to have. Ron, impulsive and out of control, loves Dale and will do whatever he can to take her away from her old life. Dale saves Andrew from being killed by Ron. However Ron gets a deal of AU40,000 dollars to keep Andrew alive. Someone, though, must go to the bank and cash in the cheque. Andrew suggests Dale do it since she resembles his fiancee, Gabrielle. In the process of getting the cash, Ron observes that Dale is slipping away and puts her love to test. She fails and its now Andrew's turn to save her life. Finally, Ron is killed by Dale who is forced to assume the identity of Gabrielle."] ['American pulp Western writer Holly Martins  arrives in Post-World War II Vienna seeking his childhood friend, Harry Lime , who has offered him a job. Martins discovers that Lime was killed by a car while crossing the street. At Lime\'s funeral, Martins meets two British Army Police: Sergeant Paine , a fan of Martins\'s books, and his superior, Major Calloway . Afterwards Martins is asked to give a lecture to a book club a few days later. He then meets a friend of Lime\'s, "Baron" Kurtz , who tells Martins that he and another friend, Popescu , carried Lime to the side of the street after the accident and, before he died, Lime asked them to take care of Martins and Lime\'s actress girlfriend, Anna Schmidt . Martins goes to see Anna and becomes suspicious that Lime\'s death was not an accident. The porter at Lime\'s apartment building says that Lime was killed immediately and that three men carried the body, not two. Martins and Anna discover that the police are searching her flat, who confiscate a forged passport and detain her. The next evening Martins visits Lime\'s "medical advisor", Dr. Winkel , who says that he arrived at the accident after Lime was dead, and only two men were there. The porter offers to give Martins more information, but someone kills him before Martins can see him. When Martins arrives, the crowd believes that he is involved and becomes hostile. Escaping from them, Martins returns to the hotel, and a cab immediately takes him to the book club, where he makes a poor speech. When Popescu enters, he asks about Martins\'s next book. Martins says that it will be called The Third Man, "a murder story" inspired by facts. Popescu tells Martins that he should stick to fiction. Martins sees two thugs advancing towards him and flees. Calloway again advises Martins to leave Vienna, but Martins refuses and demands that Lime\'s death be investigated. Calloway reveals that Lime\'s racket was stealing penicillin from military hospitals, diluting it, and selling it on the black market, leading to many deaths. Martins, convinced, agrees to leave. Martins learns that Anna too has been told about Lime\'s crimes and is about to be sent to the Soviet sector. Leaving her apartment, Martins notices someone watching from a dark doorway. A shaft of light reveals the person to be Lime, who flees, ignoring Martins\'s calls, and vanishes. Martins summons Calloway, who deduces that Lime has escaped through the sewers. The British police exhume Lime\'s coffin and discover that the body is that of the orderly who stole the penicillin for Lime. The next day, Martins meets with Lime, and they ride Vienna\'s Ferris wheel, the Wiener Riesenrad. Lime obliquely threatens Martins, reveals the full extent of his ruthlessness, and then reiterates his job offer before leaving quickly. Calloway then asks Martins to help capture Lime, and Martins agrees, asking for Anna\'s safe conduct out of Vienna in exchange. However, when Anna learns this, she refuses to leave. Exasperated, Martins decides to leave, but on the way to the airport, Calloway stops at a hospital to show Martins children dying of meningitis that had been treated using Lime\'s diluted penicillin. Lime arrives to rendezvous with Martins, but Anna warns him. He tries once again to escape using the sewer tunnels, but the police are there in force. Lime shoots and kills Paine, but Calloway shoots and wounds him. Badly injured, Lime drags himself up a ladder to a street grating, but he cannot lift it. Martins then kills him using Paine\'s revolver. Later, Martins attends Lime\'s second funeral. At the risk of missing his flight out of Vienna, he waits to speak to Anna, but she ignores him and walks past.'] ['FBI agents Thomas Mackelway  and Fran Kulok  are put on the trail of Ben O\'Ryan , a serial killer who exclusively targets other serial killers. As the investigation proceeds, the agents begin to become aware of the possible existence of "Suspect Zero", a mythical "super serial killer" responsible for hundreds of deaths across all 50 states who leaves no evidence behind to link his crimes together. The agents must decide if O\'Ryan is the key that will allow them to catch Suspect Zero, or if he is Suspect Zero himself. As it turns out, O\'Ryan was part of a secret government experiment attempting to cultivate telepathic abilities in individuals for military purposes. The experiments gave O\'Ryan the ability to see the actions of serial killers. These disturbing visions constantly torment O\'Ryan, and drive him to find the killers and kill them. O\'Ryan seeks out Mackelway because Mackelway shares his abilities to some degree and was involved in a controversial case that made headlines. O\'Ryan hunts down Suspect Zero, whose child victims are giving O\'Ryan even more nightmares. The actual "Suspect Zero" is another man who travels over the United States with a refrigerated truck. He targets children, whom he kidnaps and transports to his ranch to be killed. He is not THE Suspect Zero, however, as Mackelway had identified evidence linking his crimes together: Because of the time spent locked in the truck, all of his victims had signs of freezer burns. Eventually, Mackelway and O\'Ryan find Suspect Zero at his ranch. After a struggle outside, Suspect Zero is killed when Mackelway crushes his skull with a rock. O\'Ryan then tries to convince Mackelway to end his suffering by killing him. When Mackelway refuses, O\'Ryan pretends to attack him, prompting Kulok  to shoot him to defend her partner. A major motif of the film is remote viewing, and the DVD\'s extra features include interviews with people who worked with the US military and intelligence agencies as part of those programs.'] ['Darkly Noon  is a young man who has spent his entire life as a member of an ultraconservative Christian cult. After a violent altercation that results in the dissolution of the cult and the death of Darkly\'s parents, a disoriented Darkly wanders into a forest in the Appalachian region of North Carolina and is rescued from exhaustion by a coffin transporter named Jude  and his friend Callie . Callie nurses Darkly back to health, but Darkly is frustrated by the conflict between his religious past and his attraction to his new companion. Darkly\'s frustration intensifies when Clay , Callie\'s mute boyfriend who builds the coffins Jude sells, returns home after being away for a few days. When Darkly encounters Clay\'s mother, Roxy , his internal conflicts grow even stronger. Roxy despises the relationship between Clay and Callie, and tells Darkly that Callie is a witch bent on destroying Roxy\'s family. Finally, in the film\'s climax, Darkly\'s rage boils over. Having wrapped himself in barbed wire and armed with one of Clay\'s chisels, he bursts into Callie and Clay\'s house, intent on murdering the couple, whom he discovers having sex. After a scene of horrific destruction, Darkly is finally tamed by Callie\'s confession that she loves him. Unfortunately for Darkly, Jude arrives, rifle in hand, to rescue Callie and Clay. Jude shoots Darkly, who laments, "Who will love me now?" as he lies dying.'] ['Michael and Karen Carr  are a couple living in an upscale part of Los Angeles, and their peace of mind is upset by an intruder coming in through their skylight one night. The intruder doesn\'t take anything except Karen, briefly, as a hostage, before dumping her in the swimming pool and making his escape. The Carrs call in the police, one of whom, Pete Davis , takes an interest in the couple\'s case. He cuts through department red tape and expedites speedy installation of a security system in the Carrs\' house. When Michael expresses an interest in getting revenge on the intruder, Pete invites him on a "ride-along" with his partner, Roy Cole . After dropping Cole off, Pete takes Michael out to arrest the man who broke into the Carrs\' house, offering Michael a chance to take some revenge using Pete\'s nightstick. Michael declines, but Pete administers a vicious beating to the intruder, leaving Michael deeply suspicious of Pete\'s mental stability. He suggests that Pete get some professional help and, especially, stay far away from him and Karen in the future. Pete takes neither suggestion. Instead, he begins to stalk the couple, particularly Karen, with whom he\'s obsessed. Pete even appears in the couple\'s bedroom one night while they are having sex, just to "check that everything\'s OK." When Michael files a complaint against Pete\'s unwanted attentions, Pete uses his police connections to destroy Michael\'s business reputation. Encountering bemused apathy from Pete\'s superiors in the LAPD, Michael turns to Cole . Pete then murders Cole, blaming it on a known criminal. Pete then frames Michael on drug charges by planting a supply of cocaine in the Carrs\' house, leaving the way clear for him to move in on Karen. Putting his attorney\'s finances on the line, Michael gets out on bail and takes matters into his own hands. Back at the Carr house, Karen rejects a now distraught Pete, who  goes berserk and tries to rape her. A confrontation with Mike returning home ends in Michael shooting Pete dead  in  self-defense.'] ['Charles "Corky" Withers has just failed in his first attempt at professional magic. His mentor says that he needs to have a better show business gimmick. A year later, Corky comes back as a combination magician and ventriloquist with a foul-mouthed dummy named Fats and is a huge success. His powerful agent Ben Greene is on the verge of signing Corky for his own television show, but Corky bails out for the Catskills, where he grew up, claiming to be "afraid of success." In truth, he does not want to take the TV network\'s required medical examination because doctors might find out that he suffers from severe issues, and that even off-stage he cannot control Fats . In the Catskills, he reunites with his high-school crush, Peggy Ann Snow, who is stuck in a passionless marriage with Corky\'s friend from high school, Duke. A magic trick with a deck of cards charms Peg into thinking they are soulmates. She and Corky make love, which sparks the jealousy not only of Peggy\'s tough-guy husband but also the dummy Fats. Greene arrives unexpectedly, having tracked Corky down. After a tense confrontation where Greene discovers the truth about Corky\'s mental state, the agent demands that Corky get help. Fats, however, convinces Corky to kill Greene. Corky does this by using Fats\' hard, wooden head. He then removes all of Greene\'s identification and drags the corpse to the lake. When Corky tries to dispose of the body, however, Greene suddenly lunges at him, still alive. Corky, after an intense fight, manages to drown Greene. The next morning, Fats becomes even more possessive and jealous when Corky says that he plans to leave Fats behind so that he and Peggy can honeymoon by themselves. Duke returns from his trip earlier than expected. He suspects his wife cheated on him and wants to have a talk with Corky on the lake. Rather than confront him, Duke awkwardly confides to Corky that he loves Peggy and is worried about losing her. Duke suddenly spots a dead body on the edge of the lake. They row toward it. Duke, believing it could still be alive, sends Corky to get help. Duke finds that the man is indeed dead. Curious, he decides to search Corky\'s cabin. Fats kills him with "help" from Corky.  An increasingly deranged Corky manages to pull himself together and persuade Peg to run away with him. But she insists on waiting to tell Duke face to face. She thinks everything is fine until Fats "comes alive" and reveals that Corky\'s card trick is only a ruse he uses to seduce women, and that Peg is only the latest of his conquests. Repulsed, she rejects Corky and locks herself in her bedroom. Fats says that, from this point on, he will make the decisions in Corky\'s life. He immediately asserts this new authority by ordering Corky to kill Peg. Corky, turning on the charm and using Fats\' voice, apologizes to Peggy from in front of her locked door. A short while later, Corky returns with a bloodstained knife, Fats seems pleased — until it is revealed that the blood on the knife is Corky\'s, having committed suicide so that he won\'t kill anyone else. As a result Fats also feels faint. They wonder which of them will die first. Moments later, Peggy returns to their cabin, happily calling out that she has changed her mind and has decided to run away with Corky after all.'] ["After psychology professorBiesen, Sheri Chinen . Blackout: World War II and the origins of film noir. Johns Hopkins University Press, ISBN 978-0-8018-8218-0 Richard Wanley sends his wife and two children off on vacation, he goes to his club to meet friends. Next door, Wanley sees a striking oil portrait of Alice Reed  in a storefront window. He and his friends talk about the beautiful painting and its subject. Wanley stays at the club and reads Song of Songs. When he leaves, Wanley stops at the portrait and meets Reed, who is standing near the painting watching people watch it. Reed convinces Wanley to join her for drinks. Later, they go to Reed's home, but an unexpected visit from her rich lover Claude Mazard  leads to a fight in which Wanley kills Mazard. Wanley and Reed conspire to cover up the murder, and Wanley disposes Mazard's body in the country. However, Wanley leaves many clues, and there are a number of witnesses. One of Wanley's friends from the club, district attorney Frank Lalor  has knowledge of the investigation, and Wanley is invited back to the crime scene, as Lalor's friend, but not as a suspect. As the police gather more evidence, Reed is blackmailed by Heidt , a crooked ex-cop who was Mazard's bodyguard. Reed attempts to poison Heidt with a prescription overdose when he returns the next day, but Heidt is suspicious and takes the money without drinking the drugs. Reed tells Wanley, who overdoses on the remaining prescription medicine. Heidt is killed in a shootout immediately after leaving Reed's home, and police believe Heidt is Mazard's murderer. Reed races to her home to call Wanley, who is slumped over in his chair. In an impossible match on action, Wanley awakens in his chair at his club, and he realizes the entire adventure was a dream in which employees from the club were main characters in the dream. As he steps out on the street in front of the painting, a woman asks Wanley for a light. He adamantly refuses and runs down the street."] ["An employee for a savings and loan desperate for cash plans and successfully robs a bank as an inside job. At first bank employee Poole  is considered a hero during the bank robbery but the police quickly figure out he's involved in the crime. The police catch up with Poole and his young wife at their apartment. Poole's wife is accidentally shot to death by the police during the gunfight. Poole is arrested, convicted and sent to prison for the robbery. While behind bars, Poole plans his escape and revenge on the men that killed his wife, especially the leader of the police raid, Lt. Wagner . Poole figures the best way to extract revenge is to kill Wagner's wife, Lila ."] ['{{Plot}} The film opens with Gordon Cole  calling Agent Chester Desmond  about the mysterious murder of Teresa Banks in the town of Deer Meadow. Cole introduces Chester to his new partner, Sam Stanley , and they receive clues from Lil the dancer. While Chet explains most of the clues given by the appearance of Lil to Sam, he does not explain the blue rose. After difficulty with the local police force, Desmond and Stanley eventually view Teresa\'s body at a morgue, realizing that her ring is missing and that a letter "T" has been placed under her fingernail. Desmond and Stanley learn about the victim\'s recent past from the town residents. Stanley leaves Deer Meadow after he finishes his part in the investigation, while Desmond remains behind. Desmond later vanishes after picking up Teresa\'s ring in the trailer park where she lived. The following day at FBI headquarters in Philadelphia, long-lost Agent Phillip Jeffries  re-appears. He questions Dale Cooper\'s identity before telling Cole about a meeting he witnessed in a dream. As he explains, we see images of the Man from Another Place, BOB, Mrs. Chalfont and her grandson. Jeffries begins to scream and disappears as we see shots of electrical lines. Desmond is reported missing and Agent Dale Cooper  is sent to Deer Meadow to investigate his disappearance. He sees the words "Let\'s Rock" on the windshield of Desmond\'s car. The clues to Teresa Banks\' murder lead to a dead end. Cooper is certain her killer will strike again. One year later in Twin Peaks, high school homecoming queen Laura Palmer  and Donna Hayward  return to school. Laura takes cocaine and secretly meets with James Hurley ([[James Marshall . After school, Laura talks with Donna about the difference between Hurley and Laura\'s actual boyfriend, Bobby Briggs . Later that day, Laura realizes pages are missing from her secret diary, and tells her friend, the agoraphobic Harold Smith , about it. She claims BOB took the pages. Harold tells Laura that BOB is not real. Laura argues that BOB is real and says that he told her that if she does not let him be her, he will kill her. When Harold argues, Laura says "fire walk with me", her face changing color. Returning to normal and visibly shaken, Laura gives Harold her diary to keep. She leaves, stating she does not know when, or if, she will return. Meanwhile, Cooper tells fellow agent Albert Rosenfield  he believes the killer will strike again and describes the appearance of who he believes the victim will be. During her Meals on Wheels rounds, Laura sees Mrs. Chalfont  and her grandson. Chalfont gives Laura a painting, and her grandson informs Laura that the "man behind the mask" is in Laura\'s room. Laura runs home, where she sees BOB. After Laura rushes outside in terror, she sees her father, Leland , emerge from the house. Laura then realises her father could be BOB. Later that evening, when the Palmer family is about to eat, Leland, upon seeing the half-heart necklace, menaces Laura and questions her about her "lovers." Looking at her finger, Leland insinuates there is dirt underneath the nail. Later, Leland sits on the edge of his bed and suddenly begins to weep. He goes into his daughter\'s bedroom and tells her that he loves her. After he is gone, Laura looks to a picture of an angel on her wall, asking if Leland is really BOB. Remembering the painting she received from Chalfont that she left on the front lawn, Laura goes outside to get it. After hanging it on her wall, she falls asleep. She dreams about entering the Black Lodge and about a ring. Suddenly Cooper enters the room and we see the Man from Another Place. He tells Cooper that he  is "the arm" and he utters an Indian Whooping sound. The Man from Another Place offers the ring to Laura but Cooper tells her not to take the ring. Laura finds Annie Blackburn ([[Heather Graham  next to her in bed, covered in blood. Annie tells Laura in her diary that "the good Dale"  is trapped in the Black Lodge and can\'t leave. Laura sees the ring in her hand and is frightened. Hearing the muffled cry of her mother, Laura goes to her bedroom door. She is suddenly in the painting. When she turns she sees herself sleeping peacefully in her bed. Laura awakens in the morning, and the ring is gone from her hand. Disturbed, she removes the painting from her wall. Meanwhile, Bobby, Leo, and Jacques Renault discuss drug scores. Bobby first phones Leo asking to score more drugs, but Leo hangs up on him. Bobby then calls Jacques at the Roadhouse who agrees to send someone to meet with him in "two days midnight at the sound of sawing wood." That evening, Laura is ready to go to the Roadhouse when Donna tells her of her wish to accompany her, but Laura says she is not invited. As Laura is about to enter the bar, she encounters the Log Lady. Inside the bar, Jacques introduces Laura to two men. The group is about to leave for the Pink Room to have sex, but Donna shows up and wants to come too; impressed by her "audition" kiss, they let her. In the Pink Room, Laura discusses Teresa Banks\' murder with Ronette Pulaski , mentioning the girl\'s hopes of becoming rich by blackmailing someone, then engages in oral sex with the men. Laura is distraught, not with seeing Donna topless but with the jacket she is wearing. It is Laura\'s jacket. Jacques Renault carries her out and Laura and takes her home. The next morning, Laura tells Donna that she does not want Donna to become like her. Leland arrives, becomes blank faced and has a memory of Ronette and Laura laughing on a bed together. Leland takes Laura to breakfast. On the way there, MIKE , the one-armed man, shouts madly at Leland from his pick up truck during a traffic jam at the stoplight in town. Mike accuses Leland of stealing corn. He tells Laura "The look on her face when it was opened… There was a stillness like the formica table top." He shouts at Leland that "the thread will be torn". Showing Laura the ring, Mike attempts to tell her that her father is BOB but both Leland and Laura scream, preventing her from hearing. Leland pulls into a gas station parking lot to gather his wits and recalls his affair with Teresa. After having set up a foursome with Teresa\'s friends, Leland had fled in fear, discovering that Laura was one of them. This led to Teresa discovering who her "John" really was. Leland was the man she was blackmailing. Sensing a change in her father\'s behaviour, Laura questions him about seeing him on the day she found BOB looking for the diary. Later that night, Laura realizes that the ring she saw was the same one from her dream. Leland remembers killing Teresa. The next night, Laura and Bobby take cocaine in the woods, and Jacques sends a drug messenger who is the Sherriff\'s deputy from Deer Meadow, carrying an enormous amount of cocaine. The messenger takes out a gun intending to kill him, but Bobby shoots him and futilely tries to bury him as Laura laughs, high on drugs. The following morning, James worries about Laura taking drugs. Leland gives Sarah Palmer valium to sedate her. After she drifts off to an undisturbed sleep, Leland walks into the hallway to turn on the fan. BOB comes through Laura\'s window and begins raping her. She realizes that BOB has taken over her father. The next morning, distraught, she warns Leland to stay away from her. Upset over the realization her father is actually BOB, Laura cannot concentrate at school. Laura later refuses sex with Bobby, and he finally realizes that Laura was using him to get the cocaine. Still caring for Laura and sensing her pain, Bobby gives her his own drugs. The Angel in Laura\'s painting disappears. In the woods. Laura tells James "his Laura" is gone. Screaming that she loves him, Laura runs away from James deeper into the woods. Laura meets Ronette, Jacques, and Leo, and they hold an orgy in Jacques\' cabin as Leland watches from outside. Jacques wants to have hard sex, and ties Laura up. Leland attacks Jacques outside, and Leo flees in panic. Leland takes Laura and Ronette, both bound, to the train car. Meanwhile, Mike realizes that BOB/Leland is about to kill again and chases after him. As he is tying Laura up a second time, she asks Leland if he is going to kill her. He does not answer. Leland places a mirror in front of her. She screams after seeing her reflection turn into BOB. BOB is real. He tells Laura that he wants her. Ronette prays. She breaks down stating that she is not ready because she is "dirty". Suddenly an angel appears in the train car as all actions stop. The angel causes both Ronette and Laura\'s hands to become unbound. Hearing Mike outside begging to be let in, Ronette, now free, is able to help him open the door. When Leland sees Ronette trying to let him in, he knocks her unconscious and kicks her out of the train car. Mike is able to use this moment to throw in his ring. Laura, whose hands are also free now, wears the ring, preventing BOB from becoming her. Angered that he can\'t be her, BOB kills her as he promised by stabbing her repeatedly. BOB/Leland places Laura\'s body in the lake. As her corpse drifts away, BOB/Leland enters the Black Lodge, where he encounters Mike and the Man from Another Place . They tell BOB that they want all their garmonbozia . BOB heals Leland\'s wound. Laura\'s body washes up on the lake shore where it is found by the Sheriff\'s department the following morning. Laura\'s spirit later sits in the Black Lodge, and notices Agent Cooper at her side, who has a hand on her shoulder. Laura looks deeply saddened until her angel appears, and she begins to cry, and then laugh. The film ends with Laura\'s face in white.'] ["Aleksey Teodorovic Vlassov  is a high ranking KGB official who defects while in France. He has with him highly-classified information as part of a deal with Western intelligence for his arrival in the United States. The debriefing is held at Langley by DCI Allan Davies  and MI6 representative Philip Boyle . Vlassov hands off a list of enemy agents in Western Europe including a deep penetration into NATO. Davies wants to begin operations to take down the agents; however, those on the list suddenly begin to die off. The CIA also has suspicions over the authenticity of Vlassov's claims. The CIA discovers that a defection photo of Vlassov was taken in the Soviet Union, not in Turkey, judging from the contours of Mt. Ararat in the background. Vlassov also fails a lie detector test after he angrily protests about sexual related questions asked by the CIA during the test."] ['Child Susan Starrling  is the sole witness to a killing, but the shock causes her to suffer amnesia about the event. Her father David  is convicted of first degree murder of his wife. However, psychiatrist Caroline Cranford  is convinced she can cure the young girl and begins to suspect that another person is guilty.'] ['At the North Bend Psychiatric Hospital in 1966, a young patient named Tammy is attacked and killed by an unseen force during the night. Kristen , a troubled young woman sets fire to an abandoned farmhouse. The local police take her to the psychiatric hospital. She is taken to the ward where she meets other patients: Iris , Sarah , Emily , and Zoey , and is given Tammy\'s old room. She meets Dr. Stringer , her therapist, but is unable to recall anything about her past. She later attempts to escape, only to be caught and returned to her cell. Waking up in the middle of the night, she sees a horribly disfigured person staring at her. While she is with Iris and Emily, Kristen sees two people looking at her from Dr. Stringer\'s office, but the girls give no clue as to who they are. Whilst taking a shower, Kristen is attacked by the disfigured figure, but upon telling the nurse this, she is drugged and put through intense electroshock therapy. On a session with Dr.Stringer, Iris mentions Tammy, but is immediately halted by the doctor. In Iris\'s last therapy session, Dr. Stringer uses hypnotherapy to unlock her hidden memories. After the session, Iris is killed by the disfigured zombie. Kristen tries to find out what happened to her friend and finds Iris\'s sketchbook, where there is a sketch of the zombie that had attacked her, with the name Alice Hudson written on top. It is revealed that Alice was a patient at the hospital. That night, despite Sarah and Zoey\'s warning that it is nearly impossible to leave, Kristen and Emily attempt to find Iris and escape. However, the alarm is triggered. Kristen is thwarted by Alice\'s zombie and blacks out, reawakening back in her room, and it is revealed that Emily was caught. On her way to her final appointment with Dr. Stringer, Sarah flirts with a nurse, but is rejected. She then goes to the other girls and asks Kirsten what happened to her plan and also seemingly gives her a clue that they did not find Iris because they were "not looking into the right places." After bickering with Emily, she is killed by Alice\'s zombie. Kristen, noticing Sarah is missing and finding out that Zoey\'s doll formerly belonged to Alice, she forces the girl to tell her what is happening. She finds out that all of the girls had killed Alice, lead by Tammy, because Alice constantly hurts them. Now the ghost is after them for revenge. Emily attempts to commits suicide, thinking she is doomed. Kristen attempts to stop her, but Alice\'s zombie appears again and kills Emily. Kristen plans a last attempt to escape by holding Zoey as a pretend hostage. Their attempt is thwarted by Dr. Stringer. She is drugged and placed in a straitjacket. However, she manages to escape and takes Zoey with her to try and break out one last time. Zoey is captured by the zombie and killed. Kristen manages to kill the zombie, and finds a file on Alice Hudson, which details her treatments and all of the girl\'s names, including Kristen\'s. Dr. Stringer then reveals the truth: Kristen\'s real name is Alice Hudson. Throughout the film, various flashbacks are shown of a young girl in chains, about to be sexually abused by an unknown man. The girl in the flashbacks is Alice herself, who was kidnapped from her home eight years ago. Alice was left chained up for two months in the basement of the same farmhouse "Kristen" had burned down; in order to survive the past torture, she created different personalities. Alice is suffering from multiple personality disorder, creating Tammy, Zoey, Sarah, Iris and Emily. Over time, Alice\'s own personality became so overwhelmed by that of the others that she became lost. Through experimental techniques, Dr. Stringer had the zombie "Alice" killing the other personalities one by one until only her original personality remained. He explains that her treatments were working until "Kristen" appeared, yet another invention of Alice\'s mind to protect itself from reliving the trauma at the farmhouse. After this revelation, Alice\'s ghost appears and throws herself and "Kristen" out of the window, reawakening Alice. Alice\'s parents, who she had seen earlier in Dr. Stringer\'s office, come to take her home because she is finally fully treated. After gathering her belongings, Alice takes one last look around her room. Upon opening her cabinet, "Kristen" suddenly comes out and attacks her.'] ["Psychic Alex Gardner  was the 19-year-old prime subject of a scientific research project documenting his psychic ability, but in the midst of the study he disappeared and has since been using his talents solely for personal gain, which lately consists mainly of gambling and womanizing. After running afoul of a local gangster/extortionist named Snead , Gardner evades two of Snead's thugs by allowing himself to be taken by two men, Finch  and Babcock  who identify themselves as being from an academic institution. At the institution, Alex is reunited with his former mentor Dr. Paul Novotny  who is now involved in government-funded psychic research. Novotny, aided by fellow scientist Jane DeVries , has developed a technique that allows psychics to voluntarily link with the minds of others by projecting themselves into the subconscious during REM sleep . Alex is blackmailed into joining Novotny’s project that he  intended to use for a benevolent purpose as a clinic to diagnose and treat sleep disorders, particularly in the form of nightmares, but the project has been hijacked by Bob Blair , a powerful government agent with possible CIA ties, though it is never clearly revealed in the film. Alex eventually discovers that he is actually involved in a U.S. government-funded project to use this dream-linking technique for assassination. Before the plot is revealed, Alex gains experience helping a man worried about his wife’s infidelity and taking over the case of a young boy named Buddy  who’s plagued with nightmares so terrible that a previous psychic lost his mind in an attempt to help Buddy. Buddy's nightmare bogeyman involves a large snakeman which later becomes a weakness for Alex.  A subplot involving Alex and Jane’s growing infatuation culminates with him sneaking into Jane's dream without the use of the machine that is a part of the process, a point Jane does not realize at first because she is too angry that Alex was able to have sex with her in her dream. With the help of a novelist named Charlie Prince , who has been covertly investigating the project for the basis of a new book, Alex learns of Blair’s sinister intentions.  Prince and Novotny are both murdered to silence them; things get worse when the President of the United States  is admitted as a patient and Alex’s colleague Tommy Ray Glatman , a psychopath who  shot and killed his own father, is sent into the President's nightmare by Blair in an attempt to assassinate the President. Blair considers the President a threat to national security due to the President's nightmares of a post-apocalyptic world, which represent his fears and becomes cause for his wishing to enter unfavorable negotiations for nuclear disarmament. Alex and Jane manage to get close enough to the President’s room for Alex to project himself into the President's dream and save him: after a fight in which Glatman rips out a police officer's heart, attempts to incite a mob of nuclear attack victims to attack the President, and battles Alex in the form of the snake-monster from Buddy's dream, Alex assumes the appearance of Glatman's murdered father  in order to distract him, allowing the President to ram a spear into Glatman's back, killing him. The President is grateful to Alex but reluctant to confront Blair, who apparently holds a truly powerful position in the government. To protect himself and Jane, Alex enters Blair’s dream and murders him before Blair can bring about any sort of retribution. The film ends with Jane and Alex boarding a train to Louisville, Kentucky, intent on making their previous dream encounter a reality. Encountering the ticket conductor from Jane's dream gives them a moment of pause."] ['The film is set partially in the business offices and partially in the underworld of Paris. Carla, a lonely woman burdened by lack of respect from her co-workers and her only friend, Annie, begins to change after a younger man enters her life. Carla is introduced immediately with a shot of her putting in her hearing aids. She is an overworked and under-appreciated secretary for a construction company, ridiculed behind her back by her co-workers who do not know she is deaf but despise her homely appearance and subservient position. After she faints from exhaustion she accepts the boss\'s offer to hire an intern to lighten her load. The first applicant to be her assistant, Paul, is an ex-convict who is not technically qualified to be Carla\'s assistant, but she hires him. Paul\'s affable nature and "bad boy" spirit relieve Carla\'s loneliness and open up new possibilities for her. She rebuffs his initial clumsy sexual advances, but gradually they become a team, using creative but questionable methods to improve Carla\'s position at work. Paul convinces her to help him&nbsp;– by using her lip-reading skills&nbsp;– to rob Marchand, a nightclub owner to whom he owes a lot of money and for whom he is working at night to pay off the debt. Reluctant at first, Carla becomes more intrigued as problems arise. After Paul fails to find the money, Carla finds it in Marchand\'s freezer and takes it to the car where she waits for Paul. Marchand discovers the theft, thinks Paul stole the money, catches and beats him. Carla ingeniously engineers his escape and the robbery\'s total success single-handedly and with obvious relish. As the movie ends, she instigates their making out for the first time in the car.'] ['Psychiatrist Michael Hunter  and his wife are watching their daughter Shelly\'s school play. Their son Kyle, who is suffering from depression, stays at home, because he cannot stand being around people. While the parents are applauding Shelly, Kyle commits suicide in the family\'s garage. Several years later the family has fallen apart because of their loss. Michael retreats, writes books and holds speeches for students at his alma mater, but he no longer treats patients. When his former student, Barbara Wagner, approaches him asking for help with a case, he initially refuses, but later gives in to taking over the case of 17-year-old Thomas "Tommy" Caffey , who witnessed his father murder his mother. It is Michael\'s job to decide if the teenager can leave the psychiatric facility when he turns 18. But while working with Tommy, Michael realizes how much the boy reminds him of his own son, and begins to relive his guilt. In flashbacks and conversations, background information of Kyle\'s suicide is shown. Michael had sent his son to a therapist, his old friend Harry Quinlan, instead of taking medication. In his son\'s suicide letter, Michael finds out that Quinlan had molested him. When Michael goes to confront Quinlan, he doesn\'t answer the door. From the backdoor, Michael sees Quinlan holding a gun to his own head; he angrily goads Quinlan into pulling the trigger, and Quinlan ultimately commits suicide. Tommy rebuffs a girl at a party because she wants to have sex with him. At the same party, Tommy befriends Shelly and they become close. Shelly tells Tommy about Kyle and from then on, Tommy uses the information in therapy sessions and manipulates Michael, who more and more sees his own son in him. When Michael visits Tommy\'s father in prison, he finds out that Tommy had an incestuous relationship with his mother; Tommy\'s father had beat her to death after walking in on the two of them having sex. Tommy tries to make Barbara release but when she refuses, he breaks into her apartment and knocks her out. He flees with a stolen car and, armed with a weapon, picks up Shelly and speeds off with her. Michael finds the severely-wounded Barbara in her apartment and follows Tommy. The boy\'s flight comes to an end at the train tracks. Michael confronts Tommy with what his mother did to him, and Tommy surrenders. When a train approaches, Tommy tears loose from Michael\'s embrace and runs onto the tracks, only for Michael to save him at the last second. In the closing scene, Michael and Tommy lightheartedly play ball together at the institution.'] ['In a small American town, the town residents live peacefully in a small community. But one day, trucks mysteriously start to come to life and develop their own minds, but they end up prompting violence, starting to destroy houses and kill people, and the rest of the townspeople have to figure out a way how to destroy them all before they kill all the residents of the town.'] ['After murdering his father, wealthy Vincent Towers decides to fake his own death. He plants a car bomb in an attempt to kill a nearly identical half-brother, Clay Arlington, after persuading Arlington to switch identities with him. Arlington survives, but requires facial reconstruction and also has lost most of his memory. Dr. Renee Descartes is there during his recovery. Towers resurfaces and tries once more to eliminate him, but is killed himself. Arlington makes a decision to make his new identity a permanent one.'] ['An elderly couple  use a new method of hypnosis to share the experiences of others. A bored young man named Mike Roscoe , serves as their surrogate in acts which become more and more amoral and violent.'] ['An unnamed British ghostwriter  is recruited to complete the memoirs of former Prime Minister Adam Lang . His predecessor on the project and Lang\'s long-term aide, Mike McAra, died in an apparent accident. The writer travels to the fictional Massachusetts village of Old Haven on Martha\'s Vineyard, where Lang is staying with his wife, Ruth , and a staff of servants and security personnel. The writer is checked into a small hotel. Lang\'s personal assistant , Amelia Bly , forbids him to take McAra\'s manuscript outside, emphasizing that it is a security risk. Shortly after the writer\'s arrival, Lang is accused by former Foreign Secretary Richard Rycart  of authorising the illegal seizure of suspected terrorists and handing them over for torture by the CIA, a possible war crime. Lang faces prosecution by the International Criminal Court unless he stays in the U.S. or any other country that does not recognise the court\'s jurisdiction. As reporters and protesters swarm the island, the writer is moved into McAra\'s old room at Lang\'s house, where personal belongings have not been cleared out yet. Lang travels to Washington while the writer clears the room, finding an envelope containing clues suggesting McAra may have stumbled on a dark secret. Among the material is a handwritten phone number. During a bicycle ride around the island, the writer encounters an old man  who tells him that the current couldn\'t have taken McAra\'s body from the ferry where he disappeared to the beach where it was discovered. He reveals that a neighbour saw flashlights on the beach the night the body was discovered, but later fell off a ladder and went into a coma. The writer is later intercepted by Ruth and her security guard, who take him back to the estate. There, Ruth admits that Lang has never been very political, and until recently had always taken her advice. When the writer tells her the old man\'s story, she suddenly rushes out into the rainy night to "clear her head." Upon returning, she confides in the writer that Lang and McAra had argued the night before he died. She and the writer end up sleeping together. The next morning, the writer decides he is getting too intimate with his subject and moves back to the hotel. After finding some photos of Lang\'s college days, driving McAra\'s car, he uses pre-programmed directions on the vehicle\'s GPS that lead him to Belmont, at the estate of Professor Paul Emmett . Emmett denies anything more than a cursory acquaintance with Lang, despite the writer showing him two photographs of the two of them, as well as another one on the wall of his study. When the writer tells Emmett that the GPS directions to Emmett\'s house were programmed the night McAra died and that his predecessor visited him, Emmett denies any knowledge and becomes evasive. The writer leaves Emmett\'s estate, and he is followed by a car, but manages to elude it. The writer boards the ferry, but when he sees the car that had followed him drive aboard, with two men looking for him, he flees the boat at the last moment and checks into a small motel by the ferry dock. Not knowing who to turn to, the writer dials the handwritten phone number, only to discover it belongs to Rycart, who inquires about his whereabouts and indicates he\'ll pick him up. While waiting for Rycart, the writer does a Google search on Emmett and finds that, in addition to being a Pulitzer Prize-winning professor, he is linked with a military contractor through his think tank. He also finds leads that connect Emmett to the CIA as far back as the 1970s, when the agency recruited academics for the creation of propaganda material to be used abroad. When Rycart arrives, he tells the writer that McAra supplied him with documents linking Lang to torture flights. He also reveals that McAra had found something new before he died, confiding to Rycart that in case anything happened, the clues would be in the "beginning" of the book. The men cannot, however, find anything in the manuscript\'s early pages. The writer the reveals all of the information he found about Emmet, theorizing that he recruited Lang, to which Rycart agrees, saying that, for all his tenure as Prime Minister, all of Lang\'s decisions were aimed at helping the U.S. When the writer is summoned to accompany Lang on the return flight, he confronts Lang and accuses him of being a CIA agent recruited by Emmett and tells him that McAra was outing him out with Rycart. Lang derides his suggestions. Upon alighting the aircraft, Lang is assassinated by a British anti-war protestor, who is in turn shot by Lang\'s bodyguards. The writer is questioned by U.S. authorities as a prime witness, his passport withheld, though later recovered by his publicist. Despite Lang\'s death, the writer is asked to complete the book for posthumous publication, as in light of the recent events, it will be a best-seller. During the book\'s launch party in London, Amelia unwittingly tells the writer that the Americans tightened access to the book, as the "beginnings" contained evidence that threatened national security. She also tells him that Emmett was Ruth\'s tutor when she was a Fulbright scholar in Harvard. The writer realises that the clues were hidden in the original manuscript at the beginning of each chapter, and discovers the message, "Lang\'s wife Ruth was recruited as a CIA agent by Professor Paul Emmett of Harvard University." Ruth shaped Lang\'s every political decision to benefit the United States, under direction from the CIA. The writer passes a note to Ruth telling of his discovery. She unfolds the note, and is devastated. When she sees the writer raising a glass, she is kept from following him by Emmett and other assistants. As the writer leaves the party he attemps to take a taxi, without success, and as he crosses the street off-camera, a car accelerates in his direction, and sound effects and flying papers indicate that he has been hit.'] ['The film centers on four young girls , who are on a cross-country road-trip to Las Vegas. En route, they pick up a seemingly-harmless hitchhiker , and continue their journey, only for their car to break down in a deserted motel on a lonely highway. Waiting for a mechanic to arrive, the girls settle down in the hotel for the night. They wait out in the pool and Jack shows some interest in Melinda  Krista gets up later while the other girls are sleeping and lets herself in to Jack\'s room where they proceed to have rough sex. Later, Patty  and Denise  are teasing Krista while the mechanic  goes to Jack\'s truck to fix it, only to be shot in the head by Jack. Meanwhile, Jack brings some Cannabis in the form of a drink. All of the girls drink it except Melinda, who just takes a sip. She passes out, waking up the next day to find that the motel manager Doug  has been stabbed to death. Jack brings her to his plastic lined room, where she discovers the rest of the girls tied up. Jack then argues with the terrified girls while Melinda pleads with him to let them go. Denise tells Jack that she has no one and he asks her if she can love him. Denise agrees only to be forced onto the bed at knife-point by Jack. He then demands Melinda join them on the bed and brutally rapes her and then Denise. While he is raping Denise, Melinda grabs a piece of plastic from the ceiling and proceeds to suffocate Jack. The girls then run outside to the truck but can\'t find the keys. Krista runs back inside the motel to find them and they get in the truck but find that it won\'t start. They then start arguing that they have to leave, but Melinda says they have to go back and kill Jack. Patty stabs him in the chest and the girls run out, all safe except for Krista whom Jack shoots. Melinda tries and fails to take out the bullet, and Krista dies. Jack gets in the tow truck and runs. Later, a newly married couple – Jennifer  and Steve  – check into the motel, unaware of the girls. Later Steve knocks on Jack\'s room and Melinda answers. Steve, seeing the girls kicks the door open and Jack shoots him in the eye before knocking out Jennifer a while later. Two cops come visit, and the girls escape in their car, all except Patty who was shot 16 times in the stomach. Jack kills Jennifer with a shotgun, and Melinda and Denise escape in the car. Several weeks later Melinda and Denise are on Melinda\'s porch discussing the past events and its effect on them. Finally Denise says she must go home to her two dogs. Melinda asks her what dogs she got and Denise replies with a smile, "A Doberman and a pit bull." Later on that night Melinda is in her bathroom washing her face and we see a shadow move behind her. When she stands up straight once more she sees Jack\'s reflection in the mirror. When she turns around he is gone. Late that night Melinda is asleep with her husband when see wakes to a noise. She wakes her husband and he says it\'s just the porch gate, but he goes to check it out anyway. He fixes the gate and when he enters the house he is attacked by Jack. Melinda goes to check on her husband and finds him tied to a chair and Jack with a gun to his head. After a heated conversation in which Melinda yells she doesn\'t love Jack he is about to shoot her, but she shoots him first. He falls to the ground but lifts his gun once more saying, "What goes around comes around." Melinda shoots him again and the film ends.'] ['An ice cold tale of misguided ambition and savage revenge. Set in the bowels of an iconic derelict Los Angeles high-rise, we follow Lauren and her real-estate investing fiancé as they discover first hand what happens when a madman leads not with emotion, but rather chilling rationality. The Man in question brings a heaping helping of sanity and jet-black humor to the crazy table. The result is a wonderfully off-kilter horror/thriller that never goes where we expect, but rather draws the audience deeper into a surprising world that has dark corners even in the brightest rooms.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1415284/.html'] ['The story centers on a 1931 heiress kidnapped for ransom by a brutal gang, whose mentally-impaired "leader" ([[Scott Wilson   falls in love with her. It was previously filmed in England in 1949 under its original title, and the central conceit was that the heiress, who felt stifled by her upper-class life-style, fell in love with the abductor and his comparative freedom to live his life on the edge. In this remake, Aldrich and Griffiths reversed this angle; here, she merely strings him along in an attempt to escape. This version was also played more for laughs, in particular the outlandishly deranged behavior of the gang.'] ["Jerome Martinaud, a wealthy, influential attorney in a small French town who falls under suspicion for the rape and murder of two little girls. He is the only suspect, but the evidence against him is circumstantial. As the city celebrates New Year's Eve, the police led by Inspector Antoine Gallien, who is investigating the double rape/murder case, brings the lawyer in for questioning; at first politely, and then less so, as the interrogation team consisting of Inspectors Gallien and Marcel Belmont chips away at the suspect's alibi. They interrogate him for hour after hour while Martinaud continues to maintain his innocence. We learn all about the evidence; we meet Martinaud's wife Chantal who tells Gallien about the rift between them and the origin of it, which may be an eight year old girl  Martinaud was in love with; but will we, and Gallien, finally learn whether Martinaud is guilty?"] ["From the press release: Dead to everything except painful pleasure, an unhappily married woman, Nancy, leaves her silent husband behind to meet a fellow broken soul in search of a final release. Louis is a quiet dispenser of pleasure, Nancy is the mechanism set to self-destruct. Beyond therapy, beyond medication, beyond feeling, Nancy is left with the only coping mechanism she ever knew, violence. Together, they journey through the darkest recesses of the human mind before finding solace in each other's arms. For Nancy, solace can only come from death, for Louis, it can only come from Nancy.  Nancy's husband Albert is left with an empty house, filled with only the memory of his wife's unbearable loneliness and a final, endless understanding of how bleak life could be. The relationship between Louis and Nancy straddles the thin line between pleasure and pain, crossing over into a film that is as emotional as it is unnerving."] ['Australian cop Phillip  works as a Cybercrime investigator for Interpol. Phillip finds himself shaken after investigating a case in Hamburg, Germany, in which a man consents to have his penis cut off and eaten by his lover. Phillip\'s own relationship is troubled due to his frequent travel and difficulties with romantic intimacy, and he finds himself unable to respond positively to his beautiful girlfriend\'s sexual overtures. The two have rough sex that gets out of hand, and she leaves him after writing "pig" on his chest with lipstick. Meanwhile, Phillip has been working with his partner, Nigel , to investigate a fetish website that features morbidly obese women being held captive and fed fattening food. The website\'s intricate encryption suggests that the webmaster is concealing a deeper perversion, and, despite the objections of his superiors, Phillip travels to Toledo, Ohio to investigate the webmaster and determine the whereabouts of "Lucy," a former site favorite. In Ohio, the site\'s sadistic webmaster, Michael Carter , holds Deidre  captive in a ramshackle cottage in the woods. After questioning a local priest, Michael\'s adoptive sister, and his thin, attractive wife, Phillip manages to track Michael to the cottage, where the latter is preparing to feed Deidre a thick slurry of eggs and weight gain powder. Phillip learns that Michael developed a sexual fascination with obese women due to his troubled relationship with his overweight, immobile mother, who died when he was a child. He also uncovers the twist in Michael\'s fetish website: not only are paying site members able to watch him feed and fornicate with obese women, but they can place bets on when each woman will die, using posted statistics on their body proportions, blood pressure, and other medical indicators. In the cottage, Phillip finds Lucy\'s decaying remains and then confronts Michael; Michael reveals that he killed his mother and fed Lucy until she died. The slurry-like preparation he was attempting to feed Deidre through a tube contains some of the fat he had carved from Lucy\'s body. After a struggle, Phillip shoots Deidre, who maintains her love for Michael even as Philip tells her about his deceptions, and two shots can be heard off screen. The final scene reveals Phillip living in suburban bliss with Michael\'s overweight adoptive sister. He takes some sandwiches she has packed for him and drives to the cottage in the woods, where he eats them with gusto, pausing to tantalize a wheelchair-bound Michael with one. Michael, starving and emaciated, begs Phillip to "Feed me."'] ['While on a tour in Hollywood, a young couple, Joel and Donna Gregory , arrive at the house of Lorna Love, an infamous actress who died in 1935. There, they meet with housekeepers Clara Josephs  and Oscar Payne , to investigate the mystery behind Lorna and finish a book that they are writing on the actress, an interest that came out of the discovery that Joel\'s father was her lover. While staying at the mansion, strange incidents occur. The couple immediately notice a portrait of Lorna, painted by Joel\'s father, and shortly after, Donna catches a 1930s-dressed woman at the center-located shrine in the garden. At their first night, they are visited by Conan Carroll , a film director who directed Lorna in her first breakthrough film Gone of Desire. Conan claims that Lorna ruined his life, and that Joel Sr. was the only person ever to walk away from her, after telling her that she had no soul. He quickly wants to exit the mansion, leaving Joel and Donna with even more questions. As Conan leaves, he is attacked by an unknown creature, and falls in the fountain, in which he drowns following a heart attack. While processing this information, Donna finds a mysterious blade that was commonly used in witchcraft and one of her photos torn apart. Joel, meanwhile, tries to find out more on a locked room, and finds out through Clara that it was Joel Sr. and Lorna\'s bedroom. Later that day, Joel and Donna visit Denise Christian , an aged actress and former rival of Lorna at a set for a commercial. Denise explains that Lorna tried to blackball her at every studio as soon as Denise became as big of a star as her. She continues to tell that she first met Joel Sr. at the studio - where Joel Sr. was working in the art department - and that Lorna stole him from her just to bug Denise. Denise concludes to reveal that Lorna contacted a healer for eternal beauty and youth, and could not sleep ever since: after Joel Sr. smashed all the windows and left, she lived in a spiritual world of eternal fire. Back at the mansion, Joel finds a book about witch spells, and becomes obsessed with Lorna, fantasizing about her . Moments later, the same man who scared Conan tries to murder Donna through carbon monoxide poisoning in a locked bathroom, and Joel and Clara are only just in time to save her. Donna initially insists on leaving, but decides to support her husband as he explains that he is near discovering Lorna\'s secrets and thus can\'t leave yet. They next meet with Marcella Geffenhart , Lorna\'s self-proclaimed best friend. She tells them about "Father Eternal Fire", a spiritual man, though refuses to elaborate on the witchcraft blade that Donna found. After the conversation, Donna claims that Marcella is the woman who ran past Lorna\'s shrine on the first day of their arrival, and wants to continue meeting with Marcella. Joel, however, forbids her from doing so, explaining that Lorna deserves to have secrets. That evening – in an obsessed rage - Joel breaks into Lorna\'s bedroom and reads about details of Joel Sr.\'s affair with her. Donna, meanwhile, has again spotted the woman from day one and reaches out to Joel for help. The next morning, Donna pleads to leave, but Joel again protects Lorna and refuses to go. Donna then meets with Oscar reveals that part of the healer\'s activities involved fire, and that her husband is not safe in the mansion. Donna hurries to save Joel, and finds a terrified Marcella at the mansion along with the witchcraft blade cut through a photo of her. As she looks around, she finds out that Clara Josephs is actually a very alive Lorna. She rushes to save Joel, but he does not recognize her and instead turns to Clara/Lorna. While under her spell, Joel kisses her at the shrine and fire breaks out. Donna goes in to save Joel, and leaves Clara/Lorna to burn to death.'] ["When 16 year old Scott Byers decided to bring a camcorder to school, none of his schoolmates ever imagined what was to come. Only Scott's five closest friends and followers have the insight on his master plan. He is on a quest for the ultimate thrill, as he documents the day's events, anticipating the grand finale: Scott plans to commit suicide on camera. His friends become fascinated by his idea and decide to join the action for various reasons; home problems, romance and even boredom. They pull behind their leader and set out to make history. The rush is instantaneous. Emotions run wild. Pressure mounts as shocking details are revealed. The search for the final adventure takes an unexpected turn down a dark road. This journey turns out to be much more than what Scott and his friends had ever anticipated. The film is shot in Blair Witch Project style handheld. Created in 2004, State's Evidence travelled around the film festival circuits until it was picked up by distributor Terra Entertainment, and released on DVD on November 7th, 2006."] ['Isaac Barr  is a top-notch San Francisco Freudian psychiatrist, who has Diana Baylor  on the patient\'s couch. He is treating her for frightening and horrific childhood memories, which include images of her drunken father and his death in a fire for which she wasn\'t blamed. One night, Heather Evans  enters Barr\'s office and says she is Baylor\'s sister. She asks Barr for information about her sister\'s case. It is implied, as part of the treatment, that Isaac speak to Heather to find out more about her sister\'s past experiences and determine if she might provide information Diana has forgotten. Not long after, Heather seduces Isaac, and a steamy affair follows. The problem: Heather is married to Jimmy Evans , a violent and wealthy Greek gangster. She also has a way of embarrassing Jimmy in public by taking a sip of wine and then flipping into an attack of "pathological intoxication," which can end with the restaurant in shambles. It turns out Heather is trying to involve unsuspecting Isaac in a diabolical plan to murder Jimmy and collect a $4 million double indemnity life insurance policy on him. She\'s also using Diana as bait and wants Isaac framed for the murder.'] ['A successful New York attorney, Gavin Banek, is in a rush to file a power of appointment, which will prove a dead man signed his foundation over to Banek\'s law firm. He has a collision with another car, belonging to an insurance salesman, Doyle Gipson, who is also in a rush to a hearing to try to gain custody of his children and to prevent his estranged wife from taking them to Oregon. Banek tries to brush Gipson off with a blank check thereby disobeying the law. After Gipson refuses to accept the check and voices his desire to "do the right thing", that is, filing a police report and insurance claim, Banek strands Gipson, telling him, "better luck next time". After arriving to the court late, Gipson learns that it proceeded without him and that it didn\'t go in his favor. Unfortunately for Banek, he dropped the crucial power of appointment file at the scene of the accident, and the judge gives him until the end of the day to re-obtain the papers and present them. Gipson, who took the papers, has no intention of returning them, and in desperation, Banek goes to someone skilled with computers and gets him to switch off Gipson\'s credit. Gipson needed credit for a loan so he could buy a house for his family, and he becomes further enraged, determined to make life difficult for Banek. Both men continue to do morally reprehensible things in an attempt to one-up each other, and eventually they begin to question their actions. Though it is made clear that Banek and Gipson are radically different, they both have an angry, vengeful streak, each capable of abandoning his morals just to punish the other. The film ends with both men having a new outlook on life, concentrating on ethics and the moral implications of their actions. Ultimately the two men apologize to each other and Gipson returns the file, but it looks to be too late for both of what they were trying to do. Banek ends up using the file to force his boss to do the right thing and plans to represent Gipson pro bono so he can get the house he wants. Banek also visits Gipson\'s wife to explain everything to her, knowing he owes Gipson that much. The movie ends with Gipson\'s wife and children smiling at him from across the street, indicating a possible reconciliation or at the very least some kind of arrangement between the two in the future.'] ["The plot revolves around a confidence trickster, Dr. Acula  who pretends to be able to contact the dead, and charges people large amounts of money to speak to their relatives. The ending involves Acula inadvertently summoning a group of real ghosts, and being imprisoned for all eternity. The movie features a prologue and a brief acting role by Criswell, who also narrated Wood's Plan 9 from Outer Space."] ['Julie Kohler  is introduced to us trying to kill herself by leaping from an upstairs window, only to be stopped by her mother  before she can jump. She is in black clothing and in obvious grief, but the reason is not yet revealed. Suddenly, Julie changes her attitude and informs her mother of her decision to take a long trip to forget. Yet, apparently, this is not really what she has in mind, since she gets on the train in the presence of her young niece and then right afterwards steps down from the other side. From this point on it is clear that she has something else in mind. The next time we see her, her hair is changed, she is in white and looking for a man called Bliss. Bliss , a ladies\' man, is having a party on the eve of his wedding, but when Julie shows up mysteriously uninvited and aloofly attractive, he cannot resist the temptation to approach her and try to find out whether she is a figure of his past. While they are alone on the balcony of Bliss\'s high-rise apartment, she tells him her name as she pushes him off the balcony to his death. She leaves before anyone else realizes what has happened. Her next victim is Coral , a lonely bachelor, whom she lures to a concert by leaving a ticket with his concierge. After the concert, they agree to meet the following night. Coral can\'t believe his luck. Before their rendezvous, Julie is seen buying a bottle of liqueur and injecting the contents of a syringe into it. When she meets Coral at his apartment, she serves him the poisoned liqueur and watches as it takes effect. When he collapses in agony, she reveals her identity to him. He begs for his life, explaining that it was all an accident. We then see a wedding procession pause on the steps of a church, at which time a single shot rings out and the groom falls to the ground. As she travels to her next victim, Julie is seen crossing off a name in a little black book. She cases the next victim, Morane , by following his wife and young son as they walk home from school. She befriends the boy, and lures the wife away by sending a fake telegram that the wife\'s mother has fallen ill. Julie arrives at the house posing as the boy\'s teacher and offers to cook dinner for Morane and his son. She responds calmly to the boy\'s claims that she\'s not really his teacher with some details that she had learned from the boy earlier, so Morane is not suspicious. After dinner, she plays hide-and-seek with the boy, hiding in an enclosed crawlspace underneath the stairs, before putting him to bed. As she is leaving, she "notices" that she has lost a ring. Morane helps her look for it, checking the crawlspace where she had hidden earlier, at which point she suddenly closes the crawlspace door and locks Morane inside. She reveals her true identity, and he pleads for his life. Finally, it\'s revealed that Julie\'s husband was killed by an accidental shot by Delvaux , one of a group of five friends that included Bliss, Coral and Morane. The five men had been hunting and were carelessly horsing around with one of their rifles in their room across the street from the church. They were horrified by the accident, and quickly disbanded, hoping never to have to confront their guilt. Remorselessly, Julie duct-tapes the gaps in the door frame, sealing Morane inside to suffocate. As she waits for Delvaux to approach her in his junkyard, where she plans to kill him with a handgun, he is arrested by the police. She puts a question mark next to his name in her book, and moves on to the fifth member of the hunting group: Fergus , an artist. He thinks she is a model sent by his agency, and she models for him as the huntress Diana, eventually shooting him in the back with an arrow. She cuts her face out of the painting, keeping with her habit of covering her tracks. She then finds a mural Fergus has painted on his wall that depicts her reclining in the nude. She starts to paint over the mural\'s face, but then decides not to, and leaves. At Fergus\' funeral, she allows herself to be caught. She calmly admits to the police that she has murdered all four men, but does not reveal why. The film moves to a prison, where a soup cart is making its rounds. At each cell, the door is opened, and the prisoners are given some soup and some bread. Julie is revealed as a prisoner in the women\'s wing, and Delvaux is revealed as a prisoner on the men\'s side. When it is Julie\'s turn to work in the kitchen, she hides a knife on the soup cart. The cart makes its rounds, and turns a corner out of sight. After a brief pause, a man is heard screaming, and the movie ends.'] ['An aircraft carrying young military school cadets returning home crash lands into the sea near a remote, uninhabited, jungle island. Among the survivors is the pilot, Captain Benson , who is seriously injured and delirious. On the island, an overweight cadet, whose real name is not revealed, but gets nicknamed “Piggy” , finds a conch seashell and takes it to the group of cadets, who adopt it to signal the right to speak and be heard by the group. Ralph , the most senior cadet , and one of the oldest boys, calls a meeting to discuss surviving their predicament. Ralph and Jack  emerge dominant, with Ralph\'s seniority in rank making him the one in charge. Tensions begin to grow between Ralph, focused on rescue, and Jack, focused on hunting and survivng, however, and the group eventually becomes divided between the two leaders when Jack, tired of listening to Ralph and Piggy, leaves and forms his own camp, taking a majority of the boys with him. One night, as they sleep, the delusional Capt. Benson wanders into the jungle, eventually making his way to a cave deep inland. Later, one of the boys, Larry , in the darkness of the cave, mistakes Capt. Benson for a wild animal and kills him. Expecting to be rescued, Ralph\'s civilized leadership maintains a permanent signal-fire to alert passing ships of their presence on the island. Not expecting to be rescued, Jack\'s savage leadership adapts to circumstance; he establishes his camp as spear-bearing hunters. They kill a wild pig and leave its head as an offering to "the beast" that they believe is in the cave. One night, using a glow stick, Simon  explores the cave where the “beast” was killed, and discovers the cadaver of Capt. Benson. He runs to alert the boys of his discovery, interrupting a tense meeting of the two groups. Before he can do so, however, Simon\'s waving of the light leads him to be mistaken for the beast and Jack\'s group stabs him to death with their spears as Ralph and Piggy watch in horror. Later, Piggy\'s glasses are stolen by Jack\'s group. Piggy and Ralph travel to Jack\'s camp, attempting to call a meeting using the conch. Piggy insists that everyone be sensible and work together, but Jack\'s savage followers refuse to listen. As they jeer him, Roger  pushes a boulder off a cliff and smashes Piggy\'s head, causing his death. A distraught Ralph swears that Jack will not get away with this, but Jack declares that Ralph is now on his own as Simon and Piggy are dead and all the other cadets have defected and joined Jack. Jack and his savages throw stones at Ralph to drive him away. The next day, Jack and his hunters begin setting the jungle on fire to force Ralph out of hiding so they can kill him. Just barely dodging the spreading fire and Jack\'s hunters, Ralph makes a desperate run to the sea, where he encounters a United States Marine Corps officer  who has just landed on the island with other Marines. He is surprised to see them there, and asks what they are doing. Ralph begins to sob while a shocked, guilty, and horrified Jack and his stunned hunters look on in silence.'] ['Forensic psychiatrist Dr. Jack Gramm  testifies at the trial of suspected serial murderer Jon Forster , dubbed "The Seattle Slayer" by police. Gramm\'s testimony and expert psychiatric opinion are crucial to help convict Forster of the murder of Joanie Coates, who was drugged with halothane, hung upside down, and raped and tortured after the killer broke into her home. After receiving his conviction by the jury, Forster taunts Gramm, saying "Tick- tock, Doc." Nine years later, as Forster\'s execution date approaches, several similar torture murders with very similar modus operandi occur. Gramm is questioned by a lawyer from the Attorney General\'s office as well as FBI Special Agent Frank Parks ([[William Forsythe  about his connection to the latest victim, Dale Morris, a former psychology student of Gramm\'s with whom he was at a party the night before, just hours before her death. On the way to his class, Gramm receives a phone call from someone using software to distort their voice, threatening he has 88 minutes to live. He later reports the call to his secretary Shelly  and has her put together a risk assessment profile of potential perpetrators. Gramm receives another threatening phone call while teaching and becomes suspicious of his students, particularly Mike Stempt . The Dean of students, Carol Johnson , interrupts the class to evacuate the building due to a bomb threat called in. As he evacuates the lecture hall, Gramm finds a written threat on the overhead projector in the classroom as well as on his car, which has been vandalized in the parking garage. Gramm then is met by his teaching assistant Kim Cummings  who offers to help him find the person that\'s been targeting him. In the stairwell of the parking garage, Gramm comes upon one of his students, Lauren Douglas , attacked by an unknown assailant and reports the assault to Campus Security. Gramm and Kim go to his condo where a package has been delivered. Lauren Douglas drops by with the risk assessment of people who may want to kill him that he had asked Shelly to fax to his home. The package contains an old audio tape of his kid-sister, Katie, begging for her life and her subsequent murder. Gramm later explains she was killed several years ago when he left her alone in his apartment while he attended an important meeting; the crime took exactly 88 minutes. As Gramm determines someone had accessed his secure files area to obtain the audio tape, suddenly Kim\'s ex-husband, Guy LaForge , shows up with a gun but is shot and killed from behind by an unknown person wearing a motorcycle helmet and leather protective gear. The shooter flees through the crowd outside after a fire alarm is triggered in the building. Next, Gramm and Kim visit Sara Pollard , the woman Gramm was with the night before, but find her murdered in her apartment with evidence incriminating Gramm. Carol calls Gramm and makes comments suggesting that she is the killer and demands Gramm meet her at his office. Shelly arrives at Sara\'s apartment and advises Gramm she suspects Lauren was the one who stole the audio tape of Gramm\'s sister\'s death. Kim disappears from the apartment and later calls Gramm with a threat similar to Carol\'s, also demanding he meet her at the office. Through prison visitation records, Gramm deduces that Forster\'s appeals attorney, "Lydia Doherty" is actually Lauren using a pseudonym, and surmises she set up the frame on orders from Forster from jail. Kim calls again instructing Gramm to come to another nearby location on campus where he finds Carol has been hung over a seventh floor balcony and Kim is tied up and gagged, held at gun point by Lauren. Lauren threatens Gramm and forces him to "confess" on tape that he gave false testimony at Forster\'s trial. Special Agent Parks arrives and shoots Lauren, causing both Carol and Lauren to fall from the balcony. Gramm saves Carol, but Lauren comes loose and plummets to her death. When Forster calls asking to speak with Lauren, Gramm informs him Lauren is dead, the set up is over. He then quips "Tick tock, tick tock, you got 12 hours to live." He then hurls the phone into the atrium, where it strikes the ground floor and shatters.'] ['Suburban New Jersey, Christmas Eve - 1947: A Christmas Eve experience traumatizes Harry. He catches his mother being sexually groped by his dad, who\'s dressed up as Santa. The child then goes up to the attic and cuts his hand with a shard of glass from a shattered snow globe. Thirty-three years later, an adult Harry now works in "a lousy position" at the Jolly Dreams toy factory. At home, he has taken it upon himself to become the next true Santa; he sleeps in costume, and his apartment is resplendent with Christmas toys and décor. From the roof of his building, he uses binoculars to spy on neighborhood children to see if they have been \'bad or good\' . Harry runs back home and writes Moss\' name in his “Bad Boys & Girls” book. On his way home, Harry peeps into the window of a local bar and sees coworker Frank Stoller, whom earlier that day had phoned-in sick and Harry had relieved on the assembly line. Harry becomes angry and rushes home, hums a Christmas tune, and breaks one of his male dollhouse figures. The following morning Harry phones his younger brother Phil  and cancels Thanksgiving dinner. The Company Christmas party is in full swing. Harry watches the owner of Jolly Dreams making a televised announcement that, if production increases sufficiently, the company will be able to donate toys to the disadvantaged children at Willowy Springs State Hospital. Just then, Harry is greeted by coworkers Ben, who thanks him for taking Frank\'s place at the warehouse, and Frank, who introduces him to newcomer-employee George. At home, Harry realizes that people generally consider him a "schmuck" and is constantly exploited by others. He then has a nervous breakdown, and he is now convinced that he truly is the proverbial jolly old elf. Down in his basement workshop, he begins smelting toy soldiers  and small axes. Alone after-hours, Harry gets a brilliant idea. He steals Company toys, wraps them, loads them into his van, and later drops them off at the Hospital. He then leaves a bagful of dirt at bad-boy Moss Garcia’s doorstep, and thereafter murders three parishioners who happen to taunt him at the bottom steps of a nearby church. Coincidentally, Frank and George are also attending the midnight mass, and witness Santa\'s bloody crime, the hatchet murders of young bullying preppies. Later that evening Harry manages to invade two family\'s homes for different reasons. After sneaking into Phil\'s home, he destroys his nephews\' Jolly Dreams gifts, and delivers the newly-minted soldiers, as well as toys from his own workshop. At the Stoller home, he sneaks in through their basement, delivers the kids\' toys, murders Frank in bed, and escapes in his van. Christmas morning, Phil begins to suspect something is seriously wrong with his brother and argues with his wife Jackie. Their children are preoccupied with watching a television program and do not seem to mind playing with their damaged and sub-par toys. At the closed warehouse, Harry gains entrance and activates the assembly lines, breaking even-more toys in the process. That night he drives off, and his van becomes stuck in a beautifully decorated street with plenty of lights, sending him further into a delusional state. By now his costume is dirty and dishevelled. He eventually finds himself on the wrong side of his brother\'s neighborhood, and a torch-bearing mob pursues him. Nevertheless, he manages to drive his van out of the sludge and arrives at his brother\'s house. Phil quickly realizes that his brother is the homicidal Santa he has heard announced on the news and proceeds to choke him unconscious. He loads him into the front seat of the van, whereupon Harry comes-to, cold-cocks him, and again drives off. During his escape, the oncoming mob forces him and his van off a bridge. The van then is shown to fly off towards the moon as a voice over reads the end of "Twas the Night Before Christmas."'] ['Amber Williams , her friends Zoe  and Roger , and her boyfriend Colby Patterson  stage a prank at the town carnival, with Roger faking the return of the "Fisherman" killer. However, their friend PJ Davis  is accidentally killed during the stunt, and to cover up what happened they burn the evidence and make a pact that the secret will die with them. One year passes after the group separates, and Amber returns to town to discover that Colby never left to pursue his scholarship. She leaves the party angry, and goes up to the mountains where she encounters one of the officers who witnessed the accident, Deputy Haffner . Later that night, Amber awakens to a sound, and receives 50 text messages reading "I know what you did last summer". She drives to Zoe\'s shack to find her band rehearsing for a concert, and after Amber apologizes for not contacting her, Zoe allows her to sleep there for the night. The next day they find Roger fixing ski-lifts gondolas; he angrily sends them away when they inform him someone knows what happened. Zoe goes to find Colby working as a lifeguard at a public pool; he dismisses her then returns to his post to find "I know what you did last summer" written in the ground. Amber is attacked on a ski-lift by someone wielding the hook, but Colby does not believe her. Later that night, a drunken Roger contemplates suicide while pulling out the hook from the prank, which he had salvaged from the fire. He investigates a noise when he is attacked by the Fisherman, who slits his throat after a chase. Colby goes to Amber and Zoe telling them that he believes them, so they go to warn Roger again but find him dead along with a suicide note and the hook. Deputy Haffner strangely shows up wielding his gun at them, accusing them of the murder, until he reads the suicide note. After their statements, they return to Amber\'s house to find pictures of them from the high school yearbook sliced up and stuck to the wall reading "SOON". They all stay at Zoe\'s place again and find Lance  outside, who shows them a message engraved on his motorbike, and they agree to stay together for safety. Colby goes to the pool to do some laps after his shift, and is hooked in the ankle by the Fisherman, who disappears. The night of Zoe\'s concert, Amber and Lance stick together while Colby, who is now on crutches, sneaks off to get drunk. The Fisherman swings his hook at Colby but misses; Colby grabs a large butcher knife and stabs the Fisherman in the back, but he appears to be completely unharmed. The Fisherman eventually breaks through a window and hooks Colby in the mouth. Amber and Lance go back to congratulate Zoe but are attacked; Zoe breaks away and is stabbed in the stomach and then thrown over a balcony. As Amber and Lance make their way up to the balcony to find Zoe\'s corpse, P.J\'s dad, the sheriff, comes in and finds Amber covered in blood. He assumes they committed the murders, but is pulled into the darkness and hooked to death. Outside, Deputy Haffner, after saying that Roger told him about the accident, arrests Amber and Lance and escorts them to the back of his jeep; in the back lies Zoe\'s body. The Fisherman appears and makes his way towards Haffner, who fires several times, but the Fisherman does not budge and impales Haffner on a forklift. Amber and Lance get into the car and run the fisherman down, but he immediately gets up and takes his mask off, revealing the decomposed face of Ben Willis, the man who brutally committed the original murders 10 years ago. He then immediately disappears into thin air. Amber and Lance go to get help but are again attacked by Willis and are chased into a warehouse. They make it out and lure Willis into a thresher, which appears to kill him. A year later, Amber is driving across the desert, talking to Lance as a tire blows out. She stops in the middle of nowhere and waits while she talks to Lance. She stands in the middle of the road, and loses reception. Amber then begins looking around as the camera cycles around her, a flash of Ben Willis is seen behind Amber, the film then cuts to black screen as Amber\'s scream is cut off by the sling of the hook hearing the sound of blood splashing.'] ['The film begins with a trucker at a truck stop in an unspecified rural location. It is night time and in a heavy rainstorm, and a hooker gets into a large, black Peterbilt and offers her "services" to the trucker inside. The trucker is revealed to be Rusty Nail , when he recites his phrase "I like the rain. Keeps everybody inside and washes everything clean." He asks the hooker to go out into the rain to get wet. When she is unnerved by this strange behavior and states she is leaving, Rusty Nail locks the doors and asks her to leave through the open window. He then shuts the window up half way as she is clambering out, trapping her with half her body hanging outside the truck. Rusty Nail then drives off, decapitating the hooker as he drives alongside a trailer attached to the truck. The film then jumps to the new protagonists, Melissa and her fiancé Bobby , a young engaged couple in their early twenties who are on a cross country road trip in a 1983 model Chevrolet Caprice Wagon. They are heading across the Southwestern United States to Las Vegas, where they plan on getting married. Joining them for the ride is Melissa\'s sister Kayla ([[Laura Jordan , who along the way also picks up her online boyfriend Nik , a punk. When their car breaks down in the desert, the four find a seemingly abandoned house along a side road and in the barn they find a silver 1971 Chevrolet Chevelle with gasoline fully filled. At first Melissa and Bobby are reluctant to take the car as it amounts to thieving but due to Kayla and Nik\'s persistence they relent. Melissa, Bobby, Kayla and Nik decide to take the Chevelle as there doesn\'t seem to be anybody about and the car is in working order, however Melissa leaves a note in the house leaving her contact details to whoever may own the house and/or car. Melissa receives a phone call from the person who owned the car they stole. He then calls Melissa Goldilocks , revealing that he can see her. It appears somebody had followed them, and he also tells "I believe you have something of mine, cause i have now something of yours." as soon after Bobby disappears from a diner restroom. The others find a CB radio in their car with which Rusty Nail talks to them. He orders them to destroy their cellphones and follow his orders if Bobby is to survive, and he has some quite nasty psychological mind games that create a bridge for gory, life-and-death situations. The group continues to follow Rusty Nail who promises them that they will be all reunited soon, after Rusty requests for Kayla\'s middle finger, a reference to when Kayla flipped off the driver of a truck.  The group cut a finger from a corpse and they reach a wrong trucker because Rusty already knew that they had broken the rules. Rusty cut off one finger of Bobby and put it in the glove compartment of the vehicle which was later discovered by the group. Rusty later instructs Melissa to "strip down to her underwear" in front of his truck, but it turns out not to be him, but some other trucker Rusty Nail had instructed to be there. Rusty Nail soon pulls up at a bar in Utah and Bobby tries to escape. He gains the attention of the barman who has gone outside to smoke, but Rusty Nail catches him and uses a chainsaw-chain to cut off the barman\'s jaw. He then commands Nik to walk through a party dressed as a female and to buy crystal meth. Nik refuses to do this, and Melissa takes a knife to his throat and Nik cries, confessing he is scared and that his tattoos are fake. Nik walks up to the party in the clothes we saw on the hooker earlier, but at the party Rusty kidnaps Nik and drives off. Melissa and Kayla chase them, and Rusty gets behind them. He rams them a few times and then the car flips over, and Kayla\'s leg is pinned and instructs Melissa to go because he\'s going to ram the car again. Melissa jumps at the last second as instructed, while Kayla is killed in the exploding car. He takes Bobby and Nik back to his home, and has them play a sadistic game with dice. In this game, whatever one person rolls makes the other person suffer. Various things happen to them, like branding them with a rusty nail in the shape of an "R", being hit in the kneecap, etc. Once Bobby rolls a double one snake eyes, Rusty kills Nik by stabbing him with a steel bar through the top of his head. Melissa then breaks into a police station and steals a motor bike and races off to find Bobby. Rusty nail hangs Bobby by his neck in the back of his truck. Melissa comes to rescue him by distracting Rusty Nail with the police motorcycle, by parking it by the side of the truck. Melissa overpowers the killer with a few well placed hits to the back with a shovel and drives away in his truck accidentally disconnecting the cab from the rest of the truck  ... only for Rusty to manage to grab on to the side and end up on the roof of the vehicle. She drives until the sun comes up and ends up plowing into a gas tank, causing the truck to catch fire. Melissa jumps from the truck as Rusty takes control, but it\'s too late and he drives off the side of a cliff, the truck exploding on impact. Bobby escapes from the trailer he was hung up in and meets back up with Melissa, their ordeal finally over. Later in the middle of nowhere, a girl is stuck on the side of the road as her car has broken down. A big red Peterbilt truck  drives past her, only to back up. She explains what\'s happened and asks for a ride. As the truck door opens you can see that the driver has a badly burnt right arm. The girl climbs in and a familiar voice says, "You\'ll catch your death out there" before laughing ominously as the credits roll.'] [' Ziegenthals , a failed student, makes ends meet as an academic ghost writer. By accident he discovers that the respected professor of sociology, Rüdiger Kolczyk , has plagiarized his doctoral dissertation by translating the work of an American scholar. He decides to blackmail Kolczyk and to ask for 10,000 DM and additional monthly payments of 1,500 DM. Kolczyk initially agrees, but vows to Ziegenhals that "only one of us will survive". Looking for a way to fight back, Kolczyk tries to gather information about Ziegenhals from Miezi , a prostitute and a housemate and friend of Ziegenhals. As Miezi has saved enough money she is thinking of leaving her profession. At the same time her violent ex-boyfriend and former pimp, Kalle Prötzel , has been released from prison; he murders her and steals her savings. During the investigations the police finds out that Miezi had an appointment with Kolczyk and discovers the payments Kolczyk makes to Ziegenhals. Being the main suspects in the murder investigation only increases the hatred between Kolczyk and Ziegenhals, who fight with all means available. Kolczyk, learning that Ziegenhals thinks that Kolczyk wants to kill him, starts playing with Ziegenhals\' mind. For example, he sends him a package with an alarm clock, making Ziegenhals think that he has received a mail bomb. Ziegenhals meanwhile befriends Kolczyk\'s daughter Ginny  and makes her his lover. Although this forces the both to have to pretend in public that they are friends, the final disaster cannot be averted.'] ['An old bald man named Alderson awakens and is bewildered to find himself in a cube-shaped room with a hatch in each wall, on the floor and in the ceiling. Opening some of the hatches, he finds passages to rooms that are identical except for their colors. He enters one room  and, without warning, is sliced to pieces by a wire grid. In another such room, five people - Quentin, Worth, Holloway, Rennes and Leaven - meet. None know where they are, how they got there, or why. Quentin informs them that some cubes contain traps ; assuming they are triggered by motion detectors, Rennes tests each by throwing a boot in first. Leaven notices numbers inscribed in the passageways between rooms. Quentin, a policeman, recognizes "the Wren" as an escape artist renowned for getting out of jails. After "booting" one room, Rennes enters but is sprayed by acid, which eats through his face and kills him. Quentin believes each person has a reason for being there. He is a police officer, Leaven is a mathematics student, Holloway a doctor and conspiracy theorist who thinks the "military industrial complex" is responsible, while the surly Worth declines to talk about himself or his past actions. Leaven theorizes that any room marked with a prime number is a trap. They then find a mentally challenged man named Kazan, whom Holloway insists they bring along. Quentin enters a supposedly safe room and is nearly killed by a razor-wire trap, disproving Leaven\'s theory. Tensions rise, with Quentin becoming irritated by Holloway\'s paranoia and liberalism, Kazan\'s childlike mentality, and Worth\'s reticence. He baits Worth into revealing of himself. He then admits that he knows about this place, as he designed the Cube\'s outher shell. Worth insists that he knows nothing about the rest of the structure. He believes that its purpose has been lost over time and that they are only there because not using it would mean admitting the Cube was a waste. His knowledge of the outer shell\'s size allows Leaven to determine that there are 26 rooms to a side, 17,576 in all. She guesses that the numbers indicate the Cartesian coordinates of the rooms. The group starts moving toward the nearest edge. They arrive close to the edge, but find that each neighbouring room is trapped. Rather than backtrack, they decide to make their way silently through a blue colored room whose trap is sound-activated . The others manage to pass, but when Quentin goes up, Kazan makes a noise, and he is almost impaled by the spikes, storming and almost beating Kazan up. They arrive at an edge room and find a wide, unlit gap between it and the outer shell. Holloway swings out to investigate, using a rope made from their clothes, but nearly falls when the Cube suddenly shakes; she climbs up and grabs Quentin\'s arm, but he drops her to her death, telling the others that she slipped, now dellusioned and paranoid from the Cube\'s actions. As they rest, Quentin tries to persuade Leaven to abandon the others and come with him. He quickly becomes aggressive. When Worth intervenes, Quentin beats him and then throws him through the floor hatch. Worth laughs hysterically at what he finds — Rennes\' corpse. The thought that they have been going around in circles is demoralizing, but then Leaven realizes that the rooms move about periodically. Leaven deduces that traps are not tagged by prime numbers but by powers of prime numbers. Kazan, it turns out, is an autistic savant who can quickly do prime factorizations and thus identify the traps. Leaven determines that the numbers indicate the positions that each room will reach as it cycles through the Cube. The room that connects to the "bridge" leading to the only door in the outer shell proves to be the one in which the group first woke up. The alignment they need will come in two moves. Worth ambushes Quentin and leaves him behind during one move as they hurry to the cube adjoining the bridge. When they open the hatch, they are met by a bright white light . Worth decides to stay over Leaven\'s objections, saying there is nothing outside for him but "boundless human stupidity." A bloodied Quentin appears and fatally stabs first Leaven, then Worth with a door handle, before going after Kazan. With the last of his strength, Worth grabs Quentin\'s leg, holding him long enough for Quentin to be ripped apart in the passageway as the bridge shifts. Worth then dies of his wounds, and Kazan walks out into the bright light.'] ["Henry Creedlow is a man who has always tried to fit in society. He keeps his mouth shut, follows the rules, and does what he is supposed to do. But one morning, he wakes up to find his face is gone, and it has been replaced by a white featureless mask. All the years of acquiescence have cost him the one thing he can't replace: his identity; now he's a blank, outside as well as in, an anonymous, featureless phantom. Bent on exacting revenge on those who bullied him, he explodes, deciding that he isn't going to follow the rules anymore."] ["Balakrishnan ([[Mukesh  is a heart patient. He urgently needs a heart transplant and luckily he gets the heart of Aby Mathew  who was dead a few moments ago. After the operation, Balakrishnan discovers that he can see Aby Mathew while nobody else can. Aby Mathew is now a ghost and he wants to bring his killers in front of the law. He takes Balakrishnan's help and start investigating. At first, nobody is ready to believe Balakrishnan as no one believes in ghosts. Balakrishnan also takes the help of Sub Inspector Damu ([[Sreenivasan  who also at first does not believe him. Balakrishnan discovers that Aby Mathew was murdered by his close friend Alex ([[Saikumar  to take over his business and that the lives of Aby's wife  and mother  are also in danger. The rest of the plot is Balakrishnan's attempt to save them."] ["The film's premise is that there is another way to heaven than adherence to the practices of the Roman Catholic Church. A secular Sin Eater can remove all taint of sin, no matter how foul, from the soul just before death. The purified soul can then ascend into heaven. The Roman Catholic Church, according to the film, considers this heresy. Heath Ledger plays an unhappy and disillusioned priest, Alex Bernier, a member of a fictitious religious order The Carolingians which specializes in fighting demons and other hell spawn. Father Dominic, the head of the Carolingians, has died in Rome under suspicious circumstances and Alex leaves the USA to investigate. In Rome, Alex visits the morgue and sees strange markings on Dominic's corpse. After some investigation, he comes across a book that explains the markings as being the sign of a Sin Eater's work. He heads to the Vatican, where an official tells him that Sin Eaters don't exist and that Dominic may not be buried on sacred ground because he had been excommunicated for his beliefs. Alex, moving ever farther from his vocation, defies his superiors and secretly reads a holy service over the body and buries Dominic in the Carolingian cemetery . Thomas Garrett, another Carolingian , arrives in Rome to help investigate Dominic's death. Early in the film we meet Mara Williams, an artist Alex once exorcised, who has escaped from a mental hospital and come to Alex at his church in the USA because she has a feeling that something terrible is going to happen to him. The police come looking for her, but Alex lies and denies that he's seen her and through this exchange we learn that Mara was in the hospital because she had tried to kill Alex during the exorcism. Mara goes to Rome with Alex after promising that she won't try to kill him again. Cardinal Driscoll , who is introduced at the beginning of the film and who is tipped to be the next Pope, arrives in Rome from the USA and gives Alex a special dagger. According to a fragment of parchment Alex and Thomas find among Dominic's books, the dagger is to be plunged into the Sin Eater while reciting a text in Aramaic. Alex and Thomas take these instructions to mean that the dagger and incantation will kill the Sin Eater and they begin hunting for the Sin Eater and the remainder of the parchment instructions. Thomas leads Alex to a nightclub where they are taken to the underground base of operations of a masked man called Chirac, the 'Black Pope.' The Black Pope owes a favor to Thomas and Alex asks where to find the Sin Eater. The Black Pope then hangs three people and tells Alex to ask his question of the dying men who can see what the living cannot. One of the dying tells Alex a riddle that leads to a rendezvous with the Sin Eater. On the way out of the Black Pope's headquarters, demons attack and injure Thomas, but Alex saves him and gets him to a hospital. Alex leaves Thomas in the hospital and meets the Sin Eater, William Eden, at St. Peter's Cathedral who explains that he has been a Sin Eater for centuries, taking over for an earlier Sin Eater  who ate the sins of Eden's brother. Eden is very charismatic and talks with Alex about the priest's desires, and Alex admits he wants Mara. He then goes and presumably tells Mara this, and they make love. Afterward, Alex leaves Mara asleep and goes to Eden, who tells Alex that he is tired and ready to die and asks Alex to take his place. Alex has the dagger with him, but is curious and so doesn't use it to kill Eden. Instead, he assists Eden with a sin eating ritual. But in the end, Alex refuses Eden's offer because he has decided to leave the priesthood to be with Mara. Later Alex returns to their lodgings and finds Mara near death, an apparent suicide. In actuality, Eden slit her wrists and left her for Alex to find. Mara is beyond medical help and Alex quickly performs the sin eating ritual so that she can go to heaven. After absorbing Mara's sins, though, Alex sees that there is no sin of suicide on Mara's conscience and realizes Eden's deception. Alex goes after Eden to kill him. The rationale that leads Alex to perform the sin eating ritual instead of giving Mara Roman Catholic Last Rites is that Alex has already made the decision to leave the priesthood to be with Mara and he has broken his vows of obedience and of sexual abstinence. He therefore considers himself ineligible to offer Mara Last Rites. Meanwhile, the injured Thomas is out of the hospital and goes to see the Black Pope who reveals himself to be Cardinal Driscoll. Driscoll shows Thomas the second half of the parchment which instead of being instructions on how to kill a Sin Eater is actually instructions on how to become a Sin Eater. The entirety of Alex's and Mara's lives have been a plot among Dominic, Eden and Driscoll to entrap Alex. Eden wants to die, Driscoll wants to be Pope and Dominic wanted the financial resources to pursue arcane knowledge. Driscoll prevents Thomas from leaving to warn Alex. Alex cannot find Eden and returns to the Black Pope to learn where Eden is. The Black Pope  tells Alex again to ask the dying. Alex recognizes that Thomas is the man being hanged, and frees him using a pistol. However, Thomas's throat is too injured by the noose to tell Alex the truth of the parchment. Alex finds Eden and stabs him with the dagger while reciting the incantation. He quickly realizes what is actually happening but it is too late, Eden's powers are transferred to Alex, and Eden, happy to be free of his burden of the sins of others, dies. In the mean time, St. Peter's Basilica in Rome crumbles around them. Thomas, who arrives at the scene too late to prevent the transfer, vows he will find a way to save Alex, even if it means killing him. Alex informs the church about Driscoll's activities and Driscoll is ruined. Driscoll then decides to kill himself and calls on the Sin Eater, now Alex, to remove his sins. Driscoll slits his wrists and when he is near death, Alex tells him that he knows that Eden and Driscoll caused Mara's death. Alex does not eat Driscoll's sins but forces them down Driscoll's throat. Driscoll dies a painful death and presumably goes straight to hell. The Sin Eater William Eden used his power to accumulate wealth. The Sin Eater Alex Bernier decides to act as a power for good, saving only those who deserve it and allowing evildoers to die in sin."] ["Ramón, a respected philosophy professor, has kidnapped Laura, a psychiatrist, and claims to be a serial killer. While taping their conversation in his basement, he forces Laura to play word games and psychoanalyze him for her freedom. Intercut with this plotline, Ramon is interrogated by the police for Laura's disappearance. As both conversations progress, it is revealed that Laura is Ramón's ex-wife, who accused him of spousal abuse during their divorce hearings. Ramón toys with Laura, sometimes changing his stories to appear harmless, then reaffirming his murderous intentions. At one point, he claims that he has lied about his murders in order to force her to admit that her accusations of abuse were false. He continues to express romantic interest in her, and Laura offers to have sex with him for her freedom, but Ramón cannot perform. Ultimately Laura admits to lying during their divorce hearings, but only to save him the humiliation of the truth: that she has discovered his affairs with male students. During the interview, Ramón admits that he kidnapped Laura in order to scare a confession from her, but his story does not always match up with the events portrayed. He claims that he and his wife are engaging in a cat-and-mouse game, which she has won. When police secretly inspect his home, they discover a doctored telephone message that Ramón has made from the recordings in his basement. The message makes it appear that Laura has faked her death in order to frame Ramón for her murder. The police believe the recording and release Ramón. When Ramón returns home, he watches a video of the final chapter in his conversation with Laura. On the video, Ramón admits to his affairs with male students and fatally stabs Laura. He fondles Laura's body and begins undressing her before turning off the camera."] ['The film is an anthology of four Halloween-related scary stories. One common element that ties the stories together is the presence of Sam  , a mysterious pint-sized trick-or-treater wearing shabby orange pajamas with a burlap sack over his head. He makes an appearance in all the stories as a \'friendly-reminder\' to those who break Halloween traditions.TRICK \'R TREAT  Emma  and her holiday-obsessed husband, Henry  have set up numerous ghost-scarecrows for Halloween in their yard. After returning home from a Halloween party, Emma tries to blow out a jack-o\'-lantern by their fence, but Henry tells her not to because it\'s against tradition to extinguish a jack-o\'-lantern on Halloween; she blows it out anyway, as she hates Halloween and other traditions. While Henry is inside waiting for Emma to take down the decorations, she is murdered by an unknown assailant with a large blade-shaped pumpkin lollipop. Later, Henry goes outside and finds Emma\'s severed head, with the giant lollipop in its mouth, hung up on one of the ghost-scarecrows, her limbs chopped off and hanged.  Steven Wilkins , the town principal, spots Charlie ([[Brett Kelly , a young fat kid, stealing candy from his yard. Smiling, he places him down at his front door and talks to him about candy and stealing, carving out a jack-o-lantern, and he gives him a candy. Charlie eats the candy, which turns out to be poisoned, and throws up large amounts of chocolate and blood before he dies. Wilkins drags him to his house, and then returns it outside. There, Wilkins buries Charlie in his backyard, along with another unknown body, and has a run-in with his neighbor, Mr. Kreeg ([[Brian Cox , and his dog. After finishing the burial, Wilkins sees Kreeg screaming from his window, begging for help; Wilkins disregards this and Kreeg is knocked down by an unknown assailant. Later, Wilkins arrives in his basement, where he helps his son Billy  carve a "jack-o\'-lantern" in their basement, which is revealed to be Charlie\'s severed head. The sequence ends with Billy saying, "But don\'t forget to help me with the eyes."  Five kids, Macy ; Schrader ; Sara ; Chip ; and Rhonda , a savant, journey to the local rock quarry where Macy tells them the local urban legend of "The Halloween School Bus Massacre". Thirty years ago, a school bus containing eight children, all mentally challenged to the point of being chained to their seats was driving on their way home from school. Instead of taking the usual route, the bus driver took the road to the quarry. He stops at the top of a ravine, and checks their chains. However, one kid manages to free his chains and gets to the front seat. While trying to control the bus, he accidentally puts the bus in gear, which causes it to crash into the lake at the bottom of the quarry; the bus driver was the only one who survived, and it is unknown what happened to him. Macy reveals that the children\'s parents paid the bus driver to kill them to end their "burden". As the group investigates the quarry, the group play a School Bus Massacre prank on Rhonda in which they pretend to have been murdered, then dress up in zombie costumes and chase Rhonda until she falls and knocks herself out. Schrader tends to her and tells the others that its time to leave. While cleaning up with Chip and Sara, Macy kicks a jack-o-lantern into the lake. This proves to be a deadly mistake, as the school bus children suddenly rise from the water. Chip and Rhonda hear the screams of the others and Schrader - thinking it\'s another prank - goes to back to find them. After he does, informs him in a panic that the legend is real and they need to leave. As the School Bus children chase them, they manage to grab hold of the chains which Sara is wearing as part of her costume, ultimately she is dragged away and killed. Meanwhile, Rhonda has locked herself in the elevator leading out of the quarry. Despite the others begging her to open it, she takes her revenge for the prank and rides it up herself as the School Bus children corner them. They are heard being dismembered and eaten alive by Rhonda as she steps out of the elevator. She spots Sam watching her, sitting on a cement pipe, and leaves.  Laurie , a self-conscious 22-year-old virgin, is getting dressed in costumes with her older sister Danielle  and their two friends Maria  and Janet . Annoyed by their talk about boys, she stays behind and plans to join them later. The other girls find local men to bring with them to a party in the woods. Later, alone on her way to the party, Laurie is attacked by a vampire dressed in black . Meanwhile, Danielle, Maria, and Janet party at a bonfire with the men they brought, with Danielle worried about Laurie. The vampire\'s body suddenly drops from a tree onto the party and Laurie appears. The "vampire" is revealed to be Principal Wilkins in disguise wearing fake fangs. The girls at the party, along with Laurie, suddenly transform into werewolves, removing their skins, and is revealed that Laurie\'s "virginity" is actually that she has never killed anyone as a werewolf. The girls devour their dates along with Wilkins. Sam is shown sitting on a nearby log, watching them.  Kreeg, a cantankerous, Halloween-hating, curmudgeon lives alone with his dog, Spite, as his only companion. Kreeg shows his disgust for Halloween by scaring away trick-or-treaters. While at his house, Kreeg is attacked by Sam. During the struggle, Kreeg rips off the sack over Sam\'s head to reveal his head to be a cross between a jack-o-lantern and a human skull. Kreeg runs to his window calling for Mr. Wilkins to help him, but is tackled by Sam. Kreeg gains the upper hand when he manages to fire his shotgun at Sam, seemingly killing him, in the process shooting off one of Sam\'s hands. As Kreeg dials 9-1-1, Sam re-attaches his hand and rises. Sam then attacks him again, stabbing at him with a large pumpkin sucker out of which he has taken a bite, rendering it sharp. Kreeg, however, smashes his nearby wine bottle, using it as a weapon. This proves futile, as Sam twists his wrist until it breaks. As he delivers the killing stroke, he finds that the sucker has lodged itself into a piece of chocolate from which Kreeg had earlier taken a bite. Sam, taking the sucker wedged into the chocolate, walks away. Meanwhile, pictures burning slowly in a nearby fireplace show a class photo of the masked children from the "School Bus Massacre" and the bus driver, who is revealed to be Kreeg himself.  Bandaged and bruised from his encounter with Sam, Kreeg answers his door to give candy to trick-or-treaters, thus following Halloween tradition. While on his porch, he spots Sam walk over to Emma and Henry\'s house just after she blows out the jack-o\'-lantern. Rhonda walks across the street in a trance and is almost hit by the laughing, human-form werewolf girls in their vehicle, presumably to drive to another town as they do every Halloween. Young Billy Wilkins is sitting on his porch handing out candy and wearing a "Principal Wilkins" costume. Kreeg then walks back inside when there\'s another knock at the door. He opens the door to find the kids from the School Bus Massacre standing there with their bags outstretched, saying, "Trick r\' Treat". The ending is rendered as comic book pages showing the bus driver\'s fate at the hands of the undead children.'] ['Elijah Price  is born with Type I osteogenesis imperfecta, a rare disease in which bones break easily. Drawing on what he has read in comic books during his many hospital stays, Price theorizes that if he is frail at one extreme, then perhaps there is someone strong at the opposite extreme. Years later, security guard David Dunn  is also searching for meaning in his life. He gave up a promising football career to marry his love Audrey ([[Robin Wright  after they were involved in an auto accident. However, their marriage is dissolving, to the distress of their young son Joseph . Returning from a job interview in New York, David is the sole survivor of a horrific train wreck that killed 131 passengers, sustaining no injuries himself. He is contacted by the adult Elijah, who proposes to a disbelieving David that he is a real instance of the kind of person after whom comic-book superheroes are modeled. David tries to ignore him, but Elijah stalks him and his wife, trying to get his attention. To relieve his family from further distress, David finally agrees to hear Elijah out, and begins to test himself. While lifting weights with Joseph, they discover that his physical strength is far beyond what he previously thought and Joseph begins to idolize his father and believe he is a superhero. Joseph confronts some bullies at school thinking he might share his dad\'s abilities, but is injured instead. David tries to console his son by saying that Elijah is wrong and that he\'s just as normal as everyone else. This encourages Joseph to take David\'s loaded pistol and point it at him saying that if shot, his father would not die. David manages to talk him out of the deed, not by saying he would die, but by threatening to pack up and leave for New York. Under Elijah\'s influence, David develops his security guard hunches into extra-sensory perception, with which he can glimpse immoral acts committed by people he touches. David\'s faith in Elijah is shaken when he remembers an incident from his childhood in which he almost drowned. However, Elijah suggests that the incident highlights his one weakness, water. This leads David to go to the train yard that houses the remnants of the train that crashed. Upon seeing the wreckage, David has a flashback of the car accident he and Audrey were in, it is revealed not only that he was unharmed, but that he had ripped a door off the car in order to save Audrey, a memory he had long repressed. It transpires that David used the excuse of the accident to quit football, because Audrey had a hatred of the sport and David knew that the only way their relationship could ever flourish would be to get football out of the picture. At Elijah\'s suggestion, he walks through a crowd in a Philadelphia train station and senses crimes perpetrated by strangers who brush past him: a jewel thief, a racist hate crime perpetrator, and a rapist. The worst offender is a sadistic janitor holding a family hostage and torturing them inside their home. On a rainy night, David follows the janitor back to the victims\' house. After freeing the children, he is ambushed by the lurking janitor who throws him off a balcony into a pool below, where he nearly drowns but is rescued by the children. He grapples with the janitor, ultimately strangling him. That night, he is reconciled with Audrey and the following morning, secretly shows the newspaper article of his anonymous heroic act to his son. David attends an exhibition at Elijah\'s comic book art gallery and meets Elijah\'s mother . After talking with Elijah in the back room of his studio, David shakes his hand and discovers to his horror that Elijah had orchestrated many of the fatal disasters he had mentioned, causing hundreds of deaths, the last being David\'s train accident. Elijah insists the deaths were justified as a means to find David. He explains that his purpose in life is to be the archvillain to David\'s hero, even going so far as to suggest that his childhood moniker, "Mr. Glass," should have alerted him to the fact that he was always a villain.'] [' The film starts with a driver  and his passenger  driving very late at night, singing along to Creedence Clearwater Revival\'s cover of "Midnight Special" on a cassette, and the song ends when the tape breaks. The driver talks about a scary game he finds amusing: he switches off the car\'s headlights and drives in the dark. After the passenger admits he\'s uncomfortable, the driver laughs it off and keeps the lights on. With no tape or radio, the pair start a Name That Tune game with television theme songs such as Sea Hunt and Hawaii Five-O, and eventually the classic theme to The Twilight Zone. The conversation turns to what episodes of the series they found most scary, such as Burgess Meredith in "Time Enough at Last" and other classics. The passenger then asks the driver, "Do you want to see something really scary?" The driver obliges and reluctantly pulls over. The passenger turns his face away, then turns back around having transformed into a demon, and attacks the driver. The scene then cuts to outside the car as the familiar Twilight Zone opening theme music and monologue begin, spoken by narrator Burgess Meredith. {{quote}}  {{quote}} The film\'s only original segment was the first, directed by John Landis. It is loosely based on the original Twilight Zone episode "A Quality of Mercy", with the opening narration borrowing from "What You Need" and "A Nice Place to Visit". Bill Connor  is an outspoken bigot who is bitter after being passed over for a promotion. Drinking in a bar after work with his friends, Bill makes prejudiced remarks and racial slurs towards Jews, Blacks and Asians, attracting the attention of a group of black men sitting near them who strongly resent his racist comments. Bill leaves the bar very angry, but when he walks outside, the supernatural tone begins. He inexplicably proceeds to assume the racial ethnicities of people against whom he was always prejudiced. First, he finds himself in occupied France during World War II. He is spotted by a pair of SS officers patrolling the streets, who see him as a Jewish man. A chase ensues around the city, and Bill is shot in his arm by one of the German officers. Bill falls from the ledge of a building and abruptly finds himself in the rural South during the 1940s. There a group of Ku Klux Klansmen  sees him as an African American whom they are about to whip and lynch. Bill is scared and confused; he vehemently tells them he is white. While trying to escape the Klansmen, he suddenly finds himself in a jungle during the Vietnam War, as a Vietnamese man is blown to bits by U.S. soldiers. Instead of killing him, the grenade thrown by the soldiers blasts Bill into occupied France again. There he is captured by Nazi soldiers and put into an enclosed railroad freight car, along with other Jewish Holocaust prisoners. With no apparent possibility of redemption or rescue, Bill sees and uselessly screams for help to his friends from the bar, who have come out to the parking lot and cannot hear his cries, nor see him or the train as it pulls away to a death camp, thus leaving them to wonder about his whereabouts and the viewer to wonder of his fate.  {{quote}} The second segment was directed by Steven Spielberg and is a remake of the episode "Kick the Can." An old man named Mr. Bloom  has just moved into Sunnyvale Retirement Home. Upon his arrival, he sits around kindly and smiles as he listens to the other elders reminisce about the joys they experienced in their youth. Mr. Bloom implies to them just because they are old does not mean they cannot enjoy life anymore, and that feeling young and active has to do with your attitude, not your age. He tells them that later that night, he will wake them and that they can join him in a game of kick the can. All agree; however, Leo Conroy  disagrees, saying that now that they are all old they cannot engage in physical activity and play the games they once did as children. That night, Mr. Bloom gathers the rest of the optimistic residents outside and plays the game, during which they are transformed into childhood versions of themselves. Although they are extremely ecstatic to be young again and engage in the activities they once enjoyed so long ago, they also realize that being young again means you not only experience the good aspects of life again but also the bad. They request to be old again, which Mr. Bloom grants to them. Leo Conroy witnesses one resident, Mr. Agee  that still remains young, and says that he wants to go with him before the boy runs off. Conroy realizes that he does not have to stop enjoying life because of his old age. The segment ends with Mr. Bloom leaving to another retirement home, and Conroy outside happily kicking a can around the yard, having learned being young at heart is what really matters.  {{quote}} The third segment, a remake of the episode "It\'s a Good Life," was directed by Joe Dante. Its opening narration is borrowed, in part, from "Night Call." Mild-mannered Helen Foley , traveling to a new job, visits a rural bar for directions. While talking to the owner , she witnesses Anthony, a young boy  playing an arcade game, who is being blamed by a pair of locals  for "accidentally" causing interference on the TV by slapping the side of the game machine. When one of the men pushes Anthony away from the game and pulls the plug, Helen comes to the boy\'s defense, but Anthony runs out of the restaurant. As Helen leaves, she backs into the boy with her car in the parking lot, damaging his bicycle. Helen offers Anthony a ride home. They eventually arrive at Anthony\'s house, which is an immense home in the country. When Helen arrives, she meets Anthony\'s family: Uncle Walt ([[Kevin McCarthy ; sister Ethel ; and Anthony and Ethel\'s mother (Patricia Barry, who starred in "I Dream of Genie" and "[[The Chaser  and father . Anthony\'s family seems overly welcoming, but Helen at first dismisses this. Anthony starts to show Helen around the house ; there is a television set in every room showing cartoons. She loses Anthony and comes to the room of another sister, Sara . Helen calls out to the girl, who is in a wheelchair and watching a television displaying cartoons, and gets no response. Anthony appears and explains that Sara had been in an accident; Helen isn\'t able to see that the girl has no mouth. After the tour, Anthony announces that it is time for dinner, which consists of Anthony\'s favorite foods: including ice cream, candy apples, and hamburgers topped with peanut butter. Confused at first at how the family eats, Helen thinks that this is a birthday dinner for Anthony. Ethel complains at the prospect of another birthday; Anthony glares at her, and her plate flies out of her hands onto the ground. Helen hurredly attempts to leave, but Anthony urges Helen to stay and see Uncle Walt\'s "hat trick". Helen is stunned to see that a top hat has suddenly appeared on top of the television set. Uncle Walt is very nervous about what could be in the hat, but he pulls an ordinary rabbit out of it. The family members are relieved, but Anthony insists on more, and a large, cartoonish rabbit springs from the hat. Helen screams, and Anthony orders it to go away. As she attempts to flee, she falls and spills the contents of her purse, and Anthony finds a note slipped in from one of the Fremonts stating "Help us! Anthony is a monster!" When the family points the finger at Ethel, Anthony wills her into the television set; there she is eaten by a large, dragon-like cartoon character. Helen attempts to escape only to have the door open up to a human eye. She closes it quickly only to see Anthony at the top of the stairs pleading her to stay. She then is led back into the room to see Anthony have a demonic cartoon that continuously contorted into various grotesque. After Helen demands the creature to disappear, in a fit of irritation, Anthony makes the entire house disappear instantly, and his family with it, leaving himself and Helen literally nowhere. Anthony explains that, since they were not happy living with him anymore, he sent them all back where they came from, including both his sisters. Now, at last, Anthony realizes the horrific loneliness that comes with being omnipotent. For once, he expresses the tremendous insecurity and pain that seethes within him instead of burying it. Helen offers to be his teacher and the two ride in her car as the nowhere landscape changes to a sunny field. Helen asks to be Anthony\'s teacher, and also his student; together, she says, they can find uses for his power that even he never dreamed of. Having been confronted with the true end results of his reign of terror, Anthony welcomes Helen\'s offer and makes her car reappear. Both ride off toward her new home and job, surrounded by bright meadows filled with flowers.  {{quote}} The fourth segment is a remake of the episode "Nightmare at 20,000 Feet", directed by George Miller. Nervous airline passenger Mr. John Valentine  is in an airplane lavatory as he tries to recover from what seems to be a panic attack. The flight attendants attempt to coax Mr. Valentine from the lavatory, and they repeatedly assure him that everything is going to be all right, but his nerves and antics disturb the surrounding passengers. As Mr. Valentine takes his seat, he notices a hideous gremlin on the wing of the plane and begins to spiral into another severe panic. He watches as the creature wreaks havoc on the wing, damaging the plane\'s engine, losing more control each time he sees it do something new. Valentine finally snaps, grabs a hand gun from another passenger, an air marshal, shoots out the window , and begins firing at the creature. This only serves to catch the attention of the gremlin, who rushes up to Valentine and promptly destroys the gun. After a tense moment, in which they notice that the plane is landing, the gremlin grabs Valentine\'s face, then simply scolds him by wagging its finger in his face. The creature leaps into the sky as the airplane begins its emergency landing. On the ground, as a straitjacketed Valentine is carried off in an ambulance, the police, crew and passengers begin to discuss the incident, writing off Valentine as insane. However, the aircraft maintenance crew soon arrives, and everyone gathers to examine the unexplained damage to the plane\'s engines, complete with claw marks.  The fourth segment ends with a scene reminiscent of the prologue. Valentine is in an ambulance when the driver  starts playing Creedence Clearwater Revival\'s "Midnight Special". The driver turns and says, "Heard you had a big scare up there, huh? Wanna see something really scary?" The scene fades out to a starry night sky accompanied by Rod Serling\'s opening monologue from the first season of The Twilight Zone: {{quote}}'] ["The film begins at a fashion show, where Chloe Keene  takes the catwalk. She returns home to her boyfriend Toby  and tells him what a great time she had in New York. The phone rings, but no one is on the other end, and she tells her friend she will change her number. After this, she goes to a shoot, where she meets her other boyfriend, Ned , who offers to take her out to a reunion of his former band. She goes home, and lies to Toby that she will be visiting someone in Brighton. Chloe falls asleep in the car due to pills she has taken, and wakes up when she arrives at the reunion. She gets a phonecall from a stalker with a strange voice, a different one to the one that called earlier. At the reunion, she meets Stan , his wife Rachel , his deaf daughter Theresa , and his brother Gordon , who films the party. While they are having lunch, Ned's wife Eve  arrives, and is rude to her, causing her to cut her hand on a glass. Eve tells her that she wants her to bleed to death, Chloe goes outside, and later on, Stan comes to find her. He tells her that everyone else has gone, but she can stay the night. While she is in the bath, Rachel enters and asks her what she thinks during photoshoots. Chloe tells her that she just pretends during them. When she gets out of the bath, she finds that Graham has put the handcuffs Ned gave her on the bed. She goes to bed, and hears a noise outside. When she goes to investigate, Stan takes her back into the bedroom and drugs her, so she falls asleep. She wakes up again, and calls her friend, who hangs up on her. She decides to go downstairs, and sees Gordon watching the tapes of earlier in the evening. When he goes to bed, she snatches one and starts to watch it, seeing herself being sexually assaulted. Someone attempts to open the door, so she escapes through the window and gets outside, where she faints after seeing Stan in the car. She wakes up in the basement, where Stan handcuffs her to the bed. Meanwhile, her silent stalker Clive  is still phoning her up. Using her barefeet to pick up the phone, she answers, and tells him she is trapped in the house that used to be a hotel. Theresa finds the tapes somewhere, and makes a poster to hand in to the police about Chloe, but they just laugh. Rachel finds the phone, and the group decide to hide it in the shed. Clive decides to make his way to the house, and Rachel gets rid of him. He phones Chloe and hears the phone in the shed, ringing, so decides to call the police. Inside, Theresa finds Chloe, but is unable to undo the cuffs. Ned arrives and tells Chloe they will need to make a tape of her enjoying herself, in case she tells the police what they have done. Stan tells Gordon that they need to kill Chloe, and they bundle her into a car. Unknown to them, they are followed by Clive. Ned tells Rachel that if they go through with their plan, they will be accessories to murder. Upstairs, Theresa breaks the window with a chair, and escapes down the side of the house, just as the police arrive. Ned gets her into the police car, and tells them to get out of there. Stan and Gordon arrive at their destination and Clive sees them. Stan distracts Clive, as Gordon tries to cover up Chloe's noise. When Stan threatens him, Clive attempts to run him over, narrowly missing. He then begins chasing Gordon around in a circle, as the police arrive, and arrest Stan. Back at home, Clive gets some dinner from his wife, and looks out of his window to see Chloe getting back home. She calls Toby, who is playing the saxophone. After she hangs up, he reveals himself to be her other stalker."] ['Marion Crane  steals $400,000 from her employer to get her boyfriend, Sam Loomis , out of debt, and flees Phoenix, Arizona by car. While en route to Sam\'s California home, she parks along the road to sleep. A highway patrol officer awakens her and, suspicious of her agitated state, begins to follow her. When she trades her car for another one at a dealership, he notes the new vehicle\'s details. Marion returns to the road but, rather than drive in a heavy storm, decides to spend the night at the Bates Motel. Owner Norman Bates  tells Marion he rarely has customers because of a new interstate nearby and mentions he lives with his mother in the house overlooking the motel. He invites Marion to have supper with him. She overhears Norman arguing with his mother about letting Marion in the house, and during the meal, she angers him by suggesting he institutionalize his mother. He admits he would like to do so, but does not want to abandon her. Later that night while Marion is changing Norman secretly watches and masturbates to her from a peephole in his office. Marion resolves to return to Phoenix to return the money. After calculating how she can repay the money she has spent, Marion dumps her notes down the toilet and begins to shower. An unidentified female figure presumed to be Norman\'s mother enters the bathroom and stabs Marion to death. Later, finding the corpse, Norman is horrified. He cleans the bathroom and places Marion\'s body, wrapped in the shower curtain, and all her possessions — including the money — in the trunk of her car and sinks it in a nearby swamp. Sam is contacted by both Marion\'s sister, Lila , and private detective Milton Arbogast , who has been hired by Marion\'s employer to find her and recover the money. Arbogast traces Marion to the motel and questions Norman, who unconvincingly lies that Marion stayed for one night and left the following morning. He refuses to let Arbogast talk to his mother, claiming she is ill. Arbogast calls Lila to update her and tells her he will contact her again in an hour after he questions Norman\'s mother. Arbogast enters Norman\'s house and at the top of the stairs is attacked by the "Mother" figure who slashes his face three times with a knife, pushes him down the stairs, then stabs him to death. When Arbogast does not call Lila, she and Sam contact the local police. Deputy Sheriff Al Chambers  is perplexed to hear that Arbogast saw a woman in a window, as Norman\'s mother had died ten years ago. Norman confronts his mother and urges her to hide in the cellar. She rejects the idea and orders him out of her room, but against her will Norman carries her to the cellar. Posing as a married couple, Sam and Lila check into the motel and search Marion\'s room, where they find a scrap of paper in the toilet with "$40,000" written on it. While Sam distracts Norman, Lila sneaks into the house to search for his mother. Sam suggests to Norman that he killed Marion for the money so he could buy a new motel. Realizing Lila is not around, Norman knocks Sam unconscious with a golf club and rushes to the house. Lila sees him and hides in the cellar where she discovers the mummified body of Norman\'s mother. Wearing his mother\'s clothes and a wig and carrying a knife, Norman enters and tries to attack Lila, but she is rescued by Sam. After Norman\'s arrest, forensic psychiatrist Dr. Fred Richmond  tells Sam and Lila that Norman\'s dead mother is living in Norman\'s psyche as an alternate personality. After the death of Norman\'s father, his mother found a lover. Norman went over the edge with jealousy and murdered both of them. He stole her corpse and preserved the body. When he is "Mother", he acts, talks, and dresses as she would. Norman imagined his mother would be as jealous of a woman to whom he might be attracted just as he was of his mother\'s lover, and so "Mother" kills any woman he has feelings for; when Norman regains consciousness, he believes that his mother has committed the crime, and covers up for her. Richmond concludes that the "Mother" personality has now taken complete control of Norman\'s mind. In the final scene, Norman sits in a cell, thinking in "Mother\'s" voice. In a voiceover, "Mother" explains that she plans to prove to the authorities she is incapable of violence by refusing to swat a fly that has landed on her hand. Marion\'s car is shown being recovered from the swamp, and is followed by the ending credits.'] ["Mark  returns home from an espionage mission  to find that his wife, Anna , wants a divorce. She won't say why, but insists it's not because she's found someone else. Though Mark would rather stay with Anna and work things out, he turns both the apartment and custody of their young son, Bob, over to her. Living alone, he begins to obsess over her, making dozens of calls, and seemingly going mad. He pays a visit to their flat only to find Bob alone, unkempt, and neglected. When Anna returns, he refuses to leave her alone with the child but attempts to make amends. He stays at the apartment to care for Bob but Anna leaves in the middle of the night. Mark receives a phone call from Anna’s lover, Heinrich , telling him that Anna is with him. He then gets Heinrich’s phone number from Anna’s friend, Margie. The next day, Mark meets Bob’s teacher, Helen . She looks exactly like Anna but with brilliant green eyes and where Anna is hysterical, Helen is calm and kind. Mark pays a visit to Heinrich who swears he didn’t call, telling Mark that Anna needed space; he has not seen her, having been away on a business trip himself. Mark attacks Heinrich, who defends himself and leaves Mark bloodied. Mark returns home to find Anna who, when confronted, is vague on her whereabouts. He beats her and she storms out. He follows, apologizing, attempting a reconciliation. She leaves him on the street. On his way back to the flat, he encounters Margie, whose left leg is inexplicably in a cast, and he tells her, “I loathe you” when she offers to look after Bob. Mark meets with a private investigator whom he hires to follow Anna, then returns to the flat where he and Margie embrace in the bedroom. The next day, Mark and Anna have another extreme argument during which she cuts her own neck with an electric knife. Mark tends the wound and then sits, forlornly in the kitchen, cutting his own arm with the knife. She leaves again – going off to her mysterious place, her neck bandaged. Following Anna around the city, the private investigator discovers Anna in a squalid, nearly empty apartment. The investigator pretends to be a building manager and inspects the apartment. In the bathroom, he finds a creature of such bizarre proportions that he is stunned into silence. Anna kills him with the end of a broken bottle. Meanwhile, Mark begins a relationship with Helen. When she stays the night, Bob is awakened by nightmares, crying out for his mother. Helen apologizes and leaves saying she should not have attempted to replace Anna. Zimmerman, the lover of the missing private detective, approaches Mark to inquire about his whereabouts. Mark gives him the address of Anna’s mysterious apartment, which was presumably given to him by the detective. When Zimmerman goes to Anna’s apartment, he discovers the freakish creature as well as his dead lover’s body. Anna proclaims that the creature, “Is very tired. He made love to me all night,” and “He’s still unfinished, you know.” She then violently beats Zimmerman when he attempts to shoot her, takes his gun and kills him. Anna, returning to the flat she shares with Mark, continues her erratic behavior, putting clothes in the refrigerator and food in the bedroom. She then tells Mark about her miscarriage. In a flashback, Anna, on her way home from market, has what appears to be a seizure of epic violence as she walks through the subway, ending with her on the floor of the passageway, oozing blood and fluids from every orifice. She tells Mark, “What I miscarried there was sister faith and what was left was sister chance.” She leaves him again and Mark calls Heinrich, giving him Anna’s address. Heinrich attempts to make love to her but finds the creature, still monstrous but more developed, in her bedroom. Anna then reveals the grim fruits of her endeavors: a collection of body parts in her refrigerator, presumably those of the dead detective and Zimmerman. She attacks Heinrich with a knife and he flees, bleeding. Anna, meanwhile, prepares to make love to the creature. Heinrich telephones Mark and asks to meet him at a bar, telling him what he has seen. Mark goes to the apartment and discovers the remains of the detective and his lover; he destroys the apartment by igniting the gas stove and blowing it up. When Mark arrives at the bar he murders Heinrich in the bathroom, making it look as if he drowned in his own vomit. Upon returning to the flat, Mark finds Margie outside with her throat cut, possibly at Anna’s hand. He brings the body back into the flat where Anna waits. She greets him tenderly, cleans him up and makes love to him in the kitchen. He lays out a plan for them to cover up the problem and, as Bob awakens to find them together, she flees. Heinrich’s mother phones Mark looking for her son. She tells Mark that Heinrich’s body was discovered but that she did not identify it because it was only his body, “his soul was not there.” Mark, who has continued to cover for Anna, finds her at the apartment where the creature, considerably more evolved, copulates with her on the bed. As the creature penetrates her she repeats over and over, “Almost.” Mark meets Heinrich’s mother in person and she claims that she “must be with him.” She then seemingly poisons herself and dies. Mark, later wandering the street, meets up with his former business associates who insist that he do business with them again. Mark appears to refuse and later, while being followed by police, murders an officer then flees on a motorcycle. He has a horrific accident and races into a building where he is pursued by Anna, the police and his business associates. Anna tells him, “I wanted to find you. It is finished now,” and reveals the creature, now fully formed as Mark’s doppelganger. Mark raises his gun to shoot it but he and Anna are gunned down by a hail of bullets from below. The doppelganger remains impervious. Anna uses Mark’s gun to shoot herself and dies in his arms. He jumps to his death through the stairwell. The doppelganger, meanwhile, enlists the help of a woman who resembles Margie, standing at the top of the stairs. The doppelganger flees through the roof. Later, Helen is at the flat with Bob when the doorbell rings. Bob repeats over and over, “Don’t open,” but Helen ignores his plea. She goes to the door as the sounds of sirens, planes and explosions fill the air. Bob races through the flat, ending in the bathroom where he jumps face down into a bathtub full of water and floats as if dead. Meanwhile, Helen, listening to the sirens and planes as if in fear, seems unaware of the doppelganger which can be seen through the glass door. Her expression changes to something indeterminate as light from the explosions illuminates her brilliant, green eyes."] ['Renai and Josh Lambert (Rose Byrne and [[Patrick Wilson  have recently moved into a new house with their three children. One morning, Renai looks through a family photo album with her son, Dalton , who asks why there are no pictures of Josh when he was a child. Renai reasons that he has always been camera shy. One day, Dalton hears something in the attic and goes to investigate. He sees something that scares him and falls when the attic ladder breaks. The next day, Dalton does not awaken from sleep. Renai and Josh rush him to the hospital, where the doctors say he is in an inexplicable coma. Three months later, Dalton is moved back to his home while still in a coma. Shortly after, disturbing events begin to occur. Renai believes the house is haunted when she begins to see and hear other people in the house. She confronts Josh about the events and the family soon moves to another house. In the new house, increasingly violent and supernatural events reoccur. Josh\'s mother, Lorraine , contacts a friend, Elise Reiner , who specializes in the investigation of paranormal activity. The family, Elise, and her team enter Dalton\'s room and Elise sees and describes a figure to one of her two assistants, who draws a black figure with a red face and dark hollow eyes on the ceiling of Dalton\'s room. Elise explains to Renai and Josh that Dalton has the ability to astral project while sleeping and that he has been doing it since he was very young. The reason that Dalton is in a comatose state is because he has fearlessly travelled too far into different spiritual worlds  and has consequently become lost in a land called "The Further"—the land is a place for the tormented souls of the dead. While Dalton\'s spirit is in this other world, he has left nothing but a lifeless body. The tormented souls crave another chance at life through Dalton\'s state, while the demon has a malicious intent. However, for a spirit to consume a body, a period of time and energy are required. Skeptical at first, Josh later relents when he discovers Dalton had been drawing pictures which resemble the demonic figure Elise described. They run a session to try to communicate with Dalton where the demon uses Dalton\'s body to fight the group, along with 3 other spirits who want Dalton\'s body. After the session, Elise calls Lorraine and the two reveal to the couple that Josh also can astral project, and was terrorized by an evil spirit during his childhood. Lorraine shows them pictures from Josh\'s childhood, revealing a shadowy old woman  going nearer and nearer to Josh in each picture, which explains his fear of photos, and Elise suggest Lorraine to stop taking of photos of him. Elise suggests that Josh should use his ability to find and help return Dalton\'s soul, to which Josh agrees. Josh projects himself into The Further, finds and frees his son, who had been captured by the red-faced demon. In search of their physical bodies, Josh and Dalton flee the demon that is pursuing them. Just before the two awaken, Josh abandons his son to confront the shadowy old woman who appears to be inside his house. As he shouts for her to get away from him, she retreats into the darkness. Moments later, Josh and Dalton both awaken, just as all the spirits vanish. With the family now happily reunited, Renai, Dalton and Lorraine chat in the kitchen as Elise and Josh pack up from the long night. Josh hands Elise the pictures from his childhood, and as she takes them from his hands, she senses something and takes a picture of Josh. He promptly goes into a rage, claiming she knows that he doesn\'t like to get photographed, and chokes her to death. Renai hears Josh yelling and goes into the room to find Elise dead and Josh gone. She searches for Josh and comes across Elise\'s camera. When she looks at the camera, she sees a picture of an old woman. It\'s revealed that what Elise saw was Josh\'s old and dirty hand and nails, similar to the old woman\'s, implying that she has possessed him. Josh then puts his hand on Renai\'s shoulder, and she is horrified to see what is behind her. After the post-credits, the shadowy, old woman can be seen blowing out a candle.'] ['Horror writer Edmund Blackstone  sees his recurring nightmare come to chilling life one weekend as one by one, his friends and family are killed by three villains, led by Martine Beswick as the Queen of Evil, and Hervé Villechaize as Spider.'] ['{{Expand section}} The story revolves around an attempt to keep alive the brain of millionaire megalomaniac W.H. Donovan after an otherwise fatal plane crash.'] ['When David , a comedian, gets a three night gig at a trucker\'s bar, his girlfriend, Sylvia , leaves him and accepts a ride from a trucker, Jack . Problems arise when we discover that Jack may be a deranged serial killer of young women. David is starting a chase with the trucker and his girlfriend which is not aware of the danger. Jack starts a game with David, in which Sylvia\'s life is at stake. Travelling together with Sylvia in his truck named "Goliath", Jack is leaving some clues to David as he follows them, at the same time acting as a "good stranger" to Sylvia, telling her stories about his life, and as we later learn difficult childhood in which he encountered bad treatment of his father towards his mother, . Following chase, David meets Jack and Sylvia in deserted place Jack opens fire from his rifle, Sylvia momentarily learns about his real plans, and tries to escape . After several miles of further chase they\'re meeting again for a dramatic final scene, in which David is eventually able to defeat Jack, though this isn\'t possible without blood shed .'] ['Robbie Levinson  and Trey McCoy  are an openly gay couple living in a suburban home near friend and next-door neighbor Kathleen Slansky . The couple plans to hold a commitment ceremony to exchange rings. Trey\'s mother, Barbara , suggests to Trey, who suggests to Robbie, that the couple consider raising a child. When Chris Boyd  arrives next-door with a moving truck with friend Alton Kachim , they disgustedly watch Trey kiss a nervous Robbie. Alton annoys Chris with his homophobic jokes, and suggests they "do something about it." Chris makes unprovoked, threatening remarks toward Robbie, telling Robbie he will "go to hell" and warns him to “watch his back." Chris is a youth pastor and the son of Pastor Boyd  who vehemently condemns homosexuality. Chris delivers Robbie his church\'s pamphlet after Kathleen refuses it and threatens retaliation should Chris get involved. Robbie subsequently learns of the church and Pastor Boyd, who is angered to learn Chris has long been estranged from his presumed daughter-in-law. While walking his Boston Terrier, Trey is brutally attacked with a baseball bat and is taken to a hospital, where he falls into a coma. Under criminal investigation, the Boyd family conspires to agree on Chris\' alibi. Robbie commits to a child, but Trey soon suffers severe brain hemorrhage and dies, having never awakened since the attack. Robbie dons himself and Trey with their commitment rings at Trey\'s viewing. The investigation is transferred to homicide Detective Esposito , who asks Robbie if he killed Trey, pointing out his insurance policy and the fact that Robbie’s were the only set of fingerprints on the bat. Robbie is arrested and given a restraining order for assaulting Chris after a failed attempt to get a surreptitiously tape-recorded confession from Chris. Esposito moves to make a case against him. Robbie enters Chris\' home and finds gay porn in his internet bookmarks. Pastor Boyd confronts Chris with a private investigator’s photographs of Chris meeting for anonymous gay sex on multiple occasions, and it is revealed that Chris was meeting one of his lovers on the night of the murder. Detective Fisher  contacts Alton, who surmises that Chris killed Trey, because he phoned his parents\' home and he was not there. Pastor Boyd confronts his son and confesses to murdering Trey. Robbie tape-records Pastor Boyd confessing to the murder and turns the tape over to Esposito. Esposito refuses to move against the pastor and confiscates the tape, but Barbara recovers it. Chris contemplates suicide, yet refuses to testify against his father; he does, however, leave Robbie his father\'s gun. Robbie, Kathleen, and Barbara conspire and execute a plan to kill Pastor Boyd in a disguised break-in to retrieve the tape-recording. With Chris\'s testimony against his dead father, Esposito reluctantly accepts the staged break-in as fact.'] ['In The Attic Door, two siblings, a brother and sister, are left alone in a far-flung and desolate area of the American Old West. Every day, the siblings endeavor to maintain the family farm, apprehensively waiting for their parents\' return. Having no place to escape to, the brother and sister discover that they are not completely alone on their farm. They repudiate the truth that something behind their attic door is now awake but must now face brave their greatest fear. The Attic Door is a story of the "love, loss, loneliness, and the truth behind childhood fears."'] ['Private investigator Patrick Kenzie and his partner/girlfriend Angie Gennaro witness a televised plea by a woman named Helene McCready for the return of her missing daughter Amanda, who was abducted with her favorite doll "Mirabelle". Patrick and Angie are then hired by the child\'s Aunt Beatrice to find Amanda and discover that Helene and her boyfriend "Skinny Ray" had recently stolen money from Cheese, a local Haitian drug lord. After Ray is murdered, Patrick and Angie join the police detectives investigating the case, Remy Bressant and Nick Poole, to arrange a trade of the money for Amanda. Captain Jack Doyle shows Patrick a telephone transcript of the drug lord setting up an exchange for Amanda. The exchange at a nearby quarry in Quincy is botched and Amanda is believed to have drowned, as her doll is found in the quarry and returned to Helene. Doyle, whose own daughter was killed years before, takes responsibility for the death and goes into early retirement. Two months later, a seven-year-old boy is abducted in Everett and Patrick receives information that the boy was taken by a known child molester. After entering his house and finding evidence of the abducted boy, Patrick returns with Remy and Nick to rescue him. They are seen by the residents and Nick is shot. Patrick enters the house during the shootout and finds one of the residents dead. He retreats into the child molester\'s room, where he finds the boy\'s dead body; he then shoots the child molester in the back of the head in a fit of rage. Nick later dies of his wounds. Trying to alleviate Patrick\'s guilt over the events at the house, Remy unthinkingly confides that he once planted evidence on someone with the help of "Skinny Ray" &mdash; whom he had initially told Patrick he didn\'t know. After Nick\'s funeral, Patrick speaks to a police officer, who tells him that Remy had been asking about the drug lord\'s stolen money before the drug lord knew it was missing. Patrick then questions Beatrice\'s husband Lionel in a bar and pieces together that Lionel and Remy had conspired to stage a fake kidnapping in order to take the drug money for themselves and to save Amanda from her mother\'s neglectful parenting. At that point, Remy  enters the bar, while wearing a latex mask and holding a shotgun, and stages a robbery. He points the shotgun at Lionel\'s head, but the bartender shoots Remy twice in the back. Remy flees and is pursued by Patrick to the rooftop of a nearby building, where he dies. Patrick is questioned by the police about Remy\'s death and learns that the police never had a phone transcript like the one that Doyle had shown him prior to the botched exchange. Patrick and Angie drive to Doyle\'s home, where Patrick finds Amanda living happily with Doyle and his wife; Doyle was part of the phony kidnapping all along. Patrick threatens to call the authorities, but Doyle attempts to convince him that Amanda is better off living with them than with her mother. Patrick leaves and discusses the choices with Angie, who says she will leave him if he calls the police, since she believes that Amanda is much better off with the Doyles. In the next scene, the police arrive, Doyle is arrested, Amanda is returned to her mother amidst heavy publicity, and Patrick and Angie break up. Patrick later visits Amanda as Helene is about to leave on a date with someone she met during the publicity over her daughter\'s disappearance; at the same time, she makes a play for Patrick himself. Helene informs Patrick that Beatrice has been forbidden to visit and is upset about her husband\'s arrest. Helene has no babysitter for Amanda and when asked, she tells Patrick that Dottie  will watch her, even though she has yet to ask Dottie herself. Patrick volunteers to watch Amanda, who is holding her old doll and watching television. Patrick asks Amanda about Mirabelle, only to hear Amanda inform him that her doll\'s name is "Annabelle" &mdash; implying that Helene did not even know the name of her daughter\'s favorite toy.'] ['Lynn Markham  visits a beach house that once belonged to her dead husband. There, she meets real estate agent Amy Rawlinson  and Drummond "Drummy" Hall , an attractive beach bum who wanders in and out of the house as though he owned it. Lynn learns the house was once rented to Eloise Crandall , an older woman whose cause of death  remains undetermined. Lynn later discovers "Drummy" is the accomplice of card sharps Osbert and Queenie Sorenson , and that he heartlessly pursued Crandall in order to set her up for card games with the Sorensons. Lynn\'s physical attraction to Drummy is overpowering and she marries him. Events on their honeymoon lead Lynn to believe he murdered Eloise. It transpires, however, that Amy Rawlinson killed Crandall because she wanted Drummy for herself.'] ["Sydney Wells  is a successful classical violinist who has been blind since the age of five. Fifteen years later, Sydney undergoes a cornea transplant, which causes her eyesight to return, a bit blurry at first. As time goes on, Sydney's vision begins to clear; however, she also begins experiencing terrifying visions, mostly of fire and of people dying. The bulk of the rest of the film concerns Sydney unravelling the mystery of the visions, and trying to convince others, primarily her visual therapist, Paul Faulkner , who becomes a helpmate in her quest. She knows that she is not going insane. She finds herself in Mexico, where the donated corneas were originally from. The fire and people dying are the result of an industrial accident that the former donor foretold and shortly after that hanged herself because she could not stop the accident from occurring. Sydney puts the spirit to rest, and began her trek home. As Sydney and Paul wait in a queue of vehicles to cross the border, a high speed police chase ends with the fugitive crashing through the border barriers and into a tanker full of gasoline. Sydney, able to still see the death silhouettes, begins to try to get everyone she can off the highway. The tanker explodes from a spark in the getaway car's engine, and Sydney is blinded by flying glass. After recovering at a hospital, she returns to her life as a blind violinist, though with a more optimistic view of her condition."] ['From the original promotional material: “Major Cliff Marquette  and his Special Forces Detachment are called on by the CIA to investigate alleged "black magic" in the jungles of Cambodia. After a sudden and devastating firefight, Cliff is caught and subjected to brutal torture at the hands of the enemy. Pain beyond his ability to endure; then, at the height of his agony, Cliff is mysteriously transported to another world, an alternate reality of fondest desires. Forged from his own mind, perhaps... or maybe a result of the very magic he had been sent to observe. Either way, Cliff\'s terror has not ended, it is only begun, for in his seeming salvation lies a horrifying catch. A fine-print provision with which fate can still claim him... unless, with the clock counting down, Cliff Marquette can beat the odds one more time. Manage to cheat fate. It will take his wits. And it will require a gun...”'] ["A beautiful teenage babysitter  is charged with the care of a preteen boy, a little girl, and a baby. She becomes the basis for fantasies of the boy, her boyfriend, Jack, his questionable friend, and the father of the children she is babysitting. Meanwhile, the children's mother, at a party thinks Jack's friend's father wants to have an affair with her, and she fantasizes about it."] ['{{expand section}} When his wife is killed in a seemingly random incident, Harry , prompted by mysterious visions, journeys to discover the true circumstances surrounding her murder.'] ['When a woman is murdered following her discovery of an unpublished Charles Dickens manuscript, an unusual trio team up to investigate. The three are Mike , an ambitious sports reporter determined to make a name for himself, Kate , a police officer, and an eccentric old man . Together they must track down the mystery and we are taken back to the world of Charles Dickens. Only when they solve the riddle of the manuscript are they able to solve the present day crime, but they must also face opposers: a greedy detective , a publisher , and a ruthless construction company owner .'] ['A clean cut drifter ends up in a small town called Brewster. Getting wind of the local public-access television cable TV station, the man decides to host his own show called Our Town which becomes a focal point for town citizens to call in and voice their problems anonymously. However, things start to get ugly and tensions rise for the show, which begins to elevate the man\'s signature catchphrase "What\'s wrong with Brewster?" into an entirely new subject for the people of Brewster, when the town becomes embroiled in a mess its created, driven by a man whose intentions might be far more sinister than he appears to be.{{cite video}}'] ["Although aspiring actresses Nozomi  and Rana  share a Tokyo apartment that's owned by their talent management agency, they're a world apart. Nozomi is a soft-spoken country girl from Sado Island who prides herself on being demure. City girl Rana, who grew up in a rough area of Tokyo, is more worldly, experienced and jaded. Whilst in apartment, they learn they have auditioned for the same part in a highly anticipated film called Yakuza Wives and that there will be a phone call in the morning that will reveal who wins the role. They decide to stay in for the phone call. A conversation between two actresses turns sour, bringing their hidden resentment to the surface, which pushes them into committing a series of violent acts against each other while arguing over their backgrounds, lifestyles, choices, and love lives. As they lay dying from severe injuries they inflicted on each other, their apartment phone finally rings at dawn. When it goes unanswered, it's switched to their answering machine. A male voice on the machine announces they both won the part."] ["Adrienne Saunders  is happily married to her art dealer husband, Jack . They have a daughter named Mary. Adrienne hears from a friend that she thought she saw Jack in town when he claimed to be on an out of town business trip. Adrienne confronts him, but he denies being in town, and their lives continue. Soon after a museum curator is mysteriously murdered, and a relic that Jack bought for the museum is revealed to be a fake. Jack is placed under suspicion, and then Adrienne receives word from the police that Jack perished in a car accident. In trying to wrap up Jack's affairs, Adrienne begins to suspect that her husband had switched identities with a high school classmate, Frank Sullivan. When she sees a high school yearbook picture of her husband attributed to Sullivan, she is convinced. She tracks down a relative of Saunders, who confirms that Frank and Jack were inseparable in high school. After Jack died, the relative never saw Frank again. She explained that Frank's father was an alcoholic and that his mother worked as a toll booth operator. She directs Adrienne to Frank's mother, who lives in a rundown apartment in Brooklyn. Frank's mother bitterly receives the news that she has a granddaughter, telling Adrienne that Frank was always selfish and that he never looked in on her. A stalker lurks at Adrienne's loft. He comes in to Adrienne's bed while she is asleep and caresses her. He watches Mary, who is spooked by the man in her room at night. One day, as the housekeeper is finishing up her chores and leaving, she surprises the stalker who attacks her, leaving her almost dead in the bathroom and ransacking the apartment. At work, Adrienne gets an urgent message from Mrs. Sullivan, and she rushes out to her apartment. When she gets there, the door is open, and Mrs. Sullivan is nowhere to be found. As Adrienne looks for her in the apartment, Jack appears. Adrienne slaps him and rages at his cruelty. Jack calms her down and tries to explain. He says that when Jack died, he was completely distraught and that he just sort of fell into his identity during the mourning process. He reveals that a man named Dan Sherman had discovered Jack's false identity and blackmailed him. Jack faked his death in order to escape, knowing that he would have to give up his life with Adrienne and Mary. He tells her that Sherman is insistent on having an Egyptian necklace which is in their apartment, and he asks Adrienne to look for it. As she leaves the apartment, Jack watches her from the window. Behind him, the body of his dead mother lies on the bed with a plastic bag over her head. During her search for the necklace, Adrienne discovers a Parks Department photo ID. It bears her husband's picture and the name Dan Sherman. She tracks down an address and pays a surprise visit to the house. A pregnant Mrs. Sherman is on the phone and lets her in, thinking she is with the moving company. Adrienne looks around the house and sees wedding pictures of her husband with Mrs. Sherman. In a photo album, she sees a picture of Mary and confronts Mrs. Sherman about it. Mrs. Sherman says that it is a picture of her husband's dead sister, demanding to know who Adrienne is. The person on the phone is Jack/Dan, who asks her to give the phone to Adrienne. He congratulates Adrienne on tracking down his new life, and he reveals that he has kidnapped Mary with no intent to harm her. Mary explained that she had traded the necklace with another girl, and Jack instructs Adrienne to retrieve it and meet him at 9:00 p.m. at their loft to exchange Mary for the necklace. At the loft, Adrienne asks to see Mary, and Jack explains that she is downstairs playing in the car. When Adrienne tries to go see her, Jack pins her against a wall and demands the necklace first. Adrienne stabs him and tries to flee. After a long chase throughout the construction in the rest of the building, Adrienne lures Jack into an elevator shaft, where he falls to his death."] ['Reporter Michael Ward is the key witness in a murder trial. His evidence &ndash; that he saw the accused Briggs standing over the body of a man in a diner &ndash; is instrumental in having Briggs deemed guilty. Afterwards Ward’s fiancee Jane is worried whether Ward was correct in what he saw and Ward becomes haunted by this question. Next Ward’s neighbour is killed the same way as the man in the diner, but Ward is arrested for trying to point this out to the police. As a result, Jane goes out to try to clear Ward by finding the sinister stranger that Ward saw on the stairwell.'] ['In Los Angeles, a young doctor is suspected when a series of Jack the Ripper copycat killings is committed. However, when the doctor himself is murdered, his identical twin brother claims to have seen visions of the true killer.'] ["They met only once, but back in 1972 David and Peter had left lasting impressions on one another, for one of them was stabbed continually with a fountain pen, leaving him with everlasting bodily scars. As for the other, his savage attack on his childhood opponent after his public humiliation and defeat was a catalyst that ended his parent's marriage, as his father left forever; his offspring discovered his mother dying, having been slashed with a broken bottle. This boy spent the next twenty years in and out of asylums and foster care. Now it seems he's become one of the youngest, most successful chess grandmasters in history. Brilliant if troubled widower with a precious daughter, he suddenly finds himself a suspect in his casual lover's murder. When more homicides occur Capt. Frank Sedman and his partner Det. Andy Wagner discover that a serial killer is at work on the New England island. With our chessmaster becoming more and more connected to the deaths, shrink Kathy Sheppard is brought in to figure out if this chess prodigy is as innocent as he claims to be."] ['The Screaming Skull opens with a disclaimer that the film "reaches its climax in shocking horror"; American International Pictures promises free burial services to anyone who dies of fright while watching the film. The narrative portion of the film begins as newlyweds Jenni and Eric  move into Eric\'s palatial country home. Jenni is Eric\'s second wife; his first wife Marion died when she accidentally drowned in a decorative pond on the estate. At the home they meet Eric\'s friends, the Reverend Snow  and his wife, as well as Mickey , the aloof gardener. Eric privately mentions to the Snows that Jenni spent time in an asylum following the sudden death of both her parents. Jenni is disturbed both by Mickey\'s belief that Marion\'s ghost wanders the estate and by Marion\'s self-portrait inside the house, who Jenni believes resembles her mother. When she begins to hear unexplained screaming noises and see skulls around her house, Jenni begins to believe that Marion is haunting her. Though Eric speculates to Jenni that Mickey, who was a childhood friend of Marion and thus dislikes Jenni, may be behind the trickery, Jenni worries that she is going insane. Eric then suggests to remove Marion\'s self-portrait from the home. Eric and Jenni take the painting outside and burn it. While they clean up the remains of the painting, a skull emerges from the ashes. While Jenni panics at the sight of the skull, Eric denies that the skull is there. Jenni faints and Eric withdraws the skull and hides it, revealing that he was responsible for the trickery all along in an effort to get hold of her wealth. Believing she has finally lost her sanity, Jenni resolves to be committed. She tells Eric that the entire property will be meticulously searched for the skull as a last resort. Before Eric can retrieve it, Mickey secretly steals the skull and brings it to the Reverend, revealing Eric\'s plans. That night, Eric prepares to murder Jenni and stage it as a suicide. Jenni sees Marion\'s ghost in Mickey\'s greenhouse and flees back to the house. When she enters, Eric begins throttling her. The ghost then appears and chases Eric outside and about the property; it finally corners and attacks him, drowning him in the decorative pond. After Jenni regains consciousness, the Snows arrive. Mrs. Snow comforts a hysterical Jenni and the Reverend discovers Eric\'s body in the pond. Some undisclosed time later, Jenni and the Snows depart from the house. Reverend Snow declares whether or not Marion\'s death was an accident will remain a mystery.'] ["Tokyo. 1910. Dr. Daitokuji Yukio , a former military doctor who has taken over a successful practice from his father and treats plague victims, is living a charmed life: he is a respected young doctor with a successful practice and Rin ([[Ryo , a beautiful wife. His only problem is that she suffers from amnesia, and her past is unknown. However, things begin to fall apart. Both his parents die suddenly, killed by a mysterious stranger who looks just like him. His relationship with his wife worsens after he chooses to cure the mayor instead of destitute denizens of nearby ghettos. While isolated from his relatives, he one day faces the mysterious stranger who turns out to be his long-lost rejected twin, Sutekichi . Bent on revenge, Sutekichi throws him into the garden's well and takes over his life and his wife. The final conflict between the two brothers is realized when Yukio, forced into an animalistic existence in the well, reemerges, prompting the fratricidal fight for the love of the same woman, since it turns out  that Rin had actually once been Sutekichi's lover."] ["Diego asks Ángel if he is homosexual, noting that he is not experienced with women. Ángel says he is not and vows to prove himself. Later that day, Ángel attempts to rape Eva , a model who is both his neighbour and Diego's girlfriend. As she is leaving him, she trips in the mud and gashes her cheek. At the sight of her blood, Ángel faints. The next day, Ángel's mother insists that he go to church as a condition of living in her home. After mass, she insists that he go to confession, but instead of confessing to the priest, he goes to the police station to confess to the rape. When Eva is brought to the station, she says he ejaculated before penetrating her and declines to press charges. Alone with the police detective , Ángel notices photos of dead men with the same wound administered by the woman seen during his earlier spell of vertigo. He confesses to having killed them. The detective then asks about two missing women, who were also students of Diego, and Ángel confesses to killing them as well. Although Ángel is able to lead the police to the bodies of the missing women, buried outside Diego's home, the police detective is not convinced. He questions how Ángel could have buried them there without Diego's knowledge, then discovers that Ángel has an alibi for the murder of one of the men. Finally, he discovers that Ángel faints at the sight of blood. Meanwhile, Ángel's lawyer, María Cardenal , who is the same woman who was shown killing one of the men during Ángel's bout of vertigo in the practice ring, begins to suspect that Diego killed the two women students. She takes Diego to a remote house where she has been collecting memorabilia related to Diego since she first saw him kill a bull. They return to Diego's home, where Eva, who wants to convince Diego not to break up with her, overhears enough to realize that they are the killers. When María leaves, Eva tells Diego he has to take her back, since she knows everything. He says he will, but Eva also goes to María to tell her she must stay away from Diego, since Eva knows her secrets. María's reaction does not reassure Eva, and she goes to the police. While Eva is telling the detective what she has heard, Ángel's psychiatrist  calls the detective to tell him that Ángel has seen Diego and María in a vertigo trance, and that they are in danger. Ángel is able to guide them to María's remote house. Just as the police, Ángel, the psychiatrist, and Eva arrive, an eclipse begins, and they hear a gunshot. María has stabbed Diego between the shoulder blades and shot herself in the mouth as they were making love. Viewing the scene, the detective says that it is better this way and that he has never seen anyone happier."] ['Eve Gill , an aspiring actress studying at RADA, is interrupted in the middle of a rehearsal by her friend, actor Jonathan Cooper . The frantic Jonathan explains that he is the secret lover of flamboyant stage actress/singer, Charlotte Inwood . He claims that Charlotte visited him after killing her husband in an argument. She was wearing a bloodstained dress and Jonathan agreed to go back to her house and obtain another one. He found the body of Mr. Inwood at the residence, took a spare dress from the wardrobe and then tried to simulate a burglary gone wrong, only to be caught in the act by Charlotte\'s theatre maid and dresser, Nellie Goode . He is now on the run, wanted by the police. Eve has long had a crush on Jonathan, but accepts that he is not interested in her romantically. She takes him to hide in a house near the coast owned by her father, Commodore Gill . Persuaded to help, the Commodore then notices that the blood on Charlotte\'s dress has been smeared on deliberately, not by accident, and he and Eve suspect that Jonathan has been framed. He angrily rejects this, destroying the dress and thus the best evidence they have on Charlotte. Eve decides to investigate for herself. Posing as a reporter, she bribes Nellie Goode to pretend that she is ill and cannot work for Charlotte for a while. Eve then utilises her acting skills to affect the false identity and accent of a Cockney maid, claiming to be Nellie\'s cousin, "Doris Tinsdale", and takes the temporary job of replacing "her cousin" in order to infiltrate Charlotte\'s household. In the course of trying to clear Jonathan, Eve meets Detective Inspector Wilfred Smith ([[Michael Wilding . As Eve, she and Smith get quite friendly and she has to go to great lengths to cover the fact that she is also "Doris" the maid when Smith visits Charlotte to ask further questions. As Eve, she is not able to get much from him on the progress of the investigation. Out to court Eve, Smith visits her and her mother at their home in London. They are joined by the Commodore who drops subtle hints to Eve that Jonathan has left their house by the sea. Meanwhile, in spite of the tragedies that are surrounding her, Charlotte continues to perform at her West End musical show. She is secretly visited by Jonathan who wants her to accompany him abroad and tells her that he still has the dress with the bloodstain. Charlotte makes it clear that she will not give up her career for a hunted fugitive &mdash; in any case she is secretly having an affair with her manager Freddie Williams . Eve again helps Jonathan escape the police and he hides out at the Gill\'s London residence. He thanks Eve for her support, but she feels torn since she is starting to fall in love with Wilfred Smith. When Nellie Goode uncovers the deception that is going on, Eve manages to buy her off with blackmail money. With time running out, she persuades Smith to accompany her to a garden party where Charlotte is singing on stage in a large tent. During the performance, Commodore Gill gets a little boy to take a doll wearing a dress stained with blood, Gill\'s own, up to the stage. The sight causes Charlotte to collapse and Williams summons "Doris" for assistance. Seeing Eve attending to Charlotte and the stained doll\'s dress leads Smith to put two and two together. Smith confronts Eve and the Commodore over their "amateur meddling". They persuade him to set Charlotte up into making a confession. Once the theatre has closed for the evening, Eve comes out of character and confronts Charlotte near a hidden microphone &mdash; Smith and his men listening in to the conversation from the loudspeakers. Charlotte admits her involvement in her husband\'s death (making her an [[Accessory  but denies committing the murder itself, blaming Jonathan. Eve then sees that Jonathan has been brought to the theatre by the police, Smith having guessed that he was hiding in their house. She falls into hysterics, enabling Jonathan to get away. At this point Smith reveals to the Commodore that Jonathan really did kill Mr. Inwood and that he has actually killed before, though he got off on a plea of self-defence. Hiding below stage, Jonathan confesses to Eve that Charlotte goaded him into killing her husband &mdash; but actually in order to make way for Freddie Williams. The story he told Eve when she agreed to hide him was all lies. He has a temper that makes him lash out when provoked. When he threatens to kill her as well, Eve escapes and in the confusion that follows Jonathan is decapitated by the stage\'s safety curtain.'] ['Arriving in a new city, writer Nick Eliot  secures a job at Pique magazine and lodgings in a guest house belonging to Cliff and Liv Forrester . The handsome Nick soon makes the acquaintance of the Forrester\'s 14-year-old daughter Adrian  , a precocious gifted girl who has borderline personality disorder[3] and develops an intense attraction to him. She secretly helps Nick by sneaking into his room and rewriting one of his Pique stories, which subsequently wins a rave from his editor/boss Michael . At a party thrown by the Forresters, Nick agrees to accompany the lonely girl on a nighttime drive to a romantic spot, where she kisses him. This intensifies Adrian\'s crush on Nick, but he quickly wises up and attempts to put her off, having begun a budding romance with co-worker Amy . Adrian continues to boldly pursue him, even going so far as to undress in his view. Nick, however, continues to rebuff her advances, and Adrian\'s actions become destructive—she defaces a car he\'s restored and erases his computer discs—yet he\'s unable to convince Cliff and Liv of what\'s going on. Cheyenne , a friend of Adrian who tries to warn Nick about her, meets with an "accident" at the riding school they attend together. Then, after Adrian spies on Amy in bed with Nick, the girl locks Amy in her darkroom and empties a wasps\' nest into the vents. Amy survives, and Nick, now convinced that Adrian is big trouble, attempts to find new lodgings. However, Adrian manages to sabotage his efforts. She then accuses him of sexually assaulting her with "evidence" obtained from a used condom from Nick\'s trash, leading to his arrest. After Michael bails him out , Nick is met once again by Cheyenne. She informs Nick that she knows he did not do anything to Adrian, and that Adrian had behaved like this before to a previous crush, a camp counselor named Rick who "accidentally," died by eating something poisonious. Cheyenne also informs Nick of a diary Adrian kept that can acquit him. When Cheyenne leaves, Nick goes looking for her when he hears strange noises from the Forresters\' house. He discovers Cheyenne tied up in the attic and is confronted by Adrian and then Cliff, who attacks him. Adrian, still infatuated, attacks her father, leaving Nick free to subdue her with one punch. Acquitted, Nick goes to live with Amy while Adrian, confined to a psychiatric ward, wishes to express her remorse for what she has done to Nick. Her doctor comments that she is making good progress, but seems to be yet unaware she is developing a crush on him.'] ["Defense attorney Dwight Bradley Masen is successful in seeking the acquittal of a young man, Rudi Walchek, accused of knifing to death the 19-year-old son of a local locksmith, but when Rudi lets a comment slip after the trial, Masen realizes he has defended a guilty man. Masen discovers that Rudi is also a member of a syndicate extorting money from the scared merchants in the locksmith's neighborhood. After unearthing new evidence, Masen tries to convince the D.A. to retry the case, but the latter refuses on grounds that it would be double jeopardy. Masen discovers that the head of the citizens' crime commission, is also involved in the syndicate. In a rage Masen kills Layford, but the murder is pinned on Rudi. Despite sensing a higher justice at work, Masen feels obliged to defend Rudi once again. This time Rudi is found guilty. Masen confesses to the D.A. that he is the culprit, but the D.A. feels justice has been served and refuses to reopen the case. Masen makes one final visit to Rudi in prison, confesses, gives him the murder weapon and turns his back to Rudi to await his fate."] ["Leila Murray works as a receptionist in a motel. She begins to offer sexual services to customers in exchange for money. As she explores her sexuality, she discovers within herself an attraction towards semi-rough sex. One of her customers, Gary Jensen, beats her during their first encounter. When he returns to apologize, she accepts and begins to see him again. When one of Leila's other customers gets too rough, Leila flees to Gary's room to seek his consolation and protection. His gentle treatment of her encourages her growing trust in him. Leila's only confidant, outside of Gary, is a little girl that plays around the inn. The girl lives in an unhappy home, where her parents fight constantly. One day, the girl's Uncle Andy takes the child and her mother Bonnie on a roadtrip. In the midst of this trip, the little girl discovers that her mother and her Uncle Andy are having an affair. Meanwhile, Leila has grown very close to Gary, who begins to represent an escape from her passionless marriage and dead-end job. She stops charging him for sex. Despite momentary misgivings about his intentions, his passion convinces her to turn away from her life. She steals the money from the inn, and gives it to Gary, along with her savings acquired through her sexual services of the inn's clients. Together, they drive away in his car to his cabin in the woods. Once there, she is informed by one of Gary's friends that he is a pimp, and that his intention is to sell her services to his friends. Trapped, with no money or means of transportation, she is raped and beaten by a group of men invited by Gary. In the midst of her trauma, her mind turns back to the day in her childhood when her Uncle Andy had taken Leila's mother Bonnie out on a roadtrip and killed Bonnie in a fit of jealousy, right in front of the child Leila. It is thus revealed that Leila 'is' the little girl to whom she had been talking throughout the film. The little girl's broken home life holds the key to Leila's grown-up sexuality. After Leila is raped, one of the men takes pity on her and helps her to escape Gary's cabin. Gary and the men form a search party and comb the woods to find her. The little girl, Leila's child self, appears to Leila to inform her that Gary intends to kill her and that she must fight for her survival. When Gary finds Leila, he is distracted by the distant screaming of the little girl that he can't see, and Leila takes the opportunity to run off and flee to safety in the arms of her friend and co-worker Millie, who had been searching the woods for her, as well. Thus Leila turns her back on Gary and acknowledges the previously-suppressed memories of her past."] ['The film opens as Grady Edwards  transforms himself in a bathroom. He shaves off his beard, dyes his hair, and takes out his brown contact lenses. He goes downstairs with his luggage and fixes himself peanut butter toast and coffee. As he leaves the house, the camera reveals the bodies of his wife and her three children. Susan Harding  is shopping in a grocery store with her youngest children when she meets Grady, who introduces himself as David Harris, a man who lost his wife and daughter in a car accident. He charms her, and six months later, they are engaged to be married. Susan\'s eldest son, Michael  returns home from military school and is wary of the situation. David invites him down to the basement, where he has installed locked cabinets, and tries to befriend Michael over tequila shots. Michael\'s suspicions start when David uses the wrong name when mentioning his deceased daughter. After Susan says that an elderly neighbor warned her that America\'s Most Wanted ran a profile on a serial killer that looked like David, David sneaks into the woman\'s house and throws her down her basement stairs. Susan\'s ex-husband Jay confronts David angrily about laying hands on his younger son, Sean, after David grabbed the boy roughly for failing to turn down the volume on his video game. He warns Susan that she knows nothing about David. Doubts about David mount further when he quits his job working as a real estate agent for Susan\'s sister, Jackie  to avoid giving a photo ID and other identifiers. Later, Jay confronts David about an apparent lie about his college history. David clubs him with a vase and suffocates him with a plastic bag. He then sends Michael a text with Jay\'s phone saying that David checked out okay. When the neighbor woman\'s body is discovered two weeks later, David tells the family. Michael is alarmed because he overheard David being told by the postman, who gave less detail than David. While Michael\'s girlfriend, Kelly , tries to get him to focus on college applications, he grows more obsessed with the contradictions in David\'s stories. Kelly tries to grab his attention by saying she is having sex with another guy. Michael, who is obsessed with David\'s stories, doesn\'t pay attention, and Kelly leaves. The situation comes to a head when David, intercepts an email from Jackie about hiring an investigator. He goes to Jackie\'s house and drowns her in her pool. Determined to discover what was in the locked cabinets, Michael breaks into the basement as Kelly keeps a lookout. In the basement, Michael eventually discovers his dad\'s body in the freezer. David knocks out Kelly and traps Michael in the basement. The commotion awakens Susan, and he berates her parenting skills and shouts that he thought she could be "Mrs. Grady Edwards". On Susan\'s stunned reaction, David grimaces and asks, "Who am I here?" Susan tries to flee to the bathroom. David, trying to break in, kicks the door and shatters the mirror behind it. Susan picks up a sharp piece of glass and hides it behind her. When David breaks in, Susan stabs the glass piece into David\'s neck, supposedly killing him. Michael escapes from the basement and finds Kelly. They find Susan in the hallway across from the bathroom, thinking David is dead. Then, David approaches from behind and blocks the stairs, chases all of them into the attic where he and Michael fight, eventually falling onto the roof and then falling off the edge of the roof to the ground, where they both lie unconscious. When Michael wakes up, he finds out he had been in a coma for just over a month. He then learns that David is still alive. He fled the scene before the police arrived. The end scene shows David, who has again changed his name to Chris Ames. He is working at a hardware store when he meets a woman  who was shopping with her two sons.'] ["Helen Connelly is a woman whose nephew Michael died fifteen years earlier. She is separated from her husband, Doremus. She is close to Michael's brother, Craig. When mysterious happenings began taking place and she begins receiving phone calls from the supposedly dead Michael, Helen begins to wonder if Michael is really dead or if she is losing touch with reality."] ['Clay Bidwell is a young man in a small town who witnesses his friend, Earl, kill himself because of the ongoing affair that Clay was having with the man\'s wife, Amanda. Feeling guilty, Clay now resists the widow when she presses him to continue with their affair as if nothing has happened. Clay\'s problems worsen when he inadvertently befriends a serial killer named Lester Long, who murders the nagging widow in an attempt to "help" his "fishing buddy". Clay is horrified, but does not go to the police for fear of his role in his friend\'s suicide coming to light. But that doesn\'t matter for the police, as well as for savvy female FBI agent Dale Shelby and her partner Reynard, who see Clay as their prime suspect. Yet Clay doesn\'t tell them of his "friend," who has confessed his crimes to him.'] ['Thomas "Babe" Levy  is a history Ph.D. candidate and avid runner researching the same field as his father, who committed suicide after being investigated during the Joseph McCarthy era. Babe\'s brother, Henry , known as "Doc", poses as an oil company executive but is actually a government agent working for a secret agency headed by Peter Janeway . When the brother of a Nazi war criminal is killed in a traffic accident, Doc suspects that the criminal, Dr. Christian Szell , will come to New York to retrieve a valuable diamond collection. Doc comes to New York under the guise of a visit to Babe. Meanwhile, Babe and his new girlfriend, Elsa Opel , who claims to be from Switzerland, are mugged by two men dressed in suits. When Doc takes Babe and Elsa to lunch, he tricks Elsa into revealing that she has been lying to Babe about her background. Though Doc suspects she may be connected to Szell, he tells Babe that she is seeking an American husband so that she can become a U.S. citizen. After Szell arrives in America, Doc confronts him stating he is not welcome in the country. Szell accepts the pronouncement, but then stabs Doc with a blade concealed in his sleeve. Doc makes it back to Babe\'s apartment and dies. The police interrogate Babe until government agents led by Janeway arrive. Janeway asks Babe what Doc told him before he died, and tells Babe that his brother was a U.S. government agent. Babe insists that his brother did not tell him anything, but Janeway is convinced Doc would not have struggled all the way to Babe\'s apartment without giving him vital information. Babe is later abducted from his apartment by the two men who mugged him in the park, and he is tortured by Szell. During his torture, Babe is repeatedly asked "Is it safe?" but continues to deny any knowledge. Babe is then rescued by Janeway, who explains that Szell is in America to sell off a large cache of diamonds which he had taken from Jews killed at Auschwitz. Janeway presses Babe about Doc\'s dying words, but Babe still insists he knows nothing. Frustrated, Janeway reveals himself as a double agent and returns Babe to Szell. Still unable to extract anything from Babe, Szell drills into one of his healthy teeth. Babe eventually escapes, aided by his skills as a marathon runner. Babe phones Elsa, who agrees to meet him with a car. Arriving at a country home, Babe guesses that Elsa has set him up, forcing her to confess that the home was owned by Szell\'s deceased brother. Janeway and Szell\'s men arrive, but Babe takes Elsa hostage. Janeway kills Szell\'s men and offers to let Babe kill Szell in revenge for Doc\'s death if Janeway can have the diamonds. Babe agrees, but as he leaves, Janeway tries to shoot Babe, but kills Elsa instead. Babe then shoots Janeway. Attempting to determine the value of his diamonds, Szell visits an appraiser in the Diamond District in midtown Manhattan. A shop assistant who is a Holocaust survivor believes he recognizes Szell as a war criminal. After Szell hurriedly leaves the shop, an elderly Jewish woman also recognizes him. Trying to cross the street to get closer to Szell, the woman is hit by a taxi, causing a crowd to assemble to aid her. Amidst the confusion, the shop assistant appears again, directly confronting Szell, who slits the man\'s throat. Szell retrieves his diamonds but, as he attempts to leave, Babe forces him at gunpoint into Central Park. Babe tells Szell he can keep as many diamonds as he can swallow. Szell initially refuses, and Babe begins throwing the diamonds into the water. Szell relents and swallows one diamond, but then refuses to cooperate further. Babe throws the rest of the diamonds down the steps towards the water; Szell dives for them, but stumbles, and falls on his own knife blade. Babe heads out into Central Park, stopping to throw his gun into the reservoir.'] ['The film tells the tale of a man called George Taylor , who returns home to the US from fighting in World War II. He is suffering from amnesia, and tries to track down his old identity, following a trail left behind by the mysterious Mr Larry Cravat. He ends up stumbling into a murder mystery involving Nazi loot. The complicated storyline is typical of film noir.'] ["Jodi Lyn O'Keefe reprises Rose McGowan's role in the original film. O'Keefe stars as Debbie Strand, who escapes from the mental institution she was sent off to in the first installment of the series. After the young co-ed dies in an unexpected accident, Debbie steals both the girl's identity and her car, and heads off to the college her victim was supposed to attend. There, Debbie quickly develops a psychotic crush on her dashing writing professor, Dr. Sam Decker, killing anyone she perceives as a threat to their relationship. However, Debbie's scheme starts to fall apart when her roommate begins unraveling Debbie's lies and discovers the truth about her past. Knowing that she is in danger of being exposed, Debbie makes plans to get rid of her roommate and her friends by any means necessary."] ["The behavior of Mark Lamphere, an architect, turns strange shortly after his honeymoon with bride Celia, who begins finding out that Mark has many secrets. It turns out he was married before, his wife died suspiciously and they have a son. He also has a fiercely loyal secretary, Miss Robey, whose face is disfigured. Mark appears to be somewhat delusional and could be intending to murder Celia inside a room he keeps locked. The disturbed Miss Robey ends up setting fire to the house, whereupon Mark redeems himself by saving Celia's life."] [' In the 1960s,<ref namehttp://suckerpunchmovie.warnerbros.com/sp_production-notes.pdf|titleWarner Brothers}} a 20-year-old woman nicknamed "Babydoll"  is institutionalized by her widowed stepfather  at the Lennox House for the Mentally Insane after she is blamed for the death of her younger sister. The stepfather bribes Blue Jones , one of the asylum\'s orderlies, into forging the signature of the asylum\'s psychiatrist, Dr. Vera Gorski , to have Babydoll lobotomized so she cannot inform the authorities of the true circumstances leading to her sister\'s death. During her admission to the institution, Babydoll takes note of four items that she would need to attempt an escape. During her time in the asylum, Babydoll retreats into a fantasy world in which she is newly arrived in a brothel owned by Blue, whom she envisions as a mobster. She befriends four other dancers&nbsp;&ndash; Amber , Blondie , Rocket , and Rocket\'s sister, Sweet Pea . Dr. Gorski is envisioned as the girls\' dance instructor. Blue informs Babydoll that her virginity will be sold to a client known as "The High Roller" . The "High Roller" is actually the doctor scheduled to perform the lobotomy. Gorski encourages Babydoll to perform an erotic dance, during which Babydoll further fantasizes she is in feudal Japan, meeting the Wise Man . After she expresses her desire to "escape", the Wise Man presents Babydoll with weapons and tells her that she would need to collect five items: a map, fire, a knife, a key, and a fifth, unrevealed item that would require "a deep sacrifice". She then fights three samurai giants. As her fantasy ends, she finds herself back in the brothel, her dance impressing Blue and other onlookers. Babydoll convinces her friends to prepare an escape. She plans to use her dances as a distraction while the other girls obtain the necessary tools. During her dances, she imagines adventures that mirror the escape efforts. These adventures include infiltrating a bunker protected by steampunk World War I German soldiers to gain a map ; storming an Orc-infested castle to cut two fire-producing crystals from the throat of a baby dragon ; and boarding a train and combating mechanized guards to disarm a bomb . During the last fantasy, Rocket sacrifices herself to save Sweet Pea and is killed when the bomb detonates, which is paralleled by the cook fatally stabbing Rocket while she\'s trying to protect her sister. Blue overhears Blondie relaying Babydoll\'s plan to Madam Gorski. He has Sweet Pea locked in a utility closet and confronts the other girls backstage. He shoots Amber and Blondie and attempts to rape Babydoll, but she stabs him with the kitchen knife and steals his master key. Babydoll frees Sweet Pea and the two start a fire so the institution\'s doors unlock. They escape into the courtyard, where they find a throng of men. Babydoll deduces that the fifth item needed for the escape is in fact herself. Despite Sweet Pea\'s protest, she insists on sacrificing herself by distracting the visitors, thus allowing her friend to slip away. Back in the asylum, the surgeon has just performed Babydoll\'s lobotomy. The surgeon is confused by Babydoll\'s expression and asks Dr. Gorski why she authorized the procedure. Gorski realizes that Blue has forged her signature and summons the police, who apprehend Blue as he attempts to sexually assault a lobotomized Babydoll. While being led away, Blue shouts that it is the stepfather that wanted it done. It is revealed that the events in Babydoll\'s dream parallel events in the hospital. At a bus station, Sweet Pea is stopped by police as she tries to get on a bus to Fort Wayne, but she is rescued by the bus driver , who misleads the police and allows her to board the bus. During the end credits, Dr. Gorski and Blue perform "Love is the Drug" in a musical/fantasy sequence that includes all five female leads.'] ['Sam Bell is nearing the end of a three-year work contract at Lunar Industries\' largely automated "Sarang" lunar base, where he is the sole resident. Sam oversees automated harvesters and launches canisters bound for Earth containing the helium-3 they extract. Chronic communication problems limit him to occasional recorded messages with his wife Tess, who was pregnant with their daughter Eve when he left. His only companion is an artificial intelligence assistant named GERTY, who assists with the base\'s automation. Two weeks before he is to return to Earth, Sam suffers from hallucinations of a teenage girl. One such hallucination distracts him while he is out recovering a helium-3 canister from a harvester, causing him to crash his rover into the harvester. Rapidly losing air, Sam dons his helmet in time, but still loses consciousness from his injuries. Sam awakes in the base infirmary, but with no memory of the accident. He overhears GERTY receiving instructions from Lunar Industries not to let him outside the base and to wait for the arrival of rescue team "Eliza". He manufactures a fake problem with the base to force GERTY to let him outside. Inside the crashed rover he finds another, unconscious Sam Bell. After bringing this Sam back to the base and tending to his injuries, the two Sams start to wonder if one is a clone of the other. They get into a heated argument and physical altercation, but soon work together to coerce GERTY into revealing that in fact they are both clones of the real Sam Bell, who is on Earth. GERTY had awakened a new clone after the rover crash and implanted the memories of the real Sam Bell, believing that the original clone could not be recovered. The two clones start exploring the base. They find out that communications are being jammed by antennae at the far edges of the base, and that previous clones have all started to deteriorate and become very ill after about three years of being revived -- upon which, believing they were being put into hibernation for the journey home, were simply incinerated. They also discover an enormous vault containing hundreds more clones below the base. The older Sam drives past the interference range in another rover and calls Tess on Earth, only to get Eve, now 15 years old, who informs him that Tess had died years before. He hangs up before the real Sam can answer. The Sams realise that the incoming rescue team will kill them both if they are found together. The newer Sam suggests sending the other to Earth in one of the helium-3 canisters, but the older Sam, already in an advanced state of deterioration, knows he will not live much longer and instead suggests the newer Sam go and alert the public to what Lunar Industries is doing. The older Sam plans to return to the crashed rover and die there, so Lunar Industries will not suspect anything. They work with GERTY to erase all records of the second clone, and then revive a third clone to await the Eliza rescue team. They also program one of the harvesters to crash into a jamming antenna to enable communication with Earth. The older Sam, back in the rover, watches as the canister taking the other Sam is launched to Earth, before blacking out. As the credits roll, news broadcasts report that the clone\'s testimony about Lunar Industries\' illegal activities stirred considerable controversy on Earth, causing the company\'s stock to crash.'] ['{{Plot}} In the opening scene, Angélique  purchases a single pink rose at a flower shop to be delivered to her lover, Dr. Loïc Le Garrec . Angélique is a successful art student who has won a scholarship. In between creating her art projects, she has a part-time job at a cafe and house sits for a wealthy vacationing family. Angélique\'s friend David  disapproves of Angélique\'s affair with Loïc, who is married, but Angélique insists that Loïc will leave his wife for her. When Loïc\'s wife, Rachel , has a miscarriage, the pair separate and Angélique prepares to leave with Loïc on a romantic getaway to Florence, Italy. However, Loïc doesn\'t meet Angélique at the airport, having chosen to mend things with his wife. This is the last straw for Angélique, who is thrown into a self-destructive cycle of clinical depression, ultimately losing her job and scholarship. While watching the news one night, she learns that Loïc has been arrested for assaulting one of his patients, Sonia Jasmin . She goes to Sonia\'s house to convince her to drop the charges. The conversation turns into a scuffle and Sonia, who has a heart condition, has a heart attack and dies. Angélique steals from the house to make it look like a robbery. Thinking that this will win him back, Angélique goes to see Loïc at his office, arriving just in time to see him being arrested for Sonia Jasmin\'s murder, and embracing his wife as he is dragged away. Angélique returns home, turns on the gas and lies down on the floor. At this point the film rewinds to the opening scene when Angélique bought the pink rose. This time the film follows the delivery boy and the subsequent events play out from the viewpoint of Loïc. Loïc receives the pink rose and assumes that his wife sent it to him. It is revealed that Loïc barely knows Angélique, and they cross paths only incidentally due to the fact that Angélique is house sitting the home that belongs to Loïc and Rachel\'s neighbor. However, Loïc receives Angélique\'s gifts and messages, not knowing who sent them. It is revealed that Rachel\'s miscarriage was caused by "someone" running her down with a moped; earlier in the film, Angélique is shown after an "accident" which ruined her friend\'s moped and injured her arm. Loïc comes to believe that his stalker is Sonia Jasmin, one of his patients. He physically attacks Sonia, demanding she reveal that she is his stalker. Sonia presses charges for assault, then dies of a heart attack. Loïc is arrested as the prime suspect for her "murder". At his arrest, Rachel tells the police that he was with her on the night of the death, which clears him of all charges. That night, Loïc hears police sirens and sees an ambulance pull up to his neighbor\'s house where Angélique has just tried to commit suicide. As a doctor, Loïc performs mouth to mouth resuscitation which causes Angélique to regain consciousness. Now aware of Angélique, he considers the possibility that she is his stalker. Loïc explores the house that Angélique was house-sitting, and there he finds a life-sized garbage mosaic of himself. After being released from the hospital, Angélique visits Loïc at his clinic. Loïc tells her that they never had nor will ever have a relationship. As he turns his back on her, Angélique strikes him over the head with a brass figurine. She is then arrested, diagnosed with erotomania and remanded to a mental institution. Rachel stands by her husband as he recovers from his injuries, with a scene showing the couple in a house filled with their children as Loïc hobbles around on a cane. The epilogue of the film is set five years later, when Angélique is released from the mental institution. Her therapist praises her progress and tells her, "If you keep taking your medication, you will be fine." However, when the cleaning man is clearing Angélique\'s room, he discovers her pills have been glued to the wall behind the wardrobe in a mosaic of Loïc.'] ["The Englishwoman Sasha lives on Île d’Yeu near France with her ten-month-old daughter and her husband, who is often away for business. One day, when Sasha is home alone, the drifter Tatiana appears at Sasha's door and asks her for permission to erect her tent in the garden. At first reserved and reluctant, Sasha eventually allows her this and both women begin to develop a relationship with each other. Sasha decides to go shopping and leaves Sioffra in Tatiana's care. When, upon her return, she finds everything in order, she finally invites Tatiana inside her house, even though she is irritated by Tatiana's unusual behavior. When Sasha's husband comes home on the following day, he finds an empty house. In the tent behind the house lies Sasha bound and dead. Tatiana holds the crying Sioffra on a ferry, which is leaving the island."] ['The ordinary life of surgeon Bruno Hamel  is destroyed when his daughter Jasmine  is raped and murdered in a park. Upon learning that the police apprehended the prime suspect, laborer Anthony Lemaire , Hamel plans to take revenge. He abducts Lemaire while he is being brought to his trial by drugging the officer driving the transport vehicle and brings him to secluded cabin. Using a remote-controlled computer to conceal his location, Hamel calls the police to inform them that he plans to murder Lemaire in seven days, the seventh day being Jasmine\'s birthday. After killing him, Hamel will give himself up to the police. Police detective Mercure  leads the investigation to discover Hamel\'s whereabouts. Mercure himself suffered a personal tragedy when his wife was killed during a grocery store robbery. Though Mercure acknowledges that the imprisonment of his wife\'s killer hasn\'t made his life more bearable, he becomes determined to stop Hamel before he commits murder. Over the course of the seven days, Hamel brutally tortures Lemaire. Initially frightened and in incredible pain, Lemaire starts to accept his fate and mocks Hamel for not enjoying himself as he inflicts painful injuries on him. Lemaire eventually admits to raping and murdering Jasmine, along with three other girls. Hamel contacts a news station to have the families of Lemaire\'s victims informed about his captive\'s confession. When the mother of one of Lemaire\'s victims disapproves of his actions, Hamel kidnaps her and forces her to see Lemaire. By the seventh day, the police locate Hamel\'s cabin. Hamel gives himself up and lets Lemaire live. As the police lead him away, a reporter asks him if he still believes vengeance is right. Hamel responds with a "No." However, when asked if he regrets what he\'s done, he gives the same answer.'] ['When Josh Ockmann  enters a dark university library intending to meet his friend Douglas Zeigler , he is attacked by a humanoid spirit that sucks the life force out of him. Some days later, Josh\'s girlfriend, Mattie Webber , visits his apartment, seeing evidence that it has not been well kept. Josh tells Mattie to wait in the kitchen while he walks off. While waiting she finds Josh\'s pet cat, locked in a closet dying from severe malnutrition. But when she rushes to tell him, she finds he has committed suicide by hanging himself with an Ethernet cable. Mattie and her friends begin to receive online messages from Josh asking for help but assume that Josh\'s computer is still on and that a virus is creating the messages. Mattie learns that Josh\'s computer has been sold to Dexter "Dex" McCarthy , who finds a number of strange videos on the computer. Mattie receives a package that Josh mailed two days prior to his death. Inside are rolls of red tape and a message telling her that the tape keeps "them" out, although he does not know why. Later, Dex visits Mattie and shows her video messages Josh was sending to Ziegler. Josh had hacked Ziegler\'s computer system and then distributed a virus. This virus had unlocked a portal that connected the realm of the living to the realm of the dead. Josh believed he had coded a counter to the virus and wanted to meet Ziegler at the library. Josh\'s counter-program is found on a memory stick taped inside the PC case with red tape. Dex and Mattie visit Zeigler and find his room entirely plastered in red tape. They believe the red tape keeps the spirits out. Zeigler tells them of a project he worked on where he found "frequencies no one knew existed." Opening these frequencies somehow allowed the spirits to travel to the world of the living. Zeigler also tells them that these spirits "take away your will to live" and where to find the main server infected with the virus. Dex and Mattie find the server and upload Josh\'s fix, causing the system to crash and the spirits to vanish. Moments later, however, the system reboots and the spirits return leaving Mattie and Dex with no option but to flee the city by car. Over the car radio, Mattie and Dex hear a radio report from the Army announcing the location of several "safe zones" where there are no Internet connections, cell phones, or televisions. As Dex and Mattie drive to a safe zone, the film concludes with a voice-over from Mattie saying "We can never go back. The cities are theirs. Our lives are different now. What was meant to connect us to one another instead connected us to forces that we could have never imagined. The world we knew is gone, but the will to live never dies. Not for us, and not for them," and clips of abandoned cities, including a window of an apartment with Josh looking through it.'] ["Widowed David  and his daughter Emily , with whom he shares a troubled relationship, move after Emily's mother, Allison , commits suicide. David meets local woman Elizabeth  and her niece, Amy, who is roughly the same age as Emily. Hoping to cultivate a new friendship for Emily, David sets up a play-date for her. The play-date is spoiled however when Emily cuts up the face of Amy's doll. Despite the unsuccessful play-date, David and Elizabeth hit it off, though Emily acts hostile towards her as well. When a family friend, Katherine , comes to visit David and Emily, Emily reveals Charlie, her imaginary friend. Elizabeth later visits, hoping to make peace with Emily. When Emily tells her that she is playing hide-and-seek with Charlie, Elizabeth indulges her by pretending to look for him. However, someone pushes Elizabeth out the window to her death. When David asks Emily who did it, she replies that Charlie did. David, armed with a knife, goes outside, where he meets his neighbor. He assumes his neighbor is Charlie and cuts him with the knife, after which the suspicious neighbor calls the police. Back in the house, David finds that, although he had seemingly been in his study many times, the boxes were actually never unpacked. David realizes that he has split personality and that Charlie is not imaginary at all: Charlie is David himself. Whenever it appeared David was in his study, Charlie was actually in control. David also realizes that under his Charlie personality, he killed his wife and made it appear to be a suicide. He also fully recalls the events of the party the night before his wife's death, where he had caught his wife cheating on him, which triggered David's personality disorder. David realizes that he is helpless and lets Charlie take over his body. As Charlie, he murders the local sheriff, and Emily calls Katherine for help. Katherine arrives and is attacked by Charlie. Emily manages to escape the house and run into the cave where she originally met Charlie. Katherine takes the gun from the dead sheriff and follows Charlie to the cave. Charlie pretends to be David and attacks Katherine. As he threatens Emily, Katherine shoots him just in time, finally killing him. Sometime later, Emily is preparing for school in her new life with Katherine. However, Emily's drawing of herself with Katherine has two heads, suggesting that she now also suffers from split personality."] ['It is a movie about relationships between two distinct and very different couples. Colin  and Mary  are a British couple vacationing in Venice for the second time. They are not married, but Mary has two children, who have been left at home with her mother. We are shown glimpses of a tall man dressed in white, who seems to be observing them from afar. Late one night, they become lost as they search for a restaurant. As they wander around, they meet Robert , the British-Italian owner of a local bar. He is the very elegant-looking man in all white. Over several bottles of wine, he tells them stories about his sadistic father who was an Italian diplomat. Robert also talks of the cruel tricks his younger sisters played upon him. After this late evening, Colin and Mary try to walk back to their hotel through the labyrinthine streets of Venice. However, they lose their way and are forced to sleep in the streets. In the morning, hung-over and hungry, they make their way to an outdoor restaurant in the square at St. Mark’s. There they see Robert, and after realizing his thoughtlessness at not guiding them back to where they stay, he insists they come back to his home and dine there. They discover he and his wife Caroline  live in a spacious Moorish-styled apartment which is like a museum. The purpose of Colin’s and Mary’s trip is also to revitalize their relationship, and they decide to marry upon their return to England. However, Robert and Caroline are a very mysterious couple who attract and repulse the other pair. Robert is clearly obsessed with his past. He also seems suspect of women’s power over men. Gradually, he draws them further into his influence much as a spider entraps his prey.'] ['A rape victim, comic book artist Lisa Roberts is given the runaround by the New York police. Tired with city life, she heads for the wide open spaces of Arizona. Not long afterward, she is propositioned by lowlife Randall Atkins. She reports this to sympathetic local policeman Steve Smith, who replies matter-of-factly that this is not the first time that Atkins has been accused of a sexual offense. To her amazement, Roberts is later visited by Atkins, who agitatedly warns her not to trust the sweet-natured policeman. Someone is lying about something, and Roberts plainly does not know what to believe. When she finds out, it is nearly too late.'] ['Detective Superintendent  Pierre Niemans , an investigator well known in Paris, is sent to the small rural university town of Guernon in the French Alps to investigate a brutal murder. The victim\'s body is found bound in the fetal position and suspended high on a cliff face, his eyes removed and his hands cut off. Niemans learns that the victim was a professor and the University\'s librarian, Remy Callois, and he seeks out a local ophthalmologist for an explanation to the removal of the eyes. Dr. Cherneze, once on the University staff, explains that the school\'s isolation led to in-breeding amongst the professors, with increasingly serious genetic disorders. Recently the trend has reversed, with the local village children becoming ill and the college babies remaining healthy. Cherneze hints that the killer is leaving Niemans clues to their motive by removing the body parts that are unique to each individual - the eyes and hands. Niemans questions the Dean and examines the librarian\'s apartment, where he finds images of athletic "supermen" juxtaposed with texts on genetic deformities. The Dean\'s assistant  Hubert translates the title of Callois\' Ph.D. thesis as, "We are the masters. We are the slaves. We are everywhere. We are nowhere. We control the crimson rivers." Coincidentally Detective Inspector  {{cite web}} Max Kerkerian  is in the nearby town of Sarzac investigating the desecration of the grave of Judith Herault, a girl who died in 1982, and the theft of her photos from the local primary school. The girl was killed in a horrific highway accident, witnessed by her mother, who was so traumatized she took a vow of darkness in a nunnery. The mother tells Kerkerian that when Judith was ten she fell ill, and they went to get help in Guernon where she was born; she claims they were then attacked by "demons" and, when they fled, her daughter was killed in the road accident. She says the pictures were stolen to erase her daughter from history, and that her face is a threat to the demons who have returned to complete their mission. She tells him it all began in Guernon. Niemans questions Fanny Ferreira , a glaciologist and student, who is immediately suspect because of her climbing ability. Despite her contempt for the school and its arrogant professors, she works for the university to steer away frequent avalanches, and is incensed when Niemans implies she might withhold evidence to protect the school. She tells him that anyone with good equipment could\'ve hoisted the body up the cliff, and brushes off his obvious attraction. Soon after, the pathologist reports that it was acid rain in Callois\' eye sockets, which has not fallen in the area since the seventies. Niemans enlists Fanny to take him up the glacier to get ice samples to compare with the acid rain in Callois\' eyes. On a hunch, Niemans follows a glacial melt tunnel to a cave that contains a second body, frozen into the ice. Kerkerian traces a car from the accident to Phillip Sertys in Guernon and meets Niemans while attempting to break into Sertys\' apartment. Sertys is the body in the ice, a doctor that worked in the maternity ward at the University hospital. They find Judith\'s stolen photograph as well as evidence that Sertys was breeding and training fighting dogs - and then they find the dogs, and Niemans the "supercop" is momentarily paralyzed by fear, until Kerkerian coaxes him through. Sertys was also mutilated, and his eyes replaced with glass prosthetics, "Like you would find at an eye doctor\'s" remarks the pathologist, leading Niemans to race back to Cherneze\'s practice. The doctor is already dead, and they almost catch the killer, who fights off Niemans and races away after deliberately emptying Niemans\' gun into the wall but not hitting him. Kerkerian gives chase but the killer escapes. Returning to the scene, where the killer has written "I will trace the source of the crimson rivers" in Cherneze\'s own blood above his body, they learn the prints on Niemans\' gun belong to Judith Herault. Kerkerian goes back to search the grave in Sarzac, which is empty except for a picture, while Niemans goes to Fanny\'s home. Niemans tells her that although he sees her as physically capable of committing the crimes he doesn\'t believe her to be guilty. When he returns to the university, the local police captain tells him that Callois\' thesis is full of Nazi-style eugenics, suggesting perfection can be achieved by breeding athletically gifted and intellectually gifted children together. Kerkerian returns with the photo which Niemans recognizes as Fanny and, on the way to her house, they narrowly avoid being run off the road by the Dean\'s son as they piece together the story. Due to the poor bloodlines and genetic mutations in the faculty\'s inbred offspring, the doctors at the hospital had been swapping healthy village children with the university children. Sertys, they deduce, must have swapped Fanny for Judith, and Callois arranged the matches in the college\'s breeding program. Once at Fanny\'s house they find the missing hands and eyes of the victims in her basement, but Fanny is now gone and so are her grenades. Niemans gives the order to evacuate the university while he and Kerkerian travel up the mountain to find Fanny. The duo confront Fanny only to be set upon by Judith, who is her identical twin. Judith tells Fanny to kill Niemans she refuses, and instead turns the gun on her sister. At the same time Kerkerian fires at Judith but hits Fanny in the shoulder and the gunshots trigger an avalanche. Judith is swept away and the rest are buried in the snow until a rescue team arrives with search dogs. Fanny is airlifted to hospital while Kerkerian asks Niemans to explain his fear of dogs.'] ["Bill Pullman plays a top neurosurgeon, Dr. Rex Martin, who is active in studying brain malfunctions that cause mental illnesses. High school friend Jim Reston, a successful businessman at Eunice, requires Martin's aid in reaching the mind of John Halsey, a former genius mathematician who once worked for the company and is now a paranoid psychotic at a nearby asylum. Dr. Martin's surgery is intended to successfully alter the patient's mental attitude, either unlocking the corporate secrets within Halsey's brain or else leaving Halsey unable to accidentally share them with anyone else. As Martin begins the surgical procedure, he starts to experience the same paranoid dreams as Halsey. The episodes grow in intensity until it becomes unclear whether Martin is a doctor imagining he's the patient, or a mental patient who succumbed to the delusion that he was a brain surgeon. Martin floats farther and farther from reality, caught between his loyalty to his business colleagues and his own humanity."] ["Denis Hopkins  seems to have the perfect life, a job as a pilot, a beautiful home and wife Valerie  who is expecting their first child. One night, Denis and Valerie's home is broken into by a borderline psychotic thief Ricky Barnes  who shoots and kills Valerie, coldly saying to Denis: 'I'm going to let you live'. Valerie dies while being transported to the hospital, and the baby narrowly survives childbirth, leaving Denis devastated. Barnes is sentenced to twenty years in Sullom Voe Prison, which is on a remote island off the Isle of White. Denis is not satisfied with the sentence, considering Barnes shows no remorse and openly mocks Denis in court. Three months later, Denis has fallen into a pit of depression, refusing to be a father to his daughter Amy, who is being raised by his brother and sister-in-law, one day he is out flying his plane, and switches off his engines letting it glide through the air, seemingly committing suicide, leaving his home and his daughter to his brother and sister-in-law. Some time later Denis, alive and well having faked his death, demolishes a police car with a sledgehammer. He is remanded for seven days  and is instructed by his appointed solicitor not to cause trouble, to avoid going aboard 'The Magic Roundabout'; in which if he continues to cause trouble he will be sent to a higher security prison, Denis intends to cause trouble, hoping it will send him to Sullom Voe. As the months progress Denis, now under the pseudonym John Watt, has been sentenced to two years in a category B prison for many attempted escapes, and is planning another escape, despite his cellmate Ron  advising against it. One night at Christmas, Denis has an emotional conversation with Mick, a guard and friend of Ron's, in which he finally gives into feeling the loss of his family. One day another inmate and friend of Denis, Vin  irritates an inmate known as Spaz, who was an accomplice of Barnes in the robbery of Denis's home. Denis, driven by revenge, attempts to kill Spaz, but is stabbed in the stomach, Denis makes his way back to his cell leaving Vin to attack Spaz. Denis returns to fight Spaz, only to find Vin has been murdered, and Spaz warns Denis and Ron that they are next. Ron blackmails Mick, who has smuggled stuff in and out of the prison for him over the years, for the keys to the gates of the prison to assist them in their escape. The guard begrudgingly cooperates, not without mockingly revealing the reason Vin was in prison with him . Denis and Ron escape and head for the country, taking shelter in a caravan belonging to a friend of Ron's. Denis returns to his home to confront his sister-in-law Christine  is now living in his home raising his daughter on her own, Ron seeing this  asks for answers. Denis reveals his intentions of killing Ricky Barnes to Ron, who tries to convince Denis to stay away, and turns himself in. He is sent to Sullom Voe, where he finds Barnes and threatens him. One day, Ricky starts a riot and threatens Denis to help him escape, blackmailing him with the lives of his daughter and Christine who are being held at gunpoint by Barnes's son Joey . Barnes, remembering Denis told him he was a pilot, forces him to fly a Medical plane off the island. Back at Denis's home, Ron attempts to speak to Christine but finds Joey holding them hostage. He forces his way into the house, but is killed after a tussle with Joey, allowing Christine a chance to escape with the baby. Barnes, who was on the phone with Joey the whole time on the plane, believes he doesn't need Denis anymore and attempts to shoot him, but Denis disarms him. Denis then turns off the engines  and attempts to parachute leaving Ricky to die in a crash, despite Ricky's plea's to let him live and attempting to bribe him with whatever he wants, even admitting that Denis has got him scared, but Denis, who says that Denis died along with his wife that night, leaves with his final words to him being; 'you can't give me what I want'. Ricky desperately tries to start the plane up again, but his efforts are futile and he crashes shortly after Denis parachutes into the ocean. After Denis lands in the ocean, he contemplates what to do next, admitting he had know idea what to expect, or what to do after Killing Ricky Barnes. In the Final line of the film, Denis quotes the saying: 'An eye for an eye, leaves everyone blind'. The film ends with Denis sitting outside his home looking over the newspaper clipping of Barnes's incarceration."] ['Homicide inspector Lindsay Boxer , teams up with three other professional women, to investigate a serial killer who target newlyweds on their wedding night. While trying to solve the biggest case of her career, she finds herself falling for her partner  and battling a life-threatening illness.'] ['A woman has a brief affair with the contractor who is renovating her apartment and he refuses to accept the end of the relationship.'] ['{{plot}} A man  enters the Dallas, Texas FBI office one rainy night, and introduces himself as Fenton Meiks. He wants to speak to Agent Wesley Doyle  about his belief that his brother Adam  is the notorious "God\'s Hand" serial killer. Fenton explains that he is only coming forward at this time because earlier that day, Adam had called him to say that he cannot stop the "demons" because there are too many of them. Fenton claims to have stolen and buried Adam\'s body at the Thurman Rose Garden. Doyle is skeptical, and Fenton unfolds through flashback the story of their childhood with their widower father . One night many years ago, their father tells them that they have been tasked by God to root out and destroy demons whose names were to be provided for him by an angel. To assist him in his "crusade", he has been provided with special tools: gloves to protect his hands from "revealing" the supposed demons\' crimes until "justice" was to be administered, a lead pipe to knock the "demons" unconscious and an axe named \'Otis\' to "destroy" them. Fenton goes into denial, refusing to believe their father would actually murder people, but Adam quickly believes their father to be doing God\'s work. Their father also tells them that God will protect them from being caught by the authorities. Their father captures his first victim, a woman named Cynthia Harbridge . When he touches her, he claims to "see" the sins she has committed, and feels no guilt when he uses Otis to "destroy" her. Both Fenton and Adam are forced to witness this act; Fenton is horrified, but Adam claims he can "see" the woman\'s sins as well. They bury her outdoors in the Thurman Rose Garden, which is adjacent to the Meiks house. Fenton tries to explain to Adam that their father has gone insane, but Adam genuinely believes that they are on a righteous crusade, leading Fenton to conclude that his brother has been brainwashed. Their father soon kidnaps a second victim, a man he claims to be a child murderer, and enlists Fenton\'s help in the kidnapping. After their father kidnaps a third victim and orders Fenton to "destroy" the man, Fenton flees in horror and informs the town sheriff  of the crime, but after he brings Fenton back to the Meiks home, Fenton\'s father kills the sheriff with the axe. Fenton\'s father is aghast, believing the act to be "murder" unlike the first two killings, and blames Fenton for forcing him to commit the crime. The father confesses that the angel told him that Fenton is also a demon who must be slain, which his father refuses to believe. Fenton begs for mercy, and his father locks him in the cellar. Fenton is confined to the cellar for over a week, nearly starving to death, until he has a "vision of God" and says he understands what he must do. Overjoyed, his father releases him from the makeshift prison. Fenton, Adam and their father track down and capture another supposed demon. This time, Fenton is given Otis to decapitate the man, but he instead kills his own father by driving the axe into his heart. As Fenton moves to release the captured man, Adam grabs the axe and slays the "demon", as Adam apparently wants to continue the "crusade". Agent Doyle is convinced that Fenton\'s story has weight, and drives him to the Thurman Rose Garden, where Adam would surely have buried his victims. Once they arrive, it is revealed that the man who has been calling himself "Fenton" is actually Adam. However, the "God\'s Hand" killer is the real Fenton, who kept the bodies of his victims as trophies in his basement. Fenton used the "God\'s Hand" nickname to lure Adam out of the shadows, knowing that his brother would have to kill him one day in order to fulfill the task their father could not complete. Fenton has been buried in the Rose Garden, along with the several "demons" Adam "destroyed" over the years. It is also revealed that all of the "demons" killed by their father were in fact murderers, and when their father touched them, he actually had visions of their crimes. Adam also explains that he lured Doyle to the Rose Garden because Doyle was on "God\'s list". When Adam touches Doyle\'s hand, he has a vision of Doyle killing his own mother in cold blood. Adam picks up Otis from the undergrowth and kills Doyle before burying him in the Rose Garden. A day after Doyle\'s disappearance, agents at the bureau frantically try to find the "Fenton Meiks", the man with whom Doyle was last seen leaving the building. Agent Hull , who met "Fenton"  the previous night, cannot remember the man\'s face, and all security footage showing Adam\'s face has been distorted. Eventually the FBI storm the real Fenton Meiks\' house, only to find evidence of his murders, along with Doyle\'s FBI badge. Hull visits the office of the local sheriff, who is revealed to be Adam Meiks. Hull does not recognize him, and explains that his visit is to inform him about his brother\'s killing spree and disappearance and asks that, if he thinks of anything to contact him. They shake hands, during which Adam holds a moment too long only to tell the agent, "You\'re a good man, Agent Hull. "'] ["Charles Schine , is a Chicago advertising executive, whose tale is being written down by an unidentified man in a prison cell. A flashback of several months shows Charles with his wife and teenage daughter. Charles's marriage is deteriorating, and his daughter suffers from diabetes, requiring expensive medication. On a commuter train, Charles encounters an alluring woman named Lucinda Harris . She is a married financial adviser. A mutual attraction develops, and the two begin meeting frequently. Ultimately, they decide to consummate their affair and wind up in a seedy hotel. An armed man&mdash; later identified as Philippe LaRoche &mdash; bursts into the hotel room, beats Charles, and brutally rapes Lucinda. Charles and Lucinda agree not to report the crime, as they do not want their spouses to learn of the affair. Shortly after, Charles is blackmailed by LaRoche, who threatens to kill his family if he doesn't pay $20,000, which Charles promptly pays. A month later, the attacker calls again, this time demanding $100,000. Charles tells Winston Boyko , an ex-con, about LaRoche and asks for advice. Winston offers to scare LaRoche away in return for 10%  of LaRoche's demand. Charles embezzles the $10,000 from his employer. However, LaRoche shoots Winston dead. Charles is questioned by detective Franklin Church  about Winston's murder. Later, he receives a call from LaRoche: He has Lucinda at gunpoint, and will kill her if Charles doesn't bring the $100,000 immediately. Charles takes the money from an account meant specifically for his daughter's medical treatment; the payoff complete, he and Lucinda say a tortured goodbye. When he stops by Lucinda's office and asks for her, he is shown a woman who is the actual Lucinda Harris. The woman he met on the train is really Jane, a temporary employee, who was impersonating Lucinda. Charles realizes Jane was in on the scam. He tracks her down and sees her kissing LaRoche. Determined to retrieve his stolen $100,000, he follows Jane's moves and sees that she has suckered another unsuspecting businessman. He returns to the hotel where Jane, LaRoche, and their partner Dexter  are setting up their new mark. Jane and the businessman go inside the room; Charles waits for LaRoche to approach, and knocks him unconscious before he enters. He breaks in and demands the return of his money. A gunfight ensues and everyone gets shot but Charles. After the melee, Charles watches the false Lucinda die and leaves with his briefcase, which still contains his money. Charles is arrested for embezzling the $10,000 that he paid Winston and is sentenced to six months of community service teaching. During one of his classes, he comes across the story about him that was being written at the beginning of the film. The unknown writer instructs him to go to the laundry room—there, he finds LaRoche, who survived the gunfight. LaRoche threatens to continue interfering with his life but Charles stabs him to death. As he leaves, he encounters Detective Church. Though suspicious of Charles, he lets him return home to his wife and daughter."] ['At an archaeological dig in Northern Iraq, archaeologist Father Lankester Merrin  visits a site where a silver Roman Catholic medallion along with a small stone amulet resembling a grimacing, bestial creature are found buried together. Meanwhile, Father Damien Karras ([[Jason Miller , a young priest at Georgetown University in Washington, DC, begins to doubt his faith while dealing with his mother\'s illness. A friend, Father Joe Dyer , tries to advise and console him. While making a film near her temporary residence in Georgetown, actress Chris MacNeil  notices dramatic and dangerous changes in the behavior of her 12-year-old daughter, Regan . Chris initially believes Regan\'s changes are related to puberty; however, doctors suspect a lesion on her temporal lobe. Regan endures a series of unpleasant medical tests. When X-rays show nothing out of the ordinary, a doctor advises that Regan be taken to a psychiatrist, whom she assaults. Paranormal occurrences continue, including a violently shaking bed, strange noises, and unexplained movements. A film director, Burke Dennings , visiting the MacNeil home, dies violently, found at the bottom of steps that run the full length of the house. Lieutenant Kinderman  investigates, and informs Karras that Dennings\' head was found completely twisted around his shoulders. He also speaks with Chris and promises to return when Regan is feeling better. Just after Kinderman leaves, Chris is brutally attacked by her daughter, leaving her with facial bruises. When all medical explanations are exhausted, doctors recommend an exorcism. In desperation, Chris consults Karras, who is both a priest and a psychiatrist. During a period in which Karras observes Regan, she constantly refers to herself as the Devil. Karras initially believes her to be merely suffering from psychosis, until he records her speaking in a strange language which turns out to be English spoken backwards, and he is later shown Regan\'s abdomen where the words "help me" rise in relief in the form of Regan\'s handwriting. Despite his doubts, Karras decides to request permission from the Church to conduct an exorcism. Merrin, an experienced exorcist, is summoned to Georgetown to perform the exorcism, with Karras assisting. He and Karras try to drive the spirit from Regan. The demon threatens and taunts both priests, both physically and verbally . Merrin requests that he and Karras take a break, whereby he administers to himself the viaticum, a sign of his impending doom at the hands of the demon. Merrin excuses the younger priest and begins the exorcism, once more on his own. Karras returns to find Merrin has suffered a fatal heart attack. He attempts to perform CPR to no avail, but Regan is proud of it. Karras strikes and chokes her, challenging the demon to leave Regan and enter him. The demon does so, whereupon the priest regains enough control and throws himself through Regan\'s bedroom window and falls down the steps outside. At the bottom, a devastated Father Dyer administers last rites as Karras dies. Regan is restored to health and does not appear to remember her ordeal. Chris and Regan leave Georgetown and their trauma behind. They return Karras\' silver medallion to Dyer, who takes one final look down the steps behind the house and departs.'] ['John Rambo  is a former member of an elite United States Army Special Forces unit, who is awarded the Medal of Honor for his service in the Vietnam War. Now in December 1981, Rambo is searching for one of his friends from his unit, Delmar Berry, and soon learns that he has died from cancer due to Agent Orange exposure. Although not yet revealed to the audience, Rambo knows he is now the last surviving member of his unit. The scene cuts to Rambo entering the fictional small town of Hope, Washington  on foot. With his long hair and military-style coat, he is quickly spotted by the town\'s overzealous and overprotective sheriff, Will Teasle , who decides that Rambo is a "drifter" and drives him out of town in his police car. Rambo immediately heads back towards town, angering Teasle, who arrests him. At the station, Rambo stays silent and refuses to cooperate with the deputies. Led by Art Galt , Teasle\'s cruel head deputy and closest friend, they respond by bullying and harassing him. While being processed, Rambo has flashbacks to his time as a prisoner of war. When Galt and two other officers, Ward  and Mitch  attempt to dry-shave him with a straight razor, Rambo has a flashback to being tortured in a North Vietnamese P.O.W. Camp and finally snaps. He overpowers the three officers in the room and fights his way out of the station, assaulting most of the deputies and throwing one out of a window. Once outside he steals a motorcycle from a civilian and is pursued into the nearby mountains. The deputies are eventually forced to search for Rambo on foot and he climbs down onto a steep cliff to elude capture. After spotting Rambo from a helicopter, Galt blatantly disregards protocol and attempts to shoot him in cold blood. Rambo drops into a mass of trees and, while cornered, throws a rock at the helicopter which pitches, and Galt falls to his death. Teasle, who had not seen Galt\'s attempt to kill Rambo, vows to avenge his friend\'s death.  Rambo is unable to persuade the deputies that Galt\'s death was an accident, and Teasle leads his deputies into the woods in an attempt to capture him. The deputies are inexperienced and bicker, particularly after learning over the radio about Rambo\'s combat experience and status as a war hero. Rambo quickly disables the small, disorganized team using guerrilla tactics and booby traps, severely wounding but not killing the deputies; he also kills their three tracking dogs. In the chaos, Rambo isolates and confronts Teasle with a knife to the throat. "Don\'t push it...or I\'ll give you a war you won\'t believe. Let it go!" he warns before disappearing into the woods. A base camp is assembled near the site, and the State Patrol and National Guard are called in. United States Special Forces Colonel Sam Trautman  arrives, explaining that he trained Rambo, and that the Army sent him to "rescue" them. Aware of Rambo\'s capabilities, he urges Teasle to let Rambo go and find him once the situation has calmed down; Teasle refuses. Rambo is eventually cornered by the National Guard in a mine entrance. The novice guardsmen fire a M72 LAW rocket at him, collapsing the entrance and trapping him inside. They assume Rambo is dead. Unbeknownst to his pursuers, Rambo has escaped into the tunnels of the mine. Rambo finds some old fuel and makes an improvised torch with a wood stick whose end is wrapped in layers of canvas. After wading through waist‑deep water and fighting off rats, Rambo cleverly uses the flame of the torch  to find an escape. Rambo hijacks a passing Army cargo truck and is chased by a police car. He rams the car into an abandoned car, which explodes and overturns it. Rambo returns to town, crashing it into a gas station. He blocks the highway to anyone in pursuit by igniting the spilled fuel, also destroying the stolen truck. Armed with an M60 machine gun, Rambo destroys a sporting goods shop and a few other businesses in an attempt to confuse Teasle and identify his position before spotting him on the roof of the police station. Rambo carefully enters the police station. Aware of Teasle\'s presence on the roof, Rambo darts under the skylight to draw fire so that Teasle\'s exact location is revealed. Teasle immediately fires at Rambo, and Rambo then observes Teasle\'s position. Rambo returns fire through the ceiling with the M60, injuring Teasle, who then falls through the skylight onto the floor. Rambo steps over him, prepared to kill him. Before Rambo can shoot Teasle, Colonel Trautman appears and tells him that there is no hope of escaping alive. Rambo, now surrounded by the police, rages about the horrors of war. He weeps as he recounts a particularly gruesome story about witnessing his friend dying by having his legs blown off by a booby-trapped shoeshine box planted by a Viet Cong child operative. Realizing he has nothing left to live for, Rambo then turns himself in to Trautman and is arrested while Teasle is taken to the hospital. The credits roll as Rambo and Trautman exit the police station.'] ['Movie producer Mike Max meditates on the paranoia of fear of attack, in the movie business and life in general, as his wife Page announces she is leaving him. He receives a document via email from a NASA employee he met earlier at a conference. Before opening it he is kidnapped and almost killed, a scene captured by surveillance cameras and witnessed by computer scientist Ray Bering on surveillance footage scene in his laboratory at the Griffiths Observatory. However, it soon turns out the two men have been shot, Max has escaped and now is accused of killing them. He takes shelter with, and goes to work for, the Mexican gardeners who find him and they help him investigate who is trying to kill him and why. Bering, who originally sent Max the email and recognized Max in the surveillance footage, has a conversation with an intelligence agent who makes it clear that anyone who gets in the way of a new “anti-crime” satellite surveillance program not yet approved by congress will be dealt with. Detective Dean Brock suspects Max is not a killer and on a tip meets with Bering, who is assassinated by a gunshot as they begin to speak. Max gives up his business and money to his wife and the movie ends as he meditates on how a real attack has freed him from paranoia.'] ['Se-jin, a lonely department store employee, moves into a high-rise apartment building. One day she notices that the lights in the windows of the building opposite all start to mysteriously flicker at exactly 9:56pm. She begins to suspect that these occurrences are somehow linked to a series of suspicious deaths in the neighborhood.'] [':Note: The story is explained here in its chronological order, rather than the way it unfolds in the film. Trevor and Faith are a happy couple who decide to buy a home together. After purchasing their new house, Trevor is cleaning the attic and discovers a chest. In the chest there is a staircase, under which he finds a book of black magic that only he can read. He begins studying the book, and starts to perform rituals with Faith. In an effort to gain even greater power, he and Faith perform a ritual in an attempt to merge their two consciousnesses. The ritual goes wrong, and Faith suffers a violent death. Trevor calls the police. Years later, Trevor appears in a hospital. Apparently having been found insane, he is now under the care of Dr. Ek. The doctor has learned about the book Trevor found, and wants to use it for his own means - one of which, he later admits, is to cure all mental illness. It is around this time that Dr. Coffee comes to stay at the sanitarium and study under Dr. Ek. Trevor seems to have forgotten much of his past including practicing black magic and killing Faith. Dr. Ek talks with Trevor, trying to help him regain any previous memories about where Trevor may have hidden the book. At first Ek is very coy about his intentions. He worries that if Trevor knows the value of the book and his intent, he won\'t willingly surrender it. Dr. Ek sends Trevor to be rehabilitated at "The House of Love." While Trevor thinks he\'s being sent to a recovery facility filed with other patients, he is actually being sent to his former house which is now filled with actors pretending to be patients. He interacts with the other patients, and eventually befriends Douglas. While he thinks Douglas is just as oblivious to the strange happenings in the house, Douglas is actually trying to get Trevor to sneak around the house  and expose the location of the book. Ronald pretends to confess secrets of the house, hoping it will motivate Trevor to explore more. As Douglas and Trevor\'s conversations and expeditions continue, Trevor develops an interest in Amy - another supposed patient. While Amy seduces and has sex with Trevor, the first "murder" takes place. As time goes on, several more fake murders are orchestrated in an attempt to build urgency and get Trevor to continue exploring. Unhappy with his results so far, Dr. Ek commits further surgery on Trevor. As Dr. Coffee\'s skepticism builds, Dr. Ek also subjects Trevor to several medications and hallucinogens. In his drugged state, Trevor communicates with Faith who now appears to be searching for the book as well. She explains to Trevor his past, the truth about the House of Love, and Dr. Ek\'s actual intent. She has sex with Trevor and tries to manipulate him into giving her the book. Dr. Ek has another conversation with Trevor, and sends him back to the House of Love. Previously murdered characters are seen alive, just as they were the first time Trevor came to the house. While Trevor remembers his previous time here, the actors continue to pretend he has never been here before. The charade breaks down and actors begin to confess the ruse. Trevor suspects Faith will attempt to possess one of them in a final attempt to find the book. Observing all of this on the monitors, Dr. Coffee and Dr. Ek have a fight over Dr. Ek\'s methods. Dr. Ek drugs Dr. Coffee in a fit of rage. Dr. Ek eventually accepts the experiment\'s failure. He sends two orderlies to the house and begins to pack up and leave the sanitarium. Thinking Faith has possessed Amy, he kills her. As the orderlies arrive at the house, Douglas  kills them and goes looking for Trevor. They run through the house, and Trevor eventually knocks Douglas down and makes his way to the attic. Douglas follows him down the stairs within the chest, and Trevor kills him. Trevor begins to see the situation playing out the way it did when he killed Faith in her own physical body. He attempts to make his way out of the Attic while another version of his consciousness is knocking on the chest. In the final scene, Trevor is seen pulling himself into the chest.'] ['Set in modern-day San Fernando Valley of Los Angeles, the film begins with rebellious teenager October "Tobe" , going for a walk with her younger brother, Lonnie . The next day, Tobe goes to the beach with friends and when they stop for gasoline they are assisted by Harlan , a young man, though much older than Tobe - who affects a folksy, cowboy style. Tobe invites much-older Harlan to the beach. He accepts, which results in him losing his job. While at the beach, they share a passionate kiss. Afterwards, Tobe goes to his house and engages in sexual activities with Harlan. He then decides to take her on a real date which involves him and Tobe taking Lonnie to get something to eat. Later on that night they go on their "real" date dancing then later meeting up with Tobe\'s friends for another party. That is when he takes drugs under the influence of Tobe. She returns home the next day; as she has returned home long after she was expected, Wade, her father, becomes enraged and she retreats to her room. He attempts to talk with her, and when she refuses to open the door, he pounds on the door and leaves visible damage. Tobe continues to see Harlan. Her father\'s rage increases, and he manages to shatter her bedroom window. The romantically involved couple ride a horse that supposedly belongs to one of Harlan\'s friends named Charlie. Upon returning, Charlie  claims he has never met Harlan and that the horse was stolen. The couple are held in police custody until Wade comes to pick up Tobe. She tells Harlan that they should no longer see each other. Harlan, however, is persistent. He takes out Lonnie to shoot guns without Wade\'s permission and is confronted by Lonnie\'s father, who is armed, ordering Harlan to leave his children alone. Harlan is evicted from his apartment after shooting at his reflection in a mirror, imagining a Wild West style "shoot-out" scene. It is made clear at this point that he is, to some degree, mentally unstable or delusional. After an awkward incident at a local synagogue, where he is abruptly ushered out, he breaks into what is presumably the house of his father or foster father, who is revealed to be a Hasidic Jew. He leaves the letter he has been narrating throughout the movie after taking multiple Jewish memorabilia, and the contents of a box, in a closet, inscribed with his name. He breaks into Tobe\'s house and packs a bag so that they can run away. When Tobe comes home to find him, she is dumbfounded, happy to see him at first, but slowly realizes he is deranged and tells him she doesn\'t want to leave her family and that he should go. At that point, she says "What\'s wrong with you?!", then he replies with the same and Harlan shoots her in the stomach, probably because he is used to saying that to his mirror and shooting. When Tobe\'s father returns home to find Tobe alone on her bed, barely alive, he suspects Harlan, who has failed in an attempt at calling 9-1-1 and run away. Wade rushes his wounded daughter to the hospital, where she is attached to a breathing machine and remains in a coma. Harlan, who is covered in Tobe\'s blood, then shoots himself in the side to conceal Tobe\'s blood and also make it look like it was Wade who had shot Tobe and then shot at him. He finds Lonnie and talks him into going away. He convinces Lonnie that it was really Wade who shot Tobe, and that Harlan was wounded while trying to stop him. Tobe regains consciousness at the hospital and Wade realizes that Lonnie has been taken by Harlan. He pursues them. At night while Harlan and Lonnie are by a fire, Wade, Charlie and a detective named Sheridan arrive. Harlan shoots Charlie before riding off with Lonnie. They stumble upon a Western motion picture set where filming has just begun. Wade and Sheridan arrive with two more cops. During the shootout Harlan guns down detective Sheridan and one of the cops. Harlan and Lonnie escape to a construction site, where Wade finds them and another shootout ensues. Wade shoots Harlan to death to the horror of Lonnie. Later,Tobe and Lonnie are driven by Wade to a place where Tobe and Harlan had a pleasant day. Tobe is holding a box that contains her former lover\'s ashes. Her brother asks her what they should say about him. She replies, "Don\'t say anything, just think it," and scatters the ashes.'] ["Chris McCormick  is a highly paid fashion model whose image serves as the driving force of the ad campaign for a popular brand of lipstick and can be seen in magazines and on billboards all around the world. Gordon Stuart , a part-time composer and full-time music teacher, eagerly accepts Chris’s 13-year-old sister Kathy’s  invitation to come to a secluded beachside photo shoot, so Chris can listen to some of his music. But Chris is too busy to give any of her time to Gordon and suggests that they meet another day at the apartment she shares with Kathy. Gordon agrees and shows up at the apartment at the date and time that she mentioned. Even though Chris has clearly forgotten about the invitation, she lets him in and politely sits down as he plays her a tape of one of his compositions. What she hears is not easy on her ears, but she smiles as it plays and pretends to appreciate it until a phone call from her lover, Steve Edison , thankfully interrupts them and allows her to escape to her room, away from the noise and the very creepy Gordon. As Chris talks to Steve, Gordon begins to fume at the thought of Chris’ obvious rejection. His hurt soon turns to anger and he enters her room and smashes a picture of her brother Martin , a priest, before throwing himself on top of her. During Chris's struggle to fight him off, Gordon slams her head against one of her bedposts and screams at her to show him where she keeps the lipstick that her face sells to the public. When she tells him it's in her bathroom, he takes her in there and smears it across her face, then forces her to perform fellatio on him to leave the traces of the lipstick on his genitalia. Returning her to her bed, he ties her down with silk scarves, and anally rapes her to the accompaniment of his discordant compositions. Near the end of the ordeal, Kathy returns home from school and walks in on Chris and Gordon, who Kathy has a crush on, together in bed -- hurt and embarrassed, Kathy runs out before they see her, and before she can tell what's really going on. Chris hears her leave, and asks Gordon to untie her. He gets up and suggests calling Kathy in to join them and “Have some fun,” but he instead cuts Chris free and leaves. Chris gets up, finds Kathy, and after telling her what really happened, Chris calls the police. Gordon is arrested, but as Chris learns from Carla Bondi , the prosecutor assigned to handle the case, Gordon's conviction is hardly a sure thing. Only two out of 100 rapists serve any jail time, and only 10,000 out of the 50,000 rapes that occur each year in California are reported to the police. If Chris wants justice, she’ll have to testify, and that could mean subjecting herself to a kind of abuse as terrible as the rape itself. Despite Steve’s fears of what a trial could do to her career, Chris agrees to testify passionately, informing everyone in the room that “I want him to die in jail! I want them to do it to him in jail!” Unfortunately for Chris, Carla’s worst fears are all realized. Gordon's attorney argues that the sex was consensual, and that its roughness was the result of Chris's own twisted desires and not Gordon's. He also suggests that even if Gordon acted without her consent, she provoked him by appearing naked in front of him at the photo shoot where they first met, and by the inherent sensuality of the photographs from which she makes her living. To Chris's enormous shock, the jury buys that logic and votes to acquit. Gordon walks out of the courthouse a free man. Not long after that, Chris learns that Steve, who works for the cosmetics company she poses for, has decided to “cool down” their ad campaign, meaning that she's been abandoned by Steve, and is soon going to be out of work. Not knowing what else to do, Chris decides to move to Colorado with Kathy as soon she finishes what is to be her last photo shoot. But by a terrible coincidence, Kathy’s old school is using the same building Chris’s shoot is in to rehearse the new ballet being orchestrated by Gordon. As Chris poses in a red sequined gown, Kathy runs into Gordon, who -- despite her protestations to the contrary -- a part of her still believes is innocent of what Chris accused him of. Kathy soon learns, however, that Chris wasn’t lying when Gordon’s intentions become sinister, and he starts chasing her throughout the nearly abandoned building. Eventually, he catches her, starts tearing at her clothes and rapes her. When Gordon is done with her, Kathy stumbles to the photo shoot and tells Chris what happened. Knowing she absolutely cannot trust the system to do what's right, Chris -- still wearing the red gown -- runs outside to her vehicle and grabs a pump-action shotgun that she had intended to take to Colorado with her. Chris spots Gordon driving his car in the parking lot, and shoots at it. Gordon is hit by a bullet. He tries running Chris over, but the car swirls and overturns on its side. With difficulty, Gordon climbs out of the car, and Chris shoots him in his chest, shoulder and stomach. Gordon falls out of the car. Chris comes near to the place where Gordon is writhing in pain. Convulsing, he tries hard getting up, but Chris shoots him between his legs, killing him instantly. Even after his death, Chris keeps shooting, while being haunted by the dirty memories of her ugly rape. Within seconds, the police arrive and arrest Chris. Later, Carla Bondi speaks to a jury, telling them that their acquittal of the devillish Gordon earlier resulted in Chris losing faith in the law and in order for the Los Angeles department of justice to not appear appallingly incompetent they have to acquit Chris. The Jury ultimately finds Chris not guilty."] ["The film starts with Doug  seeking out his next prey. He becomes obsessed with a woman named Amy , and sneaks numerous spy cameras in her apartment. By doing this, he's able to learn details of her life, and what he learns about things like her musical and film tastes he uses to seduce her. but it seems as though Amy isn't interested in continuing the relationship further. When he visits her apartment, Amy's friend is suspicious of him, especially when she asks him about a section of Seattle—where he says he's from—that doesn't even exist. She becomes so suspicious of Doug that she begins asking around about him. Doug, sensing that the truth about him might be uncovered, murders the roommate, and then comforts Amy as she's grieving. The two begin getting romantic one night and are about to have sex, but Doug can't get an erection. By the time he says he's able to perform, Amy tells him she can't because she doesn't want to wind up hurting his feelings. Amy then discovers that Doug installed a spy camera in her bedroom when he makes a remark about her masturbating. After a struggle, Doug eventually kills Amy. The film ends with Doug seeking out his next prey."] ['David Locke  is a television journalist making a documentary film on post-colonial Africa. To finish the film, he is in the Sahara desert seeking to meet with and interview rebel fighters involved in Chad\'s civil war. Struggling to find rebels to interview, his frustrations reach a climax when his Land Rover gets hopelessly stuck on a sand dune. After a long walk through the desert back to his hotel a thoroughly glum Locke finds that an Englishman by the name of Robertson , who has also been staying there and with whom he had struck up a friendship, has died overnight in his hotel room. Locke switches identities with Robertson; he is tired of his work, his marriage and his life, and senses an opportunity to start over. Now, posing as Robertson, Locke reports his own death at the front desk, where the hotel manager mistakes Locke for Robertson, and the plan goes off without a hitch. In London, Locke\'s wife Rachel  has been having an affair with someone else but is guilt-ridden and torn by the news of her husband\'s death. She approaches Locke\'s friend, Martin  a producer at the BBC, in an attempt to get in touch with Robertson so that she may learn more about her husband\'s last days. Meanwhile "Robertson"  has flown off to Europe with the dead man\'s belongings, including his appointment book. Locke soon discovers Robertson to have been gunrunning for the rebels he himself had been trying to contact in the desert. When he goes to check-out an airport locker listed in Robertson\'s diary, Locke is tracked down by the rebels\' point man in Europe, who is there to finalize the weapons sale. Since neither man has ever seen the other before, Locke is able to escape the meeting without being discovered and ends up receiving what is the first down-payment in cash for the apparent arms deal Robertson had already set up before his death. Later Locke accidentally spots Martin on a street in Barcelona, as the latter tries to track Robertson down on behalf of Rachel. Locke backtracks quickly and at this point bumps into an architecture student ([[Maria Schneider  while trying to hide nearby. He asks her to fetch his belongings so he won\'t be seen at his hotel, where Martin has apparently camped out in order to catch up with "Robertson". She sneaks past Martin, and then stays with Locke as he drives off from Barcelona. They become lovers, as Locke confesses that he has stolen a dead man\'s identity while trying to explain his recent behavior. Locke is flush with cash from the down payment on the arms he cannot deliver, but is nevertheless drawn to keep the meetings listed in Robertson\'s book. In the meantime, Rachel has received Locke\'s belongings that have been flown back from Africa. Having heard from Martin of his unsuccessful chase of the evasive "Robertson", Rachel receives a shock when she opens Locke\'s passport, only to discover the photo of Robertson pasted inside. She now realizes why "Robertson" is being so evasive, and heads off to Spain to track Locke down herself. Locke now begins fleeing from the Spanish police, whom Rachel has brought in on the search for Robertson, but the Girl is loyal and helps him evade them, providing rational advice. Locke sends the Girl away on a bus, saying he\'ll meet her in Tangiers later. The thugs eventually catch up with him at the Hotel de la Gloria after he sends her away with a grim story of a blind man who regains his sight only to commit suicide,Chatman, pp. 183–185. in a Spanish town . The assassination takes place off screen in a seven minute long take-tracking shot which begins in a hotel room, travels out into a dusty parking area and tracks back into the hotel room.Chatman, p. 202. All significant living characters are present in the last minutes of the movie as the Girl identifies the dead man as Robertson, while Locke\'s wife says she doesn\'t know him.'] ['Frenchmen Mario and Jo, Dutch Bimba and Italian Luigi are stuck in the isolated South American town of Las Piedras. Surrounded by desert, the town\'s only link to the outside world is a small airport, but the airfare is beyond the means of the men. There is little opportunity for employment aside from the American corporation that dominates the town, Southern Oil Company , which operates the nearby oil fields and owns a walled compound within the town. SOC is suspected of unethical practices such as exploiting local workers and taking the law into its own hands, but the townspeople\'s dependence upon it is such that they suffer in silence. Mario is a sarcastic Corsican playboy, who treats his devoted lover, Linda, with disdain. Jo is an aging ex-gangster who just recently found himself stranded in the town. Bimba is an intense, quiet individual whose father was murdered by the Nazis, and who himself worked for three years in a salt mine. Luigi, Mario\'s roommate, is a jovial, hardworking individual, who has just learned that he is dying from cement dust in his lungs. Mario befriends Jo due to their common background of having lived in Paris, but a rift develops between Jo and the other cantina regulars because of his combative, arrogant personality. A massive fire erupts at one of the SOC oil fields. The only way to extinguish the flames and cap the well is an explosion caused by nitroglycerine. With short notice and lack of proper equipment, it must be transported within jerrycans placed in two large trucks from the SOC headquarters, 300 miles away. Due to the poor condition of the roads and the highly volatile nature of nitroglycerine, the job is considered too dangerous for the unionized SOC employees. The company foreman, Mr. O\' Brien, recruits truck drivers from the local community. Despite the dangers, many of the locals volunteer, lured by the high pay: US$2,000 per driver. This is a fortune to them, and the money is seen by some as the only way out of their dead-end lives. The pool of applicants is narrowed down to four handpicked drivers: Mario, Bimba and Luigi are chosen, along with a German named Smerloff. Smerloff fails to appear on the appointed day, so Jo, who knows O\' Brien from his bootlegging days, is substituted in his place. The other drivers suspect that Jo murdered Smerloff in order to facilitate his own hiring. Jo and Mario transport the nitroglycerin in one vehicle; Luigi and Bimba in the other, with thirty minutes separating them in order to limit potential casualties. The drivers are forced to deal with a series of physical and mental obstacles, including a stretch of extremely rough road called "the washboard", a construction barricade that forces them to teeter around a rotten platform above a precipice, and a boulder blocking the road. Jo finds that his nerves are not what they used to be, and the others confront Jo about his increasing cowardice. Finally, Luigi and Bimba\'s truck explodes without warning, killing them both. Mario and Jo arrive at the scene of the explosion only to find a large crater rapidly filling with oil from a pipeline ruptured in the blast. Jo exits the vehicle to help Mario navigate through the oil-filled crater. The truck, however, is in danger of becoming bogged down and during their frantic attempts to prevent it from getting stuck, Mario runs over Jo. Although the vehicle is ultimately freed from the muck, Jo is mortally wounded. On their arrival at the oil field, Mario and Jo are hailed as heroes, but Jo is dead and Mario collapses from exhaustion. Upon his recovery, Mario heads home in the same truck, now freed of its dangerous cargo. He collects double the wages following his friends\' deaths, and refuses the appointed chauffeur offered by SOC. Mario jubilantly drives down a mountain road, while a party at the cantina back in town where Mario\'s friends eagerly await his arrival. Mario swerves recklessly and intentionally, having cheated death so many times on the same road. He takes one corner too fast and plunges through the guardrail to his death. Linda, dancing in the cantina, appears to faint.'] ["Stephen and his daughter Justine run from a wireless internet ghost of Michelle, Stephen's late wife. The father and daughter stay at the Stephen's cabin, away from the city. A short while after they get there, Stephen's girlfriend Marta arrives. As Stephen and Marta are about to get intimate, a laptop sitting on the table turns on, revealing continuous emails to Stephen from Michelle. Marta ends up hitting the laptop with a golf club, but while everyone is asleep Stephen picks up the laptop and sends an e-mail to Michelle, causing her to appear at the cabin. Michelle kills Marta, but Stephen and Justine escape. They are stopped by a man dressed in red, who commands Stephen at gunpoint to take him to a computer supply store and find a processor for him. With the processor, the man plans to find a solution for the world. Once Stephen completes this, the man gives him red tape and Stephen and Justine keep driving. They stop in the middle of a road, where Stephen covers the car in red tape. He and Justine fall asleep, but Stephen wakes up in the middle of the night to find the passenger-side door open and Justine missing. He manages to get Justine back before she touches her mother's ghost and they race back to the car. The next day, Stephen peeks through the tape and sees a bus destined to a refugee camp where wireless computer signals cannot reach. He and Justine get off, and he tells her to run straight to the bus. As they are about to reach it, Michelle appears. Stephen convinces his daughter that she should get on the bus and sacrifices himself to Michelle, saying that if she did not want to be lonely, she should take him and not their daughter. As she is about to touch his face, she backs off and disappears with a smile. Stephen is relieved and thanks her, but Marta's ghost clings to him and takes his soul. Marta then backs off and Michelle is shown standing there smiling. Justine is safely in the bus with other refugees and escapes unscathed."] ["Aura , a young woman suffering from anorexia escapes from a psychiatric hospital and meets a young man, David , who offers to let her stay with him rather than go back to the hospital. However, Aura is soon caught, but her return to the hospital coincides with the start of a string of murders of hospital staff members, past and present. The killer decapitates them using a home-made garrote device on rainy days. When her father is murdered along with her mother, Aura and David team up to find the killer. In the end, it is revealed that Aura's mother  is the killer. Years earlier, Dr. Lloyd  was given the task of delivering Aura's brother, Nicolas. However, his clumsiness combined with a power outage  led to him slicing off the newborn infant's head as he was being delivered. The head nurse during the delivery convinces the doctor to forcibly subject Aura's mother to electroshock treatment against her will, hoping that it would erase all memory of the blotched delivery/death of her son, allowing for the staff to cover up their causing her child's death. Holding the two hostage, Aura's mother is ultimately killed by a young child who had discovered the mother's crimes and ultimately uses her own murder device against her to save her captives."] ['Sam is a self-destructive, vaguely artistic New York bohemian who has recently lost his father and his long-time girlfriend. At a Halloween party he meets a mysterious, beautiful, androgynous woman named Anna. He embarks on a kinky, sex-charged relationship with her; but soon he suffers the symptoms of blood loss, and eventually he realizes that Anna is a vampire.'] ['This film once again portrays seduction and betrayal among the teenaged idle rich. Cassidy Merteuil  is a beautiful, manipulative student at an exclusive Santa Barbara college. Jason Argyle  and Patrick Bates  are roommates there. After they pull off a devious plan to bed Cassidy, she encourages them to compete against each other. Jason has to seduce Sheila , who is in a steady relationship with Michael ([[Tom Parker , and Patrick has to seduce Alison , who is already engaged. After Jason succeeds in his part, Patrick blackmails Alison using photos of her cheating on her fiance and then tells her how he succeeded and then he pulls down her white thong and rapes her to fulfill his part of the bet. Jason and Cassidy strike up a relationship as Patrick is left unsatisfied and angry. He attempts to seduce Cassidy, but she rejects him. So he convinces Cassidy that the man she loves, Jason, is only staying with her because he wants to win the bet with Patrick that they had set, which was to see who could sleep with Cassidy first. Seemingly angry with Jason, she succumbs to Patrick, and Jason walks in on them. Patrick snidely remarks that both Jason and Cassidy have been victims of his cruel game to show them that they underestimated the evil in themselves. They ask him if he has ever been a victim and he tells them no, but Cassidy reveals that this had been her plan all along. She began the little charade so Patrick and Jason would seduce Alison and Sheila; before sleeping with Patrick, she took one of his sleeping pills, planning to tell the policemen that he had drugged and raped her. As Patrick is led away by the police, bewildered and protesting his innocence, he is warned that another victim has come forward, and he will get the punishment he deserves for raping Alison. In the end Jason and Cassidy are shown together and making another bet with each other.'] ['Marcus  wakes up in a cemetery with no memory of how he got there. He suffers from parasomnia, a sleep disorder which causes him to do things while asleep which he cannot remember, and so is plagued with questions: "Where was I last night? Who was I with?" Hoping to deal with his use of one-night-stands to escape his problems, Marcus joins a Sexaholics Anonymous support group, where SA sponsor Derek  helps him work through his problems. His disorder takes a turn for the worse when he wakes up and finds himself covered in blood with a knife at his side and the police banging at his door. In a panic he hides the evidence and then learns from the police that Ann ([[Kelly Overton , wife of his best friend Justin , was found stabbed to death. Marcus is terrified to put together the pieces of how she might have been murdered. A series of mysterious phone calls make him believe that someone is watching him. Desperate to figure out what happens after he goes to sleep at night, he investigates his own nocturnal activities. His quest for the truth ends in a shocking revelation.movieweb.com, complete synopsis of In My Sleep, accessed 01-07-2009'] ["Orphaned at age 10 when his parents were brutally murdered, every night Alex dreams the same dream: cornered by a man in a wolf's mask, a knife is brought to Alex's throat, and then he wakes. But waking moments confirm his worst fears, and soon Alex is trapped in a tangle of suspicions, lies, and fear. Reality fades into terror as he is left alone to fight the relentless force that haunts his Deadly Dreams."] ['Los Angeles scriptwriter David Sumner  and his wife, TV actress Amy Sumner , move to Blackwater, Mississippi, where Amy grew up, to rebuild Amy\'s recently deceased father\'s house, and so that David can finish a script. David meets Amy\'s ex-boyfriend Charlie Venner  and his friends Norman , Chris  and Bic , whom he hires to fix the barn\'s roof, which was recently badly damaged by a hurricane. David also meets former football coach Tom Heddon , whose 15-year-old daughter Janice  is attracted to a local mentally handicapped man, Jeremy Niles , who lives with his brother Daniel . Heddon often bullies Jeremy, who may have committed a crime in the past, and believes Jeremy is stalking his daughter. Charlie and his friends begin taunting David, who is initially condescending to their customs. The taunting escalates into harassment as they make crude remarks towards Amy and play loud music to annoy David and prevent him from working on his screenplay. They break into the house and strangle the couple\'s cat while they are at a social gathering. David is hesitant to confront the men about the cat\'s death without evidence of their involvement, so Amy does it. Shortly thereafter, while David is away hunting with the men, Charlie forces his way into the house and overpowers Amy, raping her on the couch as she tries to fight him off. While she is recovering, Norman appears and violently rapes her across the back of the couch while Charlie watches from the other side of the room. David returns, having been abandoned in the woods by the men, but Amy doesn\'t tell him about the rape. David fires the men the following day. At Amy\'s insistence, they go to a local football game, where Amy and Charlie meet. Meanwhile, Janice takes Jeremy to an empty locker area and attempts to give him oral sex. Heddon notices her absence and begins looking for her. Jeremy, scared of Heddon, puts his hand over Janice\'s mouth to silence her, accidentally smothering her to death. He runs away just as Heddon informs Charlie and his friends of Janice\'s disappearance and deduces that Jeremy has done something to her. Amy becomes uncomfortable with Charlie and asks David to take her home. On the way, she tells him she wants to return to Los Angeles, surprising him and causing him to accidentally run over Jeremy. David and Amy take him to their home and call Sheriff John Burke . Heddon finds out and goes to David and Amy\'s house with Charlie, Norman, Chris and Bic. Heddon confronts David, but David says he will only turn Jeremy over to the state authorities. Frustrated, Heddon kills the Sheriff at the front door as David watches through the peephole, and Heddon attempts to enter the house. David takes Amy and Jeremy upstairs to the bedroom and prepares to fight off the men. Chris attempts to break into the house through a window, so David nails his hand to the wall with a nail gun, then tells him he hopes the glass slits his throat. When Heddon tries to follow, David burns his face with boiling vegetable oil. Heddon and Charlie decide to ram one of the house\'s walls with Charlie\'s pick-up truck. They succeed, but Charlie is momentarily knocked unconscious. Meanwhile, David overpowers Heddon, causing Heddon to accidentally shoot his own foot. David then takes the opportunity to shoot Heddon in the chest, killing him. He then beats Bic to death with a fireplace poker. Upstairs, Amy and Jeremy are attacked by Norman who has climbed through a window with a ladder. Norman is preparing to rape Amy again when David and Charlie appear. Charlie and Norman draw on each other when Norman threatens to kill Amy. Focusing on each other, they don\'t see Amy retrieve a shotgun. She shoots Norman to death. David and Charlie fight, and Charlie overpowers David downstairs. As Charlie puts his pistol to David\'s forehead, Amy aims the shotgun at Charlie. Charlie reminds Amy that the gun is empty, but the distraction gives David the opportunity to kill him by ensnaring his head with a bear trap. David and Amy watch as Charlie is strangled by the trap and dies on the floor. As sirens approach, David walks outside and looks at the burning barn, announcing that he "got them all".'] ["When Isis tries to leave Roman's apartment he overpowers her and accidentally kills her. He keeps her severed body on ice. A neighbor, Eva pursues him. They have a difficult relationship as neither wants to leave the other in to the other's apartment. When he is handling the frozen foot of Isis, Eva knocks on his door. He hides the foot under his bedclothes and lets her in. While they are in his bed the severed foots falls to the floor unnoticed. Before leaving Eva remarks that something stinks. The next day, Eva leaves a note for him inviting him into her apartment. He finds her apparently lying prostate. When he realizes she is dead his extreme cries of anquish alert the building superintendant who accuses him of mudering Eva."] ["The setting of the film takes place at John R. Rogers High School in Spokane, Washington. Ten years prior, student Abel Frye took his life through suicide. A victim of bullying, Frye ended his life by hanging himself on the school property. Fast forward to the current day, several student football players  are becoming gravely ill. Just before they fall into a coma, each victim is heard screaming the spirit's name. Abel Frye. In an effort to get to the bottom of the haunting, the school turns to the Veritas Project for help. The Veritas Project is made up of the Springfield family, including father Nate , mother Sarah , daughter Elisha , and son Elijah . The members of the Springfield family are highly trained paranormal investigators who work undercover to unravel mysteries and discover the truth about paranormal activities. The high school students in the film represent members from each social class or youth subculture, including jocks, geeks, and goths. Prominent among the students in the film are members of the goth culture, who worship the ghost of Abel Frye. The group of goth students is led by Norman Bloom, who unbeknownst to the rest of the school, is Frye's nephew. In retaliation for the bullying and mistreatment of the goth students, Bloom enacts revenge on the popular football players. Bloom's plan includes gaining access to the locker of each targeted bully and placing a deadly male spider, trapped in a straw. Bloom then gives the bully tainted money, upon which he placed trace amounts of female spider pheromones. When the unsuspecting bully reached into the locker between classes, the waiting male spider would be easily attracted to the pheromones, then crawl out and bite the student. Among the side effects of the toxin, the affected student would experience hallucinations, believing that the ghost of Abel Frye is after them. At one point, Bloom additionally puts a female spider in one of the straws by accident, which resulted in thousands of deadly spiders overtaking the school. Elisha Springfield, attending the school undercover as a student, eventually figures out the mystery and the diabolical plot designed by Bloom. In fear of being discovered, Bloom attempts to keep his involvement in the haunting hidden by poisoning both himself and Elisha with a spider, hoping that they will both die. When Elijah figures out that Bloom is behind the sinister attacks in the school, he races to find his sister and the Springfield family rush to professor and scientist, Dr. Algernon Wheeling , who saves Elisha with an antivenom. In the end, the students at Rogers High School are protected not only from haunting and harm from others, but from the harm brought on by their own hatred and fear, as well."] ['Dr. Bill Harford  and his wife, Alice , a young couple from New York, go to a Christmas party, given by a wealthy patient, Victor Ziegler . Bill meets an old friend from med school, Nick Nightingale , who now plays piano professionally. While a Hungarian man tries to pick up Alice, two young models try to take Bill off for a tryst. He is interrupted by a call from his host upstairs, who had been having sex with a young woman who has overdosed on a speedball. Next evening at home, while smoking marijuana, Bill\'s wife asks him if he had sex with the two girls. After Bill reassures her, she asks if he is ever jealous of men who are attracted to her. As the discussion gets heated, he states that he thinks women are more faithful than men. She rebuts him, telling him of a recent fantasy she had about a naval officer they had encountered on a vacation. Disturbed by Alice\'s revelation, Bill is just then called to the deathbed of the father of a now-engaged female friend, who impulsively kisses him and tells him she loves him. Putting her off, Bill takes a walk and meets a prostitute named Domino , and goes to her apartment. His wife phones as he begins to kiss her, after which he calls off the awkward encounter. Meeting his friend Nick at the Sonata Cafe, Bill learns that Nick has a following engagement where he must play piano blindfolded. Nick tells him about beautiful women he glimpsed when the blindfold slipped at the last gig for this customer, allowing him to surmise some of the goings-on. Bill presses for details. To gain admittance, one needs a costume, a mask and the password. Bill drives late at night to a shop called "Rainbow Fashions", whose previous owner he knew. He offers the new owner, Mr. Milich , a generous amount of money to rent to him now. Searching for a costume, the owner catches his teenage daughter  with two Japanese men and expresses outrage at their lack of sense of decency, and threatens to call the police. Bill now takes a taxi out to a country mansion where a quasi-religious sexual ritual is taking place. One woman takes Bill aside and warns him he does not belong there. Bill then with another girl walks through a few rooms where an orgy is taking place. The first woman catches up with Bill and insists he is in terrible danger for they suspect that he is an outsider. Bill is then interrupted by a masked porter who tells him that the taxi driver who is waiting outside wants to speak with him. However, the porter takes him to the main room where the masked, red-cloaked Master of Ceremonies confronts Bill with a question about a second password which Bill is unable to answer. The Master of Ceremonies insists that he "kindly remove his mask", then asks that he remove his clothes. The masked young woman who had tried to warn Bill now intervenes and insists that she be punished instead of him. As she is taken away, Bill asks what is going to happen to her. The Master cryptically replies her fate is sealed and Bill is ushered from the mansion and warned not to tell anyone about what happened there. Just before dawn, Bill arrives home guilty and confused, where his wife Alice is now awake and tells him of a troubling dream in which he and she were in a deserted city without their clothes. She felt frightened and ashamed while he went off to try to find their clothes. She then felt better, finding herself, still naked, in a beautiful garden. The Naval Officer emerged, stared at her, and the two of them began making love surrounded by many other couples doing the same. She then started having sex with many of those men and laughing at the idea of Bill seeing her with them. Next morning Bill finds Nick\'s hotel from the waitress in the next-door cafe; the desk clerk  tells Bill that a bruised and frightened Nick checked out a few hours earlier after returning with two large, dangerous-looking men. Nick tried to pass an envelope to him when they were leaving, but it was intercepted, then he was driven away by the two men in a limousine. Bill goes to return the costume and the shop owner, with his daughter by his side, states he can do other favors for Bill "and it needn\'t be a costume". The Japanese men leave; Milich implies to Bill that he has sold his daughter for prostitution. Bill has misplaced the mask, so is billed for it. Bill returns to the mansion in his own car and is greeted at the gate by a man with a note warning him to cease and desist his inquiries. At home, Bill thinks about Alice\'s dream while he watches her tutor their daughter. That evening, Bill goes to the home of the prostitute with a gift. Her roommate greets him, telling him Domino has just discovered she has HIV. Bill leaves and notices a well-dressed man is following him. After losing him, Bill reads a newspaper story about a beauty queen, Amanda Curran, who had died of a drug overdose. She is the Mandy he had treated at Ziegler\'s party. He goes to the hospital, claiming to be her doctor, and examines her body in the morgue. Ziegler summons Bill to his house and tells him he knows all the events of the past night and day. Ziegler was one of those involved with the ritual orgy and his own position with the secret society has been jeopardized by Bill\'s intrusion. Bill asks about the death of Mandy, whom Ziegler has identified as the woman at the party who\'d "sacrificed" herself to prevent Bill\'s punishment, and about Nick. Ziegler insists that Nick is safely back at home in Seattle, but does not know where to contact him. Ziegler also insists that the "punishment" had nothing to do with Mandy\'s death; she was a junkie and she has died from another accidental drug overdose. Bill does not know if Ziegler is telling him the truth, but says nothing further. When Bill returns home, he sees the rented mask on his pillow next to his sleeping wife. He breaks down in tears and as Alice awakes, he decides to tell her the whole truth of the past two days. The next morning they go Christmas shopping. His wife muses that recent events do not define their life and they should be grateful they have survived and are still together and that she loves him. She then says they need to, in her own words, "fuck" as soon as possible.  Arthur Schnitzler\'s 1926 novella Dream Story is set around Vienna shortly after the turn of the century. The couple are named Fridolin and Albertina, and their home is a typical suburban middle-class home, not the film\'s posh urban apartment. Schnitzler himself, like the protagonist of this novel, lived in Vienna, was Jewish, and a medical doctor . The couple in the novella are implied to be Jewish . According to historian Geoffrey Cocks, Kubrick  frequently removed references to the Jewishness of characters in the novels he adapted. This is reflected in the way the film handles the way Bill Harford is taunted by college students when going home in the morning. In the film, Bill is taunted with homophobic slurs. In the novella, these boys are recognized to be members of an anti-Semitic college fraternity.Peter Loewenberg notes this in his essay Freud Schnitzler and Eyes Wide Shut http://books.google.com/books?idPA268&dq1#vfalse as does Geoffrey Cocks in his book Wolf at the Door  The novella is set during Carnival, when people often wear masks to parties. The party that both husband and wife attend at the opening of the story is a masked Carnival ball, whereas the film\'s story begins at Christmas time. Critic Randy Rasmussen suggests that the character of Bill is fundamentally more naïve, strait-laced, less disclosing and more unconscious of his vindictive motives than his counterpart, Fridolin.{{Harvnb|Rasmussen|2005|p6Y7FnTDmvUIC&pgFidelio+Denmark+Kubrick&cdfalse] The party in the novella consists mostly of nude ballroom dancing. In the novella the woman who "redeems" Fridolin at the party, saving him from punishment, is costumed as a nun, and most of the characters at the party are dressed as nuns or priests; Fridolin himself used a priest costume. This aspect was retained in the film\'s original screenplay,Eyes Wide Shut original screenplay but was deleted in the filmed version. In the novella, when the husband returns home, the wife\'s dream is an elaborate drama that concludes with him getting crucified in a village square after Fridolin refuses to separate from Albertina and become the paramour of the village princess, even though Albertina is now occupied with copulating with other men, and watches him "without pity". By being faithful, Fridolin thus fails to save himself from execution in Albertina\'s dream although he was apparently spared by the woman\'s \'sacrifice\' at the masked sex party. In both the novella and film, the wife states that the laugh in her sleep just before she woke was a laugh of scornful contempt for her husband; although awake she states this matter-of-factly. The novella makes it clear that Fridolin at this point hates Albertina more than ever, thinking they are now lying together "like mortal enemies". It has been argued that the dramatic climax of the novella is actually Albertina\'s dream, and the film has shifted the focus to Bill\'s visit to the secret society\'s orgy whose content is more shocking in the film.Rainer J. Kaus, Notes on Eyes Wide Shut The character of Ziegler  is entirely an invention of the film, having no counterpart in Schnitzler. Critic Randy Rasmussen interprets Ziegler as representing Bill\'s worst self, much as in other Kubrick films; the title character in Dr. Strangelove represents the worst of the American national security establishment, Charles Grady represents the worst of Jack Torrance in The Shining, and Clare Quilty represents the worst of Humbert Humbert in Lolita.{{Harvnb}} The novella explains why the husband\'s mask is on the pillow next to his sleeping wife, she having discovered it when it slipped out of his suitcase, and placing it there as a statement of understanding. This is left unexplained in the film.'] ['{{plot}} The place is Helverton, Colorado. Fifteen-year-old Genevieve Gage  and her best friend Tiana Moore  are typical high school students who spend their idle time surfing the Internet and sending messages to strangers via chat rooms. Upon "meeting" another apparent student who goes by the screen name of "Captain Howdy," Genevieve and Tiana decide to attend a party at Captain Howdy\'s house. As it turns out, Captain Howdy has lured them into a trap. What Captain Howdy doesn\'t know is that Genevieve\'s father is local cop Mike Gage ([[Kevin Gage , whose wife is named Toni . When neither Genevieve nor Tiana has returned home by the next morning, Toni alerts Mike. With the assistance of a younger cop named Steve Christian , Gage begins searching for Genevieve and Tiana. The case takes an unexpected turn when Tiana\'s car is pulled out of a lake. Tiana\'s tortured body is found in the car\'s trunk with her mouth stitched shut, and there is no sign of Genevieve. Mike discovers that Captain Howdy is into "body art" that includes great quantities of tattooing, piercing, branding, and scarification. But it is not until Mike\'s niece Angela Stravelli  informs him of Genevieve\'s penchant for meeting strangers through the Internet that Mike gets his first lead. Meeting the mysterious Captain Howdy online, Mike gets Captain Howdy to invite him to a party, but Mike\'s planned bust goes awry. Later, however, he figures out Captain Howdy\'s location, and finds Captain Howdy\'s torture chamber. Gage not only finds Genevieve naked and bound, with her mouth stitched shut, but also five other teenagers who are in similar predicaments. After a brief struggle in which Captain Howdy gets shot, Mike arrests him, whose real name is Carlton Hendricks . Mike thinks he has closed the case. But a year later, Hendricks is declared not guilty by reason of insanity and he is put in the Meistrich Psychiatric Institute. Three years later, Hendricks is released. Doctors at the Meistrich Institute state that Hendricks, who has been diagnosed as a schizophrenic with a severe chemical imbalance, is okay as long as he is on his medication. Hendricks moves back to his old neighborhood. While he\'s under the influence of his medicine, Hendricks is timid and apologetic about what he did. But, the memories of what Hendricks did are still fresh in the minds of Helverton\'s residents. There are people who are not happy about Hendricks release—especially an activist group led by Jackson Roth  and Catherine "Sunny" Macintosh . One night while Roth\'s teenage daughter Kelly  is out, a fearful Roth jumps to the wrong conclusion that Hendricks could have taken Kelly. Roth calls Catherine and a bunch of others. Roth and his group kidnap Hendricks, and on the way from Hendricks\'s property, Hendricks accidentally drops his medicine bottle, and the medicine bottle is run over by a car\'s rear tire. Roth and the group beat Hendricks and hang him from a tree. As Roth, Catherine, and the others leave, it starts raining. The rope, which turns out to be weak, snaps, saving Hendricks life. Without his medication, however, he reverts to being Captain Howdy, this time with revenge on his mind...revenge on Roth, Catherine, and Mike. Later, Hendricks kills Madeline in front of Roth. Hendricks knocks Roth unconscious and kidnaps him. Hendricks contacts Mike at the police station. By this time, Hendricks has also kidnapped Catherine. After Hendricks hangs up with Mike, Hendricks brutally tortures Roth and Catherine. The next day, Toni calls Mike and tells him that Genevieve is missing, and when Mike gets home with Steve, Hendricks\'s face is on Toni\'s computer screen. Hendricks has Genevieve and her mouth is stitched shut again. Hendricks tortures Genevieve while Mike and Toni watch the screen. After Hendricks disconnects, Genevieve, Roth, and Catherine are soon found alive, but brutally tortured. That night, Mike tracks Hendricks to a church. After a long struggle, Hendricks stands ready to kill Mike with a hook. Mike sinks the hook into Hendricks\'s back, slams Hendricks into a wall, and then uses the hook to lift Hendricks off the floor. Mike pours a flammable liquid on Hendricks, and presumably kills Hendricks by setting him on fire.'] ['When Adrien is released from an mental institution, her former doctor, Henry Thompson immediately tries to get her back on her feet by getting her a job at a country club on the East Coast, where she is introduced to the lifestyle of the snooty, rich "beautiful people". Brittany, a young woman who lives in the area, befriends Adrien and takes her under her wing, accepting her as part of a clique of wealthy teenagers.Brittany\'s group of friends make comments about how much Adrien looks like Brittany\'s older sister who had moved away. At first she enjoys being a close confidant of Brittany but Adrien soon begins to discover how twisted Brittany actually is when Matt Curtis, an object of Brittany\'s affection begins to show an interest in Adrien. Brittany sets out to get rid of Adrien, by stealing her file from Henry\'s office and discovers Adrien\'s past. Adrien\'s revelation of Brittany is much more disturbing, when she discovers that Brittany\'s older sister used to be "queen bee" of this circle of friends and that Brittany was often treated badly by her older sister. Brittany is furious that her best friend Kelly deceived her when she overhears her explaining the situation of her missing sister to Adrien. To keep her secret under wraps, she kills Kelly and later kills Henry, pinning the blame on Adrien. Her supervisor knew about Adrien\'s stay at the mental institution and readily believed Adrien to be the killer. With the help of Bobby, one of Brittany\'s friends, Adrien escapes the mental institution. Adrien heads back to the country club, where everyone is attending an end-of-summer party. Using the information that Kelly told her, and putting together some odds and ends Adrien realizes that Brittany had actually killed her own sister and faked her sister\'s moving away. Adrien shows up at the country club dressed as Brittany\'s older sister. Brittany sees who she believes to be her sister and starts to freak out. Brittany heads to the woods and unearths the body of her sister, just to prove that she is, in fact dead. Adrien confronts her, and is attacked by Brittany and just before she tries to murder her, verbally confesses why she killed her sister. Hearing the fight everyone gathers outside to witness that Brittany is insane and that she killed her sister. Adrien moves on and leaves the country club, and it is Brittany who ends up in the mental institution. The last scene shows Brittany using her beauty and womanly wiles on a male orderly, with the audience led to believe that she would more than likely escape the mental institution.'] ['Lt. Jacques Renard  is struggling with depression following the untimely death of his beloved wife, Chloé. After six months in a mental hospital following a suicide attempt, the disheveled and lonely Le Havre police lieutenant is still haunted by visions of his wife. One day, Renard finds a mysterious woman  waiting for him in his car. She implores him to visit the manager of the Hotel Normandy, Antoine Bérangère , in nearby Deauville in Room 401. She insists that only Renard can help her, and then leaves. Renard drives to Deauville to the luxury hotel where he meets Bérangère\'s thirty-nine year old son, Camille , and learns that Bérangère, who worked as manager of the Hotel Normandy for nearly four decades, vanished forty-eight hours earlier under suspicious circumstances. Without identification or money, he took his Mercedes, which he hadn\'t driven in years, and simply vanished, leaving everything behind except his hunting rifle. When Renard asks about Room 401, Camille insists there is no such room at the hotel. While searching Bérangère\'s room, Renard discovers a key to Room 401. After a quick search, he finds the room which is decorated with old framed photographs, portraits, and momentos of Bérangère\'s deceased first wife—a film actress who looks like the mysterious woman he met in his car. Old newspaper clippings reveal that the actress, Victoria Benutti , died in a car accident in 1970, exactly 36 years ago to the day of Bérangère\'s disappearance. Camille is annoyed by Renard\'s presence and inquiry, and Renard\'s partner Pierre  is convinced that this is a simple suicide case. Renard, however, believes that something far more sinister is happening, and the suspicious actions of Antoine\'s wheelchair-bound second wife, Mélanie , convinces Renard that foul play has occurred. At the hotel, Renard meets a Duchess  who tells him how the "ghost of Victoria" still haunts the hotel after all these years. Soonafter, he sees the mysterious woman and chases her through the hotel and onto the roof, but she eludes him. Shortly after the police discover Bérangère\'s car abandoned on the cliffs at Deauville, a body presumed to be that of Antoine Bérangère turns up in the city morgue, the skull and face obliterated by a gunshot blast from Bérangère\'s rifle. While investigating the crime scene at the foot of the cliffs, Renard spots the mysterious woman watching from a distance, and chases after her following her Volvo. After losing her trail, he stops at a gas station inquiring about her car, and by chance learns that shortly after Victoria\'s car accident in 1970, a man in a Mercedes stopped at the station and called for an ambulance. Renard suspects it was Bérangère. Renard drives to the cemetery where Victoria  are buried and finds the mysterious woman\'s Volvo with a DVD inside labeled "Lucie 1982". Later he watches the DVD of home movies of a teenager—scenes of her undressing and being molested—taken by Bérangère. In search of Lucie\'s identity, Renard goes back to the mental hospital where he is still being treated and the head nurse confirms that Lucie was indeed treated at the hospital while he was there following her own attempted suicide. Initially Renard has no memory of her, but later he remembers her and understands that the mysterious woman he\'s been pursuing is Lucie, the daughter of Victoria. Looking for Lucie\'s address, Renard steals the hospital computer containing patient records and goes out searching for her, with his partner Pierre in hot pursuit. Renard is eventually captured and taken to jail. Pierre and his colleagues believe he is mentally unstable. Camille visits Renard in jail and tells him about his nanny, Evelyne , who disappeared after the crash. Camille remembers being in the car with his mother Victoria and her new lover, Albert, when Bérangère ran them off the road in 1970. Later at the hotel, Camille confronts his stepmother, Mélanie, who reveals that Victoria and her new lover were taking Camille away from Bérangère. Camille then remembers that at the crash site, Bérangère left Camille in the car while taking the baby Lucie with him. Bérangère later entrusted the baby\'s care and upbringing to Camille\'s former nanny, Evelyne. Camille eventually finds Evelyne\'s apartment where he discovers a DVD of home movies showing her being molested by Bérangère. Meanwhile, Lucie visits Bérangère who was wounded by the tramp he killed—the same tramp his family was planning to cremate. Obsessed with the memory of Victoria, and after years of molesting Lucie, Bérangère staged his own death so that he and Lucie could run away together. Traumatized by years of abuse, Lucie tried but was unable to kill Bérangère. After Pierre bails him out of jail, Renard goes back to the morgue convinced that the body belongs to some tramp, not Bérangère whom he now knows has been molesting Lucie and controlling her for years. Renard learns from Mélanie that Bérangère might be hiding on the family yacht, Victoria. At the yacht, Renard discovers Bérangère preparing to escape with a bag full of money. As Renard is about to arrest him, Lucie steps forward with a gun and ties up the surprised lieutenant. Once out to sea, Bérangère prepares to kill Renard, but Lucie lets go of the mast which knocks Bérangère into the ocean where he perishes. She unties Renard and they return to Deauville. Sometime later, Lucie meets Renard on the cliffs at Deauville, and they embrace and kiss.'] ["Terry  is having an affair with his boss' wife Sylvia . One night after an office party, they are together and Sylvia witnesses an attack on Denise  from Terry's bedroom window. She doesn't want to expose their relationship and so is reluctant about talking to the police. Terry, wanting to help, gives the police the description of the attacker. He soon becomes the main prosecution witness until it becomes clear he cannot have witnessed the assault, at which point he becomes the main suspect in the case. He then sets out to find the real rapist/killer with some help from Denise."] ["Tourist Lisa Rainer  wanders away from her tour group in Toledo, Spain and encounters a man called Leandro  who resembles the portrait of the devil in a fresco she has just seen. When she is unable to find the tour group again, she takes refuge in a crumbling mansion owned by a blind Countess , where Leandro is the butler. The Countess's son  is drawn to Lisa because of her physical resemblance to his dead lover. As people begin to die off at the villa at the hands of a mysterious killer, Lisa finds herself in a surrealistic nightmare from which she cannot escape."] ["Joshua Lazarus  is a telepath who has been raised in an NSA foster home. Lazarus helps the government by using his abilities. He is told by the agency that the telepathy is a side effect of Widmann's Disease, and that he will become insane in time and eventually die from the illness. However, Lazarus meets a woman with similar powers  who does not have any sign of the disease, launching Lazarus to confront the lies he has been told.{{cite news}}"] ['The film tells the tale of two sisters, Violet and Grace, who live a sheltered life within a secluded New England mansion, inherited from their parents. It is heavily implied that their father abused them during their childhood throughout the film, believing that they were "gifted" and home-schooling them whilst practically forcing them to complete recreational activities, such as painting and playing musical instruments, and hurting them either physically or mentally if he was not pleased with their effort. Because of their gloomy childhood, the two sisters have formed a strong bond and are incredibly close, however have also lost touch with reality and often come up with "evil" schemes together, their most recent being to lure a young traveller, whom Violet encounters in a bar, into their home and seduce him. It is never revealed why they have chosen to do this, however it is suggested that the sisters, especially Grace, want a baby to raise together. Violet catches the eye of the traveller whilst he is with another woman in the bar, and openly flirts with him by dancing gracefully. Enchanted, he abandons his date and leaves with Violet, already drunk. The two return to the mansion, where Violet and Grace flirt with him briefly before dragging him upstairs to the spare bedroom, where he collapses. The next morning, the trio have breakfast together, where the traveller introduces himself as Luke, and the sisters invite him to stay for a few days. He agrees, clearly having taken a liking to Violet. That evening, he invites her for a drive and the two leave Grace on her own for several hours. While out, Luke proposes that they run away together, but Violet laughs this off, claiming he barely knows her and they wouldn\'t be able to manage with little money. Violet admits that she wants Luke to fall in love with her, but he claims he "doesn\'t do love". Despite this, the two share their first kiss on the way back. The two return home to find Grace sulking, who claims that Violet is "breaking the rules". Eventually cheering up, the sisters suggest that they play "the alpha game", an activity in which they attempt to connect with Luke mentally after they count him down into the "alpha state". Whilst under, Luke experiences visions of the girls\' father and becomes disturbed by this, accidentally strangling Grace after waking up. The next morning, Grace tells Violet that she wants him gone, but she refuses. Luke continues to push Violet to leave with him, but she cannot bring herself to even consider leaving Grace. Later, the two of them slip away while Grace demonstrates her archery skills and make love for the first time. They begin an intimate relationship, much to the distress of Grace, whose flashbacks become increasingly surreal and intense, a notable one being of her suddenly setting fire to a box of matches without touching them after her father had been trying to get her to move a flame in the same manner, and she begins to lose her mind. Luke begins experiencing visions of the girls\' father as well, and decides to leave the mansion alone after Violet refuses to come with him. Grace attempts to reconnect with her sister, but Violet becomes depressed after realising she loved him. Meanwhile, Luke encounters his girlfriend from the beginning of the film and they briefly reconcile, however he realises afterwards that he is in love with Violet, and decides to return to the mansion. Despite Violet\'s happiness, Grace grows incredibly jealous and begins cutting herself at night. After discovering that she is pregnant, Violet finally agrees to go away with Luke, ignoring Graces\' warnings. In a final attempt to get her sister back, she hatches a plan to seduce Luke while Violet is out. Showing minimal restraint, Luke sleeps with her, but regrets it immediately afterwards and begins to hate Grace, who doesn\'t hesitate in revealing what happened between them. Distraught, Violet runs out of the house but Luke follows her and apologises. The two decide to leave there and then, driving away as Grace watches from the window. The couple stay in a motel overnight, where Violet reveals her pregnancy. Luke concludes that he is happy and promises to get a job. The next morning, they begin making their way to California, however Violet drives back to mansion whilst he is asleep. Luke is furious that they are back, but after Grace calls a truce, he agrees to stay for one more night. Violet goes to the market to buy some supplies for a "celebratory feast", while Grace tells Luke about a painting of him that she needs him to pose for so she can finish it. Grace has Luke stand on a table with his hands tied behind his back, and begins painting. Whilst doing so, she begins to hear her father\'s voice again, and it is here that the extent of her insanity is revealed. It is confirmed by a film that Grace is projecting onto the wall that their father abused them, showing him pushing her into their swimming pool and filming her struggle. Grace begins crying as she suffers severe flashbacks, gripping the paintbrush so tightly that her hand starts bleeding, as well as picking up her bow and arrow and pointing it at Luke. Having had enough, Luke snaps at her, telling her she is crazy, and attempts to escape, knocking over a candle as he does so, which sets the paintings alight. Grace has the same flashback about trying to move the flame with her mind, and fire grows as she hears her father\'s words, possibly proving her telekinesis, and suggesting that this is her final attempt to get rid of Luke. Violet senses something is wrong and returns to the mansion - just in time to see Luke die in the fire. Grace escapes unharmed. After Violet has a miscarriage in the bath, she finally decides to leave the mansion once and for all. It is revealed that Grace is now pregnant, suggesting that she got what she wanted all along. The film ends with a heavily pregnant Grace knitting a baby grow. Her father appears next to the cot she has out prepared, but as she walks over she simply opens a window and goes back to her knitting, suggesting she has finally moved on from her childhood.'] ['The plot is a day in the life of a glamorous fashion photographer , inspired by the life of an actual "Swinging London" photographer, David Bailey.PDN Legends Online: David Bailey. Retrieved July 28, 2012. It begins after spending the night at a doss house where he has taken pictures for a book of art photos. He is late for a photo shoot with Veruschka at his studio, which in turn makes him late for a shoot with other models later in the morning. He grows bored and walks off, leaving the models and production staff in the lurch. As he leaves the studio, two teenage girls who are aspiring models  ask to speak with him, but the photographer drives off to look at an antiques shop. Wandering into Maryon Park, he takes photos of two lovers. The woman  is furious at being photographed. The photographer then meets his agent for lunch, and notices a man following him and looking into his car. Back at his studio, Redgrave arrives asking for the film, but he deliberately hands her a different roll. She in turn writes down a false telephone number to give to him. His many enlargements of the black and white film are grainy but seem to show a body in the grass and a killer lurking in the trees with a gun. He is disturbed by a knock on the door, but it is the two girls again, with whom he has a romp in his studio and falls asleep. Awakening, he finds they hope he will photograph them but he tells them to leave, saying, "Tomorrow! Tomorrow!" As evening falls, the photographer goes back to the park and finds a body, but he has not brought his camera and is scared off by a twig breaking, as if being stepped on. The photographer returns to his studio to find that all the negatives and prints are gone except for one very grainy blowup showing the body. After driving into town, he sees Redgrave and follows her into a club where The Yardbirds, featuring both Jimmy Page and Jeff Beck on guitar, are seen playing. At a drug-drenched party in a house on the Thames near central London, he finds both Veruschka – who had told him that she was going to Paris, and when confronted, she says she is in Paris – and his agent , whom he wants to bring to the park as a witness. However, the photographer cannot put across what he has photographed. Waking up in the house at sunrise, he goes back to the park alone, but the body is gone. Befuddled, he watches a mimed tennis match, is drawn into it, picks up the imaginary ball and throws it back to the two players. While he watches the mime, the sound of the ball being played is heard. As the photographer watches this mimed match alone on the lawn, his image fades away, leaving only the grass as the film ends.'] ['A documentary crew following a group of illegal immigrants across the U.S./Mexican border are captured by radical patriots who force them to film executions of those same illegal immigrants.{{Cite web}}'] ["English police are baffled after a number of children are brutally murdered. Alice  takes a profound interest in the murders as her own son, Daniel, was killed years ago and she is haunted by recurring nightmares. The event replays in her mind, as she remembers walking her son home late one night when they stop to rest on a park bench. They sit next to a clown, who gives Daniel a balloon. A man then rushes at them from the darkness and kills Daniel, injuring his mother. Alice clearly remembers the man's face. The same man has been spotted close to each of the murders in the current slayings. She confides this to Detective Weiss, the investigating officer. Alice finds and confronts the man, and holds a gun to his head but can't bring herself to kill him. She instead takes him prisoner in an effort to hear his story. The man's name is Sam and informs Alice that he is hunting a creature from hell who kills children. Alice is unsure whether to believe him when she receives a call informing her that another child has been killed in front of witnesses, who report the murderer as being a clown. It is now that she comes to the realization that it wasn't Sam who killed her child but the clown and that her memory was wrong. She agrees to help Sam, who has been present at the murders not as a perpetrator but as the hunter of the monster, known as the Hellbreed. Meanwhile, Detective Weiss has pulled up Alice's files and it is revealed that she has been committed to a mental institution in 1989. She escaped in 1995 and is still wanted by the authorities. Alice is handcuffed and taken to the institute. Outside they encounter the Hellbreed who kills Detective Weiss but leaves Alice unharmed and backs away. Sam arrives and kills the Hellbreed. The film is interspersed with footage of Alice being interviewed, supposedly back at the institution after the events occurred. In this way she acts as a narrator. It is seen at that Alice has not obtained peace and breaks down in front of the camera before the image fades to black."] ['High school teacher Gayle Richardson finds out her husband is cheating on her. She murders both him and his mistress in an outburst of rage. One year later, she has moved to another school under an assumed name. However, news about her past starts to re-emerge, forcing her to embark on yet another killing spree to protect her identity and her crimes.'] ['In London, Julia Ross  goes to a new employment agency, desperate for work. When Mrs. Sparkes  learns that she has no near relations, she recommends Julia for a job as a live-in personal secretary to a wealthy widow, Mrs. Hughes . Mrs. Hughes approves and insists that she move that very night into her house. Two days later, Julia awakens a prisoner at an isolated seaside estate in Cornwall. All her possessions have disappeared and the young woman is told she is really Marion, the wife of Ralph Hughes , Mrs. Hughes\' son. The staff have been told that she has suffered a nervous breakdown; as a result, they ignore her seemingly wild claims and her attempts to escape are all foiled. Julia writes a letter to her only close friend and admirer, Dennis Bruce , and cleverly leaves it where it can be found. The Hughes substitute a blank sheet of paper and allow her to post it, unaware that Julia has anticipated them and written a second letter. Even so, when a "doctor" comes in response to a fake poisoning attempt, she blurts out her plan to him, only to discover that he  is in on the scheme. He is dispatched to London to intercept the letter. When the real doctor shows up, Julia refuses to see him. The doctor recommends she be taken to a hospital immediately, but Mrs. Hughes persuades him to come back in the morning. That night, Julia discovers a secret passage to her room and overhears Ralph admit to his mother that he murdered his real wife in a fit of rage and disposed of her body in the sea. Julia\'s captors have to make it appear that she has committed suicide before the doctor can take her away. Julia throws her gown out the window, making it look like she threw herself to her death, then hides in the secret passage. When the doctor drives up, Mrs. Hughes delays him so that her son can get to the body first. Ralph picks up a rock to ensure that Julia is really dead, but is stopped by Dennis and a policeman, alerted by the letter. When Ralph tries to flee, he is shot down.'] ['Dean Corso is a New York City rare-book dealer motivated solely by financial gain. Wealthy book collector Boris Balkan hires Corso to compare his recently acquired copy of the book The Nine Gates of the Kingdom of Shadows, by seventeenth-century author Aristide Torchia, to the other two known to be in existence. Balkan informs Corso that only one is genuine and is reputedly a version whose author was the devil himself. The book contains nine engravings that, when correctly interpreted and the legends properly spoken, will summon the Devil. Balkan suspects that his book might be a forgery and asks Corso to travel to Europe to determine whether his is genuine and to acquire the others for Balkan—at any cost and by any means. Balkan\'s copy of The Nine Gates had previously belonged to bibliophile Andrew Telfer, who committed suicide soon after selling the book to Balkan. Moreover, Telfer\'s widow Liana wants the book back, as Telfer originally bought the book for her. Liana seduces Corso, but she fails to re-acquire her book. Meanwhile, Corso\'s business partner and rare-book shop owner, Bernie, whom Corso had asked to hide the book, is murdered, and his corpse is posed to reflect one of the engravings in The Nine Gates, which, as in the image of The Hanged Man Tarot card, shows a man suspended by one foot upside down. Corso travels to Toledo, Spain, to talk with the Ceniza brothers, both twins played by José López Rodero, book restorers who point out to him three of the book\'s engravings signed "LCF", which, with their prompting, Corso understands means that Lucifer himself designed and cut them. Corso next goes by train to Sintra, Portugal, and visits Victor Fargas, whose copy of The Nine Gates Corso compares with Balkan\'s. To his surprise, Corso discovers that the signature "LCF" is found in three different engravings in the Fargas copy, which vary in detail from their counterparts in the Balkan copy. The next morning a mysterious young woman, who has crossed paths with Corso since Balkan summoned him for this assignment, awakens Corso and leads him back to Fargas\' house where he finds the old man murdered and the engravings ripped out of his copy of The Nine Gates. In Paris, Corso visits the Baroness Kessler, an owner of the third copy of the book. The Baroness initially refuses any contact with Corso once she realizes who his employer is, but Corso returns and intrigues Kessler—a lifelong devotee of the study of the book—with evidence that the engravings differ across the three copies. Having gained access to Kessler\'s copy, he records three further differences. Later, Kessler is killed, and the Girl displays supernatural abilities in rescuing Corso from Liana\'s bodyguard. Now believing that each copy of The Nine Gates is genuine, Corso suspects that the secret is a combination of the "LCF" versions of each of the nine engravings, distributed across all three copies of the book. Liana steals Balkan\'s copy from Corso\'s hotel room; he follows her to a mansion and witnesses her using it in leading a Satanist ceremony. Balkan suddenly interrupts the ceremony, kills Liana, takes the engraving pages and his own intact copy, and then flees. Corso pursues Balkan to a remote castle, which was depicted in one of the engravings, and in a postcard that Corso found in Kessler\'s copy, and finds Balkan preparing to open the nine gates. After a struggle, Balkan manages to trap Corso in a hole in the floor, thus immobilizing him and allowing Balkan to perform his summoning ritual unmolested—but with Corso as a \'witness\'. Balkan recites a series of phrases related to each of the nine engravings, then douses the floor and himself with gasoline and sets it alight, believing himself to be immune to the flames. Balkan\'s invocation, however, appears to fail, and Balkan begins screaming in agony as his body starts to burn. Corso frees himself and, with Balkan engulfed in flames, puts Balkan out of his agony with a shot and escapes the fire.  Outside the building, the Girl appears to Corso, and they consummate their attraction by the light of the flames. She tells him that Balkan failed because the ninth engraving Balkan had used was a forgery. Corso, following her directions, returns to the Ceniza brothers\' shop. Upon arriving, he finds the store gone and the last piece of furniture being removed, from the top of which falls the authentic ninth engraving, which includes a likeness of the mystery girl. With the last engraving in hand, Corso returns to the castle it depicts, and crosses the threshold of the Ninth Gate.'] ['Nine years earlier, the American Discovery One\'s mission to Jupiter mysteriously failed. As depicted in 2001: A Space Odyssey, Discoverys HAL 9000 computer&mdash;or "Hal" &mdash;malfunctioned, killing four astronauts. The fifth, David Bowman, disappeared into a large, alien Monolith orbiting the planet. Bowman\'s last transmission before his disappearance was the cryptic line "My God! It\'s full of stars!" Back on Earth, Heywood Floyd , head of the National Council on Astronautics, received the blame for the failure and left the NCA. Since then he has been the Chancellor of the University of Hawaii. While diplomatic tensions are growing between the United States and the Soviet Union, both nations prepare space missions to determine what happened to the Discovery. Although the Soviet ship, the Alexei Leonov, will be ready before the American ship, the Soviets need American astronauts to help board the Discovery and investigate Hal\'s malfunction. The US government agrees to a joint mission since it has been determined that Discovery will crash into Jupiter\'s moon Io before its ship is ready. Floyd, along with Discovery designer Walter Curnow  and HAL 9000\'s creator Dr. Chandra , join the Russian mission. Upon Leonovs arrival at Jupiter, Captain Tanya Kirbuk  and the other Soviets wake Floyd early from his hibernation because they have detected the presence of chlorophyll and other chemical signatures of life on Jupiter\'s frozen moon Europa. An unmanned probe is sent from the Leonov to investigate the readings coming from Europa, but just as it finds the source, a mysterious energy burst destroys the probe as well as all telemetry data recorded by it. The "burst" then flies at great speed towards Jupiter. Though the Soviet crew believes the burst was simply electromagnetic radiation, Floyd suspects that it was actually a warning to stay away from Europa. After surviving a dangerous aerocapture through Jupiter\'s upper atmosphere, the Leonov crew find the Discovery, abandoned but undamaged, orbiting the planet close to Io. Curnow reactivates the ship and Chandra restarts Hal, which Dave Bowman had deactivated shortly before he disappeared. Also close by is the alien Monolith that was the purpose of the Discovery mission. Cosmonaut Max Brailovsky  travels to the Monolith in an EVA pod, at which point the Monolith temporarily reopens to allow Dave Bowman, now a being of pure energy, to return to Earth ; Max is swept away when the Monolith opens and is never seen again. On Earth, Dave Bowman, now an incorporeal being but with all the memories of his former human self, appears on his widow\'s television screen and wishes her farewell. He also visits his terminally ill mother in a nursing home and brushes her hair just before she dies peacefully. Back on the Discovery, Chandra discovers the reason for Hal\'s malfunction: The NSC ordered the computer to conceal from Discoverys crew the fact that the mission was about the Monolith. This conflicted with Hal\'s basic function of open, accurate processing of information, causing him to suffer a mental breakdown. This was done without Floyd\'s knowledge, even though the order bears his signature, outraging Floyd. On Earth, tensions between the United States and Soviet Union escalate to what is "technically a state of war", and the US government orders Floyd, Curnow, and Chandra to move into Discovery. Both crews plan to leave Jupiter separately when a launch window opens in several weeks. However, Bowman appears and tells Floyd that everybody must leave Jupiter space within two days because "something wonderful" is going to happen. Floyd, shocked to the core by Bowman\'s appearance, returns to the Leonov to talk to Kirbuk, but then the Monolith suddenly disappears and a growing black spot appears on Jupiter itself. The spot is actually a vast group of Monoliths that are constantly multiplying. The Monoliths begin shrinking Jupiter\'s volume, increasing the planet\'s density, and modifying the chemical properties of its atmosphere. This convinces the two crews that they must leave soon. Since neither ship can reach Earth with an early departure, they work together to use the Discovery as a booster rocket for the Leonov. Tension arises when Hal is not told that the Discovery will be left stranded in space, and possibly destroyed, and Chandra fears that another deception may cause Hal to malfunction again. During the launch countdown, Chandra finally tells the computer the truth. Hal agrees that he must sacrifice himself for the human beings onboard Leonov to complete Discoverys mission, and thanks Chandra for telling him the truth. As Leonov and Discovery launch away, Bowman appears once again to Hal and tells him that their mission has been a success and repeats that "something wonderful" is going to happen. He commands Hal to break his communication link with the Leonov and to repeatedly broadcast a final message to Earth: {{samp}} Jupiter is engulfed by monoliths, which increase its density to the point that nuclear fusion occurs, transforming the planet into a small star. Discovery is consumed in the blast, but the Leonov breaks away and begins its long journey home. The new star\'s miraculous appearance later inspires American and Soviet leaders to seek peace. Over the centuries that follow, Europa gradually transforms from an icy wasteland to a humid jungle covered with plant life. A Monolith stands in the primeval Europan swamp, waiting for intelligent life forms to find it.'] ['Jess is a struggling dancer trying to land a dream role in musical about Medusa. As she practices, the director, who has been haunted for decades by the memory of his former dancer and lover, notices how much she resembles his former lover. The ballerina had died in a bizarre on-stage accident 50 years ago while performing exactly the same dance that Jess is doing. As Jesse becomes more obsessed with winning the part she slowly takes on the physical and emotional characteristics of the woman. Eerily, as more unexplainable coincidences continue to surround the production making you wonder if someone or something is behind it all.'] ['In 1987, Sarah Campbell  is driving her son Matthew  home from the hospital where he has been undergoing cancer treatments. The trips are frequent and long, and they have to stop often, as Matt gets sick. Sarah and her husband Peter , a recovering alcoholic, discuss finding a rental house closer to the hospital. On another hospital visit, Sarah finds a man putting up a “For Rent” sign in front of a large house. The man offers to sell her the house, noting that it has a bit of history, as it was formerly a funeral home. On the trip home, Matt is in extreme pain, so Sarah drives back to the house, where they stay for the night. Matt sees his reflection become distorted, and sees a figure in the reflection of his T.V. The following day, Peter arrives with Matt’s brother Billy  and cousins Wendy  and Mary , and they choose rooms. Matt chooses the basement, which also has a mysterious door, later discovered to lead to the old morgue room. After moving into the house, Matt suffers a series of visions involving an old, bearded man and corpses with symbols carved into their skin. He also sees strange creatures and appears to his family to be having blackouts. At the hospital, Matt confesses that he’s been seeing things to another patient, Reverend Nicholas Popescu . Nicholas tells Matt to call him if he needs to talk. After another vision, Matt calls Nicholas and tells him about the visions. Nicholas advises him to find out what the spirit wants. Later, Matt finds a burned figure in his room. He asks the spirit what it wants from him and the ghost begins to move towards him. When the rest of the family comes home, they find that all of the furniture has been stacked in the middle of the front room and Matt shirtless with his fingers bloody from scratching at the wall. The family begins to crack under the stress of Matt’s illness and bizarre behavior. Meanwhile, the children find a metal box of photographs, which show Jonah, a young man from Matt’s visions, at a séance, emitting ectoplasm. Wendy suggests the house may be haunted and she and Matt research its history. They find out that the funeral home was run by a man named Aickman, the sinister bearded man from Matt’s visions. Aickman also conducted psychic research and would host séances with Jonah as the medium. At one séance, all those attending, including Aickman, were found dead and Jonah disappeared. Later in the 1950s, the state was building a new road that would run through part of the cemetery near the house, and when the coffins were exhumed, it was discovered that many of the bodies had disappeared and were never buried. Matt and Wendy then contact Nicholas to seek his help. Nicholas finds a smaller box containing eyelids that Aickman cut off of the corpses, and theorizes that Aickman was practicing necromancy in an attempt to control the dead and bind them to the house. He realizes that Aickman did this in an attempt to magnify Jonah’s medium abilities. He asks Matt and Wendy to take his hands and pray with him for the souls of the missing bodies and for Jonah. When Matt takes their hands, he is drawn into a vision of that final séance. He watches as Jonah begins to painfully emit the ectoplasm from his mouth. He is broken from the vision when Sarah comes home. That night, both Wendy and Sarah suffer visions of spirits. Peter arrives in a drunken state, and begins shouting at everyone for having the lights on, causing a frightening racket. Sarah confronts him shortly after, and warns him not to come home if he drinks again. When the family goes to sleep, all of the electronics in the house go haywire, terrifying them. In desperation, Sarah contacts Nicholas. Nicholas finds human remains in the house and removes them, after which the activity stops. Matt later awakens to find Aikman’s symbols carved into his flesh. He is taken to the hospital, where he encounters Jonah. Meanwhile, Nicholas nearly crashes his car when Jonah appears in his backseat. He and Matt begin to have simultaneous visions, in which Jonah is shown years before. After emitting the ectoplasm, Jonah’s entire family is burnt to a degree, after a flash of bright light. After angering a demonic presence, Jonah flees, only to have the spirit affect everything in the home. Seemingly the only way out, Jonah uses a dumbwaiter to escape, calling for help. Entering an unknown chamber, Jonah realizes that he has entered the home furnace. Quickly before escaping, the spirit traps Jonah in the furnace, and burns him alive, unknown to his father. Matt and Nicholas then break from the vision, after which Jonah’s spirit disappears. Peter and Sarah meet at the hospital and learn that Matt’s cancer treatments have had no effect. They then discover that Matt has escaped the hospital. Back at the house, Wendy discovers all the food in the house has suddenly turned rotten. She takes a shower, while Nicholas leaves a message telling the family to get out of the house immediately – Jonah’s spirit was actually protecting them from the spirits. Wendy is nearly suffocated by the shower curtain, but escapes, only to see Matt arrive with an axe. Matt breaks through the walls in the front room with the axe, revealing the dusty corpses Aickman hid in the walls. He forces Wendy and the children out of the house, barricading himself inside and tearing down the other walls, as marked corpses begin to tumble into the room. As he swings the axe, the view switches from Matt to Jonah, who seems to be occupying Matt’s body. Matt lights the bodies and the room on fire, then crouches in pain in the middle of the room, as the bound spirits surround him. Sarah, Peter and Nicholas arrive with the fire department, Sarah and Peter frantically trying to get in to save Matt. Sarah gets into the house and takes Matt under a table to avoid the falling timbers. The spirits finally disappear, seemingly freed, as a firefighter breaks through and pulls Matt and Sarah to safety. Outside, everyone watches tearfully as the emergency crew attempts to resuscitate a dying Matt. As Matt slips away, he has a vision of himself standing in the graveyard where he sees Jonah, no longer appearing burnt. He seems about to follow Jonah when he hears his mother’s voice. He returns to his body and Jonah’s spirit leaves him, appearing next to Nicholas before finally vanishing, as he can now move on. At the end of the film, we are told that Matt’s cancer has disappeared, and the house was rebuilt and resold with no further reported incidents of haunting.'] ['The time is the early-to-mid-1960s, the height of the Cold War between the United States and the Soviet Union. An unknown aircraft approaches North America from Europe. American bombers of the Strategic Air Command  are scrambled to their fail safe points near Russia. The bombers have orders not to proceed past their fail safe points without receiving a special attack code. The original "threat" is proven to be innocuous and recall orders are issued. However, due to a technical failure, the attack code is transmitted to Group Six, which consists of six Vindicator supersonic bombers and four escort fighters. Colonel Grady, the head of the group, tries to contact Omaha to verify the fail-safe order , but due to Soviet radar jamming, Grady cannot hear Omaha. Concluding that the attack order and the radar jamming could only mean nuclear war, Grady commands Group Six towards Moscow, their intended destination. At meetings in Omaha, the Pentagon, and in the fallout shelter of the White House, American politicians and scholars debate the implications of the attack. Professor Groteschele, who is loosely based on John von Neumann and Herman Kahn, suggests the United States follow this accidental attack with a full-scale attack to force the Soviets to surrender. The President orders the Air Force to send the four escort fighters after the bombers to shoot down the Vindicators. The attempt is to show that the Vindicator attack is an accident, not a full-scale nuclear assault. After using their afterburners in an attempt to catch the bombers the fighters run out of fuel and crash, dooming the pilots to die of exposure in the Arctic Sea. The fighters fail to destroy any bombers. The President of the United States contacts the Soviet premier and offers assistance in attacking the group. The Soviets decline at first; then they decide to accept help. Meanwhile, the Soviet PVO Strany air defense corps has managed to shoot down two of the six planes. After accepting American help they shoot down two more planes. Two bombers remain on course to Moscow. One is a decoy and carries no bombs. The other carries two 20 megaton devices. General Bogan tells Marshal Nevsky, the Soviet commander, to ignore the decoy plane because it is harmless. Nevsky, who mistrusts Bogan, instead orders his Soviet aircraft to pursue the decoy aircraft. The Russian fighters are then out of position to intercept the final American bomber. The decoy\'s feint guarantees that the remaining bomber can successfully attack. Following the failure, Nevsky collapses. As the bomber approaches Moscow, Colonel Grady opens up the radio to contact SAC to inform them that they are about to make the strike. As a last-minute measure, the Soviets fire a barrage of nuclear-tipped missiles to form a fireball in an attempt to knock the low-flying Vindicator out of the sky. The bomber shoots up two decoy missiles, which successfully leads the Soviet missiles high in the air and Colonel Grady\'s plane survives. With the radio open, the President attempts to persuade Grady that there is no war. Grady\'s son also attempts to convince him.  Understanding orders that such a late recall attempt must be a Soviet trick, Grady ignores them. Grady tells his crew that "We\'re not just walking wounded, we\'re walking dead men," due to radiation from the Soviet missiles. He intends to fly the aircraft over Moscow and detonate the bombs in the plane. His co-pilot notes, "There\'s nothing to go home to." Meanwhile, the American president has ordered another American bomber to circle over New York City with 40-megaton payload, which should be dropped in case of the bombing of Moscow. The American ambassador in Moscow reports about the final moments of the Russian capital before being evaporated from the blast. The American bomber receives an order to drop its bombs over New York City in order for the destruction of Moscow to be vindicated and a Third World War avoided. It was earlier revealed that the American President\'s wife was in New York while the events of the film transpired, meaning she would be killed in the blast. The pilot of the American bomber, General Black , commits suicide with a lethal injection before hitting the target, knowing that his oblivious wife and little daughter are also down there.'] ['Ben Garvey is a reformed criminal on parole and he lives with his wife and fathers his young daughter. One day, he unexpectedly loses his job because of his criminal records, and he turns to his ex-con brother which subsequently leads to a laboratory robbery of gold dust gone horribly wrong, and his brother killed. Ben, with his long record of robberies, is sentenced to death. He says goodbye to his wife and daughter and goes to the execution chamber. After the sentence, he wakes up from his lethal injection near a psychiatric hospital in a small Oregon town, where he is told that he has been given a second chance from God and to begin work as a groundskeeper at the local mental hospital to live on. As time goes on, and with a wife and daughter he left behind, he wonders whether he has truly cheated death or if he has become part of a far more sinister plan for him. He meets two patients, a schizophrenic named Robbie and a murderer named William. William is very unstable and attacks Ben several times. Ben notices a tattoo on William\'s forearm. While Ben is in his cabin, he encounters a dog. Ben takes the dog in and names him Dog . Meanwhile, a skin irritation starts to develop on Ben\'s own forearm. He also meets a psychiatrist named Julie with whom he starts developing a relationship. Ben wants to leave the town to go back to his wife and daughter, despite warnings from Avery, who Ben thinks is the Angel that gave him the second chance. Avery states that if Ben leaves town he will immediately die. Ben attempts to leave on a bus, despite seeing a demon but he gets off at the last stop before the town exit. The next day he sees in a newspaper that the bus crashed and everybody onboard the bus died. One night, William escapes confinement and commits suicide in front of Ben, saying that "they can\'t follow him in heaven". Ben starts looking through things he finds in his cabin as to the origins of William\'s tattoo. Similar to Robbie, he starts getting paranoid that he is being watched. One night he sees a demon and starts running through the woods. He falls and loses consciousness. When he awakens, Ezra  tells Ben that Ben is in fact a patient at the hospital. He states that Ben burned down his house by falling asleep while smoking, resulting in the deaths of his wife and daughter and driving Ben insane. Ben reacts violently but comes to accept that many of the things, including the dog, the cabin, Avery, and his relationship with Julie are just hallucinations. He manages to get back his permissions to be a groundskeeper at the hospital with Robbie. One day, he finds a frisbee in a tree which makes him suspicious because he got the frisbee stuck in a tree while playing with the seemingly hallucinated Dog. He visits the animal shelter in town and finds Dog there, who was picked up a week ago . He looks through Ezra\'s computer and looks at the patient files. He finds that both he and William had an implant in their forearm  that causes hallucinations. He removes his own implant and copies the harddrive to a flash drive. Ben goes to his cabin and finds that it is wired with a security camera. He then goes down to the basement and finds a door which he was afraid to enter before. He finds Avery at several monitors that display feeds from security cameras. He beats Avery up for making him think that he was crazy. As he is about to kill Avery with an axe he is stopped by Ezra who explains that he is running a project that is designed to change people who were on death row for the better. Ben is still angry and declares the program a failure, citing William as an example. He then simply walks away because he sent Ezra\'s harddrive to his wife and if he doesn\'t stop her then she will view the contents and release them to the press. Ezra is powerless to do anything. The movie ends with Ben going home with the Dog and meeting his wife who is overjoyed that he is still alive because she thought he was dead, and they share an embrace.{{cite news}} Reuters'] ["Darcy Palmer  is a promising young artist. On the night before her wedding, she empties her fiancé's bank account and runs to New York. On the way, she meets Brianne Dwyer , a young woman who is on her way to her first year in college. Darcy murders Brianne and assumes her identity, enrolling in college in Brianne's place. Mary Lambert directs."] ['Margaret "Marnie" Edgar  is a troubled young woman who has an unnatural fear and mistrust of men, thunderstorms, and the color red. She is also a thief. She uses her charms on Sidney Strutt  to get a job without references. Then late one night, she steals the contents of the company safe and disappears.  Mark Rutland , a widower who owns a large publishing company, is a customer of Strutt\'s. He learns about the theft from the victim, and remembers the woman. Unaware of this, Marnie applies for a job at Mark\'s company; he hires her and they begin to date. He too is robbed, but he tracks her down. He has fallen in love with her, and instead of handing her over to the police, blackmails her into marrying him. They leave on a honeymoon cruise. He finds out about her frigidity. At first, he respects her wishes, but later rapes her. The next morning, she attempts suicide by drowning in the ship\'s swimming pool, but Mark rescues her in time. Upon their return, Mark tries to discover the reason behind Marnie\'s behavior. In the end, they visit her mother, Bernice  in Baltimore, Maryland, and learn that she used to be a prostitute. When Marnie was six years old, one of Bernice\'s clients  had tried drunkenly to calm the child when she was frightened by a thunderstorm, petting her and kissing her. It seemed to Bernice that the sailor was molesting Marnie, so she attacked him. During the struggle the sailor fell on Bernice and and broke her leg. Seeing her mother struggling and in great pain, the child struck the sailor with a fireplace poker, killing him. The bloodshed led to her distrust of men and fear of the color red. Once the origin of her fears is revealed to her, she seems to decide that she wants to try to make her marriage work.'] ['Jacob Singer is a U.S. soldier deployed in the Mekong Delta during the Vietnam War. When the story begins, in 1971, helicopters are passing overhead, carrying supplies for what seems to be preparations for a Viet Cong offensive. Without any warning, Jacob\'s unit comes under heavy fire. The soldiers try to take cover but begin to exhibit strange behavior for no apparent reason. Jacob attempts to escape the unexplained insanity, only to be stabbed with a bayonet by an unseen attacker. The film then shifts back and forth from Vietnam to Jacob\'s memories  of his son Gabe and ex-wife Sarah, and to his present  relationship with a woman named Jezzie while working as a mailman in Brooklyn, New York City. During this latter period, Jacob faces several threats to his life and experiences grotesque hallucinations. It is also revealed that his son Gabe was hit by a car and killed before Jacob went to Vietnam. At a key moment, Jacob\'s friend and chiropractor, Louis, cites the 14th century Christian mystic Meister Eckhart: {{quote}} As the hallucinations become increasingly bizarre, Paul, one of his old Army friends, contacts Jacob to tell him about his hallucinations and is later killed when his car explodes. At the funeral, his surviving platoon-mates confess to Jacob they too have been seeing horrible hallucinations. Jacob is then approached by a man named Michael Newman, who claims to have been a chemist working with the Army\'s chemical warfare division in Saigon, where he worked on creating a drug that would increase aggression. The drug was code named "The Ladder" because it took people straight to their most primal urges. The drug was first tested on monkeys and then on a group of enemy POWs, with gruesome results. Later, small doses of "The Ladder" were secretly given to Jacob\'s battalion via their C-rations. Instead of targeting the enemy, however, the men in Jacob\'s unit attacked each other indiscriminately. This revelation insinuates that Jacob was stabbed by one of his fellow soldiers. The last scenes have Jacob returning to the apartment building he once lived in with Sarah. He enters and begins looking through an old shoe box, containing his memories and the pain he’s been clinging to, things like his dog tags and a picture of Gabe. Jacob then is surprised to see Gabe at the foot of the stairwell. Gabe takes Jacob by the hand and together the two of them ascend the stairwell and disappear into a bright light. At the dénouement, we learn Jacob never made it out of Vietnam; his body is shown in an Army triage tent with two surgeons just after he expired, with a now peaceful look on his face. Apparently, the entire series of events was his dying hallucination. Before the film credits, an on-screen title card states that reports of BZ testing by the U.S. Army on its soldiers during the Vietnam War were denied by the Pentagon.  {{cleanup|section|use references|dateaJfL49nuKFMC&pgPA202&dqbl&otsTQytVnWxAhB13GevpPDN-EHBxgQ&hlX&ei0CFQQ6AEwBg#v%22Wizard%20Postponed%22%20borges&f"The Ladder"st/>'] ['The film tells the story of Vincent, a middle-aged man who is laid off after having spent more than 11 years working for a prestigious consulting firm. Unable to admit to his family that he has been fired, the unemployed executive continues to pretend he is going to the office every day. In reality, Vincent spends his time aimlessly driving the highways of France and Switzerland, reading papers, or sleeping in his car. As the movie progresses, the protagonist invents more and more elaborate lies, throwing himself into a vicious spiral of deceit. To sustain his bourgeois lifestyle, Vincent sets up an investment scam and is eventually enlisted into smuggling by career thief Jean-Michel. The 132-minute long film ends when Murielle , discovering her husband\'s "life of lies," attempts to bring him back into the realm of reality. The final ambiguous scene leaves this to the viewer to decide.'] ['Minutes after he is trapped in the bathroom, Eric Matthews  escapes the shackle by breaking his foot with a toilet tank cover. Six months later, a new game is discovered by a SWAT team led by Lt. Daniel Rigg , who calls Detectives Mark Hoffman  and Allison Kerry , who is guilt-ridden over Matthews\'s disappearance, to the scene. In his test, Troy  had to rip chains from his flesh to escape from a bomb. However, the door to the room was welded shut. As the trap was inescapable, Kerry believes that it was not Jigsaw who designed it. While reviewing Troy\'s tape at home, Kerry is attacked and awakens in a harness hooked into her ribs. Though she is able to retrieve the key from a beaker of acid, the harness tears her ribs out anyway. Lynn Denlon , a depressed doctor, is abducted and brought to John Kramer , now bedridden from cancer, by Amanda Young . She is given instructions to keep John alive until the other victim, Jeff , has completed his game. A collar is locked around her neck that connects to John\'s heart rate monitor: if he dies, or if Lynn moves out of range, it will fire five shotgun shells at her head. As she begins working to keep John alive, Jeff awakens in a box in an abandoned meatpacking plant and is informed that he must undergo tests which will lead him to "the man responsible for the loss of his child". It is shown that his son Dylan  was hit and killed by a car three years earlier, which Jeff is unable to cope with. He is vengeful towards everyone involved and neglects his daughter, Corbett , as a result. Jeff\'s first test leads him into a meat freezer, where he finds Danica Scott , who refused to testify against his son\'s killer. She is naked and chained at the wrists between two poles which spray her body with ice-cold water at random intervals. Though she eventually convinces Jeff to help her, she freezes to death before he can retrieve the key. His second test leads him to a large vat, where he finds Judge Halden , who sentenced his son\'s killer to six months in prison, chained at the neck at the bottom. The pit is slowly being filled with liquefied pig corpses, but Jeff reluctantly saves him by incinerating his son\'s toys to retrieve the key. His third test leads Jeff and Halden to Timothy Young , his son\'s killer, who is strapped to a machine that will twist his limbs and neck one by one until they break. Jeff initially watches Timothy suffer, but is eventually convinced by Halden to retrieve the key from the shotgun trigger. He accidentally discharges the shotgun in the process, killing Halden, and is unable to free Timothy before his neck breaks. While Lynn performs an improvised surgery intended to relieve pressure on his brain, John hallucinates about another woman and declares his love out loud. Amanda leaves, distressed by this, and is revealed to have continued cutting herself after John became bedridden. She recalls becoming John\'s protege and assisting with the bathroom trap by abducting Adam Stanheight , who she gave a mercy killing out of guilt shortly after he was left to die. She also finds a letter in her name, its contents driving her to hysterics. As Lynn reveals to John that her ordeal has renewed her appreciation for her family, Amanda returns with the news that Jeff has completed his tests, though she refuses to release Lynn. She does not believe in John\'s modus operandi and the tests she designed, including Troy\'s and Kerry\'s, reflect this. At John\'s prompting, Amanda also reveals that she left Eric Matthews for dead after he escaped and fought with her. Amanda shoots Lynn in the back just as Jeff arrives, and he retaliates by shooting her in the neck. With great sadness, John tells Amanda that the game was hers: she was being tested on her will to keep someone alive, unaware that Jeff and Lynn were married. After she dies, John offers to call an ambulance for Lynn if Jeff accepts one final test, where he must choose between killing John and forgiving him. As Jeff says he forgives John, he slashes John\'s throat with a circular saw. The sickroom seals itself as John plays a tape recorder, which reveals that Jeff has failed by killing John, who was the only person to know Corbett\'s whereabouts. The tape ends as John dies, and the collar simultaneously activates and kills Lynn, leaving a screaming Jeff trapped with the three corpses.'] ["Alex Winkley , a young Navy sailor, wakes up from a night of drinking in New York City and finds he has a wad of cash. His memory is hazy, but he knows he got it from a woman he had visited earlier in the evening, Edna Bartelli . With the help of a dance hall girl, June Goth , he attempts to return the money, only to find out that the woman from whom he got the cash is now dead. The sailor isn't sure if he's the killer or not. Alex and June, along with a philosophical cabbie , stay up all night attempting to solve the murder mystery before the sailor has to catch a bus to the naval base in Norfolk, Virginia in the morning. Their deadline is at dawn. During the film, there are many false leads and red herrings, involving a blind piano player named Sleepy Parsons , and a young couple. Bartelli had been in the business of blackmailing men with whom she had had affairs, so there are many possible suspects. The woman's brother Val , adds a touch of menace to the plot. The surprise ending resolves all issues, including the relationship between Alex and June."] ['San Francisco Assistant District Attorney David Corelli  is called to the murder scene of prominent businessman Kyle Medford, found stabbed to death in his home by an antique hatchet. The lead detectives, Bob Hargrove  and Petey Vesko , find photographs in Medford\'s safe of Governor Lew Edwards  having sex with a prostitute, later identified as Patrice Jacinto . During questioning, Patrice reveals that she and other women were paid by Medford to have sex with wealthy men at his beach house in Pacifica. She also informs them that the most desired prostitute among the clients was a woman known only as "Jade." Corelli meets with Governor Edwards and his aide Bill Barrett , where he is warned not to make the photographs public, lest the Governor ruin Corelli\'s career. Corelli is then almost killed when his brake line is deliberately cut and his vehicle goes out of control while driving down a steep hill. The detectives find fingerprints on the hatchet belonging to Katrina Gavin , a clinical psychologist and former lover of Corelli\'s that eventually married his close friend, defense attorney Matt Gavin . When interviewed, Katrina explains Medford gave her a tour of his antique collection on the day in question, but claims to have nothing to do with his death. At Medford\'s beach house, Corelli and the detectives find various drugs, alcohol, and sex toys as well as video cameras hidden in guest bedrooms. They conclude Medford was recording the sex sessions in order to blackmail the men. Corelli is shocked to discover Katrina on one of the tapes; the revelation renews the detectives interest in her as a suspect. Patrice calls Corelli and arranges to meet him to discuss Jade\'s identity, but, prior to arriving, she is killed in a hit-and-run accident by an unknown assailant driving a black 1993 Ford Thunderbird. Corelli, witnessing the murder first-hand, chases the assailants\' vehicle, but is unable to apprehend them. The detectives discover the Gavins own a black 1993 Ford Thunderbird and initially suspect Katrina of killing Patrice, but later find the actual vehicle used in the hit-and-run incident abandoned and determine someone may be trying to frame Katrina. Katrina is again brought in for questioning and shown the sex tape but Matt, in his capacity as her attorney, ends the interrogation before she fully explains her involvement. When confronted at their home by Matt, Katrina admits she had sex with the man on the tape, due in part to her knowledge of Matt\'s many affairs. Katrina later visits Corelli at his apartment and tries unsuccessfully to seduce him, admitting she felt sexually liberated by sleeping with several men at the beach house, despite suspecting Medford of recording the sessions. Meanwhile, Justin Henderson , the only witness to identify Katrina at the Pacifica beach house, is found murdered. Corelli informs the detectives at the crime scene that Katrina couldn\'t have killed him because she and Corelli were together at the time. Corelli rushes back to his apartment where he is met by Matt, who holds him at gunpoint and angrily accuses him of also having sex with Katrina. Corelli convinces Matt of his innocence and persuades him Katrina\'s life is in danger. Back at the Gavin home, Det. Hargrove and Governor\'s aide Barrett search for the incriminating photos of the Governor and Patrice. Hargrove tries to kill Katrina when she interrupts their search, but Corelli and Matt arrive and Matt shoots and kills Hargrove to save his wife. Afterwards, Corelli meets with the Governor to assure Katrina\'s safety by leveraging his possession of the photographs. The Governor denies any knowledge of Hargrove\'s or Barrett\'s actions, but insinuates they were both acting on his behalf. As they get ready for bed, Katrina finds photographs laid out in her bathroom of her having sex with the men at the beach house. Matt admits to Katrina that he killed Medford because Medford would eventually blackmail them both. He assures her they have gotten away with the murder and then asks Katrina to "show him Jade" the next time they have sex.'] ["Guy Van Stratten, a small-time American smuggler working in Europe, is at the scene of the murder of a man named Bracco. The dying man whispers two names that he claims are very valuable, one of which is Gregory Arkadin. Using this small bit of information and lots of bluffing, Van Stratten manages to meet the apparent multi-millionaire business magnate and socialite Arkadin, and Arkadin then hires Van Stratten to research his own past, of which he claims to have no memory before 1927. Traveling across the world, Van Stratten pieces together Arkadin's past from the few remaining people who knew Arkadin as a gangster in post-World War I Europe, but in each case the individuals he speaks to end up dead. Van Stratten ultimately discovers the truth about Arkadin's past, leading to a climactic race to Spain between the two, with disastrous consequences."] ['{{Plot|section|datePrologueThe DivorceThe MurderThe InvestigationArrest and TrialEpilogue The end of the film is followed by an epilogue outlining the sentences faced by the conspirators: SHANNON JOHNSON is found guilty of perjury, and receives an eighty-day jail sentence along with two years probation. JOSHUA YANKE pleaded guilty to second-degree intentional homicide and is sentenced to eighteen years in prison. MICHAEL MALDONADO is found guilty of first-degree murder and sentenced to life in prison. He will not be eligible for parole until he has served fifty years of his sentence. DOUGLAS VEST JR. is found guilty of first-degree murder and sentenced to life in prison. He will not be eligible for parole until he has served twenty-five years of his sentence. DIANE BORCHARDT is found guilty of first-degree murder and sentenced to life in prison, and will not be eligible for parole until she has served 45 years of her sentence, by that time being no less than eighty-six years of age.'] ["The plot revolves around a 32 year old psychotherapist as he begins to suspect that the local religious cult has been murdering the town's citizens. He soon becomes sucked into a web of mysterious happenings, with the cult of the 'Bryans' being the focal point. The film uses the 'found footage' format, and claims that the film is a compilation of security footage."] [' Awaking alone in the middle of a dark forest, Kang Min sees a secluded cabin nearby and wanders towards it. Upon entering the small home, he is shocked to discover a brutal, bloody crime had taken place. A man, hacked repeatedly by a sickle, lies on the floor, dead. Min hears a noise nearby and discovers his girlfriend Su-Young, stabbed and nearly dead, stammering something about "spiders." Before he could save his loved one, Min is caught off guard by the killer who unexpectedly emerges and dashes out of the cabin. Min grabs the sickle and pursues the dark figure through the shadowy woods of the Spider Forest, only to be temporarily knocked out with a blunt blow to the face. Min, being disoriented and slightly dazed, sees the killer enter into a tunnel on a road nearby and stumbles after him. Yet upon entering the tunnel, a speeding SUV collides with Min and throws him to the ground, severely injured by the impact. As he lies on the pavement with his blood streaming across the ground, the dark figure approaches Min and stands mere inches away, as if mocking his inability to capture him. Min extends his arm, desperately trying to grab him, but in vain and he soon loses consciousness... Min wakes-up fourteen days later at a local hospital with his head heavily bandaged. His friend, a police detective named Choi, is at his bedside to both comfort and question him about the murders. Min discovers that he, in fact, is the prime suspect of the killings due to his fingerprints being on the sickle that he picked up and his relationship with the victims. Choi, wanting to believe in his friend\'s innocence, asks Min to tell him everything that had happened leading up to the brutal crime. Weaving in and out of consciousness, Min tries to reconstruct the bizarre events, but it proves to be a too difficult task. Min finds that there are some details he cannot remember, while other details he can\'t even be sure they actually happened. The boundary between dreams and reality become blurred as he tries to piece together his enigmatic past in an effort to complete a puzzle that will, hopefully, prove his innocence...'] ['{{Expand section}} A handsome young man charms his way into the household of a wealthy invalid, but her niece is suspicious of his motives.'] ["John, an eccentric music teacher, takes in Sebastian, a younger writer, ostensibly in an effort to help him, but is really attracted to him. When Sebastian starts dating a woman and it becomes serious, John starts a fight that ultimately results in Sebastian's accidental death. John then finds the manuscript of Sebastian's surprising, unpublished book and decides to publish it as his own."] ["18-year-old Louise  is stuck in a run-down girls' boarding school and can't bear the thought of being away from her lover, art teacher Matthew, during the half term break. So she stays on at school, ostensibly to do extra work for her exams. But when Matthew's wife, Veronica , who is also the school's headmistress, finds out about the affair, she is driven over the edge and stabs him. Veronica gets rid of Louise by sending her off on an errand while she hides Matthew's body. When Louise returns, she is shocked to find Matthew gone. According to Veronica, she and Matthew need a little time apart to heal their marriage. Trapped in the remote school and haunted by nightmares, Louise finds the vast Victorian building a spooky shell without the other pupils. Late one night, she is awakened by Matthew calling up to her from outside her bedroom window. Scared and excited, Louise rushes to meet him, but it is only as his arms encircle her that she realises her eyes were deceived, and with fatal consequences."] ['A wealthy woman is murdered by her twin sister, when the twin realizes that the wealthy sister had lied to the twin years earlier about being pregnant by the twin’s boyfriend in order to steal him away and marry him. The twin sister then takes over her wealthy sister’s identity. However, she soon finds herself in dire straits when her impersonation is discovered by her dead sister\'s lover and he begins to blackmail her. She simultaneously discovers that her twin had murdered her husband with the help of the lover. When the police discover this as well, the twin is arrested for the murder that her sister had committed. She is tried, found guilty, and sentenced to death. TRIVIA: One of the lines, spoken by Bette Davis: "What a Dump!!" is heard in the film. That line was originally heard in the earlier Bette Davis film: "Beyond the Forest" . The film takes place in Los Angeles, and Beverly Hills. The interior scenes took place inside inside and outside the grounds of the Greystone Mansion in Beverly Hills. The bar scene took place at the corner of Temple and Figueroa in Downtown Los Angeles. The burial scene took place inside the Rosedale Cemetery in Hollywood. {{Reflist}}'] ['On vacation, Nora Davis  arrives by plane in Rome to visit her elderly ailing aunt. Nora\'s aunt is being treated by Dr. Marcello Bassi ([[John Saxon . Nora\'s aunt passes away on the first night of Nora\'s visit and she walks to the nearby hospital to notify Dr. Bassi. On the way she is mugged and knocked out in Piazza di Spagna, and when she wakes up she dizzily witnesses the body of dead woman lying on the ground near her with a bearded man pulling a knife out of the woman\'s back. Nora reports this to the police in the hospital, who don\'t believe her when they find no evidence at all and think she\'s hallucinating for various reasons. Later at a cemetery, Nora meets a close friend of her aunt\'s, Laura Torrani , who lives in the Piazza di Spagna. Laura plans to vacation soon and allows Nora to stay in her house for the remaining time of the vacation. Nora later explores through Laura\'s closet and drawers and comes across newspaper clippings of articles on a serial killer dubbed the "Alphabet Killer" due him killing people with surnames alphabetically, with "A", "B" and "C" gone. Nora also finds that the last victim was Laura\'s sister, who she had seen in her vision. According to the reports in the paper, that murder took place ten years ago. Nora then receives a phone call saying "D is for death", and that she\'s next in line. Nora receives help from Dr. Marcello, who takes Nora on a trip to the various tourist sites in Rome to calm her down as they become more romantically interested in each other. When they return to the Craven house she receives a call that tells her to go to a particular address. Nora goes there and is guided to a vacant room. With Dr. Marcello they discover the guiding voice to be emanating from a tape recorder which warns Nora to leave Rome before it is too late. Nora and Marcello investigate and discover that the room is leased to Landini. After several unsuccessful attempts to locate Landini, Marcello and Nora go to the beach to relax. Upon their arrival back at the Craven house, they find Landini, who had been informed that they were inquiring about him. Investigative reporter Landini  has secretly been following them since he spotted her in the square. The reporter wrote about the murder story when it first broke, but believes the police with his help would actually catch the wrong person if reported. Landini\'s lack of report has made him financially in need. Nora decides to help Landini but as they tour Rome, they find no clues. Nora visits Landini\'s apartment the next day, finding clues that lead her to think that he is the murderer and she is the next victim, but this is stopped after she finds Landini, who appears to have committed suicide. The same day, Laura returns to Rome from her vacation while Nora and Marcello plan to go to America the following morning. Nora reads the daily newspaper where the body of a young woman was found, and she recognizes it as the murdered woman she saw that night. After identifying it at the morgue, Nora believes that she has witnessed the murder. Alone in the house that night, Nora notices that the study door is open. On entering, Nora sees a man rising uncomfortably from his chair. Nora recognizes him as the same man standing over the dead body of the woman from that night. He then walks towards Nora, and collapses to the floor with a knife in his back. Nora is then confronted by an enraged Laura who confesses to the killings and explains that she just stabbed her husband because of his attempts to turn her over to the police. Laura reveals that her desire to steal her sister\'s money compelled her to murder. Laura attempts to attack Nora but is suddenly shot dead by her husband through the study door. Nora finds that the bearded man in her daze actually was disposing of the body of his murdering wife. Nora then leaves Italy, happily reunited with Marcello.'] ["The quiet suburb of New Salem is being terrorized by a serial killer who abducts and tortures young women, holding them captive for weeks before murdering them. Aubrey Fleming , a pianist and aspiring writer, appears to be his latest victim when she disappears during a night out with her friends. As the days tick by, the special FBI Task Force convened to track the killer begins to lose hope of finding her before it’s too late. Late one night, a driver discovers a young woman by the side of a deserted road, disheveled and critically injured. The girl is rushed to the hospital, where Aubrey’s distraught parents, Susan  and Daniel , wait by her side as she slips in and out of consciousness. When she is finally able to speak, she shocks everyone by claiming to be a down-on-her luck stripper named Dakota Moss, who has never heard of Aubrey Fleming. Convinced Aubrey is suffering from post traumatic stress disorder, her doctors, parents, and law enforcement officials can only wait for rest and therapy to restore her memory. But after returning to her parents’ suburban home, she continues to insist she is not who they think she is, despite bearing bizarre wounds identical to those of the serial killer’s previous victims. The FBI agents are further mystified when they search Aubrey’s laptop and discover a short story about a girl with an alter ego named Dakota. When Dakota begins to suspect she may be Aubrey’s identical twin sister, Susan shows her a video of her pregnancy ultrasound clearly revealing there was only one fetus in her womb. Confused and terrified, Dakota starts seeing visions of a menacing figure slowly butchering his captive. Convinced time is running out both for Aubrey and herself, Dakota confronts Daniel with a shocking truth that leads them on a frantic hunt for the killer. Aubrey and Dakota are indeed twins, born to Virginia Sue Moss, a crack addict. Moss gave birth to them the same time the Flemings had their own child, who died in the incubator. Daniel Fleming quietly raises one as his own daughter, paying Virginia over the years by mail. Dakota finds the envelopes and attempts to find her sister, when she suffers sympathetic resonance from her twin's wounds, and is found by the highway. It turns out the two are stigmatic twins, with a psychic connection that lets them share pain, communicate, and even share experiences, which explains some of Aubrey's stories. After investigating the grave of Aubrey's recently murdered friend, Jennifer Toland , Dakota finds a blue ribbon from a piano competition, with a message from Jennifer's  piano teacher, Douglas Norquist . Dakota realizes Norquist murdered Jennifer and abducted Aubrey after they expressed intentions to quit their piano lessons, taking off their fingers, arm, and a leg in a twisted act of retribution. Dakota and Daniel confront Norquist, and Daniel dies in the process, but Dakota cuts off Norquist's hand and delivers a fatal blow to his neck. She then finds Aubrey where Norquist buried her alive and frees her. The movie ends with Aubrey and Dakota lying together on the ground, looking out into the night."] ['The story begins in 1917; Baby Jane Hudson  is a vaudevillian child star. She performs to adoring crowds and even inspires the creation of a rather expensive “Baby Jane” doll. Jane becomes a spoiled brat whose doting stage-father Ray  gives in to her every whim. Her jealous sister Blanche  watches from the wings. By 1935, the sisters\' roles have been reversed. Both are movie stars, but Blanche is the successful and glamorous one, while Jane’s films have flopped. Unable to establish her talent as an adult actress, Jane has taken to drinking. One night after a party, one of them is at the gate of her mansion while the other one, in her car, steps on the gas and smashes into the gate. It is unclear which sister is driving. In the present, Blanche  and Jane  are retired from their careers and share a residence. Blanche, crippled from the automobile accident, is usually holed up in her bedroom watching her old movies on television. Jane is a shadow of her former self, still drinking and wearing caked-on makeup. She is abusive towards her sister, who now depends on her. Except for cleaning woman Elvira  and a nosy next-door neighbor, there are few visitors. Elvira fears for Blanche’s safety because of Jane’s erratic behaviour. She even tells Blanche that her sister has been opening her mail and dumping it in the trash. Discovering that Blanche intends to sell the house and possibly put her in a sanatorium, Jane responds by increasing her abuse. Blanche’s beloved parakeet even disappears. Meanwhile, Jane gets the urge to go back into show business. In the living room, she sings her signature song from when she was a little girl, “I’ve Written a Letter to Daddy.” But when she gets a look at herself in the mirror and sees what time and age have done to her, she screams. Hearing this, Blanche presses a buzzer in her room to see what has happened. Jane responds by cursing and ripping the phone out of the wall in Blanche’s bedroom. She brings Blanche her lunch, and serves the dead parakeet in a covered dish. Blanche is so frightened she refuses to look at the food Jane brings her next. Planning a comeback, Jane places a newspaper ad for a pianist. Blanche writes a note pleading for help and throws it from a window. The neighbor, Mrs. Bates  is outside but doesn’t see it. Nor can Mrs. Bates hear Blanche, because her daughter Liza  is playing loud music. Jane returns, finds the note, and mocks Blanche, telling her that she will never leave the house. Then she drops the note in Blanche’s lap. Jane gets a response to her ad. An overweight man named Edwin Flagg  makes an appointment to see her that afternoon. Jane gives Elvira the day off and takes lunch to Blanche.  Blanche lifts the cover off the dish to find a dead rat. This sends her into hysterics. Later, Edwin shows up at the house. While Jane is showing him a scrapbook of herself, Blanche activates the buzzer. Enraged, Jane goes upstairs where she rips the buzzer apart and smacks her sister. Back in the living room, Jane rehearses with Edwin at the piano. She does a grotesque version of “Daddy.” Edwin tries to hide his horror because he realizes he can take advantage of the situation. They agree to his salary and Jane drives him home. While she’s out, Blanche discovers that Jane has practiced forging her signature and is writing checks. She tries to get down the stairs to use the telephone. When she reaches the phone, she calls Jane’s doctor and tells him that she needs help. Jane arrives back and finds Blanche talking to him. Blanche abruptly gets off the phone, and Jane beats her senseless, kicking her in the head and stomach. Disguising her voice as her sister’s, Jane picks up the phone and calls the doctor back. She tells him not to come because “Jane” has found another doctor. Then Jane drags her sister to her room, ties her up by her arms, gags her and leaves her there. The next day, Elvira arrives to work. Jane tells her that her services are no longer needed and dismisses her. Suspicious, Elvira sneaks into the house when Jane leaves. As the maid enters the room and finds Blanche bound and gagged, Jane hits her on the head with a hammer and kills her. Then she puts the body in her car and disposes of it. The police call the house and tell Jane that a relative of her maid has reported her missing. She tells them that she hasn’t seen her for a week. Jane prepares to leave with her sister, fearing the police will discover what she’s done. Suddenly, Edwin shows up to receive his first payment. Blanche is able to knock something down in her room and Edwin goes up and sees the condition she’s in. She begs for help, and Edwin runs out of the house to get the police. Desperate, Jane puts her sister in the car and drives to the beach. The next morning, the search is on for them. Elvira’s body has been found and there are bulletins on the radio. Blanche, starved and dehydrated, is lying on the sand with Jane sitting beside her. Knowing that she is near death, Blanche tells Jane the truth about what happened years before. It was she, Blanche, who had tried to run over her drunken sister. Jane, however, had moved out of the way in time and Blanche had slammed into the gate and snapped her own spine, managing to drag herself out of the car. Because Jane was too drunk to realize what happened she has since believed that she was responsible for her sister’s condition. Jane sadly asks, "You mean all this time we could have been friends?" With her mental condition completely deteriorated, Jane runs off to a beach-side concession booth to get ice-cream cones for the two of them. The police arrive to find Jane as she dances on the sand, with a crowd surrounding her. Finally she again has the attention that she’s craved, and she dances, joyfully, happy at last in her decayed imagination. The police spot a motionless Blanche lying on the sand and hurry over to help her as the film ends. Whether Blanche has survived is not revealed.'] ["Richard is mourning his wife's recent suicide while attempting to mend his relationship with his only daughter while still haunted by his recent trauma. However, Richard is caught as a witness to the inhumane brutality of Abner Solvie . Richard finds himself at the mercy of Abner, becoming his new-found protégé to further the crimes and brutality, while he is burdened by his involvement in the recent local murders. Richard is forced by the charming yet sociopath Abner who forces his mentality upon Richard who is defenseless, as he needs to protect his loved-ones. Richard must ultimately chose whether he is willing to kill in order to protect his daughter's life, while soon realizing that Abner is not the only deadly threat surrounding him."] ["Taking place in Quebec City, The Whispering City tells the story of a lawyer and a patron of the arts, Albert Frédéric, who, earlier in life, caused a murder and made it look like an accident for financial gain. Later in life, a dying woman tells a reporter the tale of how she thinks the accident was actually murder. The young American reporter, Mary Roberts, begins investigating the case, unaware that the charming lawyer may be behind it all. Meanwhile Michel Lacoste, a classical composer, who is supported by Frédéric, is having marriage troubles. Finally his wife kills herself and leaves the husband a note. Frédéric sneaks into the apartment, takes the note and convinces the man that he killed her in a drunken rage. Michel, whose night was indeed blacked out by drink, can't remember anything. The lawyer then offers the composer a deal: Kill reporter Mary Roberts in exchange for legal representation that will guarantee to get the younger man off the hook. The man, seeing no other choice, agrees reluctantly. The man and woman meet but he can't kill her. In fact, they begin to fall in love. Instead they figure out that the lawyer is the killer and set about a scheme to drive the lawyer into confessing to the crime."] ['Jenny Agutter plays Wynne, an adopted 14-year-old girl who has a crush on her 32-year-old stepbrother, George, played by Bryan Marshall. While spying on George in the bathroom, Wynne notices George has several scratches on his back, and finds a bloody sweater she made for him that he threw in the trash, which leads her to suspect George of being the serial killer of several local teenage girls, who is still at large. Despite this belief, Wynne continues to have romantic sexual fantasies about George and dreams of marrying him when she comes of legal age. Wynne hides in George\'s trade van, thinking she will catch him in the act of murdering a young girl. Instead she discovers he is having an affair with a suicidal older woman, played by Lana Morris, whose blood was on the discarded sweater from slashing her wrist in a suicide attempt. Wynne\'s best friend Corrinne, played by Clare Sutcliffe, teases Wynne about her crush on George, and when the family goes out on a picnic Corrinne even flirts with George, who gets angry at her for acting like a "pathetic little mini-tart" and pins her down roughly on the ground. Corrinne runs away from the picnic, and later telephones Wynne to tell her she\'s staying out all night with a boy she met, who turns out to be the true serial killer, a bus conductor played by Simon Ward. Wynne gets worried about her friend, goes searching for her, and finds Corrinne\'s dead body; when the bus conductor sees Wynne he intends to make her his next victim, but the police arrive on the scene in time. The theme song, also entitled "I Start Counting", was sung by Lindsey Moore.'] [" Career criminal Neil McCauley  and his crew—Chris Shiherlis , Michael Cheritto , Trejo , and new member Waingro ([[Kevin Gage —perpetrate an armored car heist, stealing $1.6 million in bearer bonds from money launderer Roger Van Zant . During the heist, Waingro impulsively kills one of the guards, forcing the crew to eliminate the remaining two guards out of necessity. An infuriated McCauley tries to kill Waingro afterwards, but he escapes. McCauley's fence Nate  sets up a meeting with Van Zant to sell the bonds back. Van Zant ostensibly agrees but instructs his men to kill McCauley as a warning to other thieves. With backup from his crew, McCauley thwarts the ambush and vows revenge. Lieutenant Vincent Hanna  of the LAPD Robbery-Homicide Division heads the investigation of the armored car heist and learns McCauley's crew plans to rob a precious metals depository next. Hanna and his unit stake out the depository, but when an officer inadvertently makes a noise, McCauley is tipped off, and the crew abandons the robbery. Despite the police surveillance, McCauley and his crew decide to go through with a bank holdup with an estimated $12 million payoff. Waingro is revealed to be a serial killer of prostitutes, with his latest victim falling under Hanna's jurisdiction. Hanna discovers that his wife Justine  is having an affair and moves to a hotel, and McCauley catches Charlene Shiherlis  cheating on Chris with Alan Marciano , a Las Vegas liquor salesman with a criminal past. Hanna deliberately intercepts McCauley during a surveillance operation and invites him to coffee, where he concedes the problems of his personal life; his concern for his depressed stepdaughter Lauren  and the failure of his third marriage due to his obsession with work. Likewise, McCauley confesses that life as a criminal forbids attachments and stresses mobility, making his relationship with his girlfriend Eady  tenuous. Having met face to face, Hanna and McCauley share a mutual respect but readily admit that neither will hesitate to kill the other if the circumstances demand it. Trejo is compromised just hours before the bank robbery. In need of a new getaway driver, McCauley recruits Donald Breeden , an ex-convict frustrated with his demoralizing position as a short order cook at a diner. Hanna's unit is alerted to the robbery in-progress by a confidential informant and surprises McCauley's crew as they exit the bank. Cherrito, Breeden, and several police officers, including Detective Bosko , are killed in the ensuing shootout. McCauley narrowly escapes with an injured Chris, who had been shot in the shoulder by Detective Cassals , and leaves him with a doctor  to treat his wounds. He tracks down Trejo, whom he finds at his home beaten to a bloody pulp. Trejo admits that Van Zant's men called in the tip on the robbery from information Waingro provided. McCauley finishes off Trejo at his own request, then hunts down and kills Van Zant. He makes new arrangements to flee to New Zealand with Eady, who is now fully aware of his criminal activities. The police surveil Waingro in a hotel near Los Angeles International Airport, and Hanna attempts to bait McCauley into coming out of hiding by releasing Waingro's whereabouts to the network of bookies, bail bondsmen, and snitches he hopes will spread the word. Charlene leaves Chris and goes with Marciano to a police safe house, where Sergeant Drucker  threatens to charge her as an accomplice and to send her son to a foster home if she does not betray Chris to the police. Charlene initially agrees, but, when Chris shows up in disguise, she surreptitiously warns him about the police presence, and he slips through the dragnet. Hanna finds Lauren unconscious in his hotel room from a suicide attempt and rushes her to the hospital. As he and Justine wait in the lobby for the news of her recovery, they admit their marriage will never work. McCauley and Eady are en route to the airport when Nate calls with Waingro's location, and the temptation proves to be too much for the normally disciplined McCauley, who risks his assured freedom by detouring to exact his revenge. McCauley infiltrates the hotel, creates a distraction by pulling a fire alarm, and kills Waingro. Moments away from escape, he is forced to abandon Eady when he spots Hanna approaching in the crowd. Hanna chases McCauley into a field outside the LAX freight terminal, and mortally wounds him. He then holds McCauley's hand as he dies."] ["Jake Livingston  has always been the man of the Livingston home since his parents divorced, that is, until his mother  started seeing Sam. Sam , an alcoholic and drug addict, introduces Jake's mother into a self-destructive lifestyle."] ["The film takes place over the course of a single evening. Tepper, played by Erik Palladino, finds a wallet on his way home from work. He contacts the owner of the wallet by telephone, and then later discovers that the wallet contains the winning ticket in a $6 million lottery. Complications arise when Tepper's friends come over for their regular poker night. One of the conditions of the game is that everyone purchase a ticket for the lottery, to be thrown into the pot. The game is played as a freezeout, with the winner collecting all the tickets and any prizes they may be worth. When the owner of the wallet, played by James Earl Jones, arrives, he realizes that the winning ticket is in the pot, and stays to play in the game."] ["Beth Raymond is terrified by the deaths of four friends, Shelley, Leann, Brian and Taylor, after they received chilling phone calls apparently from themselves in the future, showing the exact time of their deaths. After each of their deaths, a single red hard candy comes out of their mouths. In all the cases, the people who are going to die see strange apparitions shortly before being killed. Beth reports these strange occurrences to the police; however, they think she is delirious. Detective Jack Andrews believes her and together, they begin to unravel the mystery. They eventually trace the calls back to a woman named Marie Layton, who was apparently abusing her children, Ellie and Laurel. They learn that Ellie died of an asthma attack, and that Laurel is in a foster home after her mother went missing. Believing that Marie is the source behind the murders, Beth travels to the recently burned St. Luke's hospital, where Marie was last seen. She finds Marie's body there, apparently burned to death, clutching a cell phone. Marie's corpse assaults Beth while weeping. It is later revealed that Marie's spirit was actually protecting Beth, not trying to hurt her. While visiting Laurel, Andrews goes to her room and finds her teddy bear with a video disc in its back. The disc is a video of a camera Marie hid to monitor Laurel and Ellie. Ellie had cut Laurel's arm with a butcher knife. Marie had entered and realized that the abuse she has been blamed for has been Ellie all along. She then left to take Laurel to the hospital, locking Ellie in the bedroom. Ellie suffers an asthma attack and dies while dialing her mother's cell, making Marie the first real victim of the curse. Laurel tells Andrews that though Ellie hurt her, she always gave her the red hard-candies, the ones found in the mouths of all the victims. Andrews realizes that the force behind the murders is Ellie, and races to Beth. The two hear a knock on the door and as Andrews looks through the spy-hole, a knife stabs through it and kills him. Ellie's spirit appears and reaches out to strangle Beth. The spirit of Marie appears and grabs Ellie, saving Beth again. A red candy spills out of Andrews' mouth and his cell begins to dial a number on its own, revealing that Ellie's ghost is still out there, and more people will die."] ['Ten complete strangers are invited to spend the weekend in a lonely mansion on an island off the English coast. Once there, they realize that none of them know their unseen host, who has identified himself only as "Mr. Owen." Using a prerecorded gramophone, Mr. Owen accuses them each of past murders that the law was unable to punish, and promises swift retribution. Soon thereafter the first guest dies, the victim of poisoning. The remaining guests come to realize that the killer is murdering them according to the old Ten Little Niggers nursery rhyme. When their attempt to locate Mr. Owen by searching the island proves fruitless, they realize that the unknown assailant is in fact one of them.'] ['Ben  is a teenage boy who is frequently bullied at school. To escape his harsh reality, he turns to a virtual world by playing an online game, ArchLord. In the game, he is a confident and brave hero. Moreover, he collaborates his adventures with another online user known in-game as Scarlite. One day, Ben is being bullied again. During the class break, the bullies drag Ben on top of a table and pull his pants down, while classmates record the incident on their phones. With cruel remarks and teasing from his classmates, Ben becomes so humiliated and frustrated that he smashes the window with a chair. Ben is immediately sent to the headmaster\'s office, where the headmaster asks Ben to explain the incident. Ben, however, does not speak at all, leaving the issue unresolved. After that scene, it\'s revealed that Ben has been diagnosed with Asperger syndrome, a form of autism. Things gets worse for Ben as the class incident gets posted on the internet. Feeling distraught about his life in general, Ben is even ready to leave his virtual world behind, where he tells Scarlite that he is ready to "endgame". Concerned, Scarlite sends a video message to Ben X  saying that there cannot be an endgame, unless there is a healer. Scarlite then tells Ben to meet her at the train station. At the train station, Ben sees Scarlite, but does not go to her. Scarlite, assuming that Ben did not show up at all, goes to the train. Ben follows Scarlite onto the train and sits next to her, feeling nervous and excited at the same time. Just as the train approaches Brussels, Scarlite asks Ben  if he is all right. Ben does not reply and goes off, leaving Scarlite behind. Having not talked to Scarlite, Ben was contemplating suicide by jumping off the platform. As Ben was ready to jump, he is pulled back and it\'s revealed that it\'s Scarlite who did so. She later tells Ben that he can choose to either give up and take his own life or take revenge and fight, just like he would in Archlord. But, to make the decision, he needs to devise a plan. Ben  asks his parents to help. He has decided to commit suicide by jumping off the ferry. He does so, and captures the suicide on tape. Afterwards, a funeral was held for Ben, with everybody, including the bullies being present. As the funeral went on, the video then changes to Ben and his speech . In the video, the bullies are exposed  of what they have done to Ben that day of the incident. Then, to everyone\'s shock, it was revealed that Ben is alive, by his shadow seen over the video and Ben being seen from the projecting room. It turns out that Ben had chosen to take revenge on the bullies by faking his own suicide. It was revealed that as he jumped off the ferry, his parents had caught him at the lower deck, as part of the plan. Afterwards, Ben, Scarlite, his mother, and his brother are at a horse ranch in the country. The horse instructor shows Ben how to be friendly with the horse and tells him that "You must learn to feel, in order to feel good". Ben touches the horse gently, just as the instructor told him and feels happy. Ben then goes to Scarlite and talks to her. The horse instructor looks baffled, as it is revealed that Ben is actually talking to himself. Ben\'s mother then tells the horse instructor that everything is fine and Ben is happy.'] ["Martin Raikes  is a bank investigator who is sent to Monaco to check up on the shady dealings of a movie production. After the business trip, he'll then fly over to London to visit his daughter. When Martin arrives in Monaco, he is met by the film company's CFO, Lela Forin  and washed-up action star Jake Mellows . Something is rotten with the production, though, and Martin senses it. Unfortunately, he sticks his nose in a little too deep for the corrupt bankrollers' tastes, and is soon deemed a threat to them. Martin is first offered a mega-bribe, but he rejects it. As it turns out, the bankrollers are Russian mafia, led by Oleg Butraskaya . Suddenly, Martin finds himself framed for an assassination attempt, and the hostile authorities—on the payroll of the mob—want to kill him. The American authorities are also hot on his trail, investigating him for money laundering, among other false charges. As Martin sifts through the mystery, he reveals the nefarious nature of Oleg's rackets, which include illegal pornography and money laundering. Not knowing whom to trust, he turns to Lela. Soon, she, too, is marked for death, and the two go on the run, before meeting up with Jake, who joins the group. They put their minds together, desperate to find a way to clear their names and survive."] ['As the Earth passes through the tail of a rogue-comet; Rhea-M, previously inanimate objects  start to show a murderous life of their own. In a pre-title scene, a man  tries to withdraw money from an ATM, but it instead calls him an "asshole". Chaos soon begins as machines of all kinds come to life and begin assaulting humans; a drawbridge inexplicably raises during heavy traffic, resulting in multiple accidents , while a vending machine kills the coach at a Little League game by firing canned soda point-blank into his groin and then to his skull, and a pilotless steamroller flattens one of the fleeing children. The carnage spreads as humans and even pets are brutally killed by lawnmowers, chainsaws, electric hair dryers, pocket radios, and RC cars. At a roadside truck stop just outside Wilmington, North Carolina, a waitress is injured by an electric knife and arcade machines in the back room electrocute another victim. Employee and ex-convict Bill Robinson  begins to suspect something is wrong when suddenly marauding big rig trucks, led by a black semi-truck sporting a giant Green Goblin mask on its grille, run down two individuals and trap the rest of the civilians inside the truck stop\'s diner. Robinson rallies the survivors; they use a cache of firearms and M72 LAW rockets stored in a bunker hidden under the diner and destroy many of the trucks. The trucks fight back, and at one point several human fatalities result from an M274 "Mule" firing its mounted M60 machine gun into the building. The vehicles then demand, via sending Morse Code signals through their car horns, that the humans pump their diesel for them in exchange for keeping them safe; the survivors soon realize they have become enslaved by their own machines. Robinson suggests they escape to a local island just off the coast, on which no vehicles or machines are permitted. During a fueling operation, Robinson sneaks a grenade onto the Mule truck, destroying it, then leads the party out of the diner via sewer hatch to the main road. The survivors are pursued to docks by the Green Goblin truck, which manages to kill one more trucker before Robinson destroys the truck once and for all with a direct hit from a rocket shot. The survivors then sail off to safety; a title card epilogue explains that the machines are stopped with the destruction of a UFO by a Soviet "weather satellite" equipped with nuclear missiles and a laser cannon.'] ["In the evening, while returning to his place, Vincent  crosses a taxi coming from his house. When he arrives, it is too late: his wife was brutally murdered. Three years later, Vincent moves to New York, and his neighbor, Alice , is frantically in love with him, but having been always distressed and obsessed to discover the assassin of his woman, he himself does not recognize any feeling at least. To make Vincent be free to open his heart to her, Alice is willing to find the man responsible for his wife's death. When Alice hails a cab driven by lonely New Yorker Roger , her elaborated plan is slowly set into motion in spite of the ignorance of both men."] ['Michael Faraday  is a college history professor at George Washington University who has been raising his nine-year-old son, Grant , since the death of his FBI agent wife, who was killed in the line of duty in a scene loosely based on the real-life Ruby Ridge incident. Somewhat of a specialist regarding American terrorism and due to teach a class on terrorism at the university, Michael starts to become suspicious of his new suburban neighbors, Oliver  and Cheryl Lang , whom he\'s just met after taking their son, Brady , to the emergency room following a reported fireworks accident. At first his suspicions are based on little things such as Oliver\'s architectural blueprints that seem to be for something other than the shopping mall he claims he\'s building, as well as pieces of mail that contradict where Oliver said he attended college. Neither his girlfriend and former student, Brooke Wolfe , nor his wife\'s former FBI partner, Whit Carver, believe any of his wild theories. After doing some digging, Michael discovered that Oliver\'s real name is William Fenimore, and that he built a pipe bomb when he was 16. William confronts Michael over his looking into William\'s past. He reveals that Oliver Lang is the name of his friend, who died in a hunting accident. William\'s family had owned a farm but it went broke because the government \'appropriated\' the river that ran through it \'for other uses\'. As a result the crops died and they could not raise any animals. William\'s dad then killed himself and made it look like a tractor accident so the family could claim the life insurance. He left a note for William explaining everything. He built the pipe bomb to get back at the government. When William\'s friend Oliver died he took his name the next day to hide his past. This makes Michael think twice about what he had found out. Michael continues to uncover what could be possible evidence and becomes even more wary of Oliver and Cheryl. Michael\'s girlfriend, Brooke, casually spots Oliver and follows his car after witnessing a suspicious package delivery in a garage. Her trail ends up in the headquarters of a mail delivery company from where she decides to call Michael and leave a message, finally accepting his fears as founded; unfortunately, after hanging up, she turns around and stumbles on Cheryl, who had obviously heard the whole message. Brooke\'s murder, which happens off-screen, is covered up by making it look like Brooke died in a car crash. Michael realizes this after finding out, a few days later, that at least two voice messages were left in his answering machine and then erased by someone else. He tells Carver that Lang may have been involved in her death, and is going to get proof by traveling to St. Louis to talk to a terrorist\'s father, Arthur Scobee. Scobee\'s son blew up an IRS building 5 years ago, killing himself and eight children in the process. It becomes obvious that Scobee, another man who was accused of blowing up an IRS building in St. Louis , was set up. Another clue leads Faraday to suspect that his son may be in danger. Eventually the conspirators use a field trip with a Scouts-style organization to keep Faraday\'s son Grant as an unknowing hostage. Faraday rents a car the next day and follows the van his son is in, which eventually leads him to the FBI headquarters. Lang causes Faraday to crash into Lang\'s van and begins to beat him up. After getting into a fight with Oliver in an old building, he tries to help him understand that killing hundreds of people won\'t make a difference. When Oliver refuses to call off the bomb, Faraday has to stop it before it\'s too late. Faraday forces his car into a secure parking garage of a federal building, only to discover that he has followed the wrong van into the parking garage. Attempting to calm Faraday, Whit informs him that he is the only person not cleared to be in the garage. Realizing his mistake too late, Faraday rushes to the trunk of his rental car, opening it to reveal a hidden bomb just seconds before it explodes, killing Faraday, Whit, and 182 others. Posthumously, he is vilified as a terrorist seeking revenge for his wife\'s death. The Langs get away, and Grant, now orphaned, ends up living with relatives, not knowing of his father\'s innocence. After the Langs decide to move out of the neighborhood, Cheryl suggests that they should go "someplace nice, someplace safe."'] ["A killer goes into a house, killing a mother and her two children. In the process, he takes pictures on his cell phone of the attack. Elsewhere, Trisha  is babysitting a girl, Molly, while her parents are out. She needs this to go well because her last babysitting job with the Hewitts did not end on a good note. On the way to a speaking engagement, Molly's parents are killed by an off-screen attacker that they obviously knew. Meanwhile, Trisha begins getting increasingly threatening phone calls and texts. After, she puts Molly to bed, the caller escalates his taunting. He sends her pictures of the previous murders claiming he did it for her. Although she believes it is her boyfriend Matt calling her, she calls the police who inform her that they will trace the call. Matt , along with his two reckless friends Frank and Chrissy arrive saying they have been chased by cops after Frank brandished a gun at a bowling alley during an argument. They ask to stay until it is safe to leave. Matt assures Trisha that he did not make that call. Going into the basement to make out, Chrissy hears a strange noise. Frank is killed when he investigates and Chrissy is beaten unconscious when she goes to find him. Worried that Frank is getting into trouble again, Trisha has Matt find out what he is doing. When he goes to the basement, he is knocked unconscious and tied up by the killer. Watching the news of a triple murder earlier that night, Trisha realizes the pictures sent to her are real and that they are also of the Hewitts. The killer calls Trisha and informs her that she needs to check on Molly. After the police call and inform her that the calls came from inside the house, she discovers a camera in the living room. She checks on Molly and finds her dead with Richard Hewitt  in the bedroom. She tries to run from him but is quickly tripped and knocked unconscious. Awakening in the basement, Trisha discovers she is gagged and tied to a rafter, Matt tied up on the floor, Chrissy tied up and gagged on the couch, and Frank dead on the floor. Richard tortures the group and kills Chrissy before he goes upstairs to kill some investigating police officers. Richard also explains the reason for the murders, revealing he had become obsessed with Trisha after raping her one night. Using this time to free himself, Matt stuns Richard and frees Trisha. However, Matt is killed doing this. Trisha manages run out of the house and retrieves Frank's gun which he stashed in Matt's truck. She shoots Richard several times, ensuring he is dead, and then walks away from the house into the surrounding woods."] ["Susan Morrison , recently divorced from her husband Frank  who is a struggling ship builder, is getting married to a younger and wealthier Rick Barnes . Danny , Susan and Frank's 12 year old son is clearly unhappy with his mother re-marrying. The revelation that Susan and Rick are having a baby, worsens the situation. Susan asks Frank to allow Rick to go sailing with him and Danny, to help Danny bond with and accept Rick as a stepfather. After the marriage and a brief improvement in Danny and Rick's relationship, Danny begins to dislike him once again. During a game of catch between the two, Rick clearly becomes agitated with Danny's ambivalent playing style and starts criticising him harshly as well as dealing some hard throws toward Danny. After finding out about the baby, Danny stows away in Rick's Chevy Suburban, planning to drop off it en route and visit his Dad. But while inside the car, he witnesses Rick murdering mysterious stranger Ray Coleman , who earlier attended the wedding unannounced, claiming to be an ex-business associate of Rick. Danny reports the murder to Frank and the local police. Rick however, has managed to dispose of most of the evidence, and is widely considered a pillar of the local community as he has invested plenty of money in the area, whereas Danny has a history of lying and misdemeanors. Frank believes his son though because of their own close relationship and his own suspicions, stemming from Rick's notable unease around Coleman at the ceremony. Frank does some investigating of his own and unearths Rick's criminal past which now stand to put his son and ex-wife in risk. Frank learns that Rick's real name is Jack Parnell and he's a criminal who was acquitted while his partners, which included Coleman, were convicted. Jack tries to kill Frank by setting his boathouse on fire, but Frank manages to escape. Susan realizes the truth when she notes a large burn on Jack's arm, having heard about the fire at the boathouse hours earlier. Susan tries to escape with Danny but Jack knocks her out and takes Danny as a hostage. Frank arrives to confront Jack, as he tries to flee. In the ensuing fight, Jack is killed when a tied-up Danny pushes him to a fuse box, electrocuting him. We see that Susan has no serious physical injury from the conflict, although we learn she miscarries her child."] ['Freddy Gale  has been tormented for five years after the death of his daughter Emily. Once a devoted husband and father, his anguish costs him his family, happiness, and morality. Now the drunk driver who killed her, John Booth ([[David Morse , is released from prison. Freddy immediately reveals to his ex-wife Mary  his plot to kill him in revenge for taking his daughter and life away from him. John Booth is now living in a trailer outside of his parents\' house and merely plans to go on with his life, despite the fact that he is forever haunted and changed after killing Emily Gale. At night Freddy arrives at the Booth residence, armed with a pistol. He clumsily breaks into the trailer trying to shoot, but he forgot to load a magazine. John calmly tells him he won\'t call the police and will let Freddy kill him, but asks for some time to savor his freedom. Freddy is enraged but he accepts and gives John three days to live. John tries to live his life as best as he can before the third day arrives. He meets an artist named JoJo ([[Robin Wright  at a friend\'s party and he has a brief romance with her before she realizes that he can\'t let go of the mistake he made. He reveals to her that when he hit Emily Gale, he came to her side as she was dying and she apologised to him for "not having looked both ways". Freddy is now even worse off than he was before, he drinks excessively and starts sleeping with more prostitutes than usual. He even gets up in the middle of the night and goes to a club to find a hired dancer. Everyone around him, even a prostitute who truly cares for him, is shut off due to his lust for vengeance. Near the end of the film, it is the third day where Freddy will kill John. Freddy calls Mary and breaks down in tears as he tells her of a terrible nightmare he had. In the nightmare, he is driving by his daughter\'s school and stops at a crosswalk where children  wait. He sees that John Booth is the crossing guard. Freddy then sees himself run over all of the children, even Emily. They meet at a diner where they both talk about the past, how Freddy used to be a strong man until Emily was killed and how they made a good husband and wife. Though when Mary tells him he is beyond help, he angrily curses her. After Mary leaves, Freddy drunkenly starts to drive to John\'s house. John awaits in his trailer preparing himself, he stands waiting and applauding Freddy\'s imminent arrival. Freddy is however pulled over by the police; after a series of tests that he passes they begin to arrest him for drunk driving anyway. Freddy however grabs his gun and runs away. He breaks into a home and hides in a little girl\'s room. The girl guides the police away, Freddy sees his daughter in her and tells her goodnight. Freddy arrives at John\'s trailer and waits before he enters. John abruptly jumps from a corner with a rifle in hand. Freddy tells him since he is on the run, on his property, and armed, John should be able to get away with killing him. There is a standoff as they point guns at each other. John however drops his gun and runs away; Freddy follows him. After a lengthy chase across the city, Freddy catches John climbing a fence and fires at him. For a moment it looks as if John is dead, but he was only grazed and continues on. Even though he has had enough, Freddy follows him, until he realizes that John has led him to a graveyard and to Emily\'s grave. Freddy had never had the courage to visit his daughter\'s grave and John couldn\'t visit earlier when he saw Mary there. John talks silently to the grave and finally says "Your daddy\'s coming". Freddy gives John the gun and cries over the grave apologizing to his daughter. Freddy and John reconcile as the sun rises.'] ["Charlie Cox  is a divorced writer who lives in Los Angeles. Charlie and his daughter Joleen  are on their way home from a cross country vacation when they run out of gas in Banco, Nevada—a small town located in a remote part of the desert. It's the day before Joleen's 14th birthday. When they stop in the Banco Supermarket, they notice that there's no one behind the counter, but sheriff Bill Childers  is in the store. When Joleen looks at the floor behind the counter, she screams. That's because she has just seen the body of the store's owner, Ferrell Hovis, in a pool of blood. Charlie and Joleen later check a nearby gas station owned by a friendly Vietnam war veteran named Duckett , but Duckett is not expecting to have any gas delivered to the station for at least another day, so Charlie and Joleen check into the nearby Palomino Guest Ranch and Trailer Park, which is owned by an abusive landlady named Agnes Reed . Joleen soon meets Agnes's teenage son Jimmy Reed . On that night, while Agnes is taking a bath, Agnes is killed when a hand reaches in through her bathroom window and pushes a small fan into the bathtub water, electrocuting Agnes. That night, Charlie and Joleen also meet their neighbors, fellow travelers Louise  and Amy . On the next day, when Jimmy tries to rape Joleen, Joleen is rescued by Pinky Sears , another teenager who lives at the guest ranch. Later that day, Charlie and Joleen agree to car pool with Louise and Amy, and that night, as they are about to leave the guest ranch, the killer blows up the car—with Amy in it—to prevent Joleen from leaving. The killer is now obsessed with Joleen, whose diary is stolen by the killer. On the next day, when Jimmy tries to rob Duckett's gas station, Jimmy is accused not only of trying to rob the gas station, but he's also accused of the murders of Ferrell, Agnes, and Amy. Duckett goes to Pinky's trailer, where he discovers that Pinky's mother has been dead for some time, and her body is covered with bags of ice. Pinky, who is the killer, shows up and stabs Duckett with a screwdriver, and then Pinky leaves. When Joleen goes to Pinky's hideaway to hang out with him, she finds her diary, and comes to the realization that Pinky is the killer. When Duckett radios Bill's car and tells Bill and Charlie that Pinky has Joleen, Bill and Charlie head to the hideaway to find Pinky and Joleen, and at the hideaway, Pinky kills Bill. Pinky chases Joleen up to the top platform on a nearby radio tower. Charlie tries to get up on the platform, but Pinky stops Charlie by cutting Charlie's hand. Pinky says that he thought Joleen loved him. Duckett, who is sitting in a nearby vehicle with a rifle in his hands, fires a shot that causes Pinky to fall off of the tower. Pinky dies when he lands in a large satellite dish below. Later, Duckett explains about Pinky keeping his mother's body iced, and then explains what he has figured out—that Pinky started slipping over the edge before Pinky ever met Joleen. Pinky has been keeping ice on his mother's body and leaving her TV on because he didn't want to believe that she got sick and died, he really didn't want to believe she was gone. Pinky had to somehow get food for himself, so when Pinky went to the supermarket to get food, and Ferrell denied him, he killed Ferrell. Pinky had to live somewhere, so when Agnes went after Pinky, angrily demanding that Pinky pay rent that he couldn't afford, Pinky killed Agnes. Pinky became obsessed with Joleen, so when Joleen, Charlie, Amy, and Louise went to leave, Pinky blew up the car with Amy in it to stop Joleen from leaving. Charlie, Joleen, and Louise leave Banco, and they head home to California."] ['The movie starts with Edward "Eddie" Morra , standing on the rooftop of his luxury penthouse. Someone is trying to break into his apartment, as he prepares himself in tears to jump off the roof. 3 months earlier, Eddie is a New York City author struggling with writer\'s block with a deadline looming, and struggling after being dumped by his girlfriend Lindy . One day, Eddie comes across Vernon Gant , the brother of his ex-wife, Melissa Gant . Vernon, a drug dealer, offers Eddie a nootropic drug, NZT-48, claiming it allows the user to access 100% of their brain\'s capacity instead of the "usual" 20%. After some convincing, Eddie accepts the pill and arrives home. Eddie takes one dose in front of his apartment and finds the claim is true; with his heightened brain activity, he realizes that his neighbour studies law from a book that he remembered from college that he saw in her hand, and helps her write 50 pages of her report assignment. He arrives in his apartment and completes 90 pages of the book for his delighted publisher, but is concerned that he has little recollection of the time he was under the influence of the drug. Vernon makes Eddie complete mundane tasks in exchange for more of the drug; when Eddie returns to Vernon\'s apartment after one errand, he finds Vernon shot dead and the apartment ransacked. He quickly finds Vernon\'s stash of NZT-48, a small amount of cash, and a book of addresses, which he takes before the police arrive. Eddie, using NZT-48, quickly finishes the book but believes he is capable of much more with the drug. He finds the ability to identify trends in the stock market, and is able to quadruple investments on a daily basis. Seeking to grow a fortune quickly, he obtains a short term loan of $100,000 from Russian mafia thug, Gennady , which he is able to turn into $2 million in a few days at a "trading arcade"; though he knows he has drawn media attention, he is troubled by a man in a tan coat  that appears to be following him. Eddie is able to rekindle his relation with Lindy during this time. Eddie\'s success leads to a meeting with the powerful businessman, Carl Van Loon , who wants Eddie\'s advice the next day on a proposed merger with a competitor, Hank Atwood . Eddie spends the day influenced by NZT, drinking and partying heavily, and eventually coming to his senses in a hotel room with a blonde woman . Worried about having no memories of the past day, he quickly leaves, followed by the man in the tan coat. Eddie meets with Van Loon the next day, having not yet taken a look at the assignment nor a dose of NZT, but as they discuss it, Eddie realizes that Atwood may also be a NZT user based on his sudden rise in wealth. Just then, a news reports breaks that the woman Eddie was with the night before was found murdered. Worried about his sudden sicknesses, Eddie talks to Melissa, who was a former user of the drug, who explains that quitting NZT cold turkey has extreme side effects, with nausea, vomiting, headaches, which is only the beginning, and instead that Eddie should reduce his dosage slowly; even still, two years since quitting the drug has left Melissa sluggish and lazy. Eddie returns home but is accosted by Gennady, who takes his last NZT pill giving time for Eddie to get the funds to repay Gennady. Eddie tells Lindy that he had stored a stash of the drug at her apartment and asks her to bring it over; as she does, she is followed by the man in the tan coat. Eddie convinces her to take one pill, giving her heightened awareness to injure the man and escape; though she returns the stash to Eddie, she fears what he\'s become with the drug and leaves him again. Eddie works on reducing his dosage to manageable levels to avoid complete memory blackouts. He continues to build his wealth, hires bodyguards to protect him, and pays a laboratory to try to reverse engineer NZT. Also, the Russian mobster found out about the drug and now he is blackmailing Eddie to get the drug. Eddie aids Van Loon in the merger deal, who promises Eddie $40 million if the deal goes through. Meanwhile, Eddie is marked as a suspect in the murder case; he hires a top attorney Morris Brandt  to help defend him. Worried for his safety, Eddie buys a highly secured penthouse safehouse. On the day of signing the merger, Atwood\'s wife shows up instead and announces that Atwood had fallen into a coma, though confides that Atwood still wants the deal to go through. As Eddie and Van Loon escort her back to her car, Eddie recognizes the driver as the man in the tan coat, and realizes that Atwood was trying to get his stash of NZT from Eddie. Later, Eddie is required to participate in a line-up for the murder, while Brandt holds his custom-made jacket. Eddie is not recognized by the witness and is let off as a suspect, but later he discovers that the stash of his NZT in his jacket has gone missing. He realizes that Brandt took the stash from his coat when he sees him on television as Atwood\'s attorney. As Eddie starts withdrawals in his safehouse, Gennady and his henchmen try to break in looking for more NZT. Eddie contemplates jumping to end it all , but remembers he may have one more pill. He finds it just as the Russians break in, causing him to drop the pill into a grate. Gennady demonstrates that he has found a way to take NZT directly by injecting a solution of it into his blood by a syringe, and he started an import-export business. Eddie uses the moment and attacks Gennady, killing him with a kitchen knife. Desperately needing NZT, but with no pills to hand, Eddie resorts to drinking Gennady\'s blood to successfully regain his enhanced faculties. One of the henchman returns to find him and the corpse, but Eddie blinds the Russians\' eyes by using a syringe needle as a blowdart. He then tricks the blinded goon into killing his sidekick by impersonating the second henchman , before eventually killing the blinded Russian. Later, learning that Atwood died, Eddie convinces the man in the tan coat of Brandt\'s deception, and the two recover Eddie\'s stash of NZT from Brandt\'s residence. A year later, Eddie has remained wealthy, his book has hit the market, and he is running for the United States Senate. Van Loon visits him, initially as a friend, but soon reveals he has bought the company that made NZT and closed down the laboratory Eddie had hired to make it, seeking to provide Eddie with an unlimited supply in exchange for political favors to escape from the law. Eddie surprises Van Loon by revealing that he has been several steps ahead; not only had he hired multiple laboratories to work on NZT, but he himself has been able to wean himself off the drug while retaining his acute mental abilities. He recognizes that Van Loon has a terminal heart condition and will die soon, and he escorts him back in his car. Later on, Eddie meets with Lindy in a Chinese restaurant. He orders his meal speaking Mandarin with the waiter. Eddie realizes that Lindy is staring at him. "What?" he asks. Then the credits roll.'] ['Chapman University hosts a televised interview with psychologist Dr. Abigail Tyler . She tells a story of a close encounter incident at Nome, Alaska, in October 2000. In August 2000, Tyler\'s husband, Will, is mysteriously murdered one night in his sleep, leaving her to raise their two children, Ashley  and Ronnie . Tyler tapes hypnotherapy sessions with three different patients, all of whom have the same experience: every night they see a white owl staring at them through their windows. Tyler puts two of the three patients under hypnosis, and while under, both patients recount similar terrifying stories of creatures attempting to enter their homes. Tommy Fisher , her first patient to go under hypnosis, returns home, kills his family and commits suicide. After hearing the similarities in the accounts of nightly occurrences, Abbey suspects these patients may have been victims of a non-human kidnapping. There is evidence that she herself may have been abducted when an assistant of hers gives her a tape recorder, the tape plays her voice and then there is the sound of something entering her home and attacking her. The attacker speaks in an unknown language. Abbey, though, has no memory of it. Dr. Abel Campos , a psychologist from Anchorage and Tyler\'s colleague, is suspicious of the claims. Later, Tyler calls upon Dr. Odusami , a specialist in ancient languages who was a contact of her late husband, to identify the mysterious language that is spoken during the supposed abductions. Odusami identifies the language as Sumerian. Later, Tyler\'s daughter, Ashley, is abducted and Sheriff August , not believing in her abduction theory, accuses her of her daughter\'s disappearance and remove Ronnie from her custody. Ronnie, though, goes with them willingly, not believing the alien abduction theory either. Tyler undergoes hypnosis in an attempt to make contact with these beings and reunite with her daughter. Campos and Odusami videotape the session, and once hypnotized, it is revealed that Tyler witnessed the abduction of her daughter and also shows scenes of her own abduction, showing part of the abductors ship and it is hinted that they possibly took some human egg cells from Abbey as well. the camera scrambles, and Abbey begs to the alien that abducted Ashley to return her, the creature replies, saying that its own child was never returned to it and then calls its self the savoir, then the father and finally ends with "i am...God" . when the encounter ends Campos and Odusami rush over to the now unconscious Abbey and then they notice something out of camera\'s view, the camera scrambles again, and a volatile voice yells "Zimabu Eter!" which supposedly translates to "Spirit from whom you cannot be saved" in English. When the camera unscrambles it shows that all three of them are gone. The film cuts to an interview with Tyler in which she explains that all three were abducted during that hypnosis session and none have memory of what happened. The film returns to the aftermath of Abbey\'s hypnosis session. She wakes up in a hospital after breaking her neck in the abduction. There, Sheriff August reveals that Will had actually committed suicide, showing that Abbey\'s belief that he was murdered was merely a delusion. Later it is shown that Abbey is paralyzed, presumably due to her neck injury. The film then returns to the present interview, where the Interviewer asks Abbey how they, he and the viewers, can believe her if most of what she thought was only in her mind, Abbey tearfully tells him that she has to believe that Ashley is still alive, the interviewer ends the interview as Abbey breaks down in tears. In the film\'s epilogue, it states that Abbey was cleared of all charges against her, leaves Alaska for the East Coast, but still continues to search for Ashley. Campos remains a psychologist and Odusami becomes a professor at a Canadian university. Both men, as well as Sheriff August refuse to be involved with the interview, while Abbey\'s son Ronnie remains estranged from Abbey and still blames her for Ashley\'s disappearance. However, Ashley is never found. The TV host then leaves the conclusions up to the viewer. During the credits, audio recordings of people recounting UFO sightings begin to play.'] ['The plot revolves around the crisis of faith suffered by Father Merrin following the horrific events he witnessed during World War II. Many years before the events in The Exorcist, the young Father Lankester Merrin  travels to East Africa. Merrin has taken a sabbatical from the Church and devoted himself to history and archaeology as he struggles with his shattered faith. He is haunted especially by an incident in a small village in occupied Holland during World War II, where he served as parish priest. Near the end of the war, a sadistic Nazi SS commander, in retaliation for the murder of a German trooper, forces Merrin to participate in arbitrary executions in order to save a full village from slaughter. After WWII, Merrin is an archaeologist in Cairo, when he is approached by a collector of antiquities who asks him to come to a British excavation in the Turkana region of Kenya. This dig is excavating a Christian Byzantine church from about circa 500 A.D. — long before Christianity had reached that region of Africa. Merrin is asked by the collector to recover an ancient relic of a demon before the British can find it. Merrin agrees and travels to the dig site. He is joined by Father Francis, a Vatican scholar who was on his way to do missionary work in East Africa but is diverted by the Vatican to ensure that the church is not desecrated. Upon arriving at the dig, Merrin meets Major Granville, the British military officer in charge of the dig. Merrin also meets the chief excavator, a brutish man with visible boils on his face. And he meets Sarah, a doctor who spent time in a concentration camp during WWII and is haunted by what happened to her there. Merrin\'s translator and guide is Chuma. In addition, Merrin learns that the diggers are disappearing or leaving in droves because the local tribemen fear the church is cursed. Merrin witnesses a digger inexplicably experience a seizure. Merrin visits the dig site, although only the dome is uncovered, with the rest of the church buried beneath the earth. Merrin discovers that the church is in perfect condition, as though it had been buried immediately after the construction was completed. Merrin, Francis, and Chuma enter the church through the dome. They find it is near pristine condition, but there are two oddities. First, all of the statues of the angels holding weapons are pointing the spears downward, whereas it is convention for statues of angels not to have weapons or for them to be pointed triumphantly to heaven. Merrin and Francis deduce the sculptors were trying to depict the angels restraining something that was beneath the church. The second disturbing discovery is that someone has vandalized the church by ripping the enormous crucifix from its place on the altar and suspending it with Christ on the cross in an upside position, which is considered a desecration. Merrin is determined to learn more about the archeological dig and asks to consult with the lead archeologist, Monsieur Bession. Merrin is told by Sarah that Bession went insane three weeks earlier and was transferred to a mental hospital in Nairobi. Merrin visits Bession\'s tent at the dig site and sees dozens of drawings of the same thing, the demon artifact that Merrin was asked to find by the collector. Merrin then travels to Nairobi to visit Bession. But when he enters Bession\'s room, he discovers Bession has carved a swastika on his chest and is speaking through demonic possession in the voice of the sadistic SS commander who tormented Merrin during the war. As Merrin registers these events, Bession slashes his own throat after saying he was "free." Father Gionetti, warden of the asylum, speculates that Bession was not possessed but rather "touched" by a demon, which drove him mad and eventually to suicide. Merrin is very skeptical, but before he returns to the dig site, Father Gionetti gives him the volume of Roman rituals to use in exorcism, although Merrin claims he will never use them. Upon returning to the village, strange events continue. A local boy is attacked and killed by hyenas that seem to continuously stalk the dig, night and day. His younger brother, Joseph, enters a fugue state after watching his brother ripped to pieces. Merrin begins to suspect that something evil lies in the church and is infecting the region. There are stories of an epidemic that wiped out an entire village. However, when Merrin, growing suspicious of these rumors, digs up one of the graves of the supposed victims of this plague, he discovers it is empty. Meanwhile, the evil grows, turning people against each other and resulting in violence, atrocities, and more bloodshed. Father Francis reveals to Merrin that the builders of the church never meant it to be recorded in Vatican documents, however, a vague reference to it was recorded, leading to its subsequent discoveries in the 19th and 20th centuries. Francis also reveals that the church stands on the supposed site where Satan fell to earth after the war in heaven, and it was constructed by early Christians in an attempt to purify the evil that resides there. Beneath the church lies the ruins of an even older temple — but not a Christian one. Rather, in the ruins under the church, Merrin and his allies find demonic icons, and other signs of evil and Satanism. This land is where he first encounters the demon that calls itself Pazuzu, which he will encounter again in The Exorcist. This is the demon that "brushed" Bession  and Joseph . At the end of the movie, the dig\'s doctor, Sarah, turns out to be the possessed individual and has the demon exorcised from her in the tunnels below the church but dies. Dr. Merrin and Joseph emerge from the church,  and history has repeated itself. 50  years ago, everyone at the site was killed by an evil presence from the church, except for one priest. Now, only Father Merrin and the little boy are left as the British soldiers and the local tribes have annihilated each other. Merrin returns to Rome and meets with the collector at a cafe, explaining he was unable to find the relic, the collector replies, "But you found something....Didn\'t you?"... As he leaves, Merrin is revealed to be wearing a collar and is now a priest again, having regained his faith in God, after defeating the demon with holy exorcism rituals.'] ['The film begins with the point-of-view of someone wandering through the streets of Georgetown, a voice informing us "I have dreams... of a rose... and of falling down a long flight of stairs." The point of view shows a warning of evil about to arrive later that night at a church. Demonic growls are heard, leaves and other street trash suddenly come flying into the church as a crucifix comes to life. It then cuts to Lieutenant William F. Kinderman  at a crime scene, where a 12-year-old boy named Thomas Kintry has been murdered. Kinderman takes his friend, a priest named Father Dyer , out to see their mutually favorite film It\'s a Wonderful Life. Kinderman later relates the gruesome details of the murder of the young boy he was investigating that morning, including his crucifixion. Another murder soon takes place; a priest found decapitated in a church. Dyer is shortly hospitalized and found murdered the next day, with the words "IT\'S A WONDERFULL LIFE" written on a wall in Dyer\'s blood. At each murder scene, the fingerprints at the crime scenes do not match up, indicating a different person was responsible for each. Kinderman tells hospital staff the reason for his unease; fifteen years ago the vicious serial killer, "The Gemini" , was executed; with every victim he cut off the right index finger and carved the Zodiac sign of Gemini into the palm of their left hand. Kinderman noticed the hands of the three new victims and verified that the Gemini\'s sign has been there. The Gemini Killer also always used an extra "L" in his notes sent to the media, such as "usefull" or "carefull". Furthermore, to filter out false confessions, the original Gemini Killer\'s true mutilations were kept a secret by the Richmond police\'s homicide department; the newspapers were made to wrongfully report that the left middle finger was severed and that the Gemini sign was carved on the back of the victim. Kinderman visits the head of the psychiatric ward, Dr. Temple ([[Scott Wilson , who relates the history of a man in Cell 11, that he was found wandering aimlessly fifteen years ago with amnesia. The man was locked up, catatonic up until recently when he began to be violent and claim to be the Gemini Killer. Kinderman sees that the patient resembles his dead friend, Father Damien Karras ([[Jason Miller . However the patient brags of being the Gemini Killer, expressing ignorance over who Father Karras is, and boasts of killing Father Dyer. The next morning, a nurse and Dr. Temple are found dead. Kinderman returns to see the patient in Cell 11, who claims to be the Gemini Killer\'s spirit, revealing that after his execution his soul entered Karras\'s dying body. The demon Pazuzu who had possessed the girl Regan MacNeil, was furious at being pushed out of the child\'s body and is exacting its revenge by putting the soul of the Gemini Killer into the body of Father Karras. Each evening, the soul of the Gemini leaves the body of Karras and possesses the elderly people with senile dementia elsewhere in the hospital and uses them to commit the murders. The Gemini Killer also reveals to have forced Dr. Temple to bring Kinderman to him or he would suffer in unspeakable ways - Temple believed his apparent bluff, however, he couldn\'t take the pressure, and so he committed suicide. The Gemini possesses an old woman who makes a failed attempt to murder Julie, Kinderman\'s daughter. The possessed patient attacks Kinderman, but the attack abruptly ends when a priest, Father Paul Morning , enters the corridor leading to cell 11 and attempts an exorcism on the patient. It goes wrong when Pazuzu intervenes, taking over the patient\'s body, and the priest is all but slain. Kinderman arrives in time and attempts to euthanise Karras after finding the body of the priest, only to be hurled into the wall by the possessed Karras. Father Morning manages to briefly regain consciousness and tells Karras "Damien. Fight him." Karras regains his free will briefly and cries to Kinderman "Bill, now, shoot now, kill me now--!" Kinderman fires his revolver several times hitting Karras in the chest, fatally wounding him. The Gemini is now gone and Karras is finally free. With weak breaths he says "We won Bill, now free me." Kinderman puts his revolver against Karras\' head and fires. The film ends with Karras receiving a proper funeral.'] ['Nathan Del Amico  is a career-driven New York lawyer who has neglected his wife  and daughter as a result of his professional success and increasing obsession with his work. He meets Joseph Kay , a doctor who claims that he can foresee other people\'s deaths, and that he is a "messenger" sent to help Nathan put his life in order before he dies.'] ['Kenneth Winslow is an extremely shy but knowledgeable technical writer who orders a sex-doll. He develops a relationship with "Nikki," to the point of talking and even arguing with her. Kenneth begins to display bizarre behavior, and starts to feel stalked by Nikki. Their relationship evolves into a love-hate situation, and at one point even beats the doll. At work, Kenneth meets Lisa , a temp, with whom he begins to develop a relationship. Kenneth encourages Lisa to resemble Nikki by cutting her hair the way Nikki has it and wearing the same clothes Nikki has. As his imagined relationship with Nikki becomes more sinister and dominating, Kenneth resorts to cutting up and disposing of the doll. Lisa eventually becomes aware of Nikki\'s existence, and promptly breaks up with Kenneth. Later, a bound and gagged Lisa is discovered by Kenneth\'s landlord, and Kenneth bludgeons him with a hammer. Kenneth then begins to transform Lisa into the doll. He dresses her up in Nikki\'s clothes, straps her down, and begins to replace her blood with embalming fluid . Lisa manages to escape from her restraints and attacks Kenneth with a small statue, rendering him unconscious. At this point the police arrive, and when they see Lisa over the unconscious Kenneth they shoot her. Lisa, wearing Nikki\'s clothes, falls dead in the crate Nikki came in, thus completing her transformation. Kenneth is believed to be Lisa\'s victim, and is not charged with a crime. Much later, he re-orders another Nikki. While buying flowers for Nikki, he notices the attractive brunette at the floral shop. The viewer is left to assume the Kenneth\'s obsessive love triangle cycle will start all over again.'] ['{{Plot}} In the small town of Pontypool, Ontario, former shock jock turned radio announcer Grant Mazzy drives through a blizzard on his way to work. When poor visibility forces him to stop his car, an underdressed woman appears on the road, startling him. Grant calls out to her, but she disappears into the storm, ominously repeating his words and visibly disturbing him. Grant eventually arrives at the radio station, where he works with technical assistant Laurel-Ann Drummond and station manager Sydney Briar. As the morning proceeds, Grant\'s on-air persona irritates Sydney. They get a report from their helicopter reporter Ken Loney  about a possible riot at the office of Doctor Mendez. He describes a scene of chaos and carnage that results in numerous deaths. After Ken is unexpectedly cut off, the group tries to confirm his report, but their witnesses are disconnected before they can put them on the airwaves. Ken calls back and reports that he has found the "infected" son of a well-known citizen nearby, mumbling to himself. Before Ken can hear what the son is saying, the call is again cut off, this time by a startling transmission of garbled French. The transmission is an instruction to remain indoors, not to use terms of endearment, phrases that conflict, or the English language. Pontypool is declared to be under quarantine. Ken then manages to call back, this time close enough for Grant and the women to hear the infected son\'s mumbling, which is nothing but "Mommy" in a child\'s voice. In confusion and disbelief, Grant tries to leave the station, but a horde of people attack, and Grant, Sydney, and Laurel-Ann lock themselves in. Meanwhile, Laurel-Ann begins demonstrating erratic behavior. She fixates on the word "miss," repeating it over and over, then imitates the sound of a boiling kettle. Dr. Mendez enters the studio and Grant, Sydney, and Mendez lock themselves in Grant\'s soundproof booth. Mendez explains his theory: somehow a virus has found its way into human language, infecting certain words, and only certain words infect certain people. Once these infected words are said and understood, the virus takes hold of the host. As he explains, Laurel-Ann repeatedly slams against the sound booth\'s window, chewing off her lower lip and splattering blood with each attack. Ken calls in again and, while on the air, he also succumbs to the apparent virus, repeating the word "sample." Soon, Dr. Mendez begins to repeat the word "breathe" but immediately begins speaking in Armenian, which stifles, but not eliminates, the symptoms. Outside the booth, Laurel-Ann opens her mouth and vomits a large amount of blood and gore before falling down, dead. Mendez suspects this has happened since Laurel-Ann failed to pass the infection on to a new host. The horde then breaks into the radio station, attacking the sound booth. Sydney records a loop of Grant saying "Sydney Briar is alive" and plays it over the station\'s outdoor loudspeaker as a diversion to lead the mob away. Mendez surmises that it is only the English language that was affected by the virus. Grant and Sydney, speaking in French, leave him alone in the booth. They are nearly killed when the recording fails and the mob returns, but Mendez successfully lures them away from the studio. Feeling guilty for killing an infected young girl, Sydney begins to succumb to the word "kill". Grant then attempts to "disinfect" Sydney by convincing her that the word "kill" now means "kiss". He urges her to repeat "Kill is kiss" over and over again, and her symptoms subside. She tells Grant to "kill" her--he then proceeds to kiss her. Armed with knowledge on how to stop the virus, the pair go on the air, spouting a series of non-contradicting and confusing phrases to help their infected listeners, ignoring warnings from the authorities who are trying to get them off the air. While an amplified voice from outside counts down from ten, Sydney joins Grant in the booth and they kiss once again. As the countdown finishes, the screen goes dark and the credits roll. Audio vox pops and broadcasts play over the credits, reporting further outbreaks of the virus, suggesting that the quarantine failed. A BBC radio news anchor, speaking over the credits, begins to repeat his words. After the credits, the scene shifts to a radically different view: a stylized black-and-white version of Grant and Sydney in what looks like a far-eastern atmosphere. As Grant describes his plan to "get out of here", the picture gradually shifts into color.'] ["{{expand section}} in the same fashion as he did with the kids' parents' car, the car runs over a cliff. The loan shark thug is killed, but Terry survives, although heavily wounded. Meanwhile, the children are being driven in a police car. The policeman stops at the scene of the accident and is knocked out by Terry when investigating. After climbing back up the embankment, armed with a gun, Terry tries to lure Ruby and Rhett towards him. Ruby hits Terry with the police car, killing him instantly. In the end, Ruby and Rhett end up living with their uncle Jack who takes them to Chicago where they visit the grave of their parents."] ['Two schoolboys are playing with a model plane on an abandoned military base in the English countryside. They are approached by two RAF personnel who rebuke them for trespassing, and take them to see their commanding officer. It soon becomes apparent that they are not really in the military and the two boys are kidnapped. In London a British intelligence officer, Major Tarrant, is engaged in an undercover operation to try to infiltrate a gang of arms smugglers – who are selling weapons to terrorists in Northern Ireland. He makes an initial approach with Celia Burrows, a member of the organisation. He arranges to come back the next week to meet her boss. He then heads to a large country house, where the head of MI6 Sir Edward Julyan lives, and makes a report about his operation to Julyan and his direct superior, Cedric Harper. While he is there he receives a telephone call from his wife – who tells him their son David has been taken and she has received a strange phone call. Tarrant reacts calmly, revealing to his superiors only that he has a family problem, and is given permission to leave. Tarrant goes to his wife\'s home in time to receive a second call from a man identifying himself as Drabble. Drabble demonstrates he knows exactly who Tarrant is and what jobs he does. He instructs him to get Harper to answer the next phone call – making it clear he has Tarrant\'s son David and is prepared to torture him. Tarrant goes to Harper, and informs him of the situation. Harper agrees to take the phone call and begins to put a surveillance operation into motion – to discover the identity of Drabble. When Drabble gets in touch, he demands that Harper give him £500,000 in uncut diamonds and make a rendezvous in Paris. Harper had recently acquired that exact amount of diamonds to fund another operation he has planned. Harper deduces that Drabble must be acting with information supplied by a member of British intelligence. He immediately begins to suspect Tarrant of staging the kidnapping, and has him placed under observation. Tarrant, meanwhile, has to assign his arms-smuggling case to another officer. The Drabble gang have placed incriminating evidence into Tarrant\'s flat, which appears to show a relationship with Celia Burrows, and this is found by Scotland Yard officers conducting a search. This further fuels Harper\'s belief that Tarrant has in fact arranged the entire kidnapping himself. Harper meets with Tarrant in his office and tells him that he cannot allow the ransom to be met, as the British government does not negotiate with terrorists. Tarrant seemingly accepts this, but when Harper has departed, he breaks into his office and impersonates Harper on a secure telephone – arranging to have the diamonds made available. He then takes them to Paris to make the rendezvous – giving the slip to the tail Harper has placed on him. In Paris he is met by Celia Burrows at the rendezvous. She takes him to a building where it is claimed Tarrant\'s son is being held. It soon becomes apparent to Tarrant that Drabble has not got his son there. Instead Drabble makes a cryptic reference to a place in Southern England where there is a view of two windmills. Once he has got the diamonds the ruthless Drabble murders Celia Burrows, and leaves an unconscious Tarrant lying beside the corpse. Tarrant is arrested by the French police - and handed over to Harper and British intelligence. A rescue is then staged by Drabble gang, freeing Tarrant from Harper\'s custody, but then trying to murder him. Tarrant manages to escape and head back to England. He realises that Drabble meant to try to silence him for good – therefore protecting whoever in British intelligence was supplying him from information. Tarrant then attempts to flush out the traitor, by pretending to be Drabble and arranging a rendezvous at the two windmills with various senior British officers which he now knows to be the Clayton Windmills near Brighton. The man who comes to the rendezvous is Sir Edward Julyan who is ambushed by Tarrant. Under duress he admits that he arranged the whole thing as he urgently needed large amounts of money to enjoy a comfortable retirement with his free-spending wife. He tries to get Tarrant to accept half the value of the diamonds, but he refuses – and instead demands to know the whereabouts of his son. Julyan tells him that he is being held in the black windmill by Drabble. Tarrant then storms the windmill and rescues his son, killing Drabble and his henchman. He carries David out of the windmill and along the road singing "Underneath the spreading chestnut tree" to him.'] ["The film starts with Carla, her sister and her boyfriend on a road trip in the cliffs. After a freak accident when Carla's sister falls from a cliff, Carla develops a fear of heights. In an effort to overcome her phobia she joins a support group, but when the other members of the group begin dying one by one, Carla begins to suspect she was the real target of the accident."] ['{{Plot}} Tom Ripley is a young man struggling to make a living in 1950s New York City using his "talents" &mdash; forgery, lying and impersonation. While working at a party, playing the piano in a borrowed Princeton jacket, he is approached by the wealthy shipbuilder Herbert Greenleaf, who believes Ripley to be an actual graduate of the university and a friend of his son, Dickie. Herbert recruits Ripley to travel to Italy to persuade Dickie to return home to the United States, for which he will pay Ripley $1000. Ripley accepts the proposal, though he did not attend Princeton and has never met Dickie. Shortly after his arrival in Italy, Ripley contrives an "accidental" meeting on the beach with Dickie and his girlfriend, Marge Sherwood, and quickly insinuates himself into their lives. On one of their outings together, Dickie and Ripley meet Dickie\'s friend Freddie Miles, who treats Ripley with barely concealed contempt. Things begin to change after a local girl, whom Dickie had made pregnant, drowns herself when he refuses to help her financially. Soon afterward, Dickie begins to tire of his new friend, resenting his constant presence and suffocating dependence, especially after surmising that Ripley has been lying about their days together at Princeton. Ripley\'s own feelings are complicated by his desire to maintain the opulent lifestyle Dickie has afforded him, and by his growing sexual obsession with his new friend. As a gesture to Ripley, Dickie agrees to travel with him on a short holiday to San Remo. The two hire a small boat and head out to sea together. Dickie lashes out when Ripley confronts him about his behavior and his sexual feelings towards him, and a fight ensues in which Ripley strikes Dickie with an oar in a fit of rage. Dickie attacks him, and Ripley beats him to death with the oar. To conceal his crime, he scuttles the boat, with Dickie\'s body still on board, before swimming to shore. When the hotel concierge mistakes him for Dickie, Ripley suddenly realizes he can assume Dickie\'s identity. He forges Dickie\'s signature, modifies his passport, and begins living off his allowance. He uses Dickie\'s typewriter to communicate with Marge and makes her believe that Dickie has deserted her. He even checks into two separate hotels as himself and as Dickie and passes messages between "them" via the hotel staff, thus providing the illusion that Dickie is still alive. Ripley rents an expensive apartment in Rome and spends a lonely Christmas buying expensive presents for himself. Freddie visits what he assumes to be Dickie\'s apartment, and is immediately suspicious of Ripley; the apartment is not furnished in what he considers to be Dickie\'s style, while Ripley appears to have copied Dickie\'s dress and manner perfectly. On his way out, Freddie meets the landlady, who refers to Ripley as "Signor Greenleaf." Freddie, realizing the mystery has been solved, goes back to confront Ripley, who ambushes and then murders him. Over the next few weeks, Ripley\'s existence becomes a "cat-and-mouse" game with the police and Dickie\'s friends. His predicament is complicated by the presence of Meredith Logue, an heiress he met upon his arrival in Italy and to whom he introduced himself as Dickie Greenleaf before he had met Dickie. Ripley forges a suicide note in Dickie\'s name and moves to Venice. In quick succession, Marge, Herbert, and an American private detective, Alvin MacCarron, confront Ripley. Marge, in particular, suspects Ripley\'s involvement in Dickie\'s death; when she expresses her suspicions, Ripley prepares to murder her. He is interrupted when Marge\'s friend, Peter Smith-Kingsley, enters the apartment. The private detective reveals that Mr. Greenleaf has decided to give Ripley a substantial portion of Dickie\'s income, with the understanding that certain sordid details about his son\'s past, such as a vicious assault on a male student at Princeton, Dickie\'s having impregnated the Italian girl, and Dickie\'s having been seen driving off with Freddie on the last night Freddie was seen alive and removing that car\'s license plates  not be revealed to the Italian police. Ripley goes on a cruise with Smith-Kingsley, now his lover, only to discover that Meredith is also on board. Ripley realizes it will be impossible to keep Smith-Kingsley from discovering that he has been passing himself off as Dickie, since Smith-Kingsley and Meredith know each other and would certainly exchange words later on the cruise. He cannot solve this dilemma by murdering Meredith, as she is traveling with family who would quickly notice her disappearance. The film concludes with a sobbing Ripley strangling Smith-Kingsley in the latter\'s bed and going back to his cabin, alone.'] ["Learning of her mother's serious illness, Isabel  returns to her family's farm on the Gaspé Peninsula. Her mother dies before she can get there, and when her aged uncle Matthew  asks her to stay on and help him with the farm, she reluctantly agrees. She finds herself haunted by memories of early years  in a house full of eerie sights and sounds."] ["Newly released from a mental hospital, Jessica , accompanied by her husband  and a friend , retreats to a Victorian farmhouse in an isolated part of rural Connecticut. The trio finds Emily , an enigmatic hippie, living in the house. Almost immediately, Jessica feels a resurgence of her madness. Increasing evidence suggests that Emily and all the other inhabitants of the island are ghosts and/or vampires pursuing Jessica and her companions. However, viewers are never sure whether the bizarre occurrences are real or only in Jessica's mind."] ["The film takes place in a small Pennsylvania town in 1973, and tells the story of a young boy  and his family  as they are terrorized by an unseen presence in the surrounding fields.Cloris Leachman and [[Tara Reid] star in 'The Fields'] As a young boy, Steven finds himself dealing with a very difficult home life, as his parents are constantly at odds. As a result of the deteriorating marriage, Steven spends a lot of time with his grandparents on their farm, where, soon after his arrival, an unseen presence begins terrorizing them while using the massive cornfields surrounding the house to remain hidden."] ["Manhattan psychiatrist Dr. Sam Rice  is visited by glamorous, enigmatic Brooke Reynolds , who works at Crispin's - an art auction house apparently modeled after Christie's. Brooke was having an affair with one of Rice's patients, George Bynum , who has just been murdered. Brooke asks the doctor to return a watch to Bynum's wife and not reveal the affair. Rice is visited by NYPD Detective Vitucci  but refuses to give any information on Bynum, a patient for two years. After the police warn him that he could become a target because the killer may believe he knows something, Rice reviews the case files detailing Bynum's affairs with various women at Crispin's, including Brooke. Bynum had also expressed concern, claiming a wealthy friend had once killed someone, and Bynum was the only person who knew about this. He wondered if this friend might kill again. The police believe Bynum's killer is a woman. Rice gradually falls for Brooke but believes he is being followed. He is mugged by someone who takes his coat, whereupon the mugger is killed in the same manner as Bynum. Rice tries to interpret clues from the case file with his psychiatrist mother, Grace , including a strange dream of Bynum's in which he finds a green box in a cabinet in a dark house and is then chased up a narrow staircase by a little girl carrying a bleeding teddy bear. Brooke's behavior becomes increasingly suspicious. Rice tails her to a family estate on Long Island. She explains her guilt in the accidental death of her father, and claims Bynum threatened to reveal this secret if she broke off their affair. Rice pieces together that Bynum's previous girlfriend was Gail Peters  who blames Brooke for their breakup. Peters is trying to frame Brooke and she has killed Vitucci. Now she arrives at the estate to kill Brooke and Rice. As they are about to leave, Brooke forgets her keys and goes back into the dark house, alone, to retrieve them, while Rice waits in his car. Gail appears in the back seat of the car and stabs Rice with a knife. Gail then chases Brooke through the house, recapitulating Bynum's dream. Brooke narrowly escapes, as Gail falls to her death over a railing. Sam is not seriously hurt and is embraced by Brooke."] ['Set in a world devastated by a neurological pandemic, the film focuses on two survivors who meet on an isolated farm in Scotland, where they encounter an enemy even deadlier than the one outside. Though ostensibly a zombie film, the film concentrates on the psychological states of the lead characters.{{cite news}}'] ['{{prune}} Raina  tells her best friend, Nichola, that she and her fiance Matt  have been arguing. Nichola &mdash; who happens to be living in a room of the couple\'s beach house &mdash; assures her that it\'s merely "pre-wedding jitters," and voices a recurring line: "Your happily ever after is just around the corner." The two return home, and it\'s not long before Matt and Raina run into yet another argument, resulting in Matt storming from the house in anger. Later that night, Raina awakens and begins to search the house for Matt. She is horrified to encounter him in bed with Nichola, and she storms from the room. The lovers slash her throat in the ensuing struggle. Mortally wounded, Raina stumbles into a pool of water, floating helplessly. Seventeen months pass, and four friends decide to rent out the long-abandoned beach house together, completely unaware of its dark history. The four are couples, and are secretly cheating on each other. This, of course, enrages Raina\'s ghost, and she disposes of the "cheaters" through the creative means of a staircase (DQ , pulling them into the earth (Angie , and even through an explosive lava lamp (Seth  and Jennifer . While the survivors &mdash; including the leading couple, Kirsten  and Oliver  &mdash; desperately try to figure out what\'s happening, they soon find themselves dealing with an eccentric named Murry  who uses their property to "communicate with Raina\'s spirit." Murry reveals that Raina is, indeed, responsible for the deaths. Soon, Kirsten and Oliver find themselves caught between two stories &mdash; one from Matt, and another from the slightly volatile Nichola. Through both stories, it can be surmised that, immediately following the accident, Matt told Nichola to flee to Mexico, promising to come rescue her once the entire problem was resolved. When the police arrived, however, Matt told them that Nichola had inflicted the wound on Raina, and that she had stolen quite a good deal of property. Thus, Nichola was stranded in Mexico and had taken the entire rap for the accident. Angry, she sneaks back over the border to seek revenge. Meanwhile, Kirsten realizes that she has been acting quite strangely, and feels a strange connection to Raina. Murry explains that this is not demonic possession, as it may appear, but Raina is merely making Kirsten feel what she feels. This leads to several instances of Kirsten acting quite strangely. For example, when Nichola tries to explain to the couple her side of the story, an enraged Kirsten blows up on her, and the two scuffle. Also, she has a vision of killing her ex-boyfriend Oliver, as he long ago allegedly cheated on her. This connection is vital to the storyline, as it compels Kirsten and Oliver to solve this problem, not retreat from it. Kirsten and Oliver learn that Raina did not actually die, but is in a coma in a nearby hospital. Soon only Matt, Kirsten, and Oliver remain in the mystery &mdash; as the other characters met certain doom  &mdash; and it is at this point that Raina wakes up. Disoriented, she staggers for the beach house for the final confrontation. In a heated finale, Matt attacks Kirsten, who is saved by Oliver, and Raina is finally able to confront Matt. She utters what became the movie\'s slogan: "All those cheaters...they all deserve to die!" She loses her will to live, and she tears open the skin that has grown over the slash on her neck. Matt falls to the floor soon after, landed on the fire poker that he originally wounded Raina with, and the two die with their fingers interlocked. At the end of the movie, Kirsten and Oliver remain alive and well, and have made amends. Ready to escape this mystery, they depart from the hospital. The movie ends with a plot twist: Nichola is not dead, but in a coma, which she wakes from as the credits roll.'] ['Dr. Malcolm Crowe , a child psychologist in Philadelphia, returns home one night with his wife, Anna Crowe , after having been honored for his work. Anna tells Crowe that everything is second to his work. The two then discover that they are not alone; a young man appears brandishing a gun. He says that he does not want to be afraid anymore and accuses Crowe of failing him. Crowe recognizes him as Vincent Gray , a former patient whom he treated as a child for hallucinations. Gray shoots Crowe in the abdomen, and seconds later kills himself with the gun. The next autumn, Crowe begins working with another patient, nine-year-old Cole Sear , who has a condition similar to Vincent\'s. Crowe becomes dedicated to the boy, though he is haunted by doubts over his ability to help him after his failure with Vincent. Meanwhile, his relationship with his wife has deteriorated to the point where she ignores him and refuses to talk to him. Crowe believes that she may be contemplating a romance with a coworker who keeps coming around the house although this elicits sadness from him not anger. Crowe also repeatedly has difficulty opening the door to his basement office. Once Crowe earns his trust, Cole eventually confides in him that he "sees dead people... walking around like regular people". One ghost who appears to Cole is an overworked wife, abused by her husband, who has slit her wrists. Another that tries to hurt Cole is only heard as a voice who pleads with Cole to let him out of a dark cupboard, then yells that he didn\'t steal "the Master\'s horse" and threatens to attack Cole. A third ghost is a boy with a large gunshot exit wound on the back of his head who asks Cole to come with him to find his father\'s gun. Though Crowe at first thinks Cole is delusional, he eventually comes to believe that Cole is telling the truth and that Vincent may have had the same ability to perceive ghosts. He suggests to Cole that he should try to find a purpose for his gift by communicating with the ghosts and perhaps aid them with their unfinished business on Earth. Cole at first does not want to since the ghosts terrify him, but he finally decides to try it. He talks to one of the ghosts, a very ill girl who appears in his bedroom and promptly vomits in his tent. He finds where the girl, Kyra Collins , lived and goes to her house during her funeral reception. Kyra died after a prolonged illness and funeral guests note that Kyra\'s younger sister is starting to get sick, too. Kyra\'s ghost appears and gives Cole a box, which is opened to reveal a videotape. When Cole gives it to Kyra\'s father, the videotape shows Kyra\'s stepmother putting floor cleaner fluid in Kyra\'s food{{cite web}} while she cared for Kyra during her illness. Cole confesses his secret to his mother, Lynn . Although his mother at first does not believe him, Cole soon tells Lynn that her own mother once went to see her perform in a dance recital one night when she was a child, and that Lynn was not aware of this because her mother stayed in the back of the audience where she could not be seen. He also tells her that the answer to a question she asked when alone at her mother\'s grave, "Do I make you proud?", was "Every day". Lynn tearfully accepts this as the truth. Crowe returns to his home, where he finds his wife asleep on the couch with the couple\'s wedding video playing, not for the first time. As she sleeps, Anna\'s hand releases Malcolm\'s wedding ring , revealing to Crowe that he was actually killed by Vincent and was unknowingly dead the entire time he was working with Cole. Due to Cole\'s efforts, Crowe\'s unfinished business—rectifying his failure to understand and help Vincent—is finally complete. Recalling Cole\'s advice, Crowe speaks to his sleeping wife and fulfills the second reason he returned, saying she was "never second", and that he loves her. Letting her live her own life, he is free to leave the world of the living and Cole had learned to live with the ghosts as it had become a part of his life.'] ['{{Plot}} 23 men are chosen to participate in a psychological study led by Dr. Archaleta. In the experiment, some participants will be designated as guards, while the rest will be inmates. Among the participants are Travis and Michael Barris. Travis has just lost his part-time job, whereas Barris is a 42-year-old living alone with a domineering mother. Archaleta conducts some interviews to camera and exposes volunteers to various scenes of violence whilst connected to an EEG. The remaining group is driven to an isolated building that has been set up as a prison. Archaleta splits the group into 7 guards and 16 prisoners, with Travis assigned to the prisoners and Barris  assigned to the guards. They are given some basic rules: prisoners must eat 3 meals a day and it must be consumed, there will be 30 minutes of rec daily, prisoners are only allowed in prisoner-designated areas. The guards in turn must ensure that the prisoners obey the rules, and deal with any transgressions commensurately within a 30-minute period. Archaleta also claims that the experiment will end immediately at the first sign of violence. Travis shares his cell with a graphic novelist named Benjy and a member of the Aryan Brotherhood named Nix. Barris, initially concerned that some of the guards, particularly Chase, may be capable of violence, tries to dissuade them from aggressive behavior. As a result, the guards become more forceful in order to make the prisoners follow the rules. Barris becomes more and more sadistic. Despite increasing pressure from Barris and the other guards, Travis continues to respond defiantly to the guards\' abuse. Realizing that Travis is the unofficial leader of the prisoners\' dissent, Barris declares that Travis needs to be humiliated as no physical retribution can be doled out. Following Barris\'s lead, the guards take Travis, shave his head, then urinate on him. When the red light does not come on, Barris takes this as a sign that his punishment was "commensurate" and reassures the other guards that they are behaving appropriately. When a guard named Bosch dissents, Barris pressures him by suggesting that acting unilaterally and quitting early will cost the guards $14,000 each. Meanwhile, Travis discovers that Benjy has diabetes, a fact that he concealed from the experimenters, insisting that he could manage the condition himself if he were allowed some sugar. When Travis pleads for Bosche to intervene, Bosche tries to help Benjy by locating his insulin, but he is seen on the cameras. Barris surprises Travis by giving Benjy his insulin, but later takes revenge by arranging the other guards to give Bosche a severe beating, and adding him to the prison population. Barris also orders Travis to clean the prison toilets, as punishment for both his defiant attitude and his attempt to help Benjy. He then taunts Barris by saying that he should use his $14,000 for psychological treatment. The guards respond by shoving Travis\'s head into the toilet, nearly drowning him. One morning during a humiliating role call, Travis takes his prisoner shirt off as a sign that the experiment should end, and is followed by the other prisoners. Travis jumps up to one of the cameras and demands that the group be let go, but is dragged to the floor by the guards, who choke him with their sticks. When Benjy tries to defend Travis, Barris hits Benjy hard on the head with his nightstick, leaving him twitching on the floor. The guards throw Travis into an old boiler pipe overnight, while the guards attack the other prisoners and chain them up across the compound. While locked in the blackened-out boiler, Travis realizes that there is a hidden infrared camera watching him, even in there, and as his despondence turns to anger he manages to get out. He interrupts the rape of a prisoner by Chase, and sets the other prisoners free. When he finds that Benjy has been chained up and left to die rather than be given medical treatment, he leads an assault against the guard\'s room, and the prisoners chase them through the building. Even as the rest of the guards try to lift the shutters and escape, Barris tries to keep them in for the sake of the $14,000 fee. A vicious brawl ensues between prisoners and guards, and drags on until a siren finally blares, the doors open, and the red light comes on to reveal the end of the experiment. As the shutter doors open, the group emerges to the sunshine and sits in stunned silence on the grass, awaiting the arrival of the experimenters. A bus arrives and they are taken away. The group is later seen being driven home on the bus, clean and dressed, with their checks for the full $14,000 for participation in the experiment. Travis and Barris share a silent glance as Barris stares down at his check. Nix asks Travis if he still believes humans are higher in the chain of evolution than monkeys, to which Travis responds that people have the ability to change. Audio news snippets suggest that Archaleta is being tried for manslaughter. Travis meets his girlfriend in India. She notices that Travis\'s knuckles are bruised from his brawl with the guards, in contrast to the beginning of the film, when she noted that his knuckles are pristine, an indication that he was, at the time, incapable of violence.'] ['After brawling over a card game in the wharf area of New Orleans, a man named Kochak , suffering visibly from a flu-like illness, is killed by gangster Blackie  and his two flunkies, Kochak\'s cousin Poldi  and a man named Fitch . They leave the body on the docks, and later when the dead man, who carries no identification, is brought to the morgue, the coroner grows suspicious about the bacteria present in his blood and calls his superior, Dr. Clinton Reed , a Lt. Cmdr. doctor working for the U.S. Public Health Service. Reed is enjoying a rare day off with his wife Nancy  and their son Tommy , but decides to inspect the body. After careful examination, he determines that Kochak had "pneumonic plague," the pulmonary version of bubonic plague. Reed springs into action, insisting that everyone who came into contact with the body be inoculated. He also orders that the dead man\'s identity be determined, as well as his comings and goings during the previous few days. Reed meets with people from the mayor\'s office, the police commissioner and other city officials, but they are skeptical of his claims. Eventually, however, his impassioned pleas convince them that they have forty-eight hours to save New Orleans from the plague. Reed must also convince police Captain Warren  and the others that the press must not be notified, because report of a plague would spread mass panic.  Warren and his men begin to interview Slavic immigrants, as it has been determined that the body may be of Armenian, Czech or mixed blood. Burdened by the knowledge that the massive investigation has little chance of success, Reed accuses Warren of not taking the threat seriously enough. In turn, Warren admits that he thinks Reed is ambitious and trying to use the situation to further his career. Reed, angry, decides to take matters into his own hands and, acting on a hunch that the man may have entered the city\'s port illegally, goes to the National Maritime Union hiring hall and passes out copies of the dead man\'s picture. Although the workers tell Reed that seamen never talk, he goes to a café next door hoping that someone will meet him with a tip. Eventually a young woman shows up and takes Reed to see her friend Charlie , who reluctantly admits that he worked aboard the ship, the Nile Queen, upon which the already ill man was smuggled. Meanwhile, Fitch, who was questioned by Warren but claimed to know nothing, goes to Blackie and warns him about the investigation. Blackie plans to get out of town, but begins to suspect that his sidekick Poldi received expensive smuggled goods from Kochak, explaining the police\'s intense investigation of the man\'s murder. Reed and Warren, who is now convinced of Reed\'s integrity, go to the Nile Queen and convince the crew to talk by telling them that they will die if the sick man was indeed on their ship. After carrying up a sick cook from the hold, the seamen then permit Reed and Warren to inoculate and question them, revealing in the process that Kochak boarded at Oran and was fond of Shish kebob. With this lead, Reed and Warren canvas the city\'s Greek restaurants, and just after they leave one such establishment, Blackie arrives to meet Poldi, who is very ill. A short time later, Reed receives word that a woman, Rita , has died of the fever and realizes that she was the wife of the Greek restaurant proprietor John Mefaris  who had earlier lied about having served Kochak. Reed returns to headquarters to discover that a reporter  is threatening to break the story that a pathogenic bacteria is endangering the city. Reed is impressed when the deeply committed yet unorthodox Warren throws the reporter into jail to keep him quiet. Late in the evening, a beleaguered Reed returns home for a few hours of sleep, and his wife announces that she is pregnant. She then tries to restore her husband\'s flagging self-confidence. A few hours later, Reed and Warren learn that the mayor is angry about their treatment of the reporter. The reporter, who has been released, announces that the story will appear in the morning paper in four hours, giving Reed and Warren little time to find their man. Meanwhile, Blackie goes to Poldi\'s room and tries to force him to reveal information about some smuggled goods, but the dying Poldi is delirious and only rants nonsensically. Blackie then brings in his own doctor and tells Poldi\'s grandmother that they will take care of him. Just then, Reed, having been tipped off by the nurse looking after Poldi, arrives, and Blackie and Fitch, who are carrying Poldi down the stairs, pitch the man over the side and flee. Reed chases the two to the docks, where he tries to explain to them about the plague. The men run desperately through depots, docks and a warehouse, and at one point, Warren shoots and injures Blackie, preventing him from shooting Reed. Blackie accidentally shoots Fitch and then tries to struggle onto a ship but, exhausted, falls into the water. His work finally done, Reed heads for home, and on the way, Warren offers to give him some of the smuggled perfume that Poldi had indeed received from Kochak. As the radio announces the resolution of the crisis, a proud Nancy greets her husband.'] ['In New York, PR colleagues and roommates Holly Parker  and Jan Lambert  are disputing a promotion in their agency. The unethical Jan deceives Holly and sends her to Chicago. Meanwhile, she seduces Holly\'s boyfriend David Kray , in the opening of a fancy restaurant he owns, and they have a one night stand. When Holly arrives back home, she finds out David cheated on her with Jan, and decides to move into a new apartment. She schedules a meeting with the needy Tess Kositch, and they become roommates and friends. When Tess cuts and dyes her hair identical to Holly\'s, she sees that her new roommate is obsessed with her. When Holly follows Tess to an underground nightclub called "Sin", she realizes that the girl is deranged. But Tess wants to be her friend and put Holly out of her misery by eliminating her former bad friends.'] ["A recently released psychiatric patient named Tom Sykes creates a home for himself in the attic of the Dreyer family's newly built house. He uses electronic devices to spy on them. The Dreyer's beloved dog Rudolph is murdered by Tom in an attempt to defend his family from the titular hider. After that, Tom really begins to get down to the business. He starts to focus his attention on the mom, Julie, going so far as to watch her skinny dip in the pool. He interferes secretly in the relationship between Julie and her husband, Phil, planting bogus evidence of secret love affairs. He befriends the Sykes' son Neal and teaches him fighting techniques. After two explosive arguments, Phil leaves the house and moves into a hotel. Seeing this as an opportunity, Sykes pretends to be a visitor who lives on Willmington St. a couple of blocks over. His attempt to insinuate himself into their lives works at first, although the creepy neighbor  Gene is the only one who distrusts him. Sykes murders two people who had accidentally discovered his bizaare goings-on and finally Julie gets weirded out enough to reject his advances. Tom loses it, and he tries to kill Julie. Phil shows up and is severely injured defending her while Julie gets a gun and shoots Tom in the chest. But he's not dead! Tom gets up and tries to kill both Julie and himself, but the cops  shoot Tom dead from the doorway."] ["Waterland follows the story of a mentally anguished high school history teacher  going through a complete reassessment of his life. His method for reassessing his life is to narrate it to his class and interweave in it three generations of his family's history. The movie portrays the teacher's narrative in the form of flashbacks to tell the story of a teenage boy and his mentally challenged older brother living on the fens of England with their widowed father. The entire movie is motivated by an opening scene in which the history teacher's barren wife  steals a child from a supermarket and believes it to be hers. The teacher explains to his class how he and his wife carried out a teenage romance which led to a disastrous abortion that mutilated the girl's womb and left her infertile. The teacher is tortured by the guilt of this act as well as the jealousy he demonstrated to his older brother when he suspected his girlfriend's child was that of his brother. The girlfriend's flirtation with the older brother sets off events that lead to the older brother's suicide by drowning. A side-theme throughout the narration is of the teacher's grandfather, who was a successful brewer and who fathered with his daughter the narrator's older brother, thus accounting for the older brother's genetic difficulties. The movie ends with the teacher's dismissal from his school and a possible renewal of his relationship with his wife."] ['William Lee is an exterminator who finds that his wife Joan is stealing his insecticide  to use as a drug. When Lee is arrested by the police, he begins hallucinating because of "bug powder" exposure. He believes he is a secret agent whose controller  assigns him the mission of killing Joan, who is an agent of an organization called Interzone Incorporated. Lee dismisses the bug and its instructions and kills it. He returns home to find Joan sleeping with Hank, one of his writer friends. Shortly afterwards, he accidentally kills her while attempting to shoot a drinking glass off of her head in imitation of William Tell. Having inadvertently accomplished his "mission", Lee flees to Interzone. He spends his time writing reports for his imaginary handler, and it is these documents which, at the insistence of his literary colleagues, eventually become the titular book. Whilst Lee is under the influence of assorted mind-altering substances, his typewriter, a Clark Nova, becomes a giant talking insect which tells him to find Dr. Benway, by seducing Joan Frost, who is a doppelgänger of his dead wife. After coming to the conclusion that Dr. Benway is, in fact, the secret mastermind of a narcotics operation for a drug called "black meat" which is supposedly derived from the guts of giant centipedes, Lee completes his report and flees Interzone to Annexia with Joan Frost. Stopped by the Annexian border patrol and instructed to prove that he is a writer as he claims, Lee produces a pen. As this is insufficient proof for passage he inexplicably offers a demonstration of his William Tell routine using a glass atop Joan Frost\'s head. He again misses badly and thus re-enacts the earlier killing of his wife. He is then allowed to enter Annexia.'] ['Psychotherapist Claire Summers  is called upon to treat a group of five survivors of a recent plane crash. One of the survivors, Eric , exhibits symptoms that suggest he is disguising his true feelings about the crash by making major life changes. As Claire and Eric grow closer, Claire\'s patients begin to disappear. She forms a theory that the airline is targeting them to prevent knowledge about a mechanical failure from spreading. Claire visits her estranged sister\'s house after Eric suggests that she make peace with her. There, her sister is absent but she is greeted by an official from the airline who has been advising her not to investigate the crash. He reveals that all of the plane\'s passengers died in the crash. He leaves behind a suitcase that contains a ledger of passengers\' names. Claire discovers that she too was on the ill-fated flight, and remembers everything that happened. Claire goes to the docks to meet Eric on his boat. She realizes that everyone she came into contact with over the last few weeks was actually dead; "ghosts" of friends and family who were trying to help her come to terms that she, and the other passengers, have died. As the movie ends, Claire\'s sister, Emma, and her husband are let into her now-abandoned apartment by the landlord, where she discovers a note Claire was planning to send to make peace with her.'] ["{{Plot}} {{wikiquote}} The film begins in 1983, depicting Nicholas Styles , a mild-mannered rookie officer of the Los Angeles Police Department and law student. The young Styles is witnessing the beginning of his career and adult life, as he meets his future wife  and is drifting away from his childhood friend Odessa , who is drifting into a life of crime in South Central Los Angeles, where the two of them grew up. One evening, while Styles and his partner Larry Doyle  are patrolling a carnival, they intervene and block the escape of a vicious organized-crime hitman, Earl Talbot Blake , and his servile accomplice Kim, shortly after Blake has murdered several drug dealers and stolen drugs. Styles catches Blake at gunpoint in the carnival, and is forced into a standoff when Blake takes a hostage at gunpoint, using her as a human shield. Styles manages to get Blake to release the hostage by stripping his equipment and uniform off, demonstrating that he has no other weapons or body armor, before placing his revolver on the ground. He has stripped, however, to gain access to a backup gun hidden in his athletic supporter, which he uses to shoot Blake in the knee, allowing him to take the killer down. The incident is caught by an amateur videographer, and is shown on television, making Styles a local hero and drawing the welcome attention of the Los Angeles County District Attorney  and a local councilman . He and Doyle are immediately promoted to Detective, while Blake is sent to prison. The film cuts ahead eight years to 1991. Styles has since had a famous and eventful career in the Police Department, has gone on to further fame and success as an Assistant District Attorney, has married and has had two daughters. He is moving gradually into politics, beginning with raising funds for a children's community center at the Watts Towers with the patronage of the local councilman. At the same time, Blake has nurtured a psychotic fixation and lust for revenge against Styles while in prison, and has degenerated into further violence fighting against the Aryan Brotherhood. After killing an AB member with whom he had a grudge, Blake strikes a deal with the leader of the gang to plot an escape. Shortly before their escape, Kim, who has been incarcerated with Blake, is paroled, and plans to assist in Blake's escape and revenge plot on the outside. Blake and the AB members stage a violent and deadly prison escape during a parole hearing, which only Blake and the AB leader survive. Shortly after, Blake murders the gang leader, shoots him in the knee, and burns his corpse. Kim had previously switched Blake's and the gang leader's dental records, and Blake expects the coroner to believe that Blake was the one killed , thus faking his own death. Meanwhile, Styles is planning a telethon to raise money for his community center, planning to broadcast it from a church at which his father  is a minister. He also finds his old friend Odessa, who has become a major drug-dealer in the neighborhood, to convince him forcefully to avoid the new center. Blake has returned to Los Angeles, and is keeping Styles under surveillance. On the night of the telethon, Blake cuts the power to Styles' house, and then shows up impersonating a utility worker to the babysitter watching Styles' daughters. He drugs the babysitter, and takes the opportunity to bug the house. Blake has sent $10,000 in cash and an anonymous letter to the telethon, posing as an anonymous benefactor. Later that night, after the telethon, Blake and Kim ambush the city councilman, who is taking the proceeds of the telethon to deposit them at the bank. They murder the councilman, staging his death to appear as a suicide, dressing him in drag, planting child pornography, leaving a suicide note that implicates him and Styles in child molestation, and stealing the $10,000 in cash. The next morning, when the councilman is discovered, the implications of molestation and the missing money lead to a scandal implicating Styles, creating negative and intrusive media attention and suspicion from the District Attorney for whom he works. Later that evening, Styles is abducted by Blake, and realizes that Blake is alive, has murdered the councilman, and intends revenge. Blake explains that Styles owes his successful life to Blake, while Blake has sat in prison. Blake and Kim keep Styles for several days, regularly injecting him with heroin and cocaine. As Styles is drugged and tied up to a bed, a blonde female prostitute, Wanda , walks in the room. After stripping, Wanda pretends to be ignoring Styles' weakened objection, and proceeds to mount and rape him. Blake, who had hired her, records the incident on video. Blake and Kim finally deposit Styles' unconscious body on the steps of City Hall, making him appear as a derelict. When he is found, his colleagues and the media treat his story with skepticism, which is only furthered when he unsuccessfully tries to lead them to the location where he was held and when the drugs and a gonorrhea infection  are discovered during his post-release medical examination. His wife, who overheard about Styles' examination, thinks he betrayed her with the prostitute. This later revelation alienates Styles from his wife, and he spends an evening on the sofa, drunkenly talking back to the negative media coverage of himself on TV while being recorded by Blake until he passes out. The next morning, Styles sees that a note has been left on his VCR to play it. When he does, he sees a video of Blake going up to his daughters' room and holding a hatchet over them just before the tape cuts out. Terrified and enraged, Styles finds the girls' room and the rest of the house empty with only a note that his wife has taken them to the park. Styles digs his old service revolver out of a nightstand and runs down the streets in his bathrobe to the park. As he is leaving, Kim returns to the house with another videotape. Tired, hung-over, and disoriented, Styles sees a black-clad figure approaching the stage where his girls are putting on a play. He tackles the figure and holds him at gunpoint; the figure turns over to reveal that he is nothing more than a clown who is part of the performance. The incident occurs in front of and is videotaped by several prominent local people, whose children are in the play. This latest incident and his reaction to it cause the District Attorney to question Styles' sanity. When he attempts to show her the videotape from his VCR, the tape has been substituted with the video recording of his rape, only Blake injected unrelated audio recordings of the prostitute and Styles' lines, making their sexual encounter seem consensual. The tape is at the same time released to the media. Styles vehemently protests his innocence and Blake's complicity. He begins to appear to be delusionally paranoid to the District Attorney, who suspends him from his position. Afterwards, Styles' old partner Doyle, who is the only person still willing to believe him, approaches him with evidence of Blake's obsession. This evidence was found in his prison personal effects, and Doyle reveals that he has a lead that an Aryan Brotherhood-affiliated bookstore is planning to get tickets and false passports for someone. Styles and Doyle go to the bookstore that night, and Styles beats information out of the owner. Kim is witnessed running away from the store, and Doyle chases him down an alley. Blake ambushes him and shoots him repeatedly in the alley, before tossing the gun to Styles who picks it up, leaving his fingerprints on it. Blake then escapes, and Doyle dies in Styles' arms, finally realizing that his friend had been right all along. Bizarrely, Styles leaves the scene without taking the gun that implicates him. Now pursued as a murder suspect, Styles has few options. Desperately, he contacts his old, and perhaps last, friend Odessa, for help. Styles evacuates his family from their home and takes them to the housing project Odessa uses as a drug lab. Putting his family in Odessa's hands, Styles and Odessa's gang initiate a plan to bring Blake into the open. After the project building is cleared, Styles goes to the roof and begins raving to the street below, appearing to be deranged and suicidal. The media arrives and broadcasts him live. Believing that Styles will kill himself and deny Blake the satisfaction of seeing him incarcerated, Blake arrives at the project. Odessa's gangsters spot Blake there, and the plan continues. Styles fakes his own death, by starting a fiery explosion in the building and escaping. Odessa's gang abducts Kim, and Odessa sends a message to Blake that Styles is alive and intends to get him, challenging him to come to the Watts Towers. At the towers, Blake finds Kim tied to the scaffolding, and Kim begins to berate Blake, telling him that Styles is going to get him and expressing his disgusted disillusionment of working with Blake. Blake shoots Kim in rage, and Styles emerges, challenging Blake to come after him on the tower. On the tower, they fight, while Odessa and his gang ambush and incapacitate the police to prevent them from interfering. They allow the media through and Styles reveals his plan to Blake, to let the media see him alive, revealing his plan, before he dies. They continue to fight, and the battle turns against Styles, until Odessa and his gang connect electrical mains to the metal tower, electrifying Blake while Styles swings clear of the tower on a harness. Styles knocks the stunned Blake off the tower, and he lands on a spike protruding from the tower, impaling and killing him. Styles comes down from the towers, rejoining his wife and children. He calls out to Odessa one last time, inviting him to basketball that Saturday. Meanwhile, the television news crews, who had played a major role in Styles' discommendation, are there, broadcasting the latest events that have dramatically proven Styles innocent. Styles, at last, joins a newscaster  on camera as she is broadcasting. When she asks him for a comment, he turns off the news camera and dishes the news media as the screen fades out."] ["Set in a strict elite British boarding school in the 1930s, the story centers on a clique of girls who idolize their enigmatic diving instructor, Miss G  . Di Radfield  has a crush on Miss G, and is the firm favourite and ringleader of her group. When a beautiful Spanish girl named Fiamma Coronna  arrives at the school, Miss G's focus is shifted away from the other girls. It becomes a triangle: Miss G gets increasingly obsessed with Fiamma, Fiamma is disturbed by Miss G and also openly disgusted by the teacher's hypocrisies and deceptions, and Di is terribly jealous and makes Fiamma's life hell. In a very telling scene in the film that clearly highlighted Miss G's deceptions, Miss G  goes to a nearby parochial town to buy some provisions. She is visibly upset by this trip and after buying her provisions and drawing the unwanted attention of some local louts, she returns to the school in, it would seem, a near panic. The bullying culminates in Di physically throwing Fiamma out of the school but, as she is unable to return to Spain as she hoped, Fiamma ends up back at the school later that night. When Fiamma is eventually found, the two girls make the first steps towards friendship, and at the following dorm party they all get a bit drunk, and Fiamma faints. Miss G takes her to her own room. Then Miss G kisses her and sexually touches her; Di witnesses this through the room door, which was left ajar, and then flees. The next morning, Fiamma is visibly upset, Miss G equally so as she runs around after her. Di is broody, and eventually tells the rest of her gang that Fiamma seduced Miss G. Fiamma presumably tells Miss G that she will report the molestation to the teachers, and horrified, Miss G realises her career will be over. She in turn manipulates Di's affection for her into anger. She says that Fiamma will make up lies about her molesting her  and plan to get her kicked out of school. Di absolutely refuses to allow this to happen. The confrontation between Di's gang and Fiamma turns ugly as Fiamma declines to answer Di's vicious questions and tries to explain what really happened, hinting at Miss G's lies and character defects. Fiamma runs into the forest as things become more violent, but the girls catch up with her and, under Di's leadership, beat her up with their fists and sticks. Fiamma starts to have an asthma attack, and the girls stop, terrified. They run to get help, and Di runs into Miss G , who says she'll stay with Fiamma, and directs Di to go get a teacher. In the forest, Miss G, alone with Fiamma, refuses to give Fiamma her inhaler and calmly watches her die. Di returns just in time to see Miss G placing the inhaler in Fiamma's lifeless hand, and that's when she realizes the truth. Later, Di tells the other girls what happened and, united, they confront Miss G. They are powerless officially, but they quit the swim team and symbolically turn in their sashes. The headmistress refuses to acknowledge the school's culpability, and seems only concerned with the school's reputation, but releases Miss G from her duties. The final scene has Di leaving the school to explore the world, as both Fiamma and Miss G had spoken of doing, whilst Miss G, fired from the school, goes to the local village and finds a small room she can live in, presumably closing herself away for the rest of her life. In a scene that perhaps allows the viewer a better understanding of Miss G's very complex personality rather than allowing him/her to simply dismiss of her as a some type of sexual predator, we see her put her few personal possessions on her bedside table. She puts one item there and then quickly removes it to make move for another item. After that, she counts the items to make sure there are only five. The viewer is then reminded that when Fiamma arrived at the school, in the dorm room, Di had told her that only five personal items could displayed on her night table at one time. The audience then realizes Miss G is as much a victim of the institutionalized setting she grew up in  as Fiamma was her victim.{{cite web}}"] ['Harry, an auto mechanic is going through a nasty divorce. When he gets fired from his job, Harry begins to lose his mind; he walks into a church completely nude and is subsequently committed to a mental hospital. After his release, he decides to stay in an abandoned hotel where he begins having hallucinations. As his life degenerates, Harry begins to plan a shooting massacre at a local fast food restaurant.Bloody Wednesday  - Movie Info - Yahoo! Movies'] ['Mrs. Forrest, in the eyes of the staff and children at an orphanage, is a sweet, kind-mannered and children-loving widow, who throws a lavish annual Christmas party at her mansion, Forrest Grange  for ten of the best-mannered children at the orphanage. But secretly, she is a demented, sad and miserable woman who keeps the mummified remains of her daughter Katharine in a nursery room in the attic, singing lullabies to her and trying to contact her spirit with the assistance of  psychic Mr. Benton. He fools Forrest into believing that the voice of Clarine, one of the servants, during the fake séances is that of Katharine. Christopher and Katy Coombs are orphaned brother and sister. Christopher has a wild imagination, telling stories about dragons and witches that frighten the other orphans. When he and his sister are not included in the list of ten orphans for the Christmas party at Auntie Roo\'s mansion, he and Katy sneak into the car of Inspector Willoughby, who transfers the orphans to Forrest Grange, and are warmly welcomed by Auntie Roo. Auntie Roo is surprised to see the resemblance of her daughter Katharine to Katy, and becomes more and more focused on her. Katy is missing as the party ends and the other orphans leave. Auntie Roo promises to find her and send her back. Christopher realizes that Katy is not just missing, but was kidnapped by Auntie Roo. Meanwhile, Albie, the young, sadistic butler, discovers that Auntie Roo has Katy locked in the nursery room. He blackmails her into giving him £2,000 by threatening to reveal her secret to the police unless she pays to keep him quiet. After this, he and Clarine depart from the mansion and leave her alone with Katy. When no one believes Christopher about seeing Auntie Roo singing lullabies to mummified Katharine, or that Katy has really been abducted, he runs away to the mansion but ends up trapped inside too. Auntie Roo wants to replace Katy for Katharine, but in Christopher\'s mind, he thinks Auntie Roo is really a witch wanting to devour him and his sister. Auntie Roo prepares a dinner for the New Year\'s coming, while Christopher assists her. He steals the key to the nursery room. After Christopher frees Katy, Auntie Roo chases them to the kitchen where Christopher tries to protect them with a knife. Knocking it from his hand with a piece of wood, Auntie Roo corners them in the pantry and locks the door. Auntie Roo hears in her mind her daughter shouting for her and runs to her coffin in the attic. When she tries to touch the corpse\'s face, it disintegrates to dust. Auntie Roo returns to the kitchen in a highly agitated state yelling "I have nothing, I have nothing." She turns the hour glass over to time her cooking and starts chopping potatoes with a large cleaver. She then hears the children from the pantry calling to her to let them out, but she resists listening to them. Katy then says "Please, mommy", touching the heart of Auntie Roo. Completely lost in her delusions she opens the door to embrace Katy . Christopher knocks things from the high shelf causing Auntie Roo to fall. The children lock the door but Auntie Roo begins hacking at it with a cleaver. Christopher and Katy place the fire-wood he had been fetching at the door and set it on fire with paraffin . Smashing through parts of the door with the cleaver Auntie Roo sees the fire and it comes into the pantry surrounding her. Auntie Roo, deep in her psychosis, falls in a corner. The children emerge from the smoked-filled building, carrying the almost forgotten teddy bear that belonged to Katharine , while Mrs. Forrest, surrounded by fire, shouts at Katy to come back to her. Outside, the orphans meet Auntie Roo\'s butcher, Mr. Harrison, who is delivering a whole piglet by horse-cart. He sees the smoke inside and drives off to call the fire brigade. Katy realizes she was to cook the pig, but Christopher says they were to be eaten after it. When he leaves, Christopher quips, "Bloody good fire", while inside, the whole cellar goes up in flames. The fire brigade arrives and puts out the fire but are unable to rescue Mrs. Forrest. Inspector Willoughby will take the children back to the orphanage. Still outside, the orphanage doctor, Dr. Mason, comments "Poor little devils. They\'ll probably have nightmares till the day they die". Christopher and Katy smile at each other, departing from the burned mansion, with Christopher ending the tale by saying "Hansel and Gretel knew that the wicked witch could not harm anyone else and they were happy. They also knew that with the wicked witch\'s treasure they would not be hungry again. So they lived happily ever after."'] ['{{plot}} The plot revolves around an awkward, lonely young woman named May Dove Canady , who suffered a troubled childhood due to her lazy eye. She has very few social interactions, her only "true friend" being a glass-encased doll named Suzie made by her mother and given to May for her birthday. While presenting young May with the gift, her mother tells her, "If you can\'t find a friend, make one." As an adult, May works at a veterinary hospital, assisting with surgeries. Her optometrist fixes May\'s lazy eye, first with glasses, then with a special form of contact lens. As May attempts to be more social, she sees Adam , a local mechanic, around town, they become friends. When she tells him that she\'s weird, Adam replies, "That\'s okay. I like weird." May has a fixation on his hands, which she considers to be the most attractive part of him, and they start dating. Meanwhile, May\'s lesbian colleague Polly  begins to flirt with May, while simultaneously poking fun at her for her oddness. One day while feeling especially low, May remarks that Polly has a beautiful neck. Polly then gives her pet cat Lupe to May, ostensibly because of her "bitch" landlord. One night May invites Adam to her apartment. Adam shows her a film he made for his university titled Jack and Jill. The film reveals a story of two young lovers who go on a picnic and end up eating each other. May becomes aroused by the cannibalism in the film, and during an intense make-out session, she gets carried away and bites Adam on the lip. Bleeding profusely, Adam is finally disturbed by May\'s strange personality and leaves. May feels guilty and blames her doll Suzie for encouraging her to make bad choices. She shouts at Suzie and shoves her in the cupboard. May begins working at a school for disabled children. She is especially interested in the blind children and identifies with a lonely girl named Petey David, who makes her a clay ashtray with May\'s name carved into it. May finally gives in to Polly\'s wiles and starts a short affair. After Adam stops calling her, May goes to his house and overhears him and a friend calling her a loony. Adam says he\'s glad he could get rid of May. Heartbroken, May goes to see Polly, only to find Polly with another girl named Ambrosia. Totally miserable, May returns home. When Lupe refuses to come near her, she becomes enraged and throws the clay ashtray, killing Lupe. May becomes delusional, thinking that her doll Suzie is talking to her through its glass case. May takes Suzie to school and tells the blind children that Suzie is her best friend. As the children struggle curiously to take the doll out of the glass case, it falls and shatters resulting in the kids and May cutting themselves on all the glass in the process. Carrying the now-destroyed, blood-covered Suzie, May returns home, devastated. The following day, May meets a punk boy named Blank . He is interested in her remarks that people cannot be entirely perfect, only have perfect "parts". May doesn\'t like Blank, but she likes the tattoo on his arm. They go to May\'s house and when he opens the freezer to get ice, he finds the cat\'s corpse wrapped in plastic wrap. Blank panics and calls May a freak, infuriating her; she stabs him in the head with a pair of scissors. Suddenly, she realizes that the people she had considered her friends were not friends at all; there were only parts of them that were friends. She concludes that a perfect friend can only be made of all the perfect parts of people. On Halloween night, May dresses in a homemade costume similar to Suzie\'s dress and goes to Polly\'s house, adopting a completely "normal" manner. She kills Polly with scalpels from the animal hospital. When Ambrosia arrives, May admires her legs and asks her to turn around for her. Ambrosia accepts, not without calling May a freak first and making derisive comments about her and Polly\'s previous relationship. May stabs Ambrosia with the scalpels. When May goes to Adam\'s house, she finds him with Hoop, a girl with hoop earrings. May asks Adam to touch her face. He indignantly pokes May\'s forehead, at which point May stabs Hoop in the neck. She then stabs Adam in the stomach. Back at home, May designs her "new friend", Amy, a Frankenstein-esque life-sized rag doll made from Blank\'s arms, Polly\'s neck, Adam\'s hands, Ambrosia\'s legs, Hoop\'s ears, and Lupe\'s fur to substitute for hair. The head and torso are different scraps of fabric stitched together and stuffed. Once the macabre doll is finished, May realizes that Amy can\'t see her. In a rush of misery, May gouges out her right eye, the lazy one, with the scissors. Crying in pain and bleeding, she puts her eye on Amy\'s head and begs the doll to look at her. A dying May sees her friend come to life and touch her face lovingly with Adam\'s treasured hands. May smiles, and the credits roll.'] ['From a prison cell in Madrid, César ([[Eduardo Noriega , a 25-year-old in a prosthetic mask, tells his story to psychiatrist Antonio . Flashbacks reveal the following events: good-looking César is attractive to women. At his birthday party, he flirts with Sofía , the girlfriend of his best friend Pelayo . Later on, he takes her home and stays the night, although they don\'t sleep together. The next morning, César\'s obsessive ex-lover Nuria  pulls up outside Sofia\'s flat and when she spots César leaving in the morning, she offers him a ride back to her apartment to have sex. On the way there, however, she intentionally crashes the car, committing suicide, and César is horribly disfigured, beyond the help of cosmetic surgery. Sofía can\'t bear to see him like this and goes back to Pelayo. After César\'s disfigurement, he begins to have a series of disorienting experiences. Drunk, César falls asleep in the street. On awakening, everything has changed: Sofía now claims to love him and the surgeons restore his lost looks. But as he makes love to Sofía one night, she apparently changes into Nuria. Horrified, César smothers her with a pillow, yet finds everyone else believes Nuria was indeed the woman everyone else calls Sofía. While he is confined to the prison, fragments of his past return to him as if in a dream. It is gradually revealed that, shortly after his disfigurement, César contracted with Life Extension, a company specializing in cryonics, to be cryogenically preserved and to experience extremely lucid and lifelike virtual reality dreams. Returning to their headquarters, under supervision by prison officers, he discovers they specialise in cryonics with a twist: "artificial perception" or the provision of a fantasy based on the past to clients who are reborn in the future. He had committed suicide at home after sleeping drunk on the street, and was placed in cryonic suspension. His experiences from about the midpoint of the movie onward have been a dream, spliced retroactively into his actual life and replacing his true memories. At the end of the film he elects to wake up and be resurrected. Convinced his life since the drunken night in the street is simply a nightmarish vision created by Life Extension, César leaps from the roof of the company\'s high-rise headquarters, resolving to open his eyes once more to real life outside the cryonic fantasy.'] ['While on a holiday in Mallorca, Spain, Lisa , Kim  and Tammi  meet four young men, Bluey , Josh , Sean  and Marcus . After spending the day at the resort together, the girls are invited to the men\'s yacht where they plan to party out at sea. While aboard the boat, they take drugs and the conversation turns to sex, and in particular, types of sexual acts. Bluey describes a sex act called a "donkey punch" which involves punching the female in the back of the head while having "doggy-style" sex in order to increase the sexual pleasure for the man. Marcus, Bluey, Kim and Lisa go to the master bedrooms where they begin having drug-fuelled sex, watched by Josh who, in the knowledge of all involved, lingers furtively in the darkness, recording the action with a camera. Bluey, who is copulating with Lisa, asks Josh to film the action and then decides to let Josh take a turn. Josh and Lisa then have anal sex. Immediately prior to ejaculation and with Bluey\'s encouragement, Josh donkey punches Lisa but uses excessive force, breaking her neck and killing her instantly. To cover up the incident, the men decide to throw the body overboard while the women want to report it to the authorities, and argument ensues about what to do with the tape. Bluey continually insults Tammi and in a fit of rage, she stabs him in the chest with a penknife, and the women escape in the yacht\'s tender. However, the girls soon realise that the tender\'s outboard motor is missing . In a fit of despair, Tammi fires a flare, attracting the attention of the men. They quickly locate and pick up the women. As the men attempt to get the women aboard, threatening them with a shotgun, Kim shoots a second flare directly at Marcus. The flare explodes into Marcus\'s torso and slowly burns him to death. Josh locks the recaptured women in one of the rooms below. Sean asks Josh to "call in" and request medical assistance for Bluey. However, knowing that Bluey still has the tape that contains footage of him dealing the earlier fatal blow, Josh instead decides to discover its whereabouts by torturing Bluey. He does this by withholding pain numbing drugs from him. Bluey reveals the location of the tape, beneath the bed in the state room. Tammi escapes the room by smashing through the glass door and cutting herself, and overhears Bluey mention where the tape is. She frantically roams the boat trying to locate it. She does this just moments before Josh attempts to retrieve it. Unable to find the tape, Josh returns to Bluey, stepping up the torture by turning his attention to the knife which still protrudes from the wound. Josh ultimately takes this too far and, following Bluey\'s pained protestations that he has already revealed the location, he twists the knife further into the wound before pulling it out, causing Bluey to die. Sean tries to bring the situation under control by retrieving a shotgun from Josh. He then tries to calm both Josh and Tammi from a frantic argument about the whereabouts of the tape. Kim notices Sean holding a shotgun with Josh and Tammi visibly upset from an adjacent room. She misinterprets his intentions towards Tammi and Josh and brutally kills Sean with the propeller of an outboard motor. After realizing her mistake, she manically commits suicide by jumping overboard, leaving Josh and Tammi as the only ones left. A distraught Tammi decides that she cannot remain on the boat any longer. Josh agrees, and readies the tender. His plan is to leave the yacht, get back to shore and claim that there was an accident. As Josh pushes the tender away from the yacht, Tammi quietly takes hold of the end of the mooring rope at the stern. Once the tender has floated some distance from the yacht, Josh pulls his hunting knife from his shorts and points it at Tammi. He demands the incriminating tape from Tammi and, fearing for her life, she obliges, throwing it on the floor of the tender. As a distracted Josh reaches for the tape, Tammi quickly throws the looped end of the mooring rope around his neck. The rope immediately reaches the end of its tether and Josh is wrenched into the sea, snapping his neck and killing him. Tammi, now the sole survivor, fires a distress flare in the hope of being rescued. She then lies down on the tender and morbidly stares up at the night sky, as the raft ambiguously drifts away into the ocean.'] ["Carl Schaffner  is a crooked American businessman who flees to Mexico after stealing company funds. While travelling by train, Schaffner decides to evade authorities drugs and switches identities with fellow train passenger Paul Scarff, who looks like him and has a Mexican passport. He throws Paul Scarff off the train, injurying Scarff. Carl later discovers that Scarff is wanted in Mexico as a political assassin. Carl then track down Scarff to get his original passport who was resting from the wounds. Carl arrives in Mexico, and get capture by the local police believing him to be Scarff. Carl then fights to show his true identity to local police. The plan seems foolproof until he is forced to care for the dog of Scarff. The local police chief and Scotland Yard inspector Hadden conspire to keep him trapped in the Mexican border town of Katrina in an effort to get him to cross the bridge back into the U.S. and face justice. The misanthropic Schaffner has grown attached to Scarff's pet spaniel and is tricked into going across the dividing line of the bridge to get the dog. He is accidentally killed trying to escape the authorities. The final irony is that the discovery his own humanity has cost the cynical, friendless Schaffner his life."] ['On a one-week Mediterranean pleasure cruise aboard the yacht of movie producer Clinton Greene , the guests include actress Alice Wood , her talent-manager husband Anthony , talent agent Christine , screenwriter Tom Parkman , Tom\'s wife Lee , and film director Philip Dexter . The trip is, in fact, a reunion. With the exception of Lee, all were together at Clinton\'s home one year before, on the night a hit-and-run accident resulted in the death of Clinton\'s wife, gossip columnist Sheila Greene . Once the cruise is under way, Clinton, a parlor game enthusiast, informs everyone that the week\'s entertainment will consist of "The Sheila Greene Memorial Gossip Game." The six guests are each assigned an index card containing a secret—or, in Clinton\'s words, "a pretend piece of gossip" -- that must be kept hidden from the others. The object of the game is to discover everyone else\'s secret while protecting one\'s own. Each night the yacht anchors at a different Mediterranean port city, where one of the six secrets is disclosed to the entire group. The guests are given a clue, then sent ashore to find the proof of who among them holds the card bearing that night\'s secret. The game for that night ends when the actual holder of the subject secret discovers the proof. Anyone who has not yet solved the clue receives no points on Clinton\'s scoreboard for that round. Following the revelation of the first card, "YOU are a SHOPLIFTER," suspicion begins that each guest\'s card does not contain "pretend" gossip but in fact an actual, embarrassing secret. When Clinton does not return from the second evening\'s installment of the game—where the second card was revealed to be "YOU are a HOMOSEXUAL" -- the guests return ashore and discover Clinton\'s corpse. Before contacting authorities, one reveals that his card reads, "YOU are a HIT-AND-RUN KILLER." This begins a macabre game of musical chairs of sorts, with guests jousting over who lays claim to which dirty little secret. There is an increasingly growing paranoia over the obvious implication that both Sheila and Clinton were killed by somebody on this yacht. The game being played is actually just a portion of a more elaborate puzzle created by Clinton, including additional clues that are ever-present and the suggestion that any guest could win the game without even leaving the yacht. "If you\'re smart enough," Clinton taunts. Although his own diabolical game did not end as Clinton planned, characters continue to discover these clues, resulting in another death on board ship and the identity of which guest killed the host.'] ['Raymond Lembecke  is a con just out of prison after serving time for selling drugs for his mob boss Tony Vago .  Lembecke thinks Vago owes him big time so, when his former boss gets him a measly job in a warehouse, he decides on revenge and plans to steal a million dollars worth of drugs from him. Lembecke plans the heist with Marcus Weans  and the disturbed trigger-happy Curtis Freley . They kill an undercover DEA agent  during the heist. They decide to skip town and head to Las Vegas to sell the stolen goods; later they hope to make it to Mexico. As they head out of the city they kidnap a couple who own a recreational vehicle. But soon, hostage Gordon Jacobson  falls under the spell of the Stockholm Syndrome and begins to emulate his kidnappers and wants to stay involved in their hunt. In addition to fleeing the police, the group must avoid an assassin named Sir  who has been dispatched by the mafia.'] ['Johnny McFarley is the local paperboy, When he arrives at elderly Mrs. Thorpe\'s home, Johnny smothers the woman with a plastic bag. The movie then cuts to a teacher making concluding remarks to her 7th grade English class. When Melissa returns home, she receives a phone call from her friend who tells her that her mother has died. Melissa and her daughter, Cammie, travel back to Melissa\'s hometown for her mother\'s funeral. Once Melissa and Cammie arrive at the late Mrs. Thorpe\'s home, they are greeted by an enthusiastic Johnny who kindly offers to take their luggage inside. Johnny asks permission to join them at the funeral. During the limousine ride to the funeral, Johnny reveals that his mother is dead and that his father, a sales representative, is rarely around owing to the nature of his job. After the funeral, Johnny sneaks into the Thorpe house and places a baby monitor in the vent so he can eavesdrop. Later, Melissa invites Johnny to a barbecue that she and Cammie are having in which Johnny accepts under the condition that he is allowed to cook. Johnny video tapes the BBQ while he waits for Melissa, only to discover that she is going on a date with her boyfriend, Brian. When Brenda arrives to babysit Cammie, Johnny reacts violently by smashing a barbecue plate and then retreats to his home. Later that night, Johnny walks back to Melissa\'s house with a letter of apology only to stumble upon Brenda making out with her boyfriend. Brenda catches him and, the next morning, tells Melissa that Johnny has been spying on her. Johnny seeks revenge by tampering with the antenna that Brenda uses to sneak into her bedroom window. Successful in his scheme, Brenda falls and injures herself. Johnny later explains casually to Melissa that Brenda is now paraplegic. When Johny takes Cammie along to collect money from his paper route, he tells her that one of his customers, Mrs. Rosemont, is a witch. When Johnny walks away from Cammie to retrieve his money from the mailbox, Mrs. Rosemont warns Cammie that Johnny has the Mark of Cain and that she should stay away from him. Later, Cammie tells her mother what was revealed to her when she was with Johnny collecting money. Concerned, Melissa confronts Mrs. Rosemont. Johnny sneaks into Melissa\'s house in order to make an apple pie. Melissa is not pleased about this. Later that night, Johnny, along with his father, apologizes for his actions. Melissa tells Johnny that he cannot come to the house unless he is invited. She then tells his father that he should spend more time with him. Johnny\'s father gives his son a set of golf clubs as an apology for not being there for him, and tells Johnny that they will be spending much more time together in California because of a recent promotion. Fearing that he will not see, what he considers to be, "his family" again, Johnny kills his father with a fold-out putter. Soon, Melissa goes to Mrs. Rosemont where it is explained that Johnny was emotionally and physically abused by his mother and that he murdered her. When Johnny finds out about their conversation , Johnny grows angry and rides his bike to Mrs. Rosemont\'s house. He snatches her inhaler and leads her to believe that he killed her dog. Mrs Rosemont then has a fatal heart attack. Johnny then goes to Brian\'s workplace, knocks him out, and sets it on fire. Brian manages to regain consciousness fast enough to escape. Johnny then calls Melissa and tells her to come to his house. Melissa denies Johnny\'s request until she hears Cammie calling her name. Johnny\'s true intentions are finally unveiled when he reveals that he killed Melissa\'s mother to lure them to the house in hopes of starting a new family. Melissa frantically searches Johnny\'s house wherever she hears Cammie\'s voice only to find that the sound has been coming from Johnny\'s home movie and the baby monitor in the basement. As Melissa incessantly refuses to be Johnny\'s mother, an angry Johnny then tries to bury Melissa in a hole created for his father, only to have her escape through the window. Armed with a pickaxe, Johnny pursues Melissa, who is carrying Cammie as she is running. Melissa soon wears out and tells Cammie to run. Johnny and Melissa struggle with the pickaxe until the police arrive. Johnny tries to use this to his advantage, frantically lying, saying Melissa is crazy and tried to kill him. Johnny then sees Brian step out of the squad car, saying that it\'s over. The cops take a hysterical Johnny away as he is begging for Melissa to tell them he is all innocent.'] ['Telly Paretta  believes that her son, Sam, died fourteen months ago in a plane crash, but her husband Jim  tells her that she\'s delusional and that they have never had a son. Dr. Munce  tells her that she\'s delusional and imagining a life that might have been. He recommends that she be sent to a hospital, but she runs away and meets with a man named Ash  who she thinks is the father of a girl who was friends with her son and died in the same crash. At first he dismisses her, claiming he never had a daughter, and calls the police. After she is taken into custody, however, he remembers his daughter and rescues Telly. Together they escape and go into hiding, pursued by National Security agents. Telly and Ash capture an agent , whom they threaten. The agent reluctently reveals that he and other agents are merely helping "them" and that they do so to protect humankind. The roof of the house blows off and the agent, along with the roof, is sucked into the sky — presumably taken by "them"- and Telly and Ash flee. Eventually, Telly visits Dr. Munce again and he reveals that the disappearances are the work of "them," and that the government monitors their trials, all too aware that they have no power to stop "them" from doing whatever they want. Doctor Munce takes Telly to an airport and the dilapidated hangar of Quest Airlines, where he introduces her to an agent of “them” . He tells the agent that “It’s over,” and to stop the experiment because it will only cause more harm. The agent replies, saying “It’s not over,” and then tells Telly that she has been a part of an experiment to test whether the bonds between mother and child can be diminished. In her case, her memories could not be erased. Telly refuses to deny her son\'s existence. She is then shown a door and through it she sees her son playing with toys. She tries to cross the doorway, but is repelled by an invisible barrier. The agent mentions that if he fails to erase her memory then he will look like a failure. The agent then subdues her and finally succeeds in erasing her memories of her son. During further questioning, though, a question about the name of her son triggers Telly\'s memory of her pregnancy, and all of her memories of Sam return. This causes the agent to be "abducted" himself, supposedly for his failure to erase her memory. This ends the experiment. Telly finds herself living a normal life, although she remembers everything that has happened. She reunites with Sam at a park. Also at the park is Ash, watching over his daughter. Like Sam, he has no memory of what has happened. Telly "re"-introduces herself, and the two sit and watch the kids play in the playground.  When the film was aired on basic cable the accident was changed, with all mentions of "plane" and "airport" dubbed to "bus" and "terminal".{{cite web}}'] ['Malcolm Anderson is a reporter for a Miami newspaper, who is burned out from years of covering the worst crimes in the city. He promises his girlfriend Christine that they will move away from the city, but he ends up covering a series of grisly murders by a serial killer who calls him telling the reporter that he will kill again. The lines between covering the story and becoming part of it are blurred.'] ["Abel Turner  is a 28 year veteran of the LAPD. A single and widowed father, he is particularly strict with his two children, Marcus  and Celia . As his kids leave for school the new neighbors begin moving in next door. They are a young interracial couple, Chris and Lisa Mattson ([[Patrick Wilson , who are recently married and buying their first home. Chris’s first exchanges with Turner have somewhat hostile undertones, with Abel making comments about Chris’s smoking  and listening to hip hop music. The following night, Chris and Lisa have sex in their swimming pool. Unknown to them, Abel's children are watching. Abel arrives home to see this spectacle and is upset, so he repositions the home security floodlights so they shine into Chris and Lisa's window, keeping them awake. When Chris confronts him, Abel claims that the lights are part of his security system to prevent crime and says that it is a complex process to shut down the system and the lights. Abel attends a housewarming party hosted by Chris and Lisa. He is garrulous but has an edge, and criticizes Chris and his friends for their liberal political and social tendencies, on things ranging from the environment to police brutality and also exposes Chris's smoking to Lisa as Chris has been discarding his cigarrate butts on Abel's lawn. As he leaves, Chris tells Abel that he is starting to take offense to him, but does not plan to move. One evening, they hear noises downstairs, and find the tires of Chris' car slashed. They suspect Abel and call the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department to come but the police are unable to do anything. Chris and Lisa have dinner with Lisa's father, who tells them they could choose to move away, if they wish, because acrimony with a police officer may mean trouble for them. Lisa's father however first ignores Chris, then he asks if they are planning to have children, implying that he is somewhat against Lisa and Chris's marriage. Chris buys his own floodlights, and shines them into Abel's bedroom, although disapproved by Lisa. Lisa later reveals that she is pregnant, which causes conflict as Chris does not yet want to have children  Chris later finds out that Lisa skipped birth control pills to force the issue, and when he confronts her she accuses him of being shortsighted. Abel is suspended without pay for his abuse of a suspect on the job, which brings even more fury out on him. He hosts a loud bachelor party while the kids are away with their aunt. Chris arrives to complain about the music, but Abel continues to harass Chris and Chris leaves upset. Chris plants trees at the fence between their houses, which leads to an almost violent exchange between the two neighbors, as Abel refuses to have their trees hanging over his property without permission. Later Chris goes to a local bar, and as he finishes his drink, Abel enters and tells Chris that he lost his own wife, when a car hit her on a highway. Abel makes a last cryptic comment about his wife, wondering what she was doing out in that area, at that time with her white boss, when she was supposed to be working, implying she was being unfaithful to Abel. Wildfires rage in the hills surrounding the community. The neighbors attend a barbecue in a home down the hill. Abel's informant Clarence Darlington  is sent to trash their home, as another means of making the Mattsons uncomfortable in the neighborhood. Lisa goes home early, surprising him, and they struggle, which leads to her being knocked out, but not before she triggers the alarm. Chris races home upon hearing the alarm, followed by a frustrated Abel. Chris rushes to the injured Lisa, while Abel comes upon his hired criminal trying to escape and shoots him dead in the pool. The Mattsons go to the hospital, where Lisa is found to be okay. The wildfires are not contained and the residents of the neighborhood are instructed to pack a few things and leave their homes. Abel remains at his house hosing off his roof as he does not want to leave his home. He enters the Mattsons' home, hoping to retrieve Clarence's cell phone because he is afraid his call to the perpetrator could be traced, implicating him in the break-in. Before he can find it, Lisa and Chris unexpectedly return from the hospital and Abel returns to his home. Chris thanks Abel for helping him, trying to express a sense of community with Abel. When Chris and Lisa are packing to leave, Chris discovers the cell phone under their bed and picks it up. He dials the last number logged on the phone and hears Abel answer. Chris realizes Abel is responsible for the break-in. Abel comes over with his gun drawn, trying to convince Chris that the perpetrator was a police enemy and was trying to set Abel up. He and Chris struggle and Chris tells Lisa to take the car and the perp's phone and get the police. Abel shoots Lisa's car and she crashes into a parked car. Chris tackles Abel and gets his gun. After pistol whipping Abel and seemingly knocking him out, Chris runs to help Lisa out of the car. This leads to a standoff, with Chris holding Abel's gun and Abel now holding a second gun from his leg holster. Officers of the LA County Sheriff's Department arrive. Abel hides his gun behind his back and tries to convince them Chris is unbalanced due to the break-in and attack on Lisa earlier that day. Chris refuses to drop his weapon until Abel puts his down, but Abel raises his arms and insists that he is unarmed. Chris finally throws Abel off, by asking about his wife's death and how he was unable to recognize that she had become unfaithful to him. Infuriated, Abel shoots Chris and is promptly gunned down and killed by County Sheriff officers. Chris is taken to an ambulance with a gunshot wound to the chest, but is told he will live. He and Lisa later talk about their pride in their home, neighborhood, and soon-to-be family."] ['A neurosurgeon hires an amnesiac to murder his wife, believing that the man will have no memory of what he had done, providing him a perfect alibi.'] ['A struggling, unemployed young writer  takes to following strangers around the streets of London, ostensibly to find inspiration for his first novel. Initially, he sets strict rules for himself regarding whom he should follow and for how long, but soon discards them as he focuses on a well-groomed, handsome man in a dark suit. The man in the suit, having noticed he is being followed, quickly confronts the Young Man and introduces himself as "Cobb". Cobb reveals that he is a serial burglar and invites The Young Man to accompany him on various burglaries. The material gains from these crimes seem to be of secondary importance to Cobb, who takes pleasure in rifling through the personal items in his targets\' flats, and doing things such as drinking their wine. He explains that his true passion is using the shock of robbery and violation of property to make his victims re-examine their lives. He sums up his attitude thus: "You take it away, and show them what they had." The Young Man is thrilled by Cobb\'s lifestyle. He attempts break-ins of his own, as Cobb encourages and guides him. At Cobb\'s suggestion, he alters his appearance, cutting his hair short and wearing a dark suit. The Young Man assumes the name "Daniel Lloyd" based on the credit card Cobb gives to him and begins to pursue a relationship with a blonde woman whose flat he and Cobb burglarized. The Blonde turns out to be the girlfriend of a small-time gangster  whom she broke up with after he murdered a man in her flat. Soon, the Blonde confides that the Bald Guy is blackmailing her with incriminating photographs. The Young Man breaks into the Bald Guy\'s safe, but is caught in the act by an unidentified man. The Young Man bludgeons the man with a claw hammer and flees with the Bald Guy\'s money and photos. Upon returning to his flat, he finds that the photos are innocuous modeling shots. Confronting the Blonde, the Young Man learns that she and Cobb have been working together to manipulate him into mimicking Cobb\'s burglary methods. Cobb had recently discovered a murdered woman\'s body during one of his burglaries, and is attempting to deflect suspicion from himself by making it appear as though multiple burglars share his MO. The Young Man leaves to turn himself in to the police. The Blonde reports her success to Cobb, who then reveals that he actually works for the Bald Guy. The story about the murdered woman was part of a plot to deceive both the Blonde and the Young Man: The Blonde has been blackmailing the Bald Guy with evidence from the murder he committed in her flat, and he wants her murdered in such a way that it cannot be connected to him. Cobb bludgeons the Blonde to death with the same claw hammer that the Young Man used during the burglary of the Bald Guy\'s safe and leaves it at the scene. The police, checking out the Young Man\'s story, find the Blonde murdered and the claw hammer with his finger prints on it. The Young Man is implicated for all of Cobb\'s crimes, along with the murder of the blonde woman. Meanwhile, Cobb vanishes into a crowd.'] ['Mary Reilly is a lonely servant in the home of Dr. Henry Jekyll, devoted to her position and her master. Slowly, a gradual friendship between Mary and the doctor begins as well as a growing attraction. However, the household is thrown into turmoil when the master announces he will be getting an assistant. The staff speculate on his employment, as he is never fully seen and remains a mystery. Mary delivers Jekyll\'s breakfast. One day he asks of her scars. She later explains about her abusive father, and how he tortured her with rats when she was young. Jekyll asks a favor of her, to deliver a letter. It is to a Mrs. Farraday, who is the madam of a whorehouse. The madam agrees to accommodate the doctor\'s assistant in one of her apartments. Mary\'s curiosity about the assistant causes her to follow him secretly into the doctor\'s lab one night, where she witnesses him handing over a cheque for blood money. When she sees him returning, she hides in the lab as the exit door appears to be locked. She is terrified as Hyde discovers her hiding place, but he just throws her a key. The next morning, she finds Jekyll in the yard with a sprained ankle so she helps him back to his room. He asks her more questions about her father. Early the next morning, Jekyll wakes her and asks her to deliver another letter to Mrs. Farraday. When she arrives at the brothel, the madam is furious. She shows Mary the room that has been let to Hyde and it is covered in blood. Mary returns with a blood stained handkerchief of Jekyll\'s with a message that Farraday will do what is necessary to conceal the bloody event. While cleaning the library, Mary finally meets the handsome and enigmatic Edward Hyde. Although initially repelled, Mary soon finds herself drawn towards his passionate nature. He teases her about her father. The next day, when delivering Jekyll\'s breakfast, she is cross with him for breaking her confidence. He apologizes for his assistant, and he asks her to accompany Hyde on an errand. They visit the slaughterhouse yard where there is blood and entrails everywhere. When they return with the organs that the doctor requires for his research, Hyde again torments Mary, asking if she is aware of how much Jekyll longs to touch her. He instructs her to fetch tea, but on the way she answers the door to Mrs. Farraday, who insists on seeing Jekyll, and so Mary takes her through to the lab. Jekyll is there, but not at all pleased to see Farraday. She demands more money for her continued silence. Mary leaves them alone, but while she is out watering the garden, she notices the lights in the lab go out. Investigating, she discovers nothing but a small pool of blood on the theater table. Mary did not see Hyde, who is hidden, and after having killed Mrs Farraday, is joking with her head. While cleaning in Jekyll\'s study, Hyde again corners her, but apologizes for his earlier rudeness. He then crushes a tea cup, cutting his hand quite badly. When asked later by Poole about the broken crockery, she confesses, taking all the blame. The next time she delivers the doctor\'s breakfast, he said he knows she lied, as he knows that it was not her fault. She receives a letter later, informing her that her mother has died. When she went to her mother\'s dwelling to visit the body, the landlord says he has sold her belongings in order to recoup outstanding rent. Mary states she wants to give her mother a proper burial and goes out into the fog to find a funeral parlor. She is grabbed in an alley by Hyde who is being chased by mounted police. He hides behind her as they rush by. He thanks her for being in the right place at the right time, kisses her, then leaves. When she returns to the house, she is greeted by a policeman who shows her into the dining room where she is questioned by a detective in connection to the murder of Jekyll\'s school friend, Sir Danvers Carew, a Member of Parliament. He asks if she has seen Hyde in the last 24 hours, to which she lies and says no. When she meets Jekyll later, he said she should not have risked so much and lied for Hyde. Danvers may have been "corrupt and frivolous," the doctor says, but he never deserved to be murdered. He said he has given Hyde money to disappear. Mary buries her mother, but as she leaves the cemetery she is confronted by her father who pleads with her to meet with him occasionally, claiming that he is terminally ill. Crying, she refuses and leaves him behind. When delivering the usual breakfast, she is surprised to discover Hyde in the doctor\'s bed. She tries to get away to raise the alarm, but he stops her. Hyde then reveals to her his true nature. He explains that the doctor injects himself with a serum, a cure for his depression, and that Hyde is the resulting cure. He in turn injects the \'antidote\' to resume being Jekyll. He said that he now has the ability to appear without the aid of Jekyll\'s serum. Hyde, then, takes her into Jekyll\'s room and tries to persuade her to have sex with him. Shocked, Mary wishes to leave. He releases her, and she joins her colleagues in the kitchen. They are interrupted by Jekyll who orders Poole to take a sample of a potion to the chemists and ask them to analyze it. He is to wait until they are successful as this is a matter of life and death. Mary realises that Jekyll is talking about the antidote. She helps him back to the lab and asks if what Hyde told her is true. He is surprised she had not guessed. Unfortunately, Poole returns unsuccessfully. Mary packs her things to leave, but on her way out, she decides to visit the lab. Hyde is there and grabs her, smashing bottles all around. He holds a knife to her throat but something prevents him from killing her. Hyde says that he always knew that Mary "would be the death of us." He injects himself with the antidote, and Mary is forced to witness the horrific transformation between one man to the other. Jekyll reveals that Hyde has mixed a poison with the antidote. Mary asks if this is some form of revenge against Jekyll, but he insists that is a release. He then dies in Mary\'s arms.'] ["The film tells the story of a psychiatrist, Dr. Cross , who is treating a young woman, Janet Stewart , who is in a coma-state, brought on when she heard loud arguing, went to her window and saw a man strike his wife with a candlestick and kill her. It also stars Lynn Bari as Dr. Cross's nurse/lover, Elaine Jordan. As Stewart comes out of her shock, she recognizes Dr. Cross as the killer. He then takes her to his sanitarium and at Elaine's urging, gives Janet an overdose of insulin under the pretense of administering insulin shock therapy. He can't bring himself to murder her in cold blood, though, and asks Elaine to get the medicine to save her. Elaine refuses, they argue, and he strangles her. A colleague of Dr. Cross, Dr. Harvey, saves Janet's life and Dr. Cross is taken into custody by a lawyer from the District Attorney's office."] ['Ten year old Joey Fane returns home from the special school he has attended since the death of his toddler sister. But at home he creates a terrible fuss, moving from the bedroom Nanny has prepared for him to one with a strong lock and access to the fire escape, refusing to eat anything Nanny cooks and adamant that Nanny shall not come near him. He even accuses Nanny of trying to kill him. Nanny runs the Fane household, but in practice infantilizes the women of the Fane family. Everyone assumes Joey is deeply disturbed and dangerous, but it emerges he is quite right to be afraid of Nanny.'] ['After miraculously recovering from a bullet wound to the head, Gulf War veteran Jack Starks  returns to Vermont in 1992, suffering from periods of amnesia. While walking, he sees a young girl, Jackie , and her mother  in despair beside their broken-down truck. Starks and Jackie quickly form a certain affinity; she asks him to give her his dogtags and he does so. He gets the truck started for them and continues on his way. Shortly after, a man driving along the same highway gives Jack a ride and they get pulled over by a policeman. The scene changes: Starks is found lying on the deserted roadside near the dead policeman, with a slug from the policeman\'s gun in his body. The murder weapon is on the ground nearby. Although he testifies there was someone else at the scene, he is not believed because of his amnesia. Starks is found not guilty by reason of insanity and is incarcerated in a mental institution. Starks is subjected to the experiments of Dr. Thomas Becker , a psychiatrist. In December 1992 Starks is injected with experimental drugs, forcibly bound in a straitjacket and then placed inside a morgue drawer as a form of sensory deprivation. While in this condition, he is somehow able to travel 15 years into the future and stay there for a short time. He meets an older version of Jackie  at a roadside diner where she works. This happens because it is the only memory he can ever fully hold on to. Seeing him standing forlornly, she takes pity on him and offers him shelter, just for the night. While in her apartment, Starks comes across his own dogtags and questions her. Jackie tells him that Jack Starks died on 1 January 1993 and so he cannot possibly be who he says he is. She becomes upset and asks him to leave. Subsequently, Starks is transported back to the future on several occasions in the course of his treatment and, after earning her trust, they try to figure out how to make use of the time-travelling so as to remove Jack from the hospital and save his life. Early on 1 January 1993, knowing his time is fast running out, Starks slips out of the hospital and travels to the home of Jackie and her mother. He gives the mother a letter he has written. The letter outlines Jackie\'s bleak future and warns the mother that she is fated to orphan Jackie when she falls asleep with a cigarette and is burned to death. When he returns to the hospital, Starks slips on ice and hits his head; bleeding profusely, he convinces two hospital doctors, who are sympathetic to him, to put him into the jacket one last time. Starks returns to 2007, where he finds that his letter has made all the difference. Jackie now has a better life than in the previous version of 2007 - no longer a waitress, she\'s dressed in a nurse\'s uniform and has a noticeably more cheerful outlook. They reprise their first 2007 meeting: she sees Starks standing in the snow and initially drives past him, but backs up when she notices his head wound. She stops and offers to take him to the hospital where she works. While they are in the car, Jackie receives a call from her mother — still alive and well. They drive on, the screen fades to white, and a voice-over reveals that the link to the "previous" future is not lost when Jackie says "How much time do we have?", a question she has asked him before. As the credits start to roll, the answer to the question is given by the words of the song: "We have all the time in the world".'] ['While in post-production on a low-budget exploitation film, Philadelphia sound technician Jack Terry  is told by his producer that he needs a more realistic sounding scream and better wind effects. After leaving the studio to record potential sound effects at a local park, he sees a car careen off the road and plunge into a nearby lake. Jack dives into the water to help, discovering a dead man and a young woman, still alive, trapped inside the submerged car. He pulls her to safety and accompanies her to a local hospital. Jack learns that the driver of the car was the governor ; the girl was an escort named Sally . Associates of the governor attempt to whitewash the incident by concealing that Sally was in the car, and they convince Jack to smuggle Sally out of the hospital with him. Jack listens to the audio tape he recorded of the accident, wherein he distinctly hears a gunshot just before the blow out that caused the accident. He sees a television report that, seemingly by coincidence, Manny Karp  was also in the park that night and filmed the accident with a motion picture camera. When Karp sells stills from his film to a local tabloid, Jack splices them together into a crude movie and syncs them with the audio he recorded, becoming even more suspicious that the accident was actually an assassination. Unbeknownst to Jack, Sally and Karp were both co-conspirators in a larger plot against the governor. The gunman, Burke , intended that Sally also die in the crash. He begins murdering local women bearing a resemblance to Sally, whose deaths are attributed to a serial killer, "the Liberty Bell Strangler." Jack draws Sally into his own private investigation of the incident. She steals Karp\'s film of the car accident, which, when synced to Jack\'s audio, clearly reveals the gunshot that anticipated the blow out. Nevertheless, nobody believes Jack\'s story, and every move he makes is immediately silenced by a seemingly widespread conspiracy. Finally, Jack attempts to gather irrefutable proof of the assassination attempt, wiring Sally with a hidden microphone and sending her off to meet a purported media contact. Shadowing her from a distance, he is alarmed to see that his supposed contact is Burke, not the reporter. Sally is the last loose end for Burke to eliminate, and her death will be attributed to the "Strangler." Immediately realizing that she is in danger, Jack attempts to warn her, but Sally and Burke slip out of range and into the Liberty Day parade. Jack makes a mad dash across Philadelphia, attempting to head them off and rescue Sally. He crashes his Jeep, though and is knocked out. By the time Jack awakens, Burke has taken Sally to a rooftop where he attacks her. Still listening in on his earpiece, Jack spots them. He hears Sally screaming as he rushes to save her, but he is too late. He arrives just after Burke has strangled her to death and is marking her body with the Strangler\'s signature bell pattern. Jack takes Burke by surprise and tries to capture him, but Burke, laughing in his face, commits suicide. Jack, devastated and on his knees, then takes Sally\'s lifeless body in his arms. Ironically, Burke\'s death ties up the last loose end and the cover-up is a success. Jack begins listening to the recording of Sally\'s voice over and over again, becoming obsessed with it. In the last scene, Jack is back in the editing room and it is shown that he used Sally\'s death scream in the exploitation film. The producer is ecstatic that he found a perfect scream and plays it multiple times, forcing Jack to cover his ears.'] ['The nameless narrator  is a traveling automobile company employee who suffers from insomnia. His doctor refuses to give him medication and advises him to visit a support group to witness more severe suffering. The narrator attends a support group for testicular cancer victims and, after fooling them into thinking that he is a fellow victim, finds an emotional release that relieves his insomnia. He becomes addicted to attending support groups and pretending to be a victim, but the presence of another impostor, Marla Singer , disturbs him, so he negotiates with her to avoid their meeting at the same groups. After a flight home from a business trip, the narrator finds his apartment destroyed by an explosion. He calls Tyler Durden , a soap salesman whom he befriended on the flight, and they meet at a bar. A conversation about consumerism leads to Tyler inviting the narrator to stay at his place; outside the bar he requests that the narrator hit him. The two engage in a fistfight, and the narrator subsequently moves into Tyler\'s dilapidated house. They have further fights outside the bar, and these attract a crowd of men. The fighting moves to the bar\'s basement where the men form a "fight club". Marla overdoses on pills and telephones the narrator for help; he ignores her, but Tyler answers the call and saves her. Tyler and Marla become sexually involved, and Tyler warns the narrator never to talk to Marla about him. More fight clubs form across the country, and under Tyler\'s leadership, they become the anti-materialist and anti-corporate organization called "Project Mayhem". The narrator complains to Tyler that he wants to be more involved in the organization, but Tyler suddenly disappears. When a member of Project Mayhem is killed by the police during a botched sabotage operation, the narrator tries to shut down the project, and follows evidence of Tyler\'s national travels to track him down. In one city, a Project member greets the narrator as Tyler Durden. The narrator calls Marla from his hotel room and discovers that Marla also believes him to be Tyler. He suddenly sees Tyler in his room, and Tyler explains that they are dissociated personalities in the same body. Tyler controls the narrator\'s body when the narrator is asleep. The narrator blacks out after the conversation. When he wakes, he discovers from his telephone log that Tyler made calls during his blackout. He uncovers Tyler\'s plans to erase debt by destroying buildings that contain credit card companies\' records. The narrator tries to contact the police but finds that the officers are members of the Project. He attempts to disarm explosives in a building, but Tyler subdues him and moves to a safe building to watch the destruction. The narrator, held by Tyler at gunpoint, realizes that in sharing the same body with Tyler, he himself is actually holding the gun. He fires it into his mouth, shooting through the cheek without killing himself. Tyler collapses with an exit wound to the back of his head, and the narrator stops mentally projecting him. Afterward, Project Mayhem members bring a kidnapped Marla to him, believing him to be Tyler, and leave them alone. The explosives detonate, collapsing the buildings, and the narrator and Marla watch the scene, holding hands.'] ['This film follows Jane  who has inherited a rent-controlled brownstone apartment from her aunt, and, despite her boyfriend Greg\'s  appeals, has decided to move in and live on her own for the first time. Almost immediately she is introduced to the pleasures of living in an apartment building, as she quickly draws the ire of her downstairs neighbor , who pounds on the ceiling when she makes any noise at all. The next morning, she finds a warning note on her door, which she quickly dismisses. However, as more drastic actions seem to be taken against her, such as infestations of mice and live maggots, and even break-ins, Jane begins to suspect that her neighbor wants her out. Determined to stand her ground, Jane ignores her boyfriend\'s pleading and decides to stick it out. But when she is attacked in her home, Jane decides to take action herself. The attacker is revealed to be a seemingly-kindly older man who warmed up to Jane and seemed to look out for her initially. He invites her into his apartment and when Jane realizes that his ceiling is "mapped" with the layout of the apartment above - just as she discovered in the apartment beneath hers - she sees the truth of what\'s going on. After being knocked out, she fights her way through a room full of packing noodles, injuring her attacker by hitting him in the head with a metal rod she finds in the room. She then runs to her apartment and locks herself in. She soon realizes that she is in effect trapped and can\'t leave because her attacker has tied her door knob to the stairway railing. Seeing that the window is the only way in/out, she decides to hide in the fireplace, behind the fireplace shield. Her attacker breaks through the window and eventually finds her. After a brief struggle - involving a creepy locksmith she called on earlier,  who comes to her rescue but is quickly subdued - Jane stomps on the floor until a large decoration hanging over her doorway falls on the attacker. She then runs out the door which had been untied by the locksmith and is quickly caught again in the hallway. Suddenly, Greg appears and asks the attacker to hand over the knife he is holding against Jane. During the pause, Jane suddenly lunges at her attacker, pushing him over the stair railing and down 5 flights of stairs to his death. Later, as Jane is continuing to unpack boxes and put things in their place, she is talking to her attorney in the office. The attorney tells her that the locksmith, , had something to show Jane. She says that was good because she meant to thank him. The final scene reveals that the locksmith is looking through the window and sketching/painting what he sees. The camera pans through the room and we see him working on a new sketch as well as several of the pictures he\'s already completed from what he\'s seen in Jane\'s building. The camera stops on a picture showing Greg and Jane\'s attacker talking at a table in front of the typewriter used to type threatening messages to Jane.'] ['{{Plot}} The movie starts with a recorded 911 distress call from a boy who is screaming that he and his friend found two bodies lying in blood in an old vacation home. Kristen McKay  and James Hoyt  arrive to a remote summer vacation home owned by James\'s parents after attending a friend\'s wedding reception. He had just proposed to her there, but she refused. Shortly after arriving in the middle of the night, a young blonde woman , whose face is obscured by low lighting, knocks on the front door asking for Tamara, but leaves after James and Kristen tell her she is at the wrong house. A short while later, James leaves to get Kristen a pack of cigarettes, and the woman returns and begins to pound harshly on the front door. Kristen refuses to open up, locks all the doors, and tries to call James on her cell phone, when she discovers that the phone battery is running dead. She plugs it into the wall to charge near the fireplace and calls James on the house phone briefly before the line goes dead. She returns to the fireplace to retrieve her cell phone, but it has disappeared. Kristen then hears a noise coming from the back door. She grabs a large kitchen knife and opens the curtains, seeing a man wearing a sack mask over his head. Kristen screams and trips over a record player, and it begins to skip repeatedly. The front door then opens slightly, and Kristen peeks outside, only to see the blonde woman in a Dollface mask. She slams and locks the door before going to hide in the bedroom. After yelling "go away," the noises eventually stop, at which point she hears footsteps coming from the hallway, which turn out to be from James. As she explains what happened while he was gone, he tries to calm her down. She frantically explains to James that she saw a man in a mask, and heard loud banging noises. James is not worried about the incidents, thinking that they were caused by some teenagers fooling around. He goes outside to his car, whose tires have been slashed and its windshield smashed in. As he searches the car, someone touches his back, but runs away before he is able to turn around and see who it was. Once he turns back to the car, he looks up and sees Dollface, and asks her to leave. After she runs off, James persuades Kristen that they need to escape in their car. When they are backing out of the driveway, a large truck pulls up behind them with its floodlights on, revealing another woman, this one wearing a Pin-up mask. After she smashes the truck into the couples\' car, James and Kristen run back into the house, where they find the word hello written all over the window and wall in the bedroom. James searches for and finds his father\'s shotgun and shells. They decide to run for it. As the couple approach the front door armed with the gun, the Man in the Mask begins breaking down the door with an axe. Terrified, the couple block the door with a piano, and James attempts to shoot him, but misses. The couple decide to hole up in a closet, facing the open doorway with the shotgun armed and ready. They hear footsteps in the house, and one of the intruders puts on a country record. James\'s friend, Mike , whom James contacted earlier, arrives at the house in his car. When he tries to call James\'s cell phone, it goes straight to voicemail. But while he is leaving a message, a rock crashes through his windshield, prompting him to jump out of the car. Baffled, he notices country music playing loudly from the house. He steps onto the porch and fails to notice Dollface hiding in the shadows there before entering the house. As Mike walks down the hallway, the Man in the Mask appears behind him, holding up the axe. When Mike steps in front of the closet, James fires the shotgun, thinking it is one of the masked killers, and kills Mike by shooting him in the face. After James and Kristen realize they killed Mike, James remembers an old radio in the shed and says it is their only hope. James leaves the house, promising Kristen that he will return in a few minutes, but Kristen decides not to wait for him to return, and leaves to go to the shed in the backyard. There, she finds the radio, which she uses to try and contact someone for help, but when she raises her voice, Pin-Up Girl appears and smashes the radio. Kristen returns to the house to look for James. As she walks down the hall, she hears a few keys being played on the piano, followed by footsteps, and the lights suddenly shut off. The Man in the Mask enters the hallway, but does not notice Kristen, as he is looking in the other direction. Kristen hides in the kitchen pantry while the man searches the hallway. He sits down at the table a few feet away from the closet before leaving the room. Kristen peers out of the closet, only to find the blond, masked woman staring back at her. The woman breaks the pantry door in, but suddenly stops. Kristen exits the closet to find the woman waiting for her with a knife. Kristen opens a kitchen drawer to arm herself as well when James is pushed into the house by the masked man, who now has the gun. When James tells Kristen to run, she sprints for the front door, only to find Pin-Up girl blocking her way. She runs into a bedroom and slams the door before attempting to escape through the window, and suddenly the lights come back on and the door swings open. Kristen walks back toward the hall to see who opened the door, when the Man in the Mask grabs her and throws her into the wall. Barely conscious, she is dragged down the hallway. James and Kristen wake up the next day and find themselves tied to chairs in the living room while the three strangers stand over them. Before removing their masks, Pin-Up Girl walks into the kitchen and returns with a large knife. Kristen asks, "Why are you doing this to us?" and Dollface answers, "Because you were home." Each of the strangers then takes turns stabbing James and Kristen seemingly to death. Then, shortly after the strangers stab her, Kristen hears Mike\'s phone ringing near his body and crawls toward it, but then the man wearing the sack mask comes and picks up the phone and breaks it leaving Kristen there. The trio leaves in an old pick-up truck and spot two young boys , prompting them to stop. Dollface takes one of the fliers that they are handing out and one of the boys asks her if she is a sinner, to which she replies, "Sometimes". As they drive away, Pin-Up Girl tells her, "It\'ll be easier next time." The trio leaves and the boys arrive at the house, finding the car windows crashed and the door open. The boys head in the house in curiosity only to find James and Kristen lying unmoving in the living room. One of the boys goes up to Kristen, and as he is about to touch her, she grabs his arm and screams in terror as the scene blacks out.'] ['In Eastern Europe, a group of American college athletes unknowingly board a train that will become one deadly ride. The students are participating in a wrestling championship; they include Todd  and his girlfriend Alex , Sheldon , Claire , and young assistant coach Willy . After a hard match, they sneak away from their hotel to an underground club. However, the next morning, they return too late for their train to Odessa. Coach Harris  has stayed behind to wait for them. At the station, a woman named Dr. Velislava  approaches and explains that train tickets are normally purchased after one has boarded. The coach and team members join her in boarding the train. Two workers from the train take their passports, and later burn them. In the dinner car, the coach is joined by the doctor, who flirts with him. They go to his room to have sex, and she injects him with a tranquilizer. In the following scene, the coach is seen in a torture chamber, screaming as he is stitched in the abdomen. Meanwhile, Todd has wandered down to the far end of the train into what he believes is a freight car, but turns out to be the quasi-torture chamber where the coach lies dead. Todd is strung up and tortured horribly. Soon after, Sheldon is attacked by the two demented workers, who drag him to the torture car; his genitalia are cut off and he is stitched back up. Willy and the girls are now searching the train looking for their friends. Willy and Alex find the torture chamber; they free Sheldon, who is still alive, and when they see the vivisected Todd is still breathing, Sheldon kills him. Just then, the torturer arrives dragging in Claire. Willy and Alex escape, chased by the torturer, but Sheldon and Claire are left behind. Alex and Willy are caught by the doctor; they realize all the other passengers are transplant patients, and tourists are being harvested for organs. Back in the torture car, Claire is still alive despite having a huge iron hook driven through her jaw. She, Alex, and Willy watch in horror as Sheldon is vivisected and his heart pulled out. While the captors go to another car to perform the transplant, Alex manages to escape and hide in a sleeper compartment. The next morning, at a military checkpoint, the conductor drags Claire off the train to give to the platoon as a bribe. The passengers  watch the platoon feed her to their dog on the side of the track as the train pulls away. That night the train reaches what appears to be a huge medieval hospital. Alex, disguised, sneaks off into the building, and soon finds Willy, horribly injured but still alive, chained to a bed. They escape into the woods. In the morning, Alex leaves Willy behind briefly, but then from a distance she sees him brutally murdered by the torturers from the hospital. Now determined, she returns to the train, still parked near the hospital and about to pull away to its next destination. Alex kills each of her torturers, douses the train with gasoline and sets it ablaze. She escapes down the tracks, and in the last scene, we see her some time later, about to enter a wrestling match with grim confidence.'] ['The movie opens on divorce proceedings involving Ray Reardon , a successful architect, and his first wife. Shortly after their divorce, he agrees to go to a gallery opening to meet a woman that his obnoxious friend, Norman ([[Larry Miller , sets him up with. While he is there, he embarrasses himself by bumping into a woman , making her spill wine on herself. She wastes no time verbally abusing him. A week later, he runs into the woman, named Lena Mathers, at the supermarket. She apologizes for her behavior and the two go to dinner. They have sex the next day, marry shortly thereafter and become parents. Despite his happiness in the marriage, Ray becomes suspicious after catching Lena in several lies about her past. Over time, Ray becomes increasingly paranoid when his wife begins sporting bruises that she will not explain and begins doing things that indicate that she is having an affair. During a tense confrontation, Lena taunts Ray by claiming to have had an affair with an unnamed friend of his and refusing to tell Ray if their children are biologically his. Ray hits Lena, who then has him arrested and committed to a mental hospital for observation. Despite an attempt to prove that Lena has been lying, the judge finds Ray to be mentally incompetent and orders him held for six months. Shortly after Ray has been committed, Lena privately admits to him that his suspicions about her were correct all along and that she did what she did to get his money. After Ray convinces one of his friends to tell Lena that she has made a mistake in her "master plan", Lena shows up at his birthday party to talk to him. Ray lures her away from the attendants who are supposed to be supervising him and tells her that having him declared insane was the "mistake" because he could not be held legally accountable for killing her. He then strangles her to death on the lawn.'] ['Dr. Larry Roberts , a Beverly Hills plastic surgeon, is puzzled when four beautiful models working in television commercials request cosmetic surgery to make changes so minor as to be imperceptible to the naked eye. When these models later start dying under mysterious circumstances, he discovers they are all linked to the same advertisement research firm. The Digital Matrix research firm rates advertising models using a scoring system to measure the combined visual impact of various physical attributes in television commercials. In an experiment to increase their scores, some models are sent to Dr. Roberts to get cosmetic surgery to maximize their visual impacts. Though the models are physically perfect after the surgeries, they still are not as effective as desired, so the research firm decides to use a different approach. Each model is offered a contract to have her body scanned digitally to create 3D computer-generated models, then the 3D models are animated for use in commercials. The contract deals seem to be incredibly lucrative for the models: once their bodies are represented digitally, they get a paycheck for life, never having to work again, since their digital model is used for all their future work in commercials. However, when these same models start dying under mysterious circumstances, Roberts becomes suspicious and decides to investigate Digital Matrix. He has a strong interest in investigating the deaths: he is considered a prime suspect by the police  and his most recent patient, Cindy , is the last of the models to be digitally scanned. During his investigation, Roberts discovers some advanced-technology devices the Digital Matrix corporation is using to hypnotize consumers into buying the products they advertise. He also discovers the Light Ocular-Oriented Kinetic Emotive Responses  gun, a light pulse device that gives the illusion of invisibility by instantly mesmerizing its victims into losing all sense of time.'] ['The film opens with Stanley  on his boat in the middle of Summit Lake. After speaking with his agent, Regan  over the phone, Stanley accesses a hidden room in his house revealing a young woman who is chained to the floor by her ankle. He gives her a change of clothes and instructs her to dress, before gagging her with an orange and binding her hands behind her back. He then forcibly escorts her onto his boat, which stops in the middle of Summit Lake. Stanley then ties a cement block around her ankles. Curious as to how his captive feels in her predicament, he asks, "Knowing that you\'re going to die, how do you feel?" Upon hearing this question, the woman becomes paralyzed with fear and says nothing. Stanley then pushes her off his boat, but promptly grabs her by the hair and pulls her back up to study her expression before letting her sink once and for all. Later, Stanley returns home to resume working on his script using the details he had gleaned from his latest victim. The following morning he dives to the bottom of Summit Lake to tend his "garden", which consists of several women kidnapped and drowned in a similar fashion. Seeking yet another victim, Stanley discovers Mallory , a young woman working at a movie theater. Intrigued by her self-confessed fear of water, Stanley follows Mallory after she leaves work and abruptly swerves in front of her, slamming the brakes on his van and forcing their vehicles to collide. After checking on Mallory, Stanley turns his attention to his dogs, which are heard barking from the van. Mallory follows him to the back of the van, but before she can react, Stanley throws the doors wide and pushes her into the van, which is completely empty save for the recording of barking dogs, and an ominous message spelled out in yellow tape that reads, "I\'m the person your mother warned you about." Stanley locks his new victim away in his secret room, but Mallory is defiant and shows him no fear. Eventually, he lies to Mallory and tells her that he\'ll let her go free, but that she would have to face her fear and go for a ride on his boat. He then blindfolds her and drives around for a while to disorient her before they board the boat. Stanley attempts to drown her in the lake, but she is quickly rescued by local police officer Boone and a couple who own a movie special-effects shop nearby. After taking time to recuperate, Mallory then gives the idea to make a plaster-mold of herself, with a camera as an eye, to catch the killer when he returns to his garden. When Stanley returns to the bodies, he discovers the ploy and quickly escapes, his identity hidden by his scuba mask. Mallory, assuming herself safe, stays at a hotel room for the night, but is soon discovered and recaptured by Stanley who immediately prepares to drown her again. However, complications arise when Stanley\'s agent Regan and the director to the film he is writing arrive at the cabin unexpectedly. He kills the director with a cleaver, then imprisons Regan with Mallory. He then takes them both to the lake to drown them, but Boone and the other police dive in and quickly release Mallory. Although Regan\'s body is recovered, Stanley is presumed dead, having snagged his leg on a rope in his own garden. Mallory tries to recover from the experience, though she continues to be haunted by visions of her former captor. The last scene has a person pitching a movie to a new agent, in which a killer buries his victims alive. The agent asks them how the person feels as they\'re buried alive. The camera reveals the person to be Stanley with a new look, as he says "I\'m still doing the research."'] ['{{Plot}} The film opens with Brad , an out of work musician, making a cup of latte for his wife Lexi  who is still in bed. She soon leaves for work and Brad is left at home alone. Over the radio he hears that several suspected dirty bombs have been detonated across Los Angeles. He exits his house and sees large amounts of smoke rising from the city center and gets into his car to drive towards the city center in order to find her. Brad tries to contact her through her cell phone, but only receives a busy signal. He soon finds that most roads now have police blockades. An ash covered car is stopped by the police. One policeman notices Brad watching from inside his car and goes over to him to tell him to go back home. The police officers aim their weapons at the driver as he gets out and demand that he get back into his car. He ignores their warning and is shot down by the police. Brad decides to leave and go back home when he encounters a small boy called Timmy  who is watching the rising smoke from the city center. Brad tells him to run home to his parents as fast as he can as it is not safe where he is. Once home Alvaro ([[Tony Perez  enters the house and asks Brad if he can stay with him as there is no one at the neighbor\'s house where he was working. They hear that survivors of the blasts are being quarantined as the weapons were dirty bombs and the authorities advise people to seal up their homes before the contaminated dust cloud reaches them. Brad and Alvaro then proceed to seal up the house with duct tape and plastic. As it becomes increasingly more obvious that Lexi might not come home, he takes some of Lexi\'s clothes and leaves them outside the back door with some food and water. Brad and Alvaro then proceed to seal off the front door. Radio newscasts claim that the bombs contained several toxins and an unknown viral strain. Lexi has been involved in a car crash but is still alive. She walks home still covered in the dust and Brad realizes she could infect both himself and Alvaro so does not let her in. Lexi becomes desperate believing that Brad had planned to lock her out of the house. She loses her temper and throws her cell phone at one of the door panes, breaking it. Brad and Alvaro both rush to cover up the breakage and seal it off. Together they manage to calm down Lexi. Brad then seals off the main bedroom from the rest of the house so that Lexi can get into it. Lexi receives a call from her mother, who realizes that she was near the explosion and is probably infected. Her pleas for Lexi to go to a hospital fall on deaf ears, as Lexi tells her that the rest of the country is seeing news that is not reflecting the reality of the situation. A car alarm goes off revealing Timmy standing next to it. Lexi calls him over and Brad seals off another part of the house in order for Lexi and Timmy to clean off the ash up in the bathroom. Alvaro soon decides to leave the house as he "needs to be with his wife". Brad tries to convince him to stay but the last we see of Alvaro is him walking down the road slowly getting covered by the ash. Lexi hears a noise from the back and alerts Brad. A masked man appears who reveals himself to be Rick . He tells Lexi that there is a ship on the coast that has medical supplies and is helping people. Lexi, Rick and Timmy leave for help and Brad hears newscasts on the radio saying that the bombs contained a hybrid viral strain that attacks the respiratory system. That same night Brad is visited by a Corporal Marshall  and his men. He asks Brad several questions, such as how well his house has been sealed, who else is there/has been there, and if there had been any contact between him and anyone on the outside. Brad mentions the cell-phone which Lexi had thrown through the window and the marshall demands a sample of the dust off the phone. Marshall tells Brad that he will soon be back with the results and that his wife should under no circumstances be let into the house. As the marshall leaves we hear him recite the home\'s address and say "Red Tag". Lexi returns home the next day without Timmy or Rick and sees the red tag placed outside the house. Lexi tells Brad that Timmy was treated with all the other children and that she saw five men get shot. Lexi rings her brother Jason  so that she can have someone to talk to about simple things to pass the time, after she could not cope with talking to her mother who is frantic with worry about her. The next couple of hours are spent with Brad and Lexi on either side of their back door talking to each other about what they will do, assuming that they survive this crisis. Brad imagines that after this they will both probably end up on one of those morning talk shows where everyone goes to reveal their woes. Troops appear from the side of the house and grab Lexi while preventing Brad from coming outside to interfere with them. The soldier manages to calm Brad down and explains to him that because Brad did such a good job sealing up the house there was no new air to circulate through. The virus  has now multiplied to lethal levels and the air inside the house has become lethal. Brad doesn\'t understand what the soldier is saying and insists that they bring his wife back. The marshall tells him "Please don\'t struggle." A large heavy piece of plywood is put over the back door which completely covers it. A hole is drilled through the wood and a pipe appears through which a gas starts to be pumped in. More boards seal the windows and doors but Brad manages to break down the plywood covering his front door, only to discover that a fumigation tent has been erected over the whole house. He tries to tear through the tent and is knocked unconscious by the rifle butt of a soldier as Lexi screams Brad\'s name. The camera cuts to Brad as he takes his last few breaths. Lexi is sitting on the edge of an ambulance being attended to by a female nurse who says "Say a prayer; you might just make it." The film closes with Lexi in too much shock to say anything, her cell phone ringing.'] ['The film starts with the murder of District Attorney Vargas in Palermo, amongst a climate of demontrations, strikes and political tension between the Left and the government. The subsequent investigation failing, the police assign the protagonist Inspector Rogas  to solve the case. While he is starting his investigation, two judges are killed. All victims turn out to have worked together on several cases. After Rogas discovers evidence of corruption surrounding the three government officials, he is encouraged by superiors "not to forage after gossip," but to trail the "crazy lunatic who for no reason whatever is going about murdering judges." This near admission of guilt drives Rogas to seek out three men wrongfully convicted by the murdered judges. He is joined by a journalist friend working for a far-left newspaper, Cusan. Rogas finds his likely suspect in Cres, a man who was convicted of attempting to kill his wife. Mrs. Cres accused her husband of trying to kill her by poisoning her rice pudding, which she escaped only because she fed a small portion first to her cat, who died. Rogas concludes that he was probably framed by his wife, and seeks him out, only to find that he has disappeared from his house. Meanwhile another district attorney is killed, and eyewitnesses see two young revolutionaries running away from the scene. Rogas, close to finding his man, is demoted, and told to work with the political division to pin the crimes on the revolutionary Leftist terrorist groups. Rogas discovers that his phone is tapped. He seeks out the Supreme Court\'s president  in order to warn him that he is most likely the next victim. The president details a philosophy of justice wherein the court is incapable of error by definition. Music from a party in the same building leads to Rogas discovering the Minister of Justice  at the party with many revolutionary leaders, amongst them the editor of the revolutionary paper Cusan is working for, Galano, and Mrs. Cres. He and the Minister have a discussion, where the Minister reveals that sooner or later, his party will have to form a coalition with the Communist Party, and that it will be their task to prosecute the far-leftist groups. The murdering of the judges as well as Rogas\'s investigations help raising the tensions and justifying the prosecution of the far-left groups. Rogas also discovers that his suspect, Cres, is present at the party. Rogas meets with the Secretary-General of the Communist Party in a museum. Both of them are killed. Amongst raising tensions between revolutionaries and the government, who mobilize the army, the murder of the Secretary-General is blamed on Rogas by the chief of police. The film ends with a discussion between Cusan and the vice-secretary of the Communist Party, who claims that the time is not yet ready for the revolution and the party will not react to the government\'s actions. "But then the people must never know the truth?", asks Cusan. The vice-secretary answers: "The truth is not always revolutionary."'] ['Mima Kirigoe, the lead singer of the J-pop group "CHAM!", decides to leave the band to become an actress. Her first project is a direct-to-video crime drama series called Double Bind. Some of her fans are upset by her change in career and persona, including a stalker known as "Me-Mania." Shortly after leaving CHAM!, Mima receives an anonymous fax calling her a traitor. She also finds a website called "Mima\'s Room", which features public diary entries that seem to be written by her that discuss her life in great detail. She brings the site to the attention of her manager, ex-pop star Rumi Hidaka, but is advised to ignore it. Meanwhile, on the set of Double Bind, Mima succeeds in getting a larger part. However, the producers decide to cast her as a rape victim in a strip club. Rumi warns Mima that it will ruin her reputation, but Mima accepts the part voluntarily. Though it is apparent that Mima is indecisive, the atmosphere of the scene traumatizes her to the point that she increasingly becomes unable to separate reality from fantasy. She can no longer distinguish real life from her work in show business. Several people who had been involved in creating the scene are murdered. She finds evidence that makes her appear to be the prime suspect, and her increasing mental instability makes her doubt her own innocence. It turns out that the diarist of "Mima\'s Room" is delusional and very manipulative, and that an intense folie à deux has been in play. The faux diarist and serial killer, who believes herself to be a Mima who is forever young and graceful, has made a scapegoat of stalker Me-Mania. Mima knocks Me-Mania unconscious with a hammer in self-defense when he attempts to rape her, and she then runs to her only support she has left alive, her manager Rumi. Later on, back in "Mima\'s room", Mima tries to call Mr. Tadakoro but he has also been murdered, along with Mr. Me-Mania who was killed in self-defense. When Mima encounters Rumi, however, her manager is wearing a replica of Mima\'s CHAM! costume and crazily singing Mima\'s pop songs. Rumi is in fact the false diarist, who believes she is the "real Mima". Rumi is angry that Mima has been ruining the "real Mima\'s" reputation, and decides to save "Mima\'s" pristine pop idol image through the same means she has been using all along: murder. Mima manages to incapacitate Rumi in self-defense after a chase through the city despite being wounded herself. Rumi remains permanently delusional and institutionalized. Mima has grown from her experiences and has moved on with her life with newfound independence and confidence.'] ['Malcolm Rivers awaits execution for several vicious murders that took place at a motel. His psychiatrist, Dr. Mallick, has discovered his journal that may explain why he committed the murders. With this late evidence brought forth, a new hearing takes place. A group of 10 strangers find themselves stranded in the middle of a storm in a remote motel, run by Larry Washington. They are a limo driver, Ed Dakota; an 1980s movie star, Caroline Suzanne; a cop, Officer Rhodes, who is transporting a serial killer, Robert Maine; a prostitute, Paris Nevada; a pair of newlyweds, Lou and Ginny Isiana; and a family in crisis, Alice York who has been hit by Ed\'s car and her husband and son George, and Timmy. The group prepares to spend the night; however, they quickly find that there is an unknown murderer present, killing off each of the guests. Caroline is the first to be killed. Ed thinks that Maine killed her and when they check the convict, they discover he has escaped. All the others become worried, and Ginny runs to her room. Her husband Lou chases after her but is also murdered. Ed and Rhodes find the con, knock him out, and put Larry on duty guarding him. However, he is later found dead. Paris discovers a dead body in Larry\'s freezer. Larry attempts to escape in his truck, claiming he did not kill anybody. He then accidentally runs over George, killing him. Each body is accompanied by a room key, which appear to represent a countdown. The survivors tie Larry up, and as he tells them his story the others start to believe that he really did not kill anyone. Ginny and Timmy both die when their car blows up, but their bodies are nowhere to be seen. The remaining four discover that all the bodies have disappeared and that all 10 share the same birthday, and have surnames the same as US states. Paris also discovers that Rhodes is a convict as well, having killed the corrections officer transporting him and Maine across state and assumed his identity as a police officer. Rhodes attempts to kill her, but she is saved by Larry, who in turn is shot dead by Rhodes. Back at the hearing, the contents of Malcolm\'s journal are revealed, indicating the prisoner suffers from an extreme case of dissociative identity disorder, harboring 10 distinct personalities. Mallick is able to bring forth one of Malcolm\'s personalities, Ed, revealing that the events at the motel are occurring inside Malcolm\'s mind, each personality represented by one person at the motel. Mallick explains to "Ed" that the events at the motel are a result of treatment Malcolm is receiving - i.e. the killings at the motel being Malcolm\'s mind\'s attempt to eliminate nine excess personalities. Mallick further gives "Ed" the mission of making sure that the hostile personality  be eliminated to prevent Malcolm from being executed. In the motel setting, Ed believes that Rhodes is the murderer, and sacrifices himself to kill Rhodes, leaving only Paris alive. When Mallick demonstrates that the homicidal personality is dead, the Judge decides to place Malcolm in a mental institution under Mallick\'s care. As Malcolm is driven along with Mallick to the institution, in Malcolm\'s mind, Paris has driven away from the motel to her hometown, Frostproof, Florida. As she tends an orange grove, she discovers the room 1 motel key, and finds Timmy behind her. Timmy, the true homicidal personality, had orchestrated all the deaths at the motel, and made it appear that he had been killed as well; he finishes his task by killing Paris. Now driven only by Timmy, Malcolm strangles Mallick, and the van runs off the side of the road.'] ["Composer Richard Parker and his wife Priscilla live an ordinary suburban life until they meet their new neighbors Eddy and Kay Otis. The two couples became friends. Kay's talent for blues singing gets Richard's attention, and Eddy is attracted to Priscilla. It becomes clear that Eddy is an scam artist -- he fakes a neck injury after an auto accident for the insurance proceeds, the majority of which he offers to the Parkers as a gift. Eddy chastises Richard for not living dangerously, and suggests they swap mates for an evening. The plot takes a nasty turn when Richard does sleep with Kay  and Kay turns up bludgeoned to death with a baseball bat the next morning. Later it is revealed that Eddy spent the night elsewhere, to establish an airtight alibi. Richard's fingerprints are on the bat  and his semen is found in her body, so he is charged with the crime. Insult is added to injury as Priscilla disowns and divorces Richard due to his infidelity. Eddy soon becomes Priscilla's lover and a substitute father to Richard's child. A distraught Richard finally finds a ray of hope when he discovers that Kay is alive, recognizing her voice singing in a radio talent show. With the help of a private investigator hired by the insurance company from which Eddy is attempting to collect a $1.5 million indemnity claim, Richard tracks her down and learns the truth of how he was betrayed. Kay is guilt-ridden over her part in it, but terrified at Eddy's threat to implicate her if she testifies. Eddy, anticipating what Richard intends to do next, murders Kay and slips away. Implicated in a second murder, Richard must now flee the scene as police sirens approach. Priscilla discovers a forgotten plane ticket Eddy used on the night of the second murder. Now realizing Eddy's guilt, she worries over what to do about it. Richard performs a commando-style raid on Eddy's house, but Eddy, anticipating this move as well, reveals to Priscilla his plan to murder her and shoot Richard as a homicidal intruder. Working together, Richard and Priscilla eventually kill Eddy, using the original murder weapon, the baseball bat. Richard and Priscilla are later seen moving into a very secluded house with no neighbors visible for miles."] ['A backwards sequence is shown. It starts with the Polaroid photograph of a dead man. As the sequence plays backwards the photo reverts to its undeveloped state, entering the camera before the man is shot in the head. This is followed by interspersed black-and-white and color sequences, with the black-and-white sequences taking place chronologically before the color sequences. The black-and-white sequences begin with Leonard Shelby  in a motel room speaking to an unnamed caller. Leonard has anterograde amnesia and is unable to store recent memories, the result of an attack by two men. Leonard killed the attacker who raped and strangled his wife , but a second clubbed him and escaped. The police did not accept there was a second attacker, but Leonard believes he is called John with a last name starting with G. Leonard conducts his own investigation using a system of notes, Polaroid photos, and tattoos. As an insurance investigator, Leonard recalls one Sammy Jankis, also diagnosed with the same condition. Sammy\'s diabetic wife repeatedly requested insulin injections to try to trigger his memory, hoping Sammy would remember the previous dose. He did not and as a result she fell into a coma and died. The color sequences are shown in reverse chronological order. Leonard gets a tattoo, based on instructions to himself, of the license plate of John G. Finding a note in his clothes, he meets Natalie , a bartender who resents Leonard as he wears the clothes and drives the car of her boyfriend, Jimmy. After understanding his condition, she uses it to get Leonard to drive a man named Dodd out of town and offers to run the license plate to help his investigation. Meanwhile, Leonard meets with a contact, Teddy . Teddy helps with Dodd, but warns him about Natalie; however, Leonard has written on a photo of Teddy to not trust him. Natalie provides Leonard the driver\'s license, which shows a John Edward Gammell, Teddy\'s full name. Confirming Leonard\'s information on "John G" and his warnings, Leonard meets Teddy and drives him to an abandoned building, killing him as shown in the opening. In the final black-and-white sequence, prompted by the caller, Leonard meets Teddy in the motel lobby. Teddy is an undercover officer and has found Leonard\'s "John G", Natalie’s boyfriend Jimmy Grantz, and directs Leonard to the same abandoned building outside of town. When Jimmy arrives, Leonard strangles him and takes a photo of the body. As it develops the black-and-white transitions to color, thus beginning the color sequences. Leonard swaps clothes with Jimmy, hearing Jimmy whisper "Sammy". As Leonard has only told the story of Sammy to those he has met, he doubts Jimmy is the attacker. Teddy arrives and asserts that Jimmy was John G but when Leonard is not convinced, Teddy reveals that together they had already found and Leonard had killed the real attacker over a year ago. Teddy claims that Leonard confused elements of his life with that of Sammy, who was a con man with no wife. Leonard\'s wife was diabetic, had survived the attack and was the one who died in the insulin overdose. Teddy accuses Leonard of creating an unsolvable puzzle to give himself purpose and since "John G" is a common name, he will continually forget, beginning his search again and that even Teddy himself has a "John G" name. After hearing Teddy\'s exposition, Leonard consciously burns the photograph of Jimmy\'s body, drives off in Jimmy\'s car and has Teddy\'s license plate number tattooed on himself as the one of the second attacker, which will lead to the events of Teddy\'s death.'] [' Nina Sayers, a young dancer with a prestigious New York City ballet company, lives with her mother, Erica, a former dancer. The company is preparing to open the season with Swan Lake. The director, Thomas Leroy, has to cast a new principal dancer after forcing Beth Macintyre into retirement. Leroy wants the same ballerina to portray both the innocent, fragile White Swan and her dark, sensual twin, the Black Swan. Nina competes for the part. Although her audition goes badly, she asks Thomas to reconsider. He tells her she is ideal for the White Swan but lacks the passion necessary for the Black Swan. When he forcibly kisses her, she shows some spirit and bites him, and lands the part. An intoxicated Beth angrily confronts Thomas and Nina. She is later hit by a car and seriously injured in what Thomas suspects was a suicide attempt. Nina begins to witness strange happenings. Thomas, meanwhile, becomes increasingly critical of her "frigid" dancing and advises her to stop being a perfectionist and lose herself in the role. Thomas points to Lily , another dancer in the company, whom he describes as lacking Nina\'s flawless technique but possessing an uninhibited quality that Nina has not shown. The relationship between the two dancers is cool because of Lily\'s indiscretions, but Lily invites Nina to a night out. Nina is hesitant at first but decides to go against her mother\'s wishes. At a restaurant that evening, Lily offers Nina a capsule of ecstasy to help her loosen up. Though reassured its effects will only last a few hours, Nina turns it down. Lily later slips it into her drink at a nightclub while she is absent. Nina returns home late, fights with her mother, barricades herself in her room, and finds herself having sex with Lily. Next morning, Nina wakes up alone and late for rehearsal. When she arrives at the studio, she finds Lily dancing as the Swan Queen. Furious, she confronts Lily and asks her why she did not wake her up that morning. After Lily tells her she spent the night with a man whom she met at the club, Nina realizes she imagined the encounter. Nina\'s hallucinations become stronger as she sees Thomas and Lily have sex in a backstage area and Beth stabbing herself in the face at the hospital with a nail filer which Nina drops bloodied in the elevator. She has a violent argument with her mother, after which Nina passes out. Concerned about Nina\'s erratic behavior, her mother tries to prevent her from performing on opening night; enraged, Nina stands up to her mother and forces her way out of the apartment. Since her mother had called to say Nina was sick, Thomas assigned understudy Lily to take over, but reluctantly gives way when Nina insists on performing. The first act goes well, until Nina is distracted by a hallucination during a lift, causing her partner, playing the Prince, to drop her. Distraught, she returns to her dressing room and finds Lily there. As Lily announces she is to play the Black Swan, she transforms into Nina\'s double. Nina shoves her into a mirror, shattering it. She grabs a shard of glass and stabs her rival in the stomach, killing her. The corpse transforms back into Lily. Nina hides the body and returns to the stage to dance with passion and sensuality. Sprouting feathers, her arms become black wings as she finally loses herself and is transformed into a black swan. At the end of the act, she receives a standing ovation. Offstage, Thomas and the rest of the cast congratulate her on her stunning performance. Nina takes Thomas by surprise and kisses him. Back in her dressing room before the final act, Nina is congratulated by Lily, showing that their fight was imaginary. The mirror, however, is still shattered. She removes a shard from her own body and realizes she had stabbed herself. Dancing the last scene, in which the White Swan throws herself off a cliff, Nina spots her mother weeping in the audience. As Nina falls backward onto a hidden mattress, the theater erupts in thunderous applause. Thomas and the cast gather to congratulate her—only to find that she is severely bleeding. As the white ceiling lights envelop her, she whispers, "I felt it. Perfect. It was perfect."'] ["An artist, Geoffrey Carroll, meets Sally while on a vacation in the country. They develop a romance but Carroll doesn't tell her he's already married. Suffering from mental illness, Carroll returns home, where he paints an impression of his wife as the angel of death and then promptly poisons her. He then marries Sally, but after a while he also paints Sally as the angel of death."] ['Seven years after tracking down serial killer Jame Gumb, FBI Special Agent Clarice Starling  is unjustly blamed for a bungled drug raid. Starling and her connection to Hannibal Lecter  come to the attention of Lecter\'s only surviving victim, Mason Verger , a wealthy child molester whom Lecter left horribly disfigured and paralyzed after having been assigned as Verger\'s court-appointed therapist. Verger uses his immense wealth and political influence to have Starling reassigned to Lecter\'s case and meets with her in his mansion. Verger is pursuing an elaborate scheme to capture, torture and kill Lecter, and hopes Starling\'s involvement will draw him out. Indeed, Lecter sends her a taunting letter after learning of her public disgrace. Though the letter contains no clue to Lecter\'s whereabouts, Starling detects a strange fragrance that a perfume expert later identifies as a bespoke skin cream whose ingredients are only available to a few shops in the world. She contacts the police departments of the cities where the shops are located, requesting surveillance tapes. One of the cities is Florence, Italy, where Chief Inspector Rinaldo Pazzi  is investigating the disappearance of a library curator. Pazzi questions Lecter, who is masquerading as "Dr. Fell", the assistant curator and now caretaker of the library. Upon recognizing Dr. Fell in the surveillance tape, Pazzi accesses the FBI\'s ViCAP database of wanted fugitives. He learns of Verger\'s US$3 million reward to anyone turning Lecter over to him rather than to the FBI. Lured by Verger\'s bounty, Pazzi ignores Starling\'s warnings against trying to capture Lecter alone. He recruits a pickpocket to obtain a fingerprint of Lecter to show as proof of his whereabouts and thus collect the reward. The pickpocket is mortally wounded by Lecter, but manages to get the print and provides them to Pazzi, who in turn contacts Verger. Lecter then baits Pazzi into an isolated room of the library, ties him up with electrical cords, and hangs and disembowels him, before escaping back to the United States. Verger bribes Justice Department official Paul Krendler  to accuse Starling of withholding a note from Lecter, leading to her suspension. Lecter lures Starling to Union Station but Verger\'s men, who have followed Starling, capture Lecter and transport him to Verger. When her superiors refuse to act, Starling, on her own initiative, infiltrates Verger\'s estate. Verger means to have Lecter eaten alive by a herd of wild boars bred specifically for this purpose. Starling intervenes to free Lecter but is herself wounded, and Lecter rescues her from the voracious animals. Verger furiously orders his private physician Cordell  to shoot Lecter, but instead Lecter persuades Cordell to throw his hated employer into the pen, where he is eaten alive by the boars. Lecter takes a sedated Starling to Krendler\'s secluded lake house and treats her wounds. When Krendler arrives for the Fourth of July break, he is subdued and drugged by Lecter. Starling, disoriented by morphine and dressed in a slinky black velvet cocktail dress, wakes to find Lecter cooking and Krendler in a wheelchair seated at the table set for an elegant dinner. Weakened by the drugs, she looks on in confusion and horror as Lecter removes the top of Krendler\'s skull, cuts out part of his prefrontal cortex, sautees it and feeds Krendler his own brain before finally killing him. After the meal, Starling tries to attack Lecter but is quickly overpowered. She manages to handcuff his wrist to hers, and with police incoming to the residence, Lecter brandishes a meat cleaver and severs his left hand to escape. Lecter is later seen on a flight with boxed lunch on his pull-down table. As he prepares to eat his meal, including a small cooked portion of what is assumed to be Krendler\'s brain, a young boy seated next to him asks to try some of his food. Lecter lets the boy eat some of his lunch, telling him that "it is important... always to try new things."'] ['{{Plot}} Claire Spencer  is living in Vermont with her husband, renowned scientist Dr. Norman Spencer . A year previously, Claire had been involved in a serious car accident that leaves gaps in her memory. Combined with her daughter Caitlin\'s  departure for college, this leaves Claire profoundly affected. The Spencers — who have moved into the former home of Norman\'s father — live next door to the Feurs, who have just moved in and often have loud arguments. Overhearing Mary Feur  sobbing one day, Claire becomes concerned. When she sees Mary\'s husband Warren  seemingly dragging something that resembles a body bag in the middle of the night and putting it in the trunk of the car, she suspects that Mary has been murdered. Claire decides to investigate. After nobody answers the door, she walks around the side of the house and discovers a woman\'s sandal with a dark stain on it. She steals the sandal as evidence. Back on the doorstep, she is surprised by Warren, whose surly behavior further arouses her suspicion. Claire begins spying on Warren with the help of her best friend Jody . However, Claire soon witnesses strange occurrences when she is alone in the house — pictures fall, doors open, and a shadowy reflection is seen in her bathwater. Claire becomes convinced that Mary is dead and haunting her. Desperate for closure, and facing little sympathy from Norman, Claire invites Jody to join her for a séance in her bathroom, where she seems to be able to communicate with Mary\'s ghost. Claire produces the sandal for the ritual; after it starts, the dial on the Ouija board starts to show the words "M E F" on the screen. However, the séance is cut short after being interrupted by Cooper, their Saint Bernard dog. Claire and Jody initially assume the séance has been a nonsensical exercise; however, after Jody leaves, Claire returns to the bathroom to find the tub filled. This time she sees the ghost in the mirror, Claire asks the ghost what it wants. It replies with a message on a clouded mirror: "YOU KNOW". An anxious Claire goes to Norman\'s office to inform him of the séance. While traveling through Norman\'s campus, Claire encounters Warren and hysterically accuses him of killing his wife. But Warren responds with confusion before Mary—very much alive—joins him. When Mary speaks with Claire later, she explains that she had left Warren and that he had been packing her belongings when Claire saw him. The Spencers assume that the ordeal is over, but later a picture breaks in Norman\'s study. Picking it up, Claire notices a newspaper clipping about a missing girl named Madison Elizabeth Frank . She learns that Madison attended the university where Norman was a lecturer. While visiting Madison\'s mother she steals a braid of Madison\'s hair. Reading from a book on the supernatural given to her by Jody, Claire uses the hair to perform a ritual that allows Madison to possess her and seduce Norman. But Claire morphs into Madison during the tryst, causing Norman to push her away. Claire\'s memory returns, and she remembers that she had caught Norman and Madison together the night of her car accident. Outraged by Norman\'s infidelity, Claire spends the night with Jody, who confirms to Claire her suspicion of Norman\'s affair after seeing him and Madison together in a small cafe in the town of Adamant; unseen by Norman, Jody keeps this information to herself until she confesses to Claire. Norman eventually confesses: he had a brief relationship with Madison, but realized that he loved Claire too much to leave her, causing the unstable Madison to threaten to kill Claire. He then visited Madison to find her dead of an overdose. He pushed Madison\'s car  into the lake. Claire urges Norman to contact the authorities, and he agrees to do so. He speaks with the police on the phone, and then leaves to take a shower. Suspicious of her husband, Claire redials the phone and discovers that he had not really called the police. Norman suddenly grabs her from behind and sedates her. He drags her to the bathtub, which is still running, and places her in the rising water. Norman then explains to Claire that Madison was planning on going to the college\'s Dean about their affair, and he could not let that happen, so he killed her and pushed Madison\'s car and body into the lake. Norman then tells Claire he hopes her death will bring him closer to Caitlin who looks so much like her. Norman leans over Claire\'s paralyzed body to give her one final kiss. While doing so, he notices that she is wearing a pendant around her neck. When he picks up Claire\'s head to adjust it her face suddenly morphs into the corpse-like face of Madison. He is startled and jumps back, slipping on the wet floor, and hitting his head on the sink; which leaves him bloody and unconscious on the floor. Claire, recovering from the sedative, crawls out of the bathtub and down the stairs. The phone has been disconnected, so she tries to drive somewhere that will have better reception. Norman, only stunned, chases her and jumps into the truck. A ghostlike figure appears in the road, which Claire swerves to avoid, and she drives off the bridge into the same lake into which Norman pushed Madison\'s car. Underwater, Norman grabs Claire\'s leg, but Madison\'s decaying body, disturbed by debris falling from the car, floats up, grabs Norman, and forces him to release Claire\'s leg so she can swim to the surface. Norman drowns while staring into the dead face of the woman he killed. Madison\'s body floats to the surface of the lake. The following winter, Claire is seen placing a single red rose on Madison\'s grave. The camera pans out and an image of Madison\'s face is seen in the snow.'] ['Harry Caul  is a surveillance expert who runs his own company in San Francisco. Highly respected by others in the profession, Caul is obsessed with his own privacy; his apartment is almost bare behind its triple-locked door and burglar alarm, he uses pay phones to make calls, claims to have no home telephone and his office is enclosed in wire mesh in a corner of a much larger warehouse. Caul is utterly professional at work but finds personal contact extremely difficult because he is intensely secretive about even the most trivial aspects of his life. Dense crowds make him feel uncomfortable and he is withdrawn and taciturn in more intimate social situations. He is also reticent and obsessively secretive with work colleagues. His appearance is nondescript, except for his habit of wearing a translucent grey plastic raincoat almost everywhere he goes, even when it is not raining. Despite Caul\'s insistence that his professional code means that he is not responsible for the actual content of the conversations he records or for the use to which his clients put his surveillance activities, he feels wracked by guilt over a past wiretap job which resulted in the murder of three people. This sense of guilt is amplified by his devout Catholicism. His one hobby is playing along to jazz records on a tenor saxophone in the privacy of his apartment. Caul, his colleague Stan  and some freelance associates have taken on the task of bugging the conversation of a couple  as they walk through crowded Union Square in San Francisco, surrounded by a cacophony of background noise. Amid the small-talk, the couple discuss fears that they are being watched, and mention a discreet meeting at a hotel room in a few days. The challenging task of recording this conversation is accomplished by multiple surveillance operatives located in different positions around the square. After Caul has worked his magic on merging and filtering different tapes, he produces a sound recording in which the words themselves become crystal clear, but their actual meaning remains ambiguous. Although Caul cannot understand the true meaning of the conversation, he finds the cryptic nuances and emotional undercurrents contained within it deeply troubling. Sensing danger, Caul feels increasingly uneasy about what may happen to the couple once the client hears the tape. He plays the tape again and again throughout the movie, gradually refining its accuracy. He concentrates on one key phrase hidden under the sound of a street musician: "He\'d kill us if he had the chance". Caul constantly reinterprets the speakers\' subtle emphasis on particular words in this phrase, trying to figure out their meaning in the light of what he suspects and subsequently discovers. Caul avoids handing in the tape to the aide  of the man who commissioned the surveillance . Afterwards, he finds himself under increasing pressure from the client\'s aide and is himself followed, tricked, and bugged. The tape of the conversation is eventually stolen from him in a moment when his guard is down. Tormented by guilt over what he fears will happen to the couple, Caul\'s desperate efforts to forestall tragedy ultimately fail. To Caul\'s surprise, it turns out that the conversation he had obsessed over might not mean what he thought it did: the tragedy he had anticipated differs from the one which eventually occurs. To Caul\'s surprise, the Director was killed in a "car accident", however Caul knows that in fact he was murdered by the couple in the hotel they referred to in their conversation. He now realizes that the statement "He would kill us if he had the chance" was a rationalization of the couple\'s decision to kill him. When a phone call informs Caul that "We know that you know; keep your mouth shut", he believes his own apartment has been bugged and goes on a frantic search for the listening device, tearing up walls and floorboards and ultimately destroying his apartment - to no avail. The film\'s end leaves him sitting amidst the wreckage, playing one of the only things in his apartment left intact: his saxophone.'] ["The entire film is set inside a Lansing, Michigan motel room. Vince , a drug dealer/volunteer firefighter from Oakland, rents the room in his hometown to support his old high school friend's entry into the East Lansing Film Festival. His friend, documentary filmmaker Jon Salter , joins Vince in his motel room and the two reminisce about their high school years. They get on the subject of Amy , Vince's former girlfriend. It appears that, while they dated for some time, Vince and Amy never had sex. However, after or at the point when their relationship had ended, Amy slept with Jon. Vince claims Amy had told him that Jon had raped her. Vince becomes obsessed with, and eventually succeeds in getting a verbal confession from Jon about, the alleged rape. Immediately after Jon's admission, Vince pulls out a hidden tape recorder that had been recording their whole conversation, much to Jon's horror. Vince then tells Jon that he has invited Amy to dinner, and that she will be arriving shortly. Eventually Amy does arrive and, even though all three of them feel awkward, they begin to talk. Amy explains that she is now an assistant district attorney in the Lansing Justice Department. Eventually the three discuss what actually happened between Jon and Amy that night at the party, 10 years in the past. Eventually, Jon asks Amy's forgiveness for raping her. Amy claims that the encounter was consensual, however, leading Jon to believe that she is in denial. After Jon becomes annoyed that Amy is refusing to accept his apology, Amy calls the local police. She asks for a squad car to pick up one person in possession of drugs , and one in relation to a verifiable rape . After concluding her phone call, Amy warns the men that they only have about four minutes to make a run for it. In order to prove to Amy that he is truly remorseful, Jon decides to stay and wait for the police. Vince, realizing that there is nowhere for him to run, flushes his narcotics down the toilet and destroys the tape containing Jon's confession. Amy reveals that she didn't really call the police and leaves."] ['The film takes place in an old, worn down insane asylum in Auckland, New Zealand, run by Dr. Marlowe . Simon Cartwright , one of his patients, is seeking an appeal from a psychiatrist to get a reevaluation of his mental state. He wants to prove that he’s been cured; Simon is a serial killer that has killed over a dozen different people. He wants a psychiatrist from outside of the asylum to take his case, and he specifically asks for Dr. Karen Shumaker. Dr. Shumaker  has recently gained some publicity from winning a case involving another serial killer. There are two orderlies, Philip and Robert , who are in charge of watching over the insane asylum’s patients. They are always harassing and abusing Simon. In the opening scene they bring him to a visitor’s room and cover the camera up so they can start beating him up. They also spit in his food and are always violent and aggressive with him. When Dr. Shumaker arrives, she argues with Dr. Marlowe about seeing Cartwright; they don’t quite see eye to eye. Marlowe accuses her of only doing it to increase her publicity; however she tells him that it is Simon that has personally asked for her and so she proceeds with the visit. As she is led to the room where Simon is waiting, there is another patient, Marge  roaming in the hallway outside the room Simon is in. She attacks Dr. Shumaker telling her to watch out for “The Ugly.” When Shumaker finally gets to the interview room she and Cartwright begin their session. Simon does not have a specific type of victim; this is not typical in a serial killer. His kills are random and Dr. Shumaker wants to know why. She asks if he feels any remorse or guilt, but he does not. All he says is that he simply had to kill them. As they talk through their session, the movie shifts to a number of flashbacks. First they delve into Simon\'s childhood, only to find out that he was bullied as a child and that his mother abused him. As an adolescent, the only person he had ever cared about, Julie , was driven away by his mother . In response to this, Simon ends up slashing his mother\'s throat. He tries to make it look like a robbery took place and burns the house down, but the cops figure out what really happened. Simon is then locked away in an asylum for five years. Once he is released, he starts killing again. He kills lots of different people; his victims range from men to women, old and young. It seems as though there is no pattern in the way he chooses his victims, that it’s all the same to him. However, we learn of an instance in which he spares the life of a thirteen year old deaf girl. He tells Dr. Shumaker that he did not kill the girl because she was different: she was like him. Although he does not have a specific type of victim, Simon does have a signature method of killing. He slashes people’s throats with a large straight razor. He says that it is “the ugly” that makes him kill; it will not leave him alone until he has satisfied its voice. As Dr. Shumaker delves deeper into his psyche, she discovers that Simon, who claims to be haunted by the voices of his victims telling him to kill, as well as a malignant alternate persona called "The Ugly," may not be so much crazy as he is tortured inside from years of physical and psychological abuse.'] ['Megan Paige  is an investigator for the Rochester Police Department investigating the murder of a young girl named Carla Castillo. Her body was found in the nearby village of Churchville, New York with white cat hair on it. Against opposition of her colleagues and partner/boyfriend Kenneth Shine , Megan insists that the murder is a work of a serial killer. Despite Megan’s considerable efforts she fails to catch the killer. Stress and obsession of the investigation causes Megan to hallucinate the victim\'s image. She ultimately has a nervous breakdown after being kicked off the case and tries to commit suicide. Following two years of medical treatment and attending a support group headed by a wheelchair user named Richard Ledge , Megan rejoins the police department in an office job. Following a similar murder of another young girl, Wendy Walsh, whose body is found in Webster with some white cat hair on it. Megan successfully lobbies to join the investigation. Partnered with Steven Harper , they try to find links between the girls. Then another girl, Melissa Maestro, is killed. They find a number of commonalities between Wendy and Melissa, but fail to connect these to the first victim. The Webster Police Department, which has jurisdiction over the latest murder but are uncooperative, receive a call from 19-year-old Elizabeth Eckers who is being held hostage in a house. Megan is convinced the suspect is not the Alphabet Killer and breaks procedure to preempt a police raid. Megan defuses the situation, but an officer shoots the suspect through a window and kills him. Webster police declare that the Alphabet Killer is dead and announce the discovery of white cat hair in the house. Megan spirals into another nervous breakdown. Certain that the Webster police planted the evidence in order to justify killing an innocent, Megan continues the investigation on her own. Megan discovers that all three girls attended the St. Michael\'s Church in Rochester. Still suffering from hallucinations of the victims, Megan visits the church and tries to question the pastor, but suffers another breakdown and is hospitalized. Megan flees from the hospital and takes refuge in Ledge\'s home. There she finds that he used to work as the math teacher for the St. Michael\'s Church which finally reveals that he is the killer. Before she can act he leaps from his wheelchair - having only pretended to be disabled - and attacks her. Ledge knocks her unconscious and drives to a remote spot near the Genesee River to kill her. Before Ledge can inject her with a sedative and dump her in the river, Megan breaks free and shoots him with his own gun. Ledge falls into the river just past a large waterfall - though it\'s unclear if he is dead. Unsure whether Ledge is dead and confused by her surroundings, the intense situation causes Megan to suffer another, longer breakdown. Megan is hospitalized and kept under intensive psychiatric care. The final scenes of the film show Megan heavily sedated and strapped to a bed in a psychiatric ward. There is no one else in the room, but in her state she envisions the spirits of the victims waiting for her to return and seek justice for them. The final scenes of Megan are intercut with scenes of Ledge who, having survived Megan\'s attempts to kill him, has altered his appearance. He is shown in church, receiving communion and exchanging glances with a potential victim. It is unclear if these scenes of Ledge are actually occurring or are part of Megan\'s psychosis. A title card announces: "In 2006, police exhumed a fireman\'s body and posthumously cleared him as a suspect. To date, the Alphabet Killer has not been found."'] ['The unhappy marriage of Jane  and her alcoholic policeman husband Bonner  leads to divorce and Jane get the custody for their son. Soon, she meets a gentleman in her workplace, after a few weeks they fall in love and get married. Gentleman Douglas Patrick Brody  and his new wife Jane Brody attempt to build a new life, and move to a new state. However, the ex-husband follows them. This is just a beginning of the story filled with suspense and surprises.'] ['Seaman Johnny Drake , on shore leave, finds a "Mermaid" sideshow attraction at the marina, operated by Captain Murdock . The "Mermaid" Mora , who lives in a hotel above the marina merry-go-round  and Johnny fall for each other. Everyone around them is wary of the romance, as her previous lovers have died mysteriously. Mora believes she is a descendant of the Sirens, mythic sea creatures who lure sailors to their deaths. From time to time a mysterious and seemingly sinister woman  appears and frightens Mora. She believes the woman is the leader of the mermaids, calling Mora to fulfill her destiny. Mora\'s origins seem to be driving her to commit murder by the full moon. Johnny is unable to believe his lover is capable of murder, but Mora herself seems more certain. During a diving trip on the day of the full moon, Mora cuts Johnny\'s breathing tube and he is forced to surface, leaving her below, where she swims away into the shadows. When Johnny returns to the marina the next day, he sees that the lifeless body of Mora is now on display in the mermaid tank. Murdock appears, brandishing a gun. It is he who has been committing the murders and convincing Mora that she was an actual mermaid. Mora had discarded her oxygen tank in the sea, and had drowned. In the ensuing struggle between Johnny and Murdock, the glass tank is shattered, and the water and debris pin Murdock down. In the film\'s conclusion, at the police station, Murdock confesses to the crimes and Johnny returns to his ship accompanied by the shore patrol. The one loose end to Murdock\'s story is that he denies any knowledge of the mysterious woman who had been frightening Mora. The police dismiss it as the man protecting her, but the door is left open to other possibilities.'] ['Alice Evans  needs to complete a screenplay, which she has not finished due to a psychological breakdown after her boyfriend, Ben, tried to kill her. With the deadline for the screenplay approaching, she accepts an offer by a producer friend to let her stay in a Victorian-style home he has recently purchased, so she can focus on her work. She insists on staying there alone, and her friend Rebecca  reluctantly agrees and leaves her there. Alice begins to hear strange noises in the house and becomes convinced the house is haunted by the ghost of a murdered woman.{{cite web}}'] ['Young yachting captain Tim Whalen  is having an affair with Brooke Morrison , the wife of his boss, Granger Morrison ([[Brian Davies , in the upscale town of Southampton, Long Island. Tim is the new captain of Granger\'s racing sailboat Obsession. Young heiress Olivia Lawrence , following the recent death of her mother, returns home to Southampton after graduating from college. At a party, Olivia is introduced to Tim, who asks her to dance. Impressed with her knowledge of sailing, Tim asks her to go sailing with him, and she accepts. Olivia is living in the family mansion with her alcoholic stepfather, Tony Gateworth ([[John Glover , and his new live-in girlfriend, Anne Briscoe . Her mother\'s will provided that Gateworth retain access to the family\'s eight properties. Olivia has nothing but contempt for her stepfather, who married her mother for her money. At her family attorney\'s office in New York City, Olivia learns she cannot restrict Gateworth\'s access to her homes, and the nearly one million dollars a year he receives from the estate barely covers his gambling debts. Olivia and Tim go sailing on her boat Masquerade, which was her late father\'s pride and joy. Later, at Olivia\'s mansion, they are confronted by a drunk Gateworth who insults Tim, his former sailing competitor. In the coming days, Olivia and Tim begin dating and eventually fall in love. Olivia\'s newfound happiness, however, is soon offset by another ugly confrontation with Gateworth who tells her as her "guardian" he wants Tim out of her life. Olivia confides to her aunt that Tim is the first man she\'s felt comfortable with and that he isn\'t interested in her money. Later that day, at a lobster house on the outskirts of town, Gateworth and Tim meet surreptitiously to discuss their conspiracy to murder Olivia for her money. When Tim expresses doubts, Gateworth threatens to expose his past. He tells him the next step is to gain Olivia\'s confidence by having Tim defend her against him. That weekend, Olivia and Tim have passionate sex in the mansion. Afterwards, a drunken Gateworth breaks into Olivia\'s room as planned, but Tim kills him with his own pistol. Believing they will be accused of murdering Gateworth, Olivia covers up Tim\'s role in the killing by claiming she killed Gateworth in self defense. Tim establishes an alibi with an unsuspecting Brooke by resetting her bedside clock. During the investigation, Officer Mike McGill —a childhood friend with a romantic interest in Olivia—finds evidence that Tim may have been involved in the killing, but he does not report it to his captain, presumably because of his feelings for Olivia. Gateworth\'s girlfriend, Anne Briscoe, begins questioning the investigation\'s findings, and tells the authorities about Olivia and Tim. Meanwhile, Tim breaks up with Brooke, who later confirms Tim\'s alibi to the police. Not long after Anne Briscoe informs McGill that her friend saw Gateworth at a diner with Tim, she is found hanged in an apparent suicide. McGill requests an autopsy. While sailing aboard Masquerade, Olivia asks Tim to marry her, but he is reluctant, telling her he once spent 30 days in jail for writing bad checks. He also tells her about his affair with Brooke Morrison. His "honestly" convinces Olivia he is the right man, and the couple are soon married. Later, Olivia reveals she is pregnant. That night, Tim drives to the marina where he meets secretly with McGill, who was part of the original conspiracy—who in fact planned everything. Tim is reluctant about killing Olivia, but McGill insists she must die in a staged car accident. He threatens to put Tim away for Gateworth\'s murder if he doesn\'t cooperate. When McGill learns that Tim has no intention of killing Olivia and that they are planning to sail for Florida on Masquerade the next day, he sabotages Olivia\'s sailboat and plants incriminating evidence in Tim\'s linen drawer. Tim discovers McGill\'s treachery and races to the marina to save Olivia, but is killed in the gas explosion meant to kill Olivia. In the marina office afterwards, Olivia discovers a newspaper clipping with a picture of Tim, Gateworth, and McGill, just as McGill enters the office. Seeing that she has figured out the conspiracy, he tries to kill her. In the ensuing struggle, Olivia pushes McGill out a window causing his death. At Tim\'s funeral, Olivia learns from her family attorney that Tim recently insisted he be removed from Olivia\'s will, and however it may have started, he came to love Olivia in the end. <ref nameBob Swaim |titleDVD |publisherCalifornia |yearhttp://www.imdb.com/title/tt0095599/ }}'] ["Danika Merrick  suffers from increasingly disturbing paranoid hallucinations. Most of her hallucinations involve threats to her family and media-fuelled fears such as child kidnappings, car accidents, her children lying, and terrorism. Danika confides to her husband, Randy , and Evelyn , her psychiatrist. The movie begins with Danika apologizing for being late, and being scolded by her bank manager about incorrect collections. Her manager leaves the office instructing Danika to correct the errors, and remain in the office. Danika then witnesses a bank robbery in progress with two trigger-happy robbers shooting anyone that moves. The alarm goes off and the robbers force Danika's boss to tell them where the security monitors are located. The manager points to her office where a shivering Danika seeks shelter in the corner. As the door opens, she expects to come face to face with a gun toting bank robber, but is confronted by her manager who wonders what is wrong with her. The movie continues with increasingly paranoid hallucinations including finding a human head in a grocery bag, witnessing her daughter's teacher killed by falling glass, believing that her son's partner for a school assignment is trying to give her son AIDS, et cetera. At the end of the film, the audience learns that Danika had been in a car accident years earlier while driving her young children. The accident had occurred immediately after Danika learned her husband was having an affair with the children's nanny. In the car accident, all of her children had died, and Danika was the only survivor. At the end of the film, a homeless Danika sits watching the intersection where the accident had occurred. She slowly walks away pushing a shopping cart filled with her children's belongings. All of the events after the accident, concerning getting back together with her husband and raising her children to young adulthood, have been a hallucination Danika experiences because of the guilt she has over being responsible for her children's deaths."] ['The story may not be linear and exhibits several instances of temporal disruption. A dark-haired woman  escapes her own murder, surviving a car accident on Mulholland Drive. Injured and in shock, she descends into Los Angeles and sneaks into an apartment which an older, red-headed woman has just vacated. An aspiring actress named Betty Elms  arrives at the same apartment and finds the dark-haired woman confused, not knowing her own name. The dark-haired woman assumes the name "Rita" after seeing a poster for the film Gilda , starring Rita Hayworth. To help Rita remember her identity, Betty looks in Rita\'s purse, where she finds a large amount of money and an unusual blue key. In a diner called Winkies, a man tells his companion about a nightmare in which he dreamt there was a horrible figure behind the diner. When they investigate, the figure appears, causing the man with the nightmare to collapse in fright. A Hollywood director named Adam Kesher  has his film commandeered by apparent mobsters, who insist he cast an unknown actress named Camilla Rhodes  as the lead in his film. After he resists, he returns home to find his wife having an affair and is thrown out of his house. He later learns that his bank has closed his line of credit and he is broke. He agrees to meet a mysterious figure called The Cowboy, who urges him to cast Camilla Rhodes for his own good. Later, a bungling hit man  attempts to steal a book full of phone numbers and leaves three people dead. Trying to learn more about Rita\'s accident, Betty and Rita go to Winkies and are served by a waitress named Diane, which causes Rita to remember the name "Diane Selwyn". They find Diane Selwyn in the phone book and call her, but she does not answer. Betty goes to an audition, where her performance is highly praised. A casting agent takes her to the set of a film called The Sylvia North Story, directed by Adam, where Camilla Rhodes gives an audition and Adam declares, "This is the girl." Betty flees before she can meet Adam, saying that she needs to meet a friend. Betty and Rita go to Diane Selwyn\'s apartment and break in when no one answers the door. In the bedroom they find the body of a woman who has been dead for several days. Terrified, they return to their apartment, where Rita disguises herself with a blonde wig. The two women have sex that night and awake at 2 a.m., when Rita insists they go to an eerie theater called Club Silencio. On stage, a man explains in several languages that everything is an illusion; a woman begins singing then collapses, although her vocals continue. Betty finds a blue box in her purse that matches Rita\'s key. Upon returning to the apartment, Rita retrieves the key and finds that Betty has disappeared. Rita unlocks the box, and it falls to the floor with a thump. The older red-headed woman investigates the sound, but nothing is there. The Cowboy appears in the doorway of Diane Selwyn\'s bedroom saying, "Hey, pretty girl. Time to wake up." Diane Selwyn  wakes up in her bed. She looks exactly like Betty, but is portrayed as a failed actress driven into a deep depression by her unrequited love for Camilla Rhodes . On Camilla\'s invitation, Diane attends a party at Adam\'s house on Mulholland Drive. Her limousine stops before they reach the house and Camilla escorts her using a shortcut. Adam appears to be in love with Camilla. Over dinner, Diane states that she came to Hollywood when her aunt died, and she met Camilla at an audition for The Sylvia North Story. Another woman  kisses Camilla and they turn and smile at Diane. Adam and Camilla prepare to make an important announcement, and dissolve into laughter and kiss while Diane watches, crying. Diane meets with the hit man at Winkies, where she gives him Camilla\'s photo and a large amount of money, and they are served by a waitress named Betty. The hit man tells Diane that when the job is done, she will find a blue key. Diane asks what, if anything, the key opens, but the hit man just laughs. Diane looks up and sees the man who had the nightmare standing at the counter. Back at her apartment, with the key on a table in front of her, she is terrorized by hallucinations. She runs screaming to her bed, where she shoots herself. A woman at the club whispers "Silencio".'] ['Nicholas Urfe is a young Englishman who has taken a teaching position on the Greek island of Phraxos following the previous instructor\'s suicide. For Nicholas it is a chance for different surroundings, and it is also an attempt to escape his relationship with his emotionally unstable lover, Anne. At first Nicholas\' life on Phraxos is uneventful but peaceful. He soon becomes intrigued with a reclusive man named Maurice Conchis, who owns an estate on the opposite side of island and has a beautiful young woman named Lily as a companion. Immediately upon being introduced to the couple, Nicholas\' life begins to unravel. He tries to find out who the mysterious Conchis really is. Is he a psychiatrist? A film producer? A Nazi sympathizer? Or is he a magician who controls the lives and destinies of those around him? Nicholas quickly begins to lose his grip on reality as he sinks further and further into Conchis\' game. During visits to Conchis\'s estate, Nicholas has a series of experiences which gradually become more unexpected and bizarre. Many are related to  past events from Conchis\'s life. Ultimately, these events begin happening off the estate as well, at unexpected times and places, raising questions as to how much power and control Conchis can actually exercise over others\' lives. The story climaxes with a "trial" directed by Conchis with Nicholas  participating. The final scene (which may be interpreted almost as a coda has to do with Nicholas\' relationship with Anne and whether or not it continues.'] ["The police in San Juan, Puerto Rico investigate the rape and murder of two young girls. Captain Victor Benezet  questions Henry Hearst, an upstanding lawyer  about the crime, turning a ten-minute interview into a grueling interrogation. Hearst has a strained relationship with his beautiful young wife Chantal Hearst . A wealthy, influential man, Hearst has become the prime suspect, but the evidence against him is circumstantial. As the city celebrates the San Sebastian Festival, the police captain brings in Hearst for questioning, at first politely, and then less so, as he and a younger detective chip away at the suspect's alibi. They interrogate him for hours while Hearst's most private secrets are exposed one by one."] ['During their journey to the Pole of Inaccessibility , the remotest point of the Antarctic, the expedition of six men, led by Captain Choi Do-hyung, discovers a journal that was left behind by a British expedition 80 years earlier. The journal was remarkably preserved in a box in the snow and Kim Min-jae, another member of the expedition, gets the job of examining it. It turns out that the two expeditions shared the same goal and soon other strange similarities between them start to show up. Will they make it to their destination before the sun goes down for the Antarctic winter?'] ['Ambi aka Ramanujam Iyengar ([[Vikram  is an innocent and honest lawyer hailing from an orthodox Iyengar family. If he comes across anyone not obeying the law, he files cases against them. His regular habit to be perfect in rules and honesty leads him to develop a Multiple Personality Disorder in which a new personality in him grows as "Anniyan" ([[Vikram , a grim reaper-themed killer. Anniyan is violent and deranged, and Ambi has no clue that such a monster exists within him. Anniyan kills lawbreakers by methods used for torturing people in hell, as mentioned in the Garuda Purana. He then indicates the Sanskrit name for the punishment used at the place where he kills them. Some of these punishments are- * Anthakoopam- A man  refused to help an old man in a critical condition. Anniyan forces a herd of buffaloes to stampede him to death. * Kumbipakam- A railway catering contractor failed to provide decent food for the railway passengers. Anniyan tosses him into a pot of oil and fries him to death. * Krimiibhojanam- A brake factory owner  sent a group of thugs to kill Ambi, who had filed a case against the factory for supplying defective brakes. While Ambi is being beaten up by the thugs, Anniyan is triggered who overpowers them. Then he ties the owner to a tree and dumps leeches onto his body. DCP Prabhakar  and Chari ([[Vivek , a friend of Ambi, investigate the murders committed by Anniyan. Incidentally, Prabhakar is the younger brother of the contractor killed by Anniyan. Prabhakar decides to avenge his brother\'s death by pursuing Anniyan. Ambi is in love with his neighbour Nandhini , a medical student, who also teaches music. Ambi proposes to her, but she rejects him due to his staunch following of rules. Distraught, Ambi attempts suicide, but is saved when a third personality comes to life within him. This persona, a suave fashion model named "Remo" ([[Vikram , woos Nandhini, who instantly falls for him. Later, Nandhini acquires land in Tambaram, but buys it at less than the original amount to avoid paying tax to the government. Ambi is saddened by Nandini\'s act, triggering Anniyan. Anniyan chases Nandini and tries to kill her, but then reverts back to Ambi, who does not know where he is and what he is doing and falls unconscious. A terrified Nandini then takes Ambi to NIMHANS, where he is diagnosed with multiple personality disorder. At NIMHANS, Ambi reveals to the psychiatrist  his dark past- when he was 14 years old, he witnessed the tragic death of his 8 year old sister Vidya, due to civic apathy. The psychiatrist concludes that the death of Vidya resulted in the development of this psychological disorder. He also triggers Anniyan and Remo and finds out that while Anniyan and Remo are fully aware that they are Ambi, Ambi has no clue about his multiple personalities. The psychiatrist then comes to the conclusion that while Remo can disappear if Nandhini accepts Ambi\'s love, Anniyan can only disappear if India is free from all its ills. Nandhini eventually accepts Ambi\'s love and Remo disappears. Later, Anniyan reveals himself at a gathering at the Nehru Stadium. He addresses the problems faced by India and the punishments he has used to tackle them. He wins the outright support of the people due to his ideals and methods. Meanwhile, Prabhakar and Chari continue their investigation and find out that Anniyan is none other than Ambi. Ambi is arrested and is taken to the police control room, where he is brutally assaulted by Prabhakar in retaliation for killing his brother and is left to die. Anniyan triggers, and beats up Prabhakar so severely, leaving him badly injured. Prabhakar drags Ambi to court, where it is revealed to all that he suffers from multiple personality disorder. Ambi is sentenced to 2 years of psychological treatment in a mental hospital after which, if he is cured, he will be released. 2 years later, Ambi is released and he marries Nandhini. By now, his puritan adherence to protocol has diminished. While travelling on a train during their honeymoon, Ambi notices some men drinking in front of women. He suffers a relapse on seeing this, transforms into Anniyan and kills the men by throwing them off the train. However, he hides the crime from Nandhini, proving that instead of eradicating Anniyan, he has become successful in blending the personalities of Ambi, Anniyan and Remo into one.'] ["30 years since the Fall of Saigon, Ray Watson , a Vietnam War veteran now working as a state senator, returns to Vietnam once again. When he arrives at his hotel room, he gets an unexpected visit from another veteran , who claims to be one of Ray's old comrades from Echo Company. Ray doesn't remember him, so he starts to remind him about the time that they served together. Meanwhile, Sara Reid  from the Vietnam Veterans Action Committee in Washington, DC, along with a few government agents, are in the hotel opposite secretly listening in to the conversation between the two veterans as they are assigned to search for a missing soldier."] ['In 1859, a meteorite streaks across the sky and crashes into the Gela Alta glacier in western Greenland, causing a massive explosion that kills an Inuit fisherman. In present day Copenhagen, Smilla Jasperson , a transplanted Greenlander, is studying ice crystals at a university lab. An Arctic ice specialist, Smilla is uncredentialed and unemployed with a troubled past. She returns to her apartment complex to find the body of her neighbor, Isaiah Christiansen , a six-year-old Inuit boy, lying dead in the snow. The police tell her the boy was playing on the roof and fell. On the roof Smilla sees the boy\'s footprints in the snow and suspects foul play. The pattern of the footprints reveal someone running straight to the edge of the roof. Knowing the boy was terrified of heights, she suspects he was running away from someone. At the morgue Smilla meets Dr. Lagermann . Seeing the body, Smilla remembers her friendship with the boy—reading to him, bathing him, taking him to the zoo. Her love for this neglected son of an alcoholic mother had given meaning to Smilla\'s lonely life. She is surprised to learn that Dr. Johannes Loyen , a prominent professor, performed the autopsy. The next day, she visits Loyen, who states it was an accident. Unconvinced, Smilla files a complaint with the District Attorney. She goes to Langermann\'s home seeking more information, and he reveals he discovered a puncture wound on the boy\'s thigh made by a biopsy needle after his death. He also reveals that Loyen was examining the boy every month. At the funeral, Smilla notices Dr. Andreas Tork  trying to give money to the grieving mother who rejects it in anger; earlier she was also offered a pension from Greenland Mining following her husband\'s accidental death in Greenland. Detective Ravn  from the District Attorney\'s office shows up at Smilla\'s apartment and agrees to look into the case, but Smilla discovers he is involved with Tork, the CEO of Greenland Mining. Smilla tracks down the company\'s former accountant, who directs her to the Expedition Report in the company archives. There she locates the report, and is surprised by her neighbor, the mechanic , who has followed her and now offers his help. They return to his apartment where she shares what she\'s discovered. At the District Attorney\'s office, Ravn threatens Smilla with imprisonment—something Greenlanders find particularly stressful—for stealing Greenland Mining property. She agrees to suspend her investigation, but after learning from Isaiah\'s mother that her husband died from something in the melt water, she continues her investigation. Smilla meets her father, Moritz Jasperson , at a restaurant and asks for his help in understanding the Expedition Report. Their strained relationship is further complicated by the presence of his current mistress, Benja , whose contempt for Smilla is reciprocated. Her father agrees to look into it, and later he shows her medical x-rays of Greenland Mining accident victims that reveal the presence of a lethal prehistoric "Arctic worm" thought to be long extinct. He explains how the presence of these worms inside a person\'s vital organs causes toxic shock and instant death. At the apartment complex, Smilla discovers a cassette tape hidden behind the wall near Isaiah\'s old hiding spot beneath a stairwell. Unable to understand the audio, she takes the tape to an audio expert who cleans up the audio enough to reveal Isaiah\'s father talking to his son. The audio expert is soon murdered, and Smilla barely escapes with her life. Later Smilla and the mechanic follow their pursuers to a ship, which Tork is preparing for another Greenland excursion. At the Casino Copenhagen, the mechanic\'s friend and casino owner, Birgo Lander , provides Smilla information about the ship chartered by Greenland Mining, and he agrees to help her get aboard the ship. Once on board, Smilla meets Nils Jakkelsen  who helps her discover video tapes revealing the truth about the Greenland operation—the discovery of an energy-producing meteorite that Tork believes will give his company a dominant position in the world. As the ship cuts through the dense Arctic ice packs, Smilla is chased throughout the ship by Tork\'s men. After Nils is killed, Smilla is helped by the mechanic, who secretly followed her aboard. He reveals he works for the government and was assigned to investigate Greenland Mining. As the ship approaches the shore, Smilla leaves the ship following the mechanics instructions and makes her way across the frozen landscape. She discovers the entrance to the Greenland Mining ice cave, where the company is doing research on the meteorite. Inside the cave she is captured by Tork\'s men, but she is rescued by the mechanic. Wounded from the exchange, Tork runs from the cave and out across the ice. The mechanic sets off a powerful bomb that destroys the meteorite cave in a massive explosion. The resulting waves move the ice beneath Tork, who falls and drowns in the freezing water. Smilla gazes out over the seemingly endless landscape of ice and snow—the land of her childhood.<ref nameBille August |titleDVD |publisherNew York City |yearhttp://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120152/ }}'] ['Ben Cronin  is a star swimmer of his high school\'s swim team. His coach informs him that Stanford University scouts will appear at next week\'s swim meet. Ben and his girlfriend Amy  discuss their future plans. Amy has her heart set on going to school in Rhode Island, but explains that she will go to school in California to stay close to Ben. The next day, Ben nearly runs his car into Madison Bell  and gives her a ride home as an apology. Later, he realizes that Madison left her notebook in his car. The notebook is filled with music notes, and Ben spots his initials written inside a staff. When he brings the notebook to return it, he meets Madison\'s cousin, Christopher . Madison appears stressed, and explains that she hasn\'t eaten all day, so Ben offers to take her to dinner. At dinner, Ben tells Madison about his girlfriend, but Madison doesn\'t appear too bothered and explains that she has a boy waiting for her in New York City. Ben shares some of his past with Madison; he began doing drugs five years ago, which led to crime and six months in juvenile hall, which "saved him" because he ultimately realized his passion and talent for swimming. Although Ben tries to end the date, Madison convinces him to go to the pool. Her aggressive flirtation lures Ben in, and despite his initial hesitancy, the two end up having sex. However, both agree to remain friends and agree not to discuss their steamy encounter with anyone. The next night, Ben goes to a party at Amy\'s house. Amy introduces Ben to her new friend, who turns out to be Madison. The two pretend to have not met one another yet. Shortly after, Madison begins to obsess over Ben - she stops by his house to meet his mom and bombards Ben with e-mails and instant messages. Ben realizes her unhealthy behavior and furiously demands that she leave him alone. Ben\'s lying begins to eat at him, and he decides he will confess his infidelity to Amy, but Madison tells Amy first. Madison begins dating Ben\'s rival teammate, Josh. Right before their biggest swim competition, Ben is disqualified for having steroids in his urine. Ben is outraged and suspects that Madison had convinced Josh to set him up. Ben confronts Josh about the drug test, revealing his suspicion. Days later, Madison accidentally calls Josh by Ben\'s name while they are kissing in a car. Josh realizes that Madison\'s obsession with Ben is real, and tells her off. Ben tries to tell Amy everything, but she does not believe him. The next day, Ben goes to the pool, where he finds Josh dead. The police suspect that Ben is to blame for Josh\'s murder. To prove his innocence, Ben breaks into Madison\'s room to find evidence against her. He discovers a bottle of steroids, and a creepy shrine of his personal belongings that she has been secretly stashing. Christopher warns Ben of a similar case regarding a man named Jake Donnelly. When Ben visits Jake Donnelly  in the hospital, a nurse  tells him that Jake\'s girlfriend Madison survived the crash. Madison disguises herself as Ben and steals his car. She follows Amy home from school and runs Amy off the road, and again Ben is framed for the crime. That night at the hospital, Ben and a few friends  record Madison confessing her crime and intentions. The police arrest Madison. She manages to escape custody and take Amy as a hostage to the school\'s swimming pool. As Ben watches, Madison throws a handcuffed and chairbound Amy into the pool. Madison attacks them with the handle of a pool cleaner, and Ben grabs one end, pulling her into the pool. As Madison doesn\'t know how to swim, she drowns while Ben frees Amy from her handcuffs and carries her out of the pool. Ben gives Amy mouth to mouth and she becomes conscious. Some time  later, at a swim meet, Ben is a spectator. He goes outside to his car, where he and Amy kiss and happily drive away.'] ["Peter Salem, a former Wall Street executive recently released from prison, returns to his ex-wife and children in the small town of Bunker Hill, Kansas. Soon after he arrives, the town's electricity and power are shut off, and there is no way to communicate with authorities outside of town. The town's militant past is reawakened and forces coalesce to protect citizens from an unseen enemy. The town's fear leads to the creation of a posse of gunmen, resulting in torture, illegal searches and eventually, murder, against which Salem must stand."] ["Claire Cooper  is a suburban housewife and mother who illustrates children's stories and is married to an airline pilot . Her perfect world unravels when her daughter is kidnapped and brutally murdered. Claire is haunted by her daughter's murderer, a serial killer named Vivian Thompson . She has several visions of murders he commits next. When doctors diagnose her as psychotic, Claire is committed to a mental institution. She receives a vision of Vivian kidnapping another child, so she escapes to track him down and stop him from killing again."] ["The film opens as detectives Kyle Bodine  and Lamar Dickey  investigate a murder scene. Bodine tutors Dickey in the ways of homicide investigations, stressing that all murderers make stupid mistakes, which is how they get caught. At a local bar, Bodine propositions Rachel Munro  who blows him off. Rachel is married to wealthy banker Rupert Munro . Back at home, she gets drunk as she looks at a private investigator's photos of Rupert making love to one of his employees, Adele. Rupert is intimidating and emotionally abusive towards Rachel, who decides to give in to Kyle's advances and start an affair with him. At one point, the lovers row out on a lake at night. Kyle points out the large full moon and says that his mother called it a China Moon, because it looks like a giant china dish. His mother thought a China Moon made people do crazy things. The couple go skinny dipping in the lake. Their affair quickly picks up steam, and Kyle urges Rachel to divorce Rupert. Soon after, Kyle and Lamar are called to the Munro's on a domestic disturbance complaint. They find Rachel badly beaten. Rupert is callously arrogant, dismissing his violence towards his wife as trivial. Kyle warns Rupert to leave her alone. Later that night, Rachel drives to Kyle's trailer and fantasizes about killing Rupert. She explains that she has bought a 9mm gun. She says that she could take a trip to Miami, drive back one night and kill him. Then she could return to her trip unseen, using it as an alibi. Kyle tries to talk her down, but she flees in a panic. Rachel arrives at a hotel in Miami, and the concierge hands her an envelope which contains the picture of a rental car and its keys. Later, she leaves the hotel at night, without noticing Adele sitting in the lobby. She gets in the rental car and drives back to her home. Meanwhile, Adele enters her hotel room. Instead of driving home, Rachel drives to Kyle's trailer, and he agrees to drive her home to get her things. He waits in the car as she packs a suitcase. Kyle does not see Rupert returning home, and when Rupert encounters Rachel in the act of leaving him, he flies into a rage. She gets her 9mm gun and shoots him twice in self defense. She stops Kyle from calling the police because she points out that she drove back from Miami without checking out of her hotel, just like her murder fantasy. She knows she would look guilty, and Kyle agrees to help her cover her tracks. Using his skills as a homicide detective, he helps her carefully clear the crime scene, even removing the bullets from the wall, spackling over the holes and painting them. They dump Rupert's body in the same lake where they first made love. Back at the house, Kyle turns on the humidifiers to erase any of his fingerprints. Rachel returns to the hotel in Miami and has brunch by the pool the next morning. When she returns home, she sticks to Kyle's plan and calls Rupert's bank. Rupert's secretary informs Rachel that he has not been in to work, and Rachel reports him missing to the police. Kyle and Lamar are assigned to the case. During their interviews with Rachel, Lamar is highly skeptical of her story, pointing out all its inconsistencies. As they shoot the breeze at Rachel's house, Lamar casually hypothesizes that Rachel killed Rupert with the help of one of her many boyfriends. He tells Kyle that Rachel is well known for wrapping men around her finger, and that, with the millions she would inherit from Rupert, it was highly likely that she got one of her boyfriends to help her kill Rupert and dispose of his body. Lamar starts to unnerve Kyle, who begins to doubt Rachel is telling him the truth. Lamar gets a tip about a car being out at the lake on the night of the murder. The police divers find Rupert's body. During the autopsy, the coroner extracts a bullet from Rupert's chest. Lamar takes the bullet and hands it to Kyle, saying that it looks like a .38. The detectives confirm that it is a .38, which is the caliber of gun that Kyle carries. During his first date with Rachel, she had inquired about the caliber of his gun. Back at the Munro house, Kyle discovers the photos of Rupert and Adele in Rachel's wardrobe. The crime scene technician discovers a bullet hole in the wall, and the extracted bullet is also a .38. Kyle is summoned to a meeting with his supervisor, who suspends him pending an investigation in to his involvement with the case. He orders Kyle to surrender his pistol. Later that day, Lamar arrives at Kyle's trailer and asks him to come in for some more questioning. The pistol he surrendered did not match the serial number on his service weapon. Sitting in the back seat of Lamar's car, Kyle fixates on a compass that sits on Lamar's dashboard. After a second, more forceful interrogation with his supervisor and Lamar, Kyle returns home and re-examines the pictures he discovered at Rachel's. He identifies Lamar's dashboard compass in the bottom of the frame of one of the pictures. Adele meets with Lamar, and he pays her for her part in the scheme, after she shows him a ticket to prove that she is leaving town. He promises to pay her the rest of her share once he has received his cut. Kyle sneaks into Rachel's house and confronts her about the scheme. She confesses that Rupert was going to leave her with nothing, and that Lamar had concocted the scheme to make sure she inherited all of Rupert's fortune. She swears that, despite the fact that Lamar had designated Kyle as the fall guy, she had fallen in love with him. Kyle orders her to set up a meeting with Lamar at the bar where they met. At the bar, Kyle confronts Lamar. He confirms that Lamar had switched out the 9mm bullet for a .38 during the coroner inquest. He asks Lamar where his service revolver is, and Lamar says it is in his car. Kyle forces Lamar out to his car at gunpoint to retrieve the .38. The bartender sees Kyle's gun at Lamar's back and calls the police. They arrive as Kyle is searching for his pistol underneath the driver's seat in Lamar's car. Lamar calls out to the police that Kyle has a gun, and they open fire, killing Kyle. A distraught Rachel runs over to Kyle as he lays dying. She picks up the .38 and kills Lamar."] ["Chicago residents Neil Randall  and his wife, Abby Randall  have the perfect life and a perfect marriage. With their beautiful young daughter, Sophie, they are living the American dream... until today. When Sophie is suddenly kidnapped, they have no choice but to comply with the abductor's demands. The kidnapper, Tom Ryan , a cold and calculating sociopath, takes over their lives with the brutal efficiency of someone who has nothing to lose. In the blink of an eye, Neil and Abby's safe and secure existence is turned upside down. Over the next twenty-four hours they are at the mercy of a man who wants only one thing: that they do his bidding. It soon becomes clear that Ryan's demands are all the more terrifying because he doesn't want their money. What he wants is Neil and Abby's life, the life they have built over 10 years, to be systematically dismantled and destroyed, piece by piece. With time running out on their little girl, Neil and Abby realize their nightmare is just about to begin. They will have to submit to Ryan's challenges over the next 24 hour period. How far will they go to save the life of their child? They are asked to withdraw money from the bank which Tom burns and throws along with their wallets out of the car. They have to get $300 from nowhere in a part of the town where they don't have any friends. Abby pledges her bracelet and Neil his watch which gets them the $300. They are then asked to deliver a courier to some place within 20 min, and Tom reveals to Neil that the cover contains dirty details of Neil's job, which if leaked will ruin Neil. This goes on, with efforts by them to rescue Sophie from the Hotel, only to get caught by Tom, who makes Abby strip and change in front of them, etc. The denouement is revealed only in the last few minutes. Neil and Tom's wife  are colleagues at work and have been having an affair for a while: and Tom has come to know of it. On that day, Neil and Judy were planning to meet for a rendezvous. Tom wants to put Neil through the pain he had undergone and surprisingly Abby plays along with his plan. Neil lies to Abby when they are returning home that someone else was having an affair with Judy and Tom mistook Neil to be that person, which is why Tom had tormented them the whole day. Abby reveals the details at the very end to Neil, that in truth their daughter has not been kidnapped, she knows of the affair between Neil and Judy, the cover delivered contained only blank sheets, etc. Abby is paying back Neil the pain she went through on learning of the affair and played the game along with Tom."] ['Bilge had lost her mother in the 1999 earthquake. Several years later, she and her family go on a vacation to the coast. On the way to their rented house, she sees a series of visions. Things get worse when a small earthquake occurs, bringing back memories of her loss and releasing her inner demons.'] ['On November 9, 1988 in Chicago, Illinois, while being chased by homicide detective Mike Norris , serial killer Charles Lee Ray , also known as "Chucky" and "The Lakeshore Strangler", is shot and mortally wounded. Knowing he cannot escape, Charles takes cover inside a seemingly old toy store. He looms around until he falls on a stack of "Good Guy" themed dolls. He uses a voodoo ritual to transfer his soul into one of the dolls. The store is then struck by lightning and catches on fire; sending Mike flying unexpectedly across the store, although much of its inventory, including the dolls, survives. The detective isn\'t injured, and walks over to Charles, who lies deceased next to the doll. Later that morning, 6-year-old Andy Barclay ([[Alex Vincent  tells his mother Karen Barclay  that he wants a Good Guy doll for his birthday. Unable to afford the doll at full price, Karen buys a doll from a street peddler. That night, as Andy is playing with the doll – who has introduced himself as "Chucky",  – Karen\'s friend, Maggie Peterson , who is babysitting Andy, scolds him for turning on the evening news and placing Chucky in front of the TV. When Andy tries to deny the accusation , she doesn\'t believe him and sends him to bed. A small like figure is seen toying with Maggie, ultimately causing her to go into the kitchen. Maggie is violently struck with a hammer and falls out of the kitchen window, falling several stories to her death. Andy, when questioned by Mike Norris, who had killed Charles Lee Ray earlier that day, insists that Chucky has revealed himself to be alive and that he killed Maggie. Karen is very upset at Mike for questioning Andy. The next day, Andy skips school with Chucky and takes a subway train to the house of Eddie Caputo , Charles Lee Ray\'s getaway driver, who had left him to die after he was pursued by Jack Santos, also known as Mario , Mike Norris\'s partner. Chucky sneaks into Eddie\'s house and blows out the pilot light on the stove and turns up the gas. Eddie discovers that Charles is in the house, and, in panicked self-defense, fires his gun in the kitchen and the house explodes, killing him. Authorities place Andy in a psychiatric ward after he is found near the crime scene. Karen discovers Andy was telling the truth after discovering that the included batteries in the Good Guy doll box were never put inside the "working" doll. After threatening to throw him in the fireplace, Chucky comes alive in her hands , yells explectives at her, bites her, and runs out of the apartment. She then proceeds to contact Mike Norris. Although he initially doubts her story, the homeless man who sold Karen the doll confirms to Mike that he retrieved it from the burnt down toy store where Charles Lee Ray was killed, but not without asking for an offering first, in which Karen didn\'t have much to offer, so the homeless man attempted to rape her as an alternative, but she was saved by Mike. The detective becomes a believer after he is attacked by Chucky in his car and survives only by shooting the doll. Chucky meets John Simonsen , his voodoo instructor when he was younger, showing off his new body. Chucky then asks why his gunshot wound bled, since he should not bleed. John informs him that his body is slowly transforming to that of a human\'s and will soon become entirely flesh and blood, trapping him within it. Chucky demands to know how to avoid such a fate, but John, feeling Chucky has abused his voodoo knowledge, refuses to help. Having anticipated this, Chucky tortures him via a pre-prepared voodoo doll, and John admits Chucky can escape the doll body if he transfers his soul into the body of the first person he revealed his true nature to, which is Andy. Laughing that he will "get to be six years old again," a perfect disguise for a killer, Chucky stabs the voodoo doll and leaves John to die. Karen and Mike, following leads from Charles Lee Ray\'s case file, find John as he lies dying and receive instructions on how to kill Chucky; although Chucky is a doll, his heart is fully human and vulnerable to fatal injury. Knowing that Chucky is chasing him, Andy escapes from the psychiatric unit. Chucky brutally kills Dr. Ardmore  with an electroshock machine, leaving the authorities to believe Andy killed Dr. Ardmore while escaping. Mike and Karen rush back to the apartment hoping that Andy is there. Chucky reaches the apartment before them and knocks Andy unconscious with a baseball bat, then tries to begin the voodoo ritual to transfer his soul to Andy. After a prolonged struggle, Chucky is thrown into the fireplace by Karen and, despite some coaxing by Chucky, Andy manages to light a match and ignite the fireplace, ultimately burning Chucky alive. Andy and Karen, thinking that Chucky is dead, go to help an injured Mike, Karen telling Andy to get the first aid kit under the sink. After Andy gets the first aid kit from under the sink, he discovers Chucky is gone. Very burnt, but alive, Chucky chases after Andy and Karen, who barricade themselves in the bedroom. Karen shoots him several times, missing his heart, but scattering his head, an arm, and a leg in the hallway. After Mike\'s partner, Jack Mario, arrives, the scattered doll parts attack Mario at the instructions of Chucky\'s screaming, severed head. Karen, remembering John\'s last words, tells Mike to shoot Chucky in the heart. Mike does so and makes a direct hit, killing Chucky. Mike and Mario then acknowledge that no one will believe them. The film ends with Andy looking back at Chucky\'s remains as he, Karen, Mike, and Mario go out to the ambulance.'] ["In the post-apocalyptic year 2044, the population has been genetically altered to live in a constant state of happiness, but without sorrow, happiness dissipates, leaving only a feeling of never-ending paresthesia. Only pain can make people feel alive. Jack , a young man and former neurosurgeon, is a peddler of substances that induce pain. A stranger knocks on Jack’s door and hands him a single video tape that Jack’s long lost father, Ed Alexander Crowley , left behind. It is the first in a series of 10 tapes in which Ed has documented his life and his pursuit of what he calls the “Grand Conspiracy,” a conspiracy that quite possibly could be the answer to what happened to Jack’s world. Inspired by his father’s tape, Jack sets out on his own investigation. But in order to solve the whole puzzle, he must locate the remaining nine tapes. Jack begins to track down four more tapes, but the larger answer still eludes him. Jack meets the provocative Lisa  in a strip club, and is struck by the fact that she is just as conflicted and lonely as he is. Through her, Jack encounters the possibility of real love. As Jack finds the remaining tapes, the lines between his interior and exterior world blur, leading him to question reality itself. Lisa and Jack decide to abandon the search for the tapes and leave the city. Jack locates Ed’s last tape, and is suddenly faced with the same choice his father had to make forty years ago: to surrender his soul, or to remain true to himself, no matter the consequences. Jack's reality becomes the same reality as the final tape. The final scene reveals Jack as an institutionalized patient  with both a brain tumour and epilepsy taking part in a clinical research trial in 2012. The movie ends with him scribbling notes about Zenith while being monitored by a camera in his cell. He wonders if this isn't another part of the conspiracy."] ['Medical student Paula Henning  wins a place in a summer course at the prestigious University of Heidelberg Medical School. Her grandfather had a great name there before retiring, including being the discoverer of a useful drug, Promidal. They are tutored by Professor Grombek, who announces the hard work ahead. He also tells them that he will be using the elimination system, where the six lower grades will be periodically discarded. During one of their courses on anatomy, the body of David, a young man that Paula met and helped on the train trip, turns up on her dissection table. She is then humiliated by Professor Grombek, who dares her to cut and dissect the heart. She remarks that the body presents strange cuts, but this is dismissed as bad handling by the morgue caretaker. She decides to investigate the mysterious circumstances surrounding his death. When she goes to cut a sample for an independent test she is amazed to find a triple "A" mark near David\'s ankle. She is then startled by the medical school\'s mortuary preparetor, who wants to know if Professor Grombek is aware of her acts. Following her investigations, she begins to connect the facts with an ancient group, known as the Anti-Hippocratic Society –a secretive society of medical investigators that is not ethically-restrained. They perform gruesome experiments using living persons, especially when they consider those persons useless. Paula also comes across research about the rituals that they perform on transgressors of their rules, or those that inquire too much. Meanwhile, the relationship between Hein and Gretchen becomes strained, and Gretchen begins to go out with another man. This greatly affects Hein. One night, Paula is sitting on her bed when she feels wetness. Shocked, she discovers that the bed has been soaked in blood, and tapers had been left under it, a sign of warning from the Society. She then attacks a figure that enters her room, but the figure is revealed to be Hein, who is desperate for Gretchen and wants someone to talk to. At that time, Casper, Paula\'s romantic interest, enters and is furious that she is not alone. Hein leaves, apparently more at peace. Gretchen and her new boyfriend go to the city for a dinner, and return to the dorms for a romantic encounter. Hein kills Gretchen\'s lover in a jealous rage, while they are preparing to have sex in one of the morgue halls. He then injects Gretchen with a poison and taunts her as she is dying, telling her that he will preserve her body. He drags her body into the corpse room, and hides it in a plate, removing the head to prevent identification. He is so absorbed in the labor that he falls asleep without having dispatched the other body. The next day Paula confronts Hein about her findings on the society but he only menaces her, saying that it\'s dangerous to know too much. Then Grombek reveals that her grandfather was a member, and the drug he developed was made based on his work on Nazi Concentration Camp prisoners. She flees to the hospital where her grandfather is, but is told he died. At the assembly of the society, Hein is unrepentant for the deaths, saying that his previous work as a preserver has been more than outstanding. Defiantly, he accepts the customary punishment that the Society inflicts on transgressors, and slashes himself three times in the face. Grombek says that a passion-driven homicide is not what the Society strives for, takes the responsibility on himself for those misgivings, and leaves to call the authorities to take Hein into custody. Later, while Paula destroys the diplomas granted to her grandfather, the crazed Hein kills Grombek in his house. Paula gets back to the school, but is trapped by Hein and his accomplice. While they are preparing her for preservation, her bindings are partially cut by Casper who is then trapped by Hein and Phil. Paula escapes, poisoning one of her captors, and runs away until Hein strikes a high voltage cable and dies. Casper and Paula then escape together and the credits roll. Half way through the end credits, there is a sequence shown where two of Paula\'s college mates are discussing how Hein was brilliant in his work in dissection and preservation, how Professor Grombak is going to be substituted soon, and how in their respective practices they will keep a low profile while experimenting for the Anti-Hippocratic Society.'] [" The film opens with a shot of a baby in utero with the mother's voice soothing it. The baby recoils as if struck. Expectant mother Sarah  has been in a car accident, and her husband has been killed. Months later on Christmas Eve, Sarah is making final preparations for her delivery the following day. Still reeling from her husband's death, Sarah is now moody and depressed. That evening, a mysterious woman  arrives at Sarah's door, asking to use the telephone to call for help. Sarah lies that her husband is sleeping and she does not want to be disturbed, but the woman tells her that she knows that he is dead. When the visitor persists on coming in, Sarah, a professional photographer, attempts to take her photo through a window and telephones the police. When they arrive, the woman has already vanished. The police assure Sarah that she will be fine, but arrange to have a patrol car visit throughout the night. Upon developing her photos, Sarah recognizes the woman in the background of an earlier photo she had taken, indicating she was stalking Sarah. Sarah telephones her employer, asking to have the photos enhanced. As she goes to bed, the woman arrives in the bedroom, awakening Sarah with scissors puncturing her pregnant belly. Sarah fights the visitor off and locks herself in the bathroom, where the woman tries to gain entry. The woman makes clear that her intentions are to take Sarah's child for herself. Sarah's employer arrives, and later her mother, both unaware of the predicament that Sarah is in. Believing her to be the attacker, Sarah accidentally kills her mother. Her employer is later stabbed to death by the mysterious woman. The police arrive to check up, and upon realizing what is going on, attempt to apprehend Sarah's assailant and are instead murdered. A final confrontation ensues between Sarah and the woman, with both of them injuring each other via various household appliances. Sarah manages to gain the upper hand on her attacker and burns off half the woman's face with an aerosol container and cigarette. The woman flees, and upon being cornered by Sarah, reveals her identity; she was the other driver in Sarah's car accident and, being pregnant at the time, had lost her child. The two are interrupted by the revival of one of the police officers; having been shot in close proximity by the woman with his riot gun, he survived the attack and was brain-damaged instead. In his current state of mind, he confuses Sarah with her attacker and brutally beats her with his club. The woman comes to Sarah's aid and kills the officer, but it is too late; Sarah has begun to give birth and the baby is stuck. Desperate to save the child, the woman proceeds to perform the impromptu caesarian section on Sarah with her scissors as she originally planned. As the film ends, Sarah lies dead on the stairs, drenched in blood while the woman, having been successful with her delivery, sits on a rocking chair and comforts the newborn child."] ['A teenage girl named Su-mi is being brought to a psychiatrist. Although the psychiatrist attempts to elicit a response from her, she is unresponsive until a picture of her family is shown in front of her. She is taken home by her father, Moo-hyeon, along with her timid sister, Su-yeon. There, they are met by their difficult stepmother, Eun-joo. During their stay, both sisters encounter a ghostly woman at night. Additionally, tensions grow worse between the sisters and their stepmother especially after bruises are discovered on Su-yeon\'s arms, oblivious to Moo-hyeon. Later, at a dinner party, a guest and relative convulses from a condition she has. The guest, while convulsing, notices the same ghost woman under the kitchen sink the sisters have been seeing. Eun-joo also notices the woman the next day and insists to Moo-hyeon that strange events have become frequent since Su-mi and Su-yeon returned. Her pet bird is killed and found in Su-yeon\'s bed. Thoughtlessly and in a fit of rage, she locks Su-yeon in the wardrobe, and after Su-yeon is freed, Moo-hyeon asks Su-mi why she is making trouble. Su-mi insists that the stepmother harasses Su-yeon, locking her in the closet. Moo-hyeon informs her that Su-yeon is dead, and that she is not getting better. Su-mi believes her stepmother has killed Su-yeon and placed the body in a bag. A fight ensues between the two and Su-mi is rendered unconscious. Moo-hyeon returns home to find an injured Su-mi, however the stepmother and bag are nowhere to be found. A flashback ultimately reveals that Su-yeon is really dead and that the stepmother has been absent throughout the whole film. In the past, Eun-joo was a live-in nurse caring for the girls\' sick mother. The girls sensed that Eun-joo and Moo-hyeon were attracted to each other. Su-mi displays her disapproval toward Eun-joo, who in turn takes her anger out on Su-yeon. Su-yeon then returns to her room and Su-yeon\'s mother is shown trying to comfort her. In the present, Eun-joo goes into Su-yeon\'s room, where she hears a noise coming from the closet. The ghostly woman crawls out  and takes vengeance. However, it can be debated on whether this scene happened in real life, or whether it is a "fantasy" imagination scene created in the mind of Su-mi. The flashback picks up again from when Su-yeon, after being comforted by her mother, wakes up and opens the wardrobe door, finding her mother who has hanged herself. Terrified and confused, she accidentally pulls the wardrobe down on top of herself. Eun-joo hears and goes to investigate but leaves rather than helping Su-yeon. She changes her mind and goes back. En route, she passes Su-mi and an argument starts between them. Eun-joo warns Su-mi that she may come to regret this moment. Su-mi dismisses the warning as nonsense and angrily marches out of the house. Su-yeon continues clawing at the wardrobe until she eventually dies. This flashback sets place just before Su-mi goes to the psychiatrist at the beginning of the film after her mother and sister both died.'] ['During the opening credits, a woman drives to a train station on New Year\'s Eve to retrieve a satchel full of cash. Later that night, she is strangled, and her left ring finger is removed. In New York, struggling actress Katie McGovern  lives with her husband Rob Sweeney  and her brother Roland , who is visiting the couple. At an audition, Mr. Murray  hires her immediately. The pair drive upstate into the teeth of a raging snow storm. When they arrive at the home of Dr. Joseph Lewis , he graciously greets Katie from his wheelchair. He gives her a tour of the house, which features a number of trophies from his hunting days, including two massive stuffed polar bears. Katie asks to use the phone to call Rob but finds it has no dial tone. Dr. Lewis explains that the storm must have downed the lines and that Mr. Murray would drive her into town in the morning to make her call if they were still down. Over dinner, Dr. Lewis explains that Katie has been hired to replace Julie Rose, an actress who had a nervous breakdown during a film shoot. Katie is stunned to see photos of Julie, exclaiming, "I could be her sister!" Dr. Lewis explains that they will shoot a test reel on videotape tomorrow, which the director will view when he arrives. The following day, Mr. Murray tries to drive Katie into town to make her phone call, but his car will not start. Mr. Murray then cuts and dyes Katie\'s hair to match the photos of Julie. Katie asks him how he met Dr. Lewis. Mr. Murray explains that Dr. Lewis was his psychiatrist. The shoot goes well. Katie\'s lines are all about the attack seen at the beginning of the film. That evening, Mr. Murray sneaks out of the house and reconnects the car\'s ignition. He drives to another house nearby where a woman, whose face is never shown, watches him from her window. He slips the videotape into her mail slot, and she watches the video of Katie. After the test reel footage, Dr. Lewis appears on the video to tell the viewer that they need to meet. The next morning, as Katie looks for Dr. Lewis she stumbles upon a notebook with Polaroids of Julie\'s corpse. Horrified, she confronts Dr. Lewis with the evidence. He explains that Julie\'s nervous breakdown ended with her suicide and apologizes for leaving out that detail. Later that day in the parlor, Katie is startled by a pop in the fireplace, where she sees her driver\'s license burning. Unable to retrieve it, she rushes to her room and sees that all of her ID is missing from her wallet. As night falls, Katie sneaks out of the house without a coat. She tries to steal the car, but it is locked. The weather is so ferocious that she ends up crawling to the top of a hill where, to her horror, Mr. Murray is waiting for her. Back at the house, she demands to know what is going on. Dr. Lewis pretends her imagination is running wild. Katie realizes that Mr. Murray has drugged her hot chocolate, and she returns to her room, barricading the door with a mound of furniture before she passes out. As she sleeps, Mr. Murray enters her room from behind her full-length mirror. Katie wakes up in a fresh sleeping gown with a bandaged hand. She peels off the bandages to find that her left ring finger has been removed. Seeing that her barricade is undisturbed, Katie quickly finds the door behind the mirror and sees a staircase to the attic, which has a working phone. She calls Rob and explains that they are going to kill her. Rob asks where she is, but Katie can only remember vague landmarks about the drive upstate. Rob orders her to hang up the phone and call the police, which she does. As she collapses on a sofa, she sees the body of Julie Rose. Mr. Murray arrives and rips the handset out of the phone, taking her back downstairs to Dr. Lewis. As Dr. Lewis redresses her finger, he explains that Julia was involved in a vicious family feud with her sister, Evelyn. As a radical therapy, Dr. Lewis had convinced her to blackmail her sister, theorizing that it would help her achieve a catharsis. He was pleased with Julie\'s progress, but did not expect Evelyn to kill her, ordering the hit man to take her finger as proof. During his explanation, the police arrive. Dr. Lewis has just sedated Katie, and the combination of the sedative which confuses Katie and Dr. Lewis\' claim that she is his patient convince the police to leave without much of an investigation. Meanwhile, Rob and Roland have begun to drive upstate, using the handful of clues they have to try to locate Katie. When Katie wakes again, Evelyn is standing over her. Dr. Lewis is displaying Katie to prove that Julie is still alive and continue the blackmail. Katie slowly emerges from the sedative as Mr. Murray returns her to her room. Awake again, she fakes an escape attempt, luring Dr. Lewis and Mr. Murray out of the house. She pleads with Evelyn to help her escape, but Evelyn is convinced she is really Julie and attacks her. Katie kills Evelyn and poses as her to try to escape. When Mr. Murray realizes the ruse, Katie stabs him in the neck. Dr. Lewis is also not fooled by the disguise and lunges out of his wheelchair at Katie. Using a fire poker as a crutch, he follows her upstairs and eventually into the attic, where Katie manages to kill him. Rob and Roland arrive with the police, who they had convinced to revisit the house.'] ["In a small French town identified as 'anywhere', anonymous poison pen letters are sent by somebody signing as Le Corbeau . The letters start by accusing doctor Rémy Germain  of having an affair with Laura Vorzet , the pretty young wife of the elderly psychiatrist Dr. Vorzet . Germain is also accused of practicing illegal abortions. Letters are then sent to virtually all the population of the town, but keep getting back at the initial victim, Dr. Germain. The situation becomes serious when a patient of the hospital commits suicide with his straight razor after the Raven writes to him that his cancer is terminal. Marie Corbin, a nurse in the infirmary, becomes a suspect and is arrested, but soon new letters arrive. Germain's lover Denise is suspected, only for Laura to be identified by material contained in her blotter. Germain agrees to sign an order committing Laura as insane, just before he is called away to a patient. Just as the ambulance takes Laura away, Germain returns and finds Vorzet dead at his desk, his throat cut by the cancer patient's mother as he was writing the Raven's final triumphant letter. The film is loosely based on a famous anonymous letter case that started in the town of Tulle, Limousin in 1917. Anonymous letters had been sent by somebody signing the eye of the tiger."] ['The film is set in 1958 and follows the story of two adolescent girls, Meg  and Susan  who, upon losing their parents in an accident, are sent to live with their Aunt Ruth Chandler , a sadistic psychopath, and their three cousins, Willie , Ralphie  and Donny . David, a young boy living in 1950\'s Indiana, is neighbor to the Chandlers. When Meg arrives, he is instantly infatuated, attracted by her innocence. Aunt Ruth allows the children of the neighborhood to travel freely in and out of her house, offering them beer and cigarettes. Meg quickly becomes a target to Ruth, who belittles her, making suggestions that she is a whore, and starves her. One day David arrives at the house to find Meg\'s cousins tickling her. She knocks Ralphie to the floor, wanting him to back off, and runs from the room. Ruth punishes Susan for Meg\'s actions, as Meg\'s cousins hold her back. Ruth then takes the ring that Meg wears around her neck, which belonged to her mother. A few days later, Meg stops a policeman and tells him what happened. As punishment, Ruth, her children and their friends tie Meg in the cellar with her hands over her head. They play a bizarre game of "confession," and when Meg has nothing to confess, she is stripped naked. They gag her and leave her there. That night, the boys sneak back downstairs, giving her water. They agree to loosen her bindings, but only if she lets them touch her. She refuses, but David loosens them anyway. A while later, Meg is untied but refuses to eat, claiming that her mouth is too dry from dehydration to swallow it without choking. Ruth again punishes Susan for Meg\'s disobedience. The kids of the town treat her like a play thing, beating, cutting and burning her. David tries to tell his parents, but can\'t. Police Officer Jennings  eventually arrives at the house, having had their suspicions raised after a local boy talked to them. However, they leave finding nothing. David decides that it is time for Meg to escape, and unties her, promising her he will leave her money in the forest for her to run away with. The next day, David descends into the cellar to find Meg tied to the bed, being raped by Willie. David tries to leave but Donny stops him. Donny steps forward, wanting to rape Meg as well, but Ruth does not want him to, considering it to be incest to have sex with her so soon after his brother. Ruth instead offers Eddie or David to take a turn with her. When David declines, Ruth heats a needle and carves a message on Meg\'s stomach, telling her that now she will never be able to be with a man. Ruth then decides that they should make Meg \'perfect\' by giving her a clitorectomy, thus "destroying her desire for men forever." At this, David runs for the door, planning to escape and tell somebody. Several of the boys chase him, stopping him on the stairs. As one holds a knife to his neck, Ruth tells the boys to tie him up and says they\'ll "do something about him later" and one of the boys kicks him in the groin before turning their attention back to Meg. Bound on the floor, he can only watch helplessly as Meg is mutilated with a blowtorch. The next morning David awakes still on the cellar floor. He frees himself from his bindings, and finds Susan sitting with an unconscious Meg. Susan tells David that Meg did not escape the night that he untied her because she was caught trying to take Susan with her. Although David\'s plan was to come back for Susan after Meg escaped, Susan had told Meg that Ruth has been touching her on a regular basis to the extent of making her bleed, so Meg didn\'t want to leave her behind. Susan then tearfully insists that Meg should have just gone without her and saved herself while she could, but David tells Susan everything was going to be alright. David is afraid that Meg won\'t survive much longer without help, so he lights a fire in the cellar. As the smoke rises, Ruth enters the room and is beaten to death by David with Susan\'s crutch. Jennings arrives, taking Susan from the room and going for help. David retrieves Meg\'s mother\'s ring from Ruth, and gives it to her before she finally dies, her body finally succumbing to its wounds. As an adult, David reflects on how his past still haunts him to his present day, though as Meg taught him, "It\'s what you do last that really counts."'] ['Danny Sloan  is an art student who works in a record shop. He visits his friend Billy , who is in drug rehab in hospital. Billy suggests Danny goes to see the "psycho ward" before he leaves, to see Byron Volpe , a serial killer kept in a padded cell after being convicted of murdering his wife Madeline  by hypnotizing her into jumping from a building. Volpe is explained to have extraordinary powers of hypnotism, and is kept restrained and hooded to stop hospital staff from seeing his eyes. During the visit, Danny sees Laura Baxter  sleeping in the room next to Volpe. She suffers from a form of parasomnia in which she sleeps most of the time, and wakes occasionally for short periods of time. Danny falls in love with Laura, and continues to visit her at the hospital. When he finds out that she is due to move to a clinic run by Dr. Bhyle  where she will be used for medical experimentation, he resolves to rescue her. Disguised as a doctor from the Bhyle clinic, he kidnaps her and takes her to his apartment. The following morning Danny discovers that a neighbor has been murdered, and Laura attacks him with a knife while seemingly in a trance. When Detective Conroy, investigating the neighbor\'s death, comes to Danny\'s apartment, Laura kills him. Danny decides that Volpe must be controlling her, and decides that he must kill Volpe to stop him. He buys a handgun and visits the hospital, but Volpe overpowers him, escapes and takes Laura. Danny visits Volpe\'s derelict book shop, where Detective Garrett  finds him. After Volpe speaks to Garrett on the phone, he too falls under Volpe\'s control and takes Danny to Volpe. Volpe then sets Garrett to repeatedly playing Russian roulette. Volpe explains to Danny that rather than just kill him, he must make Laura forget about Danny so that she will love only Volpe. Volpe hypnotizes Danny into denouncing his love for Laura, but the sound of a gunshot made by Garrett shooting himself breaks the spell, and Danny and Laura fight and finally defeat Volpe. Garrett, who was only wounded by the gunshot, then shoots Danny in the side of the head, rendering him comatose. The film ends with Danny and Laura being cared for together by Dr. Corso  back at the hospital. Casting Director Gabrielle Evans'] ['Hope Cassidy  is a young computer systems analyst who travels to Istanbul for a job. While on her flight to Istanbul, she meets an air hostess, and then a taxi driver upon her arrival to the city. She soon discovers that her passport is no longer valid, and the new one issued by the American consulate contains the wrong name. She learns that her identity has been stolen, and that certain people are out to kill her.'] ['Jeffrey leads a quiet existence. Living in constant fear of being labeled a psychopath, Jeffrey constructs a complex world of denial. He is haunted by the spirits of the vengeful dead, which he can see while no one else can. After meeting Dana, a beautiful young woman who shares his "sight", Jeffery finds comfort in knowing someone shares his affliction. But his comfort is short lived as Dana suddenly goes missing and Jeffrey is left alone to find the answers.'] ['After hitting something with her, car–either a boy or a dog, middled-aged dentist Verónica  experiences an enigmatic breakdown consisting of memory loss and emotional detachment.http://movies.nytimes.com/2009/08/19/movies/19headless.html'] ['On October 2, 1988, Donnie Darko , a troubled teenager living in Middlesex, Virginia, is awakened and led outside by a figure in a monstrous rabbit costume, who introduces himself as "Frank" and tells him the world will end in 28 days, 6 hours, 42 minutes and 12 seconds. At dawn, Donnie awakens on a golf course and returns home to find a jet engine has crashed into his bedroom. His older sister, Elizabeth , informs him the FAA investigators don\'t know where it came from. Donnie tells his psychotherapist Dr. Thurman  about his continuing visits from Frank. Acting under Frank\'s influence, he floods his school by damaging a water main. He also begins dating new student Gretchen Ross , who has moved to town with her mother under a new identity to escape her violent stepfather. Conservative gym teacher Kitty Farmer  blames the flooding on the influence of the short story "The Destructors", assigned by English teacher Karen Pomeroy , and begins teaching attitude lessons taken from motivational speaker Jim Cunningham . Donnie rebels against these lessons, leading to friction between Kitty and Donnie\'s mother Rose . Donnie asks his science teacher Dr. Monnitoff  about time travel after Frank brings up the topic, and is given the book The Philosophy of Time Travel, written by Roberta Sparrow , a former science teacher at the school who is now a seemingly senile old woman. Dr. Thurman tells Donnie\'s parents that he is detached from reality, and that his visions of Frank are hallucinations, symptomatic of paranoid schizophrenia. Donnie disrupts a speech being given by Jim Cunningham by insulting him in front of the student body, then burns down Cunningham\'s house on instructions from Frank. When police find evidence of a child pornography operation in the house\'s remains, Cunningham is arrested. During a hypnotherapy session, Donnie confesses his crimes to Dr. Thurman and says that Frank will soon kill someone. Rose agrees to replace Kitty as chaperone for her daughter Samantha\'s  dance troupe in Los Angeles, so Kitty can testify in Cunningham\'s defense; with her husband Eddie  in New York on business, her older children are home alone. Donnie and Elizabeth take the opportunity to throw a Halloween party to celebrate her acceptance to Harvard University. Gretchen arrives, distraught that her mother has disappeared. Realizing that only hours remain before Frank\'s prophesied end of the world, Donnie takes Gretchen and two friends to seek Roberta Sparrow at her house. They are attacked by two school bullies  who are attempting to rob Sparrow\'s house, and the fight spills into the street. An oncoming car swerves to avoid Sparrow but runs over Gretchen, killing her. The driver is Elizabeth\'s boyfriend Frank , wearing the same rabbit costume as the Frank of Donnie\'s visions. Donnie shoots him with his father\'s gun. As a vortex forms in dark clouds above his house, Donnie drives into the hills and watches as an airplane descends above. The plane, carrying Rose and the dance troupe, is wrenched violently as one of its engines detaches and falls into the vortex. Events of the previous 28 days recapitulate in reverse order and action, until Donnie finds himself in bed on the morning of October 2. The jet engine crashes through his room, killing him. Others with whom Donnie had interacted in the 28 days awaken, some looking disturbed. Gretchen rides by Donnie\'s house and learns of his death from a neighbourhood boy , but says she did not know him.'] ['An American couple, Roy  and Jessie , take the train from Beijing to Moscow as an adventurous side trip on their return home from a Christian mission in China. The gregarious Roy befriends their cabin mates, a Spanish man, Carlos ([[Eduardo Noriega , travelling with his young Seattle-born girlfriend, Abby . The reserved Jessie does not share her husband\'s warmth towards the globe trotting pair. In course of the journey, Carlos shows Jessie a collection of "rare" souvenir matryoshka dolls he is carrying. When Roy misses the train in Irkutsk while sightseeing, Jessie is left alone with Carlos and Abby. Jessie gets off the train at Ilanskaya station, about 400 miles further, to wait for Roy to arrive in another train. Carlos and Abby get off with her, claiming she would not be safe alone. In a restaurant, Jessie sees dolls nearly identical to the ones that Carlos showed her. Abby is upset when she mentions this and goes off to bed. Jessie begs Carlos not to involve Abby in his suspicious activities. The next morning Carlos comes to Jessie\'s room, tells her that his shower is not working and asks to use her bathroom. Jessie receives a call from the reception desk and leaves Carlos alone in her room. At the reception she later receives a telephone call confirming that Roy will rejoin her at 4 o\'clock, and Carlos convinces her to accompany him on a trek into the middle of a snowy wilderness, where they come upon the ruins of an abandoned church. Jessie, an amateur photographer, starts taking pictures of the old church. When Carlos makes advances at first she surrenders and the two begin kissing, but she comes to her senses and asks him to stop. When he continues and chases her, she becomes terrified and beats him to death with a fence post, then returns to the railway station and rejoins Roy on the train. Ilya Grinko , an inquisitive Russian narcotics officer whom Roy previously befriended, is the new cabin mate of Roy and Jessie. Jessie finds Carlos\' dolls in her own suitcase and realizes that Carlos must have hidden them when he was in her room that morning. In the course of a conversation with Grinko about his police work, Jessie realizes that Carlos was smuggling heroin in the dolls, and she unsuccessfully tries to get rid of them. She panics when Grinko becomes suspicious and confronts her. When she returns to her cabin to find Roy examining the dolls, she breaks down and explains their origins to Roy, though without telling him about Carlos\' death. The two of them surrender the dolls to Grinko, who at first seems satisfied that they were not involved in the smuggling operation. The next morning, however, she and Roy awake to discover that most of the train\'s cars are now gone along with the passengers; only Grinko and his partner Kolzak Yushenkov  remain. Grinko and Kolzak stop the train in the middle of nowhere and take Jessie and Roy to an abandoned military bunker, where Abby is being tortured. Grinko is on the payroll of a Russian drug lord and explains that, in addition to the heroin, he wants the money that Carlos carried, which belongs to the drug lord. Grinko tells Jessie that Abby is not a "good girl" as Jessie had thought: Abby recruited Carlos, was responsible for another man\'s death and is trying to cheat the drug lord of his money. Jessie disbelieves Grinko because Carlos told her Abby was innocent. Jessie and Roy escape with the train because Roy, a railway enthusiast, knows how to operate a locomotive, but the train starts to slow down and Grinko and Kolzak are able to re-board the train. When the pair question Jessie once again about Carlos\' whereabouts while holding her and Roy at gunpoint, Jessie comes clean and screams that she killed Carlos. Kolzak however does not believe her, but before they can do anything else, the train has a head-on collision with another train. With the police on the way, Grinko shoots Kolzak to maintain his cover that he is on the right side of the law, claiming to have rescued Jessie and Roy from Kolzak. The couple are taken away by the police, while Grinko escapes. In Moscow, U.S. officials visit Jessie and Roy. Through a photograph Jessie took of Grinko and his associates, the officials believe it will be easy to shut down the drug operation. They reveal Carlos\' criminal history and believe Abby just got mixed up with the wrong crowd. When signing statements, Jessie never tells the officials that she killed Carlos, although Roy may have heard her admit to this when the train was about to crash. Upon touring Moscow and seeing a billboard of a girl sitting on the end of a dock , Jessie insists on talking to Abby in the hospital. The final scene shows a still-limping Abby finding Carlos\'s body in the snow by the old church. Earlier, she had revealed to Jessie that she was "working" on finding money to buy back her grandfather\'s cottage on the lake in Vancouver. She takes the stolen money from his jacket and walks away.'] ['In the opening scene set in Southern California, while Virginia Wilson  is taking an outside beach shower, an escaped madman from the sanitarium shows up. He stabs her dog, Rusty [Devil was the name of her second dog], attacks her and is then shot to death by her stepbrother, Charlie, with a rifle. After the attack, Virginia is committed to a sanitarium. The psychiatrist falls in love with her. He fakes her death, and they go on the lam. Virginia ends up dancing at the El Madhouse night club run by Gypsy Rose Lee. Lee performs "Put the Blame on Mame," the classic noir theme from the film Gilda. All the while Virginia is being stalked by a serial killer.'] ['Famed novelist Paul Sheldon  is the author of a successful series of novels involving a character called Misery Chastain. But Paul wants to branch out and has just finished the manuscript of a new unrelated novel. He departs from Silver Creek, Colorado to head to Los Angeles but is caught in a blizzard and his car goes off the road. He is rescued by a nurse named Annie Wilkes  and brought to her remote home. Both of Paul\'s legs are broken and he has a dislocated shoulder, so he is bedridden and incapacitated. Annie claims she is his "number one fan" and talks a lot about him and his novels. She\'s happy when Paul lets her read his new novel, but later admits she disliked the excessive swearing. While feeding him, she is angered and spills soup on him but regains control and apologizes. She buys a copy of Paul\'s latest book, Misery\'s Child, but after learning that he has "killed off" Misery, Annie flies into a rage, almost smashing a table on Paul\'s head. She reveals that nobody knows where he is . Annie leaves and Paul tries to escape from his room, but she has locked the door. The next morning, Annie makes Paul burn his latest manuscript. When he is well enough to get out of bed, she insists he write a new novel entitled Misery\'s Return in which he brings the character back to life. Paul reluctantly does, believing Annie might kill him otherwise. However, having found a means of escaping his room, he sneaks out whenever Annie is away and begins to stockpile his painkillers. He tries to kill Annie during a candlelit dinner, but is foiled when she accidentally spills her drugged wine. During another venture out of his room, Paul finds a scrapbook of newspaper clippings about his disappearance and Annie\'s past. He discovers that she was suspected and tried for several infants\' deaths. Later, Annie drugs Paul and straps him to the bed. When he wakes, she tells him that she knows he\'s been out of his room and breaks his ankles with a sledgehammer in an act of "hobbling". Meanwhile, the local sheriff, Buster , is investigating Paul\'s disappearance and visits Annie, prompted by his discovery of a quote she used from a Misery book during her trial years earlier. While there, Buster finds that Paul has been drugged and hidden in the basement. Annie fatally shoots Buster, and tells Paul that they must die together. He agrees, but says he wants to finish the novel and "give Misery back to the world". While she gets his chair, Paul hides a can of lighter fluid in his pants. When the book is done, he reminds Annie it is his practice to have a single cigarette and a glass of champagne after finishing a novel. When Annie presents these things to Paul, he tells her that this time, he will need a second glass, for her. As Annie goes to get a second glass, Paul douses the manuscript in the lighter fluid and as Annie returns with the glass, he sets it on fire, much as she made him do to his earlier, post-Misery novel. Paul and Annie engage in a fierce struggle that ends with Paul bludgeoning Annie to death. Eighteen months later, Paul  meets his publishing agent Marcia  in a restaurant. The two discuss his first non-Misery novel, titled The Higher Education of J. Philip Stone, which is earning critical acclaim prior to release, a first for him. However, Paul is indifferent to this because he wrote that novel for himself, something that, in a way, Annie inspired him to do. Marcia asks if he wants to write a non-fiction book about his captivity, but Paul is non-committal. While at the restaurant, he sees a waitress whom he briefly imagines as Annie. The waitress claims she is his "number one fan", to which Paul uncomfortably responds "That\'s very sweet of you."'] ['High school senior Nick Powell  plans to skip his graduation and fly to London for a writing program, despite the plans his controlling mother, Diane , has for him. While he is a top performer in school and cares deeply for creative writing, his mother often pressures him to succeed past his abilities and remains emotionally distant. A few years prior, Nick\'s father died unexpectedly and the two have maintained a strained relationship in silence. Nick\'s best friend, Pete Egan , confides in him that he is bullied by Annie Newton , a troubled teen. Nick attempts to step in on one such occasion, only for it to escalate into a physical confrontation. Annie\'s closest friends are a few violent thieves, and her boyfriend, Marcus , is on parole for similar violations. Later in the day, Nick tells Pete about his plans to leave for London and the writing program there, and they share a bitter-sweet goodbye. The same evening, Annie impulsively decides to rob a jewellery store across the street from where Marcus is stealing a car. Marcus reprimands her, and later tries to take the jewels for himself, but Annie keeps them and defiantly pushes him to try and stop her. Believing Annie to be out of control, Marcus tips off the cops. Annie is arrested and assumes that Pete is responsible because he saw her load the merchandise into her locker at school. She later attempts to beat a confession out of Pete. When Annie doesn\'t believe his innocence, Pete reluctantly gives up Nick\'s name in order to stop his beating, thinking that Nick will be on a plane to London already. He does not know that Nick\'s flight schedule had changed and that he gave his ticket to a girl at a party, deciding last minute not to go. Annie and her crew find Nick walking home from a party. They run him off the road and beat him mercilessly. Annie goes too far, and believes she killed Nick. They dump his body in a nearby sewer. The next morning Nick goes to school to find that no one can see or hear him. He returns to his home to find his mother making a missing person report with the police. After a while, Nick thinks that maybe he may be alive but unconscious. As Nick comes to realize that he\'s having an out-of-body experience, he attempts to reach out to Annie and Pete in a desperate bid to save his life. He follows Annie in his new state of near death willing her to tell the police where his body is as she does not know he is still alive. Detective Larson seems close to putting together the whole truth, and implies that once he finds Annie he will be able to put the robberies and murder on Marcus. Since Marcus is still on parole, Detective Larson adds the pressure that even associating or participating in a felony could send him back to prison. Marcus decides to get involved, so he kidnaps Pete and forces him to lead him to Nick\'s body so they can move it together to another location. He then conspires to kill Annie and arranges to meet with her. Annie calls Pete to the meeting place also, who is under surveillance by the police. As Annie flees from both Marcus and the police, Nick yells at her and for the first time she turns back and responds. The two cannot hold a conversation, and Annie cannot see Nick, but she hears some of his voice in her head and has the sense that his presence is following her around. From this association, Annie begins to feel the effects of her actions on her conscience, and stops to visit Nick\'s room to get a better sense of who he is. The two realize the tragedy of their lives was that they were so similar that given different choices and events, the two could have been close. Diane catches Annie in his room, and she flees. She returns to the woods to find Nick\'s body, only to see that it has been moved. She confronts Pete, and then Marcus trying to learn the location of the body. Marcus tells her, but shoots her in the belly as she leaves. She shoots Marcus in return, then calls the police to tell them where to find Nick. Nick is saved just in time, but Annie succumbs to her wound after visiting him in the hospital.  In the Swedish film "Den Osynlige", of which The Invisible is a remake, "Niklas"  does not regain consciousness, and "Annelie"  does not end up being shot nor does she die, but instead turns herself in after her confession and apology. Also, in the original, Pete dies after his suicide attempt. Neither version is true to the novel where the "Annie" character is a neo-nazi. She never regrets anything in the novel and is not displayed in a sympathetic light. Also, in the novel, all the teens are 14-15, "Nick\'s" girlfriend is pregnant, and "Nick\'s" mother is not excessively controlling.'] ['Jim Halsey , a young man delivering a car from Chicago to San Diego, spots a man hitchhiking and gives him a ride. The man, John Ryder , is brooding and soft-spoken; when Jim passes a stranded car, however, Ryder\'s personality suddenly shifts. Ryder calmly states that the reason the car is stranded is because he murdered and mutilated the driver, and he intends to do the same to Jim. Terrified, Jim asks what Ryder wants. He replies, "I want you to stop me." Ryder produces a switchblade knife and taunts Jim for several moments before Jim realizes Ryder had never put on his seat belt and that the car door was left ajar, so he knocks him out of the car\'s passenger door. Relieved, Jim continues on his journey but sees Ryder in the back of a family car with a couple\'s girls. He tries to warn them but loses control of his car and spins off the road. He continues driving and after a while comes across the family\'s car, with blood oozing out the doors. He carries onwards and pulls into an abandoned gas station to use a phone. While there, Ryder corners him in the garage, but simply throws back the keys he took from Jim\'s car and leaves. Jim chases after him, rushing outside into a rising sandstorm, but Ryder has already hitched a ride with a man in a truck and leaves. Jim continues driving and eventually sees another gas station. While filling up his car, Ryder attempts to run him over, crashing into the pumps, causing gas to flood onto the concrete. As Jim attempts to flee Ryder drops a match, igniting the spilled gas. The ensuing explosion destroys the gas station. Jim\'s car bursts from the flames and speeds away. Jim eventually stops at a roadside diner, where he meets a pretty young waitress named Nash  and calls the police. She then serves him a cheeseburger and French fries; he starts to relax. Upon discovering a severed finger among the fries, Jim realizes Ryder is present and attempts to flee. Two police officers arrive and, quickly finding Ryder\'s bloody switchblade in Jim\'s pocket, arrest him. Jim wakes up in his cell and soon finds the door is unlocked. When he leaves he discovers all the officers at the station have had their throats slit. He steals a gun and flees. While attempting to use a payphone at another gas station, he sees a police car driving up. Holding the two officers in the car hostage, he orders them to get in and drive while he rides in the back. As they are driving, Jim speaks via radio to the officer in charge of Jim\'s case, Captain Esteridge . He and the two officers in the car convince Jim to trust them and surrender, but Ryder pulls up alongside the police car and kills the two officers. The car crashes by the side of the road and Ryder disappears once again. Jim contemplates suicide but resolves to keep going. At a cafe, Jim is sitting in the booth and suddenly Ryder appears in front of him. He holds Ryder at gunpoint who tells him the gun is unloaded. He leaves bullet in a serviette for Jim and departs. On seeing a stopped bus at the cafe, Jim sneaks on and hides in the bathroom. When Nash gets on and knocks on the door, he grabs her and tries to explain his situation. They sit down at the back of the bus and Jim tells his story. A police car then pulls the bus over. Knowing the police know he is on board, Jim gives himself up. The two officers are furious, believing Jim just killed two of their colleagues. One officer tells Jim to wipe his wrist. Knowing that once he does he will be shot in what will look like an act of self-defense, Jim refuses. This infuriates the officer further and he threatens to shoot Jim anyway. Suddenly Nash appears and holds the two officers hostage. Once they drop their weapons Nash and Jim flee. Ryder has been watching the entire event nearby. The two flee and and are chased by two police cars; as they come level, Jim slams on the brakes and one police car shoots the tyres of the other, resulting in a carnage. Nash and Jim flee again only to be chased by a helicopter and new patrol cars. Ryder helps them by shooting down a police helicopter, which crashes and wrecks several police cruisers that had been coming after them. In a motel, Nash is kidnapped by Ryder while Jim is in the bathroom. When Jim begins looking for Nash he is grabbed by Esteridge and another officer who, instead of arresting him, say they "Have a situation". Jim sees a large trailer and a truck with Nash tied up in-between. Esteridge informs Jim that Ryder asked for him specifically and that his men cannot shoot him as his foot will slip off the clutch, which would kill Nash. Once Jim gets in the truck, Ryder gives him a gun and tells him to shoot, but Jim is unable to do so. Ryder, disappointed, presses down the accelerator and rips Nash in half. Ryder is arrested, but the police are unsure of what to do with him, as they cannot find any information on him at all. As Ryder is being transferred to another facility, Jim cannot contain the urge to kill Ryder in revenge for the death of Nash, so he steals Esteridge\'s weapon and car, forces the police captain out of the vehicle, and goes after Ryder. As he is driving behind the police bus, the door swings open to reveal Ryder has killed all officers inside. He jumps onto the hood of Jim\'s car, but Jim hits the brakes and throws him off. Ryder stands up and begins firing at Jim\'s vehicle, until Jim runs him over and seizes his weapon. Ryder slowly gets up once again behind him and smiles. Jim finally shoots and kills him. The film ends with Jim in a similar silhouette to Ryder, cast against a blood red sky as he lights a cigarette.'] ["Middle-class couple Michel  and Claire  have a chance meeting with Harry , a high school acquaintance of Michel's. Starting with that meeting, Harry, traveling with his girlfriend Plum , becomes obsessed with Michel and Claire and begins to have a profound and damaging effect on the young couple."] ["The film begins in the outskirts of rural New Mexico where an unconscious Frank Kavanaugh  is discovered by two local ranch hands. Suffering from a gunshot wound to the head, he is rushed to a nearby hospital in a small town called Black Point. Due to the extent of his injuries, Kavanaugh is placed in an intensive care unit under the care of a trauma nurse named Liz . After regaining consciousness, Kavanaugh is interviewed by Sheriff Kolb , however, because of his head injuries, he is unable to explain what has transpired due to a case of temporary amnesia. Given his condition, Kavanaugh is ordered to stay in the hospital for closer observation. Much to their dismay, Sheriff Kolb and his deputies are unable to find any clues as to what might have happened to Kavanaugh. After a thorough search of the crime scene, Sheriff Kolb returns to the hospital to find that Kavanaugh, in a violent and confused state, is claiming to have knowledge of a possible assassination attempt on the president of the United States. Dr. Conway  persuades Kavanaugh to remain calm and later explains to Sheriff Kolb that his paranoia stems from a delusional side effect of the amnesia. Amongst the added confusion, Kavanaugh experiences a myriad of images that could be pure fantasy or actual pre-amnesiatic memories. The most vivid image, one in which a dark, shadowy figure is seen talking with a mysterious woman named Ms. K , hints at various details of a possible assassination attempt involving key government parties. However, because of Kavanaugh's deranged state, he is unable to differentiate between realism and fantasy. Sheriff Kolb believes that there is some credibility to Kavanaugh's story and continues to question him. To further complicate matters for Kavanaugh, his fiancée, Chloe  arrives at the hospital and makes arrangements for his immediate release. It is then revealed through Chloe that she and Kavanaugh are actually from Chicago and that Kavanaugh works for the IRS. She produces documentation that verifies Kavanaugh's employment with the government, and further explains to Sheriff Kolb that she and Kavanaugh were in New Mexico on vacation. She also produces a seaside photo of Kavanaugh and herself walking on a beach as further proof that she is his fiancée. Kavanaugh still strongly believes in an imminent attempt on the President's life and later calls the US Secret Service and warns them of an assassination plot that will occur in Black Point within the next few days. Distraught over his situation, Chloe convinces Kavanaugh to leave the hospital with her, and she drives him back to the motel they had checked into a few days earlier. Incidentally, recent news updates reveal that the President and his campaign team have been touring the Southwest and will arrive in New Mexico within the next few days."] ["Bucky and Earl are the two man team that collect and dispose of road kill for the county. A new, specially designed carcass removal truck forces them to choose which one of them gets to keep his job and who is let go. Earl comes up with a plan so they can both keep their jobs, but it means working at night. One night they are called out to Rufus's house where there is something dead in the well that needs to be removed. When Earl and Bucky discover what is fouling the well, their shock and confusion turns to panic and fear as they figure out what to do. Disagreement and conflict arise between them and this gradually builds to mistrust, suspicion and mystery, revealing secrets of a dirty, vile, inconceivable past. A past as repulsive as the road kill they scoop off the road."] ["Michael Overton  and his wife Allison  are a couple who have been traumatized by the death of their daughter in a car accident. Allison has been especially affected, as she has been unable to even acknowledge that her daughter has died. She lives in a trance-like state and is unable to perform normal adult functions. Dr. Turner  recommends the Overtons hire a live-in nurse to assist with Allison's psychological healing. They hire a nurse recommended by Dr. Turner, Katherine Randolph , whose unorthodox methods cause tensions to arise in the Overton home."] ['31 North 62 East tells the story of a British Prime Minister who gives up the position of an Special Air Service  unit in Afghanistan to ensure a UK £80 billion arms deal goes through, assuring his re-election. All soldiers in the SAS unit are thought to have died, until two months later, when one of them, a female captain, is found by Italian special forces and returns to the UK to investigate.'] ["The story follows Tim, Chris and Rand who are campus roommates. After hearing of a school policy, which says that anyone whose roommate commits suicide gets an automatic 4.0 GPA , Tim and Chris plot to kill Rand and make it look like suicide. After the suicide, Rand's girlfriend Natalie  is distraught and commits suicide as well. The story takes several plot twists as each persons motives come to light and the truth is revealed. The film was screened at the Sundance Film Festival but then went directly to video.{{Citation needed}}"] ['A mysterious encounter with a stranger causes a 25 year old man to rapidly become a genius. As his intelligence grows, so do a series of horrendous murders.'] ['Special Agent Jennifer Marsh  is a widowed single parent living in a suburban Portland home with her daughter, Annie Haskins . At night, she works in the FBI\'s cybercrime division with Griffin Dowd , fighting identity theft and similar crimes. One night, an anonymous tip leads them to a website called KillWithMe.com. The site features a streaming video of a kitten being tortured and killed. The website cannot be shut down, as the creator knew that someone would try and built into it a fail-safe; every time the server is closed, a mirror server immediately replaces it. After the kitten\'s death, KillWithMe.com\'s webmaster graduates to human victims and makes their deaths correlate directly with the number of hits the site receives. At a press conference, the public is urged to avoid the website, but as Jennifer feared this only increases the site\'s popularity. The videos are recorded in the killer\'s basement and his various victims include a helicopter pilot , a newscaster , and Griffin Dowd . At first it seems the victims were randomly chosen, but this is revealed to be untrue: the first two victims were chosen because they were part of filming or presenting the suicide of a junior college teacher. The teacher\'s unstable techno prodigy son, Owen Reilly ([[Joseph Cross , broke down and was admitted to a psychiatric hospital. When released, he decided to prove a point; that the public\'s interest in the suffering of others is insatiable, as well as wreak vengeance on those he felt had exploited his father\'s death. Griffin was killed because he came close to discovering the murderer\'s identity, and Jennifer is soon targeted after figuring this out as well. Captured by Owen, Jennifer escapes her death by cultivator by swinging out of the way while dangling from the ceiling. She breaks free and pins down the murderer, fatally shooting Owen on his own website as the police arrive. As the film ends, Jennifer displays her FBI badge and the scene closes with a shot of the dwindling chatter in the website\'s chat room, showing statements being made such as "a genius died today" as well as "glad the killer is dead", and a final comment asking whether the video could be downloaded.'] ['A naive woman  comes to New York City to meet her salesman husband  whom she only met months before, and discovers that he may be a murderer.'] ["The film is about an American accountant bombarded with cable news and the media's obsession with terrorist plots in the post 9/11 world, who receives a jolt when an unattached Islamic graduate student moves in next door."] ["The story starts with Nick and Lori, a newlywed couple who, after eloping, want to take a mule ride down into the canyon with a guide, Henry. The next day the trio head down into the canyon. After traveling for a while the guide offers to take them to old petroglyphs  which are a half days ride away. After some convincing from Nick, Lori eventually agrees to the journey. On the way Henry is bitten twice by rattlesnakes and in the process the trio's mules flee. They are forced to make camp and begin heading back the next day. The guide is delirious and later in the day succumbs to the venom and dies. The couple bury him and are left to struggle on to find a way out. After a days hike the couple eventually reach a dead end with petroglyphs, realizing that they have spent the day traveling in a circle and instead of getting closer to base camp they have in fact got further away. Nick suggests attempting to climb the rock face in the hope of getting a signal on Lori's phone. She manages to call the emergency services but only manages to say they are in trouble before being cut off. Nick then loses his grip and the couple fall, in the process breaking Lori's phone and Nick's leg, which gets trapped in a crevice at the base of the rock face. Nick's leg is completely trapped and after a day of waiting and hoping for help to arrive he suggests that they cut his leg off so they can keep going. Lori disagrees with it but eventually she agrees and goes in search of the body of their guide to get his knife and returns to Nick to cut the leg. By this point infection has set in and Nick is in very bad shape, barely being able to move at all. Lori succeeds in freeing Nick's leg and cauterizes the wound with the blade of the knife after it being placed in the fire. When night falls wolves get attracted to the smell of blood and try to attack but Lori successfully fights them off with fire and the knife. When the next day dawns Lori fashions a stretcher to move Nick but the wolves track the smell and keep following them. The stretcher breaks but Lori attempts to drag Nick on, rejecting his pleas to leave him behind. The wolves are relentless in their attack and exhausted from days without food or water Lori loses the ability to defend him, as she fends off wolves from one direction, wolves attack Nick while her back is turned. The wolves surround them, and to prevent Nick from suffering through being eaten alive she performs Euthanasia on him by suffocating him. She breaks down and goes into shock as a rescue helicopter rounds the edge of the canyon with her kneeling next to Nick's body."] ["Beth Needham  works the graveyard shift at a gas station, and is becoming increasingly fed up with her job. To pass the time, she listens to a late-night radio show hosted by Dr. Lindsey Roland . One night, she musters up the courage to call into the show and she is encouraged to make some changes in her life and to call back in a few weeks to update the show's listeners on he progress. It doesn't take long for Beth to quit her job, threatening her boss with a knife while she's doing so. She then murders her mother by depriving her of oxygen. She despises her bed-ridden mother because she made her work long hours to support her and chastised her when she quit. After the mother dies, Beth finds out that she had more than $80,000 worth of a stock in her portfolio, and becomes even more enraged that she was forced to work for her even though she had plenty of money. Beth becomes even more obsessed with the talk-show host and, after unsuccessfully trying to reach Lindsey again at the station, she tries to reach her at her psychiatry office. She then learns that Lindsey has an answering service and that its workers get to talk to the host all the time. Beth applies for a job at the answering service, but is rejected in favor of a woman who she believes is a more physically attractive candidate. She kills the woman when she's walking in the parking lot after work. Beth then gets a call informing her that she got the job by default. Beth's obsession with Lindsey grows even more once she establishes a relationship with her. She winds up babysitting her child -- drugging him to make him fall asleep -- and murders one of her other babysitters to get more time with her. And when one of her co-workers learns how disturbed she really is from her former boss, she kills her, too. When Lindsey starts becoming suspicious and growing hostile toward Beth, she gets kidnapped at gunpoint and taken on a road trip. She eventually manages to get free, and after a scuffle in which she grabs the gun, orders Beth  to back off. When she refuses and takes a threatening lunge, Lindsey shoots her stalker to death."] ["John Radley's childhood was not a particular nice one; dad gone, mom abusive, bullied by neighborhood kids and his pets had a tendency to die on him. Only his first crush Gretchen ever treated him with kindness. But this all ended when he was goaded into performing a balancing act, whereupon a malicious prank backfired and Johnny ended up plunging down a dried up well to greet a rock floor. Since then he has been in Oakhurst State mental hospital for over a decade. Left semi-comatose, with only his now distorted memories and nightmarish flashbacks for comfort. One night the continual flood of harsh images is too much for his psyche, and he comes to finding himself badly disfigured and severely brain damaged , who will ever care for  Johnny now? No one, he  knows, which is why he suffers a complete psychotic break, and after venting his fury on a nurse, turns his rage towards those who left him this way. Bursting out of his temporary accommodation he storms off into the night, dead set on disposing of his old childhood tormentors, whose body parts he intends to offer up to the only person in his life who ever gave a damn about him - a certain girl called Gretchen!"] ["The film revolves mainly around a scene in which Cynthia Kellogg  is interrogated by two investigators at the police station. The deposition given by Cynthia is supported by detailed flashbacks throughout the film. The interrogation arouses particular suspicion about whether Cynthia's own husband could have informed the police about the incident and anything which his wife could have confided in him."] ['Klaus, a former Nazi German doctor who practiced horrific experiments with children during World War II, has continued with his sick attraction for torturing and killing young boys during his exile in a remote village in Catalonia. His latest victim is a child he has tortured and later kills with a blow to the head, taking photographs of the crime. This sadistic act has been witnessed by Angelo, another of Klaus victims, who has spied him from a window, later stealing the tortured incriminating writings and photographs of the doctor\'s crimes. Klaus tries to commit suicide jumping from a tower, but he survives. As a result of his failed attempt he is now unable to breathe on his own and is immobile, confined permanently in an iron lung to survive. Some years later, Klaus is being taken care of by his wife Griselda and their young daughter Rena in a large gloomy house in the country. Griselda is unhappy in Spain and, overwhelmed by the task of looking after her husband, she secretly wishes he would just die. Then a young man with a scarred face named Angelo appears, offering his services as a nurse to help take care of Klaus. Griselda takes an instant dislike towards Angelo and does not want to hire him, but Klaus insists that he should stay. In reality, Angelo has no actual nursing skills, which Griselda soon discovers, but even then Klaus refuses to get rid of him. It is revealed that Angelo was one of Klaus\'s victims and that, in the past, they had a sickening, sadomasochistic relationship. Angelo\'s true aim is revealed to be not only to take his revenge out on Klaus, but to ultimately take his place. Angelo reads Klaus passages from the diaries he stole in which the doctor describes, in detail, how he tortured his young victims. Recreating what Klaus did to him, Angelo strips and masturbates in front of Klaus\' glass cage. He then calls Griselda. She tries to run away, but he kills her, hanging her from the rails of the second floor. The next day, Angelo fires the housekeeper, taking over the house with Rena\'s help. Rena is not disturbed by her mother\'s absence, as her mother was abusive towards her. Rena feels far more comfortable under Angelo\'s care. Angelo continues with the doctor\'s experiments, bringing young boys to Klaus in his iron lung. Angelo lures a child to the house with the excuse of needing help with carrying the groceries, and ties him to a chair. In front of Klaus, Angelo kills the boy by injecting him through the heart with a needle filled with gasoline. A second boy is then brought in and Angelo kills him by cutting his throat after making him sing. Fearing that Angelo is out of control and that his life and Rena\'s are in danger, Klaus tells his daughter to run away to the near village with a message asking for help. Angelo discovers Rena while she is trying to escape and brings her back to the house. He dominates her, sometimes assuming a perverse "parental" role over her using violence. Finally Angelo removes Klaus from his iron lung to die by asphyxiation while emulating the scene of his own abuse, in Rena\'s presence. Once Klaus is dead, Angelo takes his identity totally, getting into the artificial lung, and makes Rena take his.'] ['After the drug-induced death of his teenaged daughter, Christian is sent a video tape, it depicts several men having sexual intercourse with his drugged-up daughter. Christian then decides to avenge his daughter by killing all those linked to the sex tape. Along the way he meets a young woman named Alice, and a fragile friendship begins to unfold.'] ['Twenty-two year-old serial killer Shin Hyun targeted pregnant women and turned himself in after committing several grisly murders. Ten months later a copycat killer became active, and detectives Kang and Kim are put on the case. They track down the killer by following clues from the first two victims: A pregnant schoolgirl whose fetus the killer removed, and a single mother strangled from behind on a bus. They had tried to pump Shin for information, but without success. They stake out the killer\'s home, but when the killer comes home, he notices the cops and runs. Kang follows him into a nightclub, where the killer slices off a lesbian\'s ear and then slits her throat, just like Shin\'s third victim. Kang fires two rounds into his chest; this puts him in a coma. Despite this, the murders still continue. The police capture the next suspect, but the murders keep occurring. In the end, it is revealed that Shin\'s mother had tried to abort him, but he survived. The psychologist Dr. Chu had used post-hypnotic suggestion on the other two killers to make them commit copycat murders. Kang then kills Chu , but Kang is triggered by a CD mailed to him. Kang kills his own mother, who was a prostitute. In the course of the movie, Shin is executed and his final words are "I killed my mother." This explains the sixth and last unidentified victim, whom he brought in a bag to the police station when he confessed. Kang is about to commit suicide when Kim shows up and kills him instead. Just before the ending credits, the letter "H" appears and expands into the word "hypnosis", and its definition.'] ['It\'s a seemingly idyllic summer in 1935, and identical twins Niles and Holland Perry play around the bucolic family farm. Holland is an amoral mischief maker, though sympathetic Niles is often caught in their shenanigans. Niles carries a Prince Albert tobacco tin with several secret trinkets, including the Perry family ring, which came down from their grandfather, and something mysteriously wrapped in wax paper. He asks Holland to "take them back," but Holland insists "I gave them to you, they\'re yours now." Their cousin Russell finds the boys in the forbidden apple cellar, and promises to snitch on them. Their mother is a recluse in her upstairs bedroom, grieving over the recent death of the boys\' father in the apple cellar. Grandmother Ada, a Russian emigrant, dotes on Niles, and has taught him a psychic ability to project himself outside of his body, for example in a bird; this ability she calls "the great game." As the summer progresses, Holland appears to play some deadly practical jokes. A pitchfork left hidden in some straw in the floor of the hayloft takes the life of their sneering cousin Russell  before he can betray their secret hideaway in the apple cellar. A frightening magic trick for nearby spinster Mrs. Rowe causes her to have a fatal heart attack. After Russell\'s funeral, Niles\' mother finds the ring, and the severed finger that is wrapped in wax paper. That night she demands Niles to tell her how he has taken possession of father\'s ring. "Holland gave it to me," he answers. She\'s shocked, and asks him when he gave it to Niles. "In the parlor, after our birthday," he answers. Holland appears, whispering, "Give it back!" After a struggle on the handing over the ring, she falls down the stairs and is rendered partially paralyzed. Ada finds Holland\'s harmonica at Mrs. Rowe\'s house after her body is discovered. Finding Niles in church, transfixed by the image of "The Angel of a Better Day," she asks Niles about Mrs. Rowe, and he identifies Holland as the culprit. Ada drags Niles to the family graveyard and demands that Niles face the truth: Holland has been dead since their birthday in March, when he fell down the well. He was thought to have been buried with his father\'s ring, which, of course, is in Niles\' possession. At home, Ada blames herself for teaching Niles "the game," but insists that he not play it anymore. But Niles continues to talk with Holland. Holland helps Niles to remember how he got his father\'s ring: Holland insisted that he cut his finger off while he lay in his casket in the parlor. In the stairway, Ada hears Niles whispering. More tragedy strikes the family. During a storm, Rider and Torrie\'s newborn baby is kidnapped, a copycat of the recent Lindbergh tragedy.  As the adults mount a search for the baby, Niles sneaks off to the barn. Ada suspects that Niles knows more than he\'s letting on. When she discovers Niles in the barn, pleading for Holland to tell him where the baby is, she fears that Niles is beyond hope. She insists that he, Niles, has done all these things, but he refuses to believe her. The baby is found, drowned in one of Mr. Angelini\'s pickle barrels, and they apprehend the  handyman. Returning to the barn and shutting the door, Ada hears Niles in the apple cellar where the boys like to hide, whispering with Holland. She empties a can of gasoline into the apple cellar, and, clutching an oil lantern, dives into the cellar, starting a cataclysmic fire. As autumn begins, the ruins of the barn are being cleared. The camera zooms in on a padlock that has been cut open with a bolt-cutter. We find that in spite of the fire, Niles is alive and well. His mother is a catatonic invalid, Ada has died in the barn fire, and no one knows Niles\'s terrible secret.  When the film aired on CBS in the 1970s, a voice-over at the end of the film has Niles speaking to Holland: "Holland, the game\'s over. We can\'t play the game anymore. But when the sheriff comes, I\'ll ask him if we can play it in our new home." The voice-over truncates a line by the maid, Winnie, who in the theatrical cut says, "Niles, wash up now - time for lunch," whereas in the voice-over version she is cut off after merely "Niles, wash up now." The voice-over is not on the home video releases nor has it appeared on any recent television airing.'] ["Gloria  is the spoiled daughter of a Brazilian businessman who is bankrupt. Her father asks her to take Marcos , the son of her father's business partner, out for a swim in the ocean. She does so, using her father's yacht and accompanied by her boyfriend Danny  and their buddy Jeffrey . Gloria is caught kissing Marcos. Danny is jealous and throws Marcos in the water with a life preserver. To scare Marcos, he then drives the boat to a distant island. When they return to where they left him, Marcos has disappeared. Afraid of the consequences of his possible drowning, they discuss alibis and try to figure a way out of their predicament, first destroying their relationships and then themselves."] ["Elm's Way is a calm street in a small town. When Yannick falls from his bike, he knocks on the door of the Beaulieu residence, to call a cab home. Entering the house, Yannick hears a man screaming upstairs. When he finally encounters the source of the screams he realizes that Beaulieu has wounded the man and was holding him hostage. Beaulieu then locks down Yannick in fear of him calling the police. Over time he learns Beaulieu is a righteous psychopath and fanatic chess player who kills drug-dealers, pedophiles and other bad people for a better world. As Yannick has done nothing wrong, Beaulieu doesn't want to kill him and eventually agrees to let him go if he wins a game of chess against him. Beaulieu having never lost a game in his life so far. After Beaulieu's wife and daughter finally stand up to Beaulieu, they free Yannick. But Yannick has gone mad sitting locked in the room playing chess games against Beaulieu and doesn't leave, believing that the only option to stop Beaulieu is to win against him. In the final showdown the two play a chess game in the cellar, where Beaulieu has conserved all of his victims and placed them as pieces on a giant chessboard. During the game, Beaulieu's little stepdaughter enters the cellar and witnesses her dead mother placed as a piece on the chessboard. She is the shot by Beaulieu and the scene ends. In the next scene police enters the house, frees Yannick and arrests Beaulieu. Four months later Yannick is still madly obsessed with the interrupted chess game, so thoroughly consumed by the thought of the final position that he alienates himself from his girlfriend.A Place You DON'T Wanna Go -- 5150 Elm's Way5150 rue des Ormes - Film, bande annonce, critique"] ['Haunted by his own bloody horror film visions and with news of real life murders happening in Rome, splatter film director Lucio Fulci  seeks the advice of a psychiatrist.'] ["The film begins with Sophie, a popular illustrator for books, running home because she left the iron on. When she arrives home, she finds that someone had already switched it off. Eventually dismissing it as a lapse of memory, she continues her daily routine of taking care of her two daughters and working on her next painting. She soon meets Mara, her husband's new co-worker, at a party. Mara and Sophie leave the party and go to the beach, where they talk. Mara tells Sophie that she was sorry to hear that her mother had died recently. She also tells Sophie that she lost her best friend Kate, who had been working with orphans in Kosovo, after someone threw a Molotov cocktail through the window of the orphanage. Over the next few weeks items, including a dress, begin to go missing from Sophie's house. She comes to suspect that Mara is stealing her belongings after seeing her in the same dress, but has no evidence. Sophie then breaks into Mara's house to collect proof, but gets caught and is given a restraining order. Sophie's husband does not back her up in court. Sophie then thinks that her husband may be having an affair with Mara, but he is quick to shrug it off. She goes to rent a cabin, as suggested by her husband, to spend time alone and clear her mind. She also spends time with her father, and in a conversation between the two it is revealed that Sophie became pregnant at the age of eighteen and the baby had been sent to a children's home. Sophie then returns home, and her cat is nowhere to be found. Suspecting Mara had something to do with the disappearance of her cat, she goes to Mara's house. Although she finds her cat, the burglar alarm goes off and Sophie quickly escapes into the basement and becomes locked inside. Sophie begins to look around and finds various items from her house that had been missing.She realizes her suspicions were correct. Sophie finds a birth certificate and a letter from an adoption agency informing Mara that despite her request her biological mother did not wish to make contact with her. Sophie comes to believe that Mara was the baby she gave up. Meanwhile, Mara attempts to seduce Craig, Sophie's husband, but is interrupted by a phone call from his children's school. The school informs Craig that Sophie has not picked up the children and Mara offers to pick them up and take them to her house. When Mara brings the girls back to her house Sophie hears them and crawls through the air-vent trying to get their attention. However, she is discovered by Mara. Mara goes down into the basement to confront her and Sophie tells her that she knows that she is her mother. The two get into a fight and Mara sets the basement on fire, hoping to kill Sophie in the process. Mara's legs catch fire; however, Sophie saves her. They are found and taken to the hospital. There, Craig is given the contents of his wife's pockets where she had stored the birth certificate and letter from the adoption agency, and like Sophie comes to the conclusion that Mara is Sophie's daughter. When Sophie wakes up, Craig tells her he knows about Mara and they resolve to make their relationship work. Later, as Mara recovers in her bed at home, it is discovered that Sophie isn't truly her biological mother, but the mother of her best friend Kate from the orphanage, who had promised to share everything of hers. Sophie's real daughter , Kate, had died in a fire."] ['Cusack plays Mike Fletcher, a New York detective working on the streets of Buffalo, New York. He’s a policeman who doesn’t let go until he gets his man. Mike and his partner are on the hunt for a serial killer who is killing the local prostitutes. Then one day his own daughter is taken by the killer who thinks she is a ‘working’ girl. Mike has even more reason to track down and capture this killer before his daughter is killed. Forgetting all his work ethics, his only goal is to rescue his daughter and he doesn’t care what he has to do to achieve it.'] ['Fourteen-year-old Lisa Holland  lives with her mother Katherine  in Venice Beach, California. Lisa is beginning to show a keen interest in boys but is not allowed to date due to her mother’s strict rule about not dating until she is 16. It is revealed that Katherine had Lisa when she was 14 years old. Abandoned by Lisa\'s father, Katherine was forced to leave home after her parents demanded that she put Lisa up for adoption. These facts have made Katherine very wary about Lisa dating, feeling that it would further Lisa\'s desire to date and possibly have sex. Although she has a boyfriend, unbeknownst to Lisa, she keeps him at arm\'s length and around Lisa rejects the advances of flirtatious men. Despite years of hardship, however, Katherine has managed to build up her own successful florist business, which provides for the both of them very well. Aside from the issue of dating the two have a very good, almost sister-like relationship, although when they are at odds Katherine does make it clear that she is the mother. Lisa’s desire to have a boyfriend is furthered by her best friend Wendy Marks, whose less-strict mother and father have allowed her to start dating. Lisa keeps a secret scrapbook of men she encounters and would secretly like to date. In the meanwhile there is a serial killer running loose in Venice, nicknamed the Candlelight Killer, so called because he seduces and rapes his victims by candlelight before killing them. The Candlelight Killer is a suave, good-looking, and successful restaurateur named Richard , who looks more like a sexy model than a serial killer. Richard stalks good-looking women and then kills them once he finds out where they live. Uniquely, Richard calls his victims over the telephone leaving messages on their answering machines saying he\'s in their house and is going to kill them. As the women are listening to his message Richard grabs them from behind and then begins his candlelight rape and murder of them. In the opening of the film he does this to a woman named Mary , and later on to two other women named Allison and Judy. One night Lisa is coming home from the grocery store and accidentally runs into Richard, knocking her groceries onto the sidewalk. Richard is leaving the house of Allison, whom he has just killed, and helps Lisa up while flirting with her. Lisa is mesmerized by his good looks and follows him to his car once he leaves, copying down his license plate number. Through the DMV she is able to get his address and telephone number. Upset that her mother has refused to allow her to go on a double date with Wendy, Lisa begins to call up Richard on the phone and engages him in seducing conversation. Richard is intrigued by their conversations, yet is more interested in finding out who she is, mainly because he is the one now being stalked. Lisa and Wendy follow Richard finding out where he lives and works. Lisa even gets into Richard\'s car alone at one point only to have to hide in the back seat when he unexpectedly shows up. All this goes on unknown to Katherine, and with each succeeding conversation, in which Lisa reveals more about herself including her scrapbook, Richard pushes Lisa towards meeting him for a date. Still at a standoff with her mother when it comes to dating, Wendy suggests that Lisa set up Katherine with Richard, implying that maybe if her mother gets some she will ease up and let Lisa date. As Easter weekend approaches Lisa plans to go away with Wendy and her family to Big Bear, California as Katherine stays behind due to Easter being one of her busiest weekends. Katherine and Lisa decide to have a girls\' night out dinner before she leaves and Lisa makes reservations at Richard\'s restaurant. Lisa calls Richard telling him that she will be at the restaurant that night and will wear a sexy white dress, the dress that her mother is wearing. While at the restaurant Lisa and her mother get into a quiet argument over dating again, with Lisa telling her mother that "if she got laid once in a while maybe she wouldn\'t be such a bitch about [her] dating". A furious Katherine goes to the bathroom telling Lisa to pay the bill with her credit card. As she is signing for the bill Lisa sees Richard and leaves him a love note with it. As Katherine comes out of the bathroom she bumps into Richard who recognizes her sexy white dress. Richard gets the love note with the bill, which reveals Katherine\'s credit card information, which he uses to track her down. Meanwhile a furious Katherine grounds Lisa due to the fight, forbidding her to go to Big Bear with Wendy. Despite this, Lisa goes anyway, leaving Katherine in their apartment all alone. Katherine calls Lisa in Big Bear telling her that she will deal with her when she comes home. Meanwhile Richard begins to stalk the unsuspecting Katherine. He hides in her car, smoking cigarettes, which unnerves Katherine when she gets in the car and sees the cigarettes yet no one there. While in Big Bear, Lisa decides to give Richard a call. He reveals to her that he knows her name is Katherine, thinking Lisa is her mother, and that he knows where she lives. Fearing that her mother will find out about her calls to Richard, she phones Katherine and leaves a message telling her to ignore Richard if he calls, saying that he is a kid from school who is playing a joke. Richard meanwhile prepares to kill Katherine, buying candles at the local grocery store and asking the cashier for change so that he can use the pay phone. On the night Lisa is to return from Big Bear, Katherine enters the apartment and plays her answering machine. She hears Richard\'s message and discounts it as a joke, based on Lisa\'s earlier message. Thinking Lisa is home, she goes into her room only to be attacked by Richard. Meanwhile Lisa returns home and enters the apartment. She sees her bedroom door open and sees her secret scrapbook opened on the floor with a lamp shining onto it. Running into her room she is attacked by Richard who has knocked her mother unconscious. Richard brings Lisa into Katherine\'s bedroom and plans to rape and kill her; Lisa sees the candles and realizes he is the Candlelight Killer. Katherine regains consciousness, however, and stabs Richard with a butcher knife and maces him. A maimed Richard grabs the knife attempting to kill both ladies and, while trying to regain his sight from the mace, trashes their apartment. However, Katherine is able to take a baseball bat and knock Richard out a window in which he is killed as he falls to the alley below. The movie ends with Katherine and Lisa holding one another close and crying, while the knocked-over answering machine continuously plays Richard\'s macabre message over and over again.'] ['Joanna Mills , a travelling rep for a trucking company, is dedicated to her successful career but something of a loner. Since the age of 11 she has been a troubled person, with episodes of self-mutilation and menacing visions. Normally she avoids returning to her native Texas, but agrees to a trip there to secure an important client. During the trip her visions, which take the form of memories of events not from her life, increase in intensity. She sees a strange face staring back at her in the mirror. Her truck radio plays Patsy Cline\'s "Sweet Dreams" no matter what station she selects. She stops at the scene of an accident that, on the following day, seems not to have happened. Joanna cuts herself in a bar restroom and is narrowly rescued by a friend. She visits her father, who observes that from age 11 she was "a different girl". The visions continue, becoming both more specific and more threatening, centering upon a menacing man she does not recognize and a bar she has never seen, but a picture of which is in one of her catalogs. Drawn by the image to the Texas town where the bar is located, a place she has not been since childhood, Joanna meets a man named Terry Stahl, whose wife, Annie, was stalked, brutally assaulted, and left to die fifteen years before, a crime of which Terry was suspected but not convicted. Joanna continues to have visions of this crime and the events that led up to it, and to discover other links between Annie\'s life and hers. She meets the real killer and is led by what she has seen in her visions to recover the knife he used from its hiding place. She is then stalked, herself. She finds herself drawn into a repetition of the crime, but this time she stabs her assailant with the recovered knife, using the original weapon to avenge the original crime. The story ends with the revelation that Annie, clinging to life as Terry drove her to the hospital after the original assault, died when his car crashed into one driven by Joanna\'s father, in which the eleven-year-old Joanna was a passenger. After momentary unconsciousness, the young Joanna seems to have survived the crash. A silent Joanna is seen reflecting on who she is and what has happened to her. She seems to reach an inner resolution of these questions. An alternative ending included on the DVD release more straightforwardly supports the interpretation that Annie\'s soul has been placed in Joanna\'s body.'] ['James Clayton , a computer programming expert at MIT, is recruited by senior CIA instructor Walter Burke  to test for a position with the agency. After witnessing an extraordinary demonstration of Clayton\'s computer skills, Burke further tests the intelligence of Clayton with an open puzzle encoded on the sports page of a common newspaper, the solution of which gives to Clayton Burke\'s telephone number. Clayton agrees to be recruited, in part, to find information concerning his father who he suspects was a CIA operative that disappeared when Clayton was a child. After passing numerous psychometric, psychoanalytical, aptitude, and polygraph tests, Clayton is taken to The Farm, a CIA training facility. There, Burke and other instructors teach the candidates the skill sets of espionage, covert operation protocols, and intelligence gathering techniques. During a surveillance exercise, Clayton and fellow recruit Layla Moore  are kidnapped by men apparently from a foreign intelligence service. Clayton is brought to an isolated cell and tortured for several days but refuses to give up the names of his CIA instructors. When the interrogators provide evidence that his defiance is contributing to Layla\'s suffering, Clayton relents and names Burke. The rear wall of the cell then opens to reveal Burke, Layla, and the other recruits sitting in the lecture theater at The Farm, having witnessed the entire event; the kidnapping being just another training exercise. Clayton is cut from the program, but Burke arrives at his hotel the next morning to advise Clayton his dismissal was a fake and he has been appointed to be a non-official cover  operative. Burke assigns Clayton to spy on Layla, claiming the CIA has evidence she\'s a mole for a foreign intelligence service attempting to steal a top secret computer virus from the CIA\'s database. Clayton is provided a job as a low-level CIA data-entry processor and enters a romantic relationship with Layla. He eventually uncovers proof that she is removing the virus piece-by-piece using a USB flash drive. Clayton surveils Layla as she brush-passes a note to her contact and follows the man through a train station. After a brief scuffle, Clayton kills him and discovers the contact is Zack , a CIA agent who had also been a recruit at The Farm. When confronted with the evidence, Layla explains to Clayton she was officially sanctioned to test the security protocols of CIA headquarters by attempting to remove a fake virus, and Zack was a NOC agent. Clayton, by virtue of his familiarity with computer programs, is skeptical and reports his suspicions to Burke who initially congratulates Clayton on passing "the final test." Burke is caught in a lie, however, when he tries to convince Clayton his gun is loaded with blanks. Clayton fires a shot proving otherwise but flees when Burke knocks the gun from his grip. Burke then chases Clayton through an abandoned warehouse, and boasts that he organized the entire scheme to sell the virus for $3 million. Held at gunpoint, Clayton agrees to hand over the virus, only to show that he has been broadcasting Burke\'s admission from his laptop back to CIA headquarters. Burke becomes incensed and chases Clayton outside to find a SWAT team had assembled. Unbeknownst to Burke, Clayton\'s broadcast did not work and a fake broadcast was displayed. The CIA were there to arrest Clayton and had no knowledge of Burke\'s treachery. Believing to be caught, Burke rails at his unjust treatment by the CIA, allowing the agents to conclude that Burke is the traitor. Burke then realizes he incriminated himself and draws his gun; committing suicide-by-cop. Afterward, Layla consoles Clayton before he heads back to CIA headquarters for debriefing. On the drive to Langley, Virginia, Assistant Director of Operations Dennis Slayne  makes a comment alluding that Clayton\'s father was a NOC agent when he died.'] ['"The Facts in the Case of M. Valdemar" Jessica Valdemar, an attractive middle-aged woman, rides in a taxi to the downtown Pittsburgh office of Steven Pike, her elderly husband’s lawyer with some paperwork for Mr. Pike approval. Pike sees that Jessica’s the 63-year-old husband named Ernest Valdemar, who is dying from an unnamed terminal illness, is liquidating a number of his assets for cash and suspects Jessica of having undue influence on him. Jessica denies the allegations that she’s any negative influence over her husband, while Pike makes a phone call to the house to talk with Ernest Valdemar, who speaks over the phone in a weak but coherent voice explaining about his decision to let Jessica take control of his money and assets from his personal signature on the written documents that she has. Pike reluctantly agrees to let Jessica have access to the money, but warns her that if anything were to happen to Mr. Valdemar within the next three weeks before the transfer of his estate over to Jessica is finalized, she will be investigated by the authorities. Jessica returns home to Ernest Valdemar’s large suburban mansion where she meets with Dr. Robert Hoffman where its revealed that he and Jessica have been conspiring to cheat the terminally ill Mr. Valdemar out of his estate by hypnotizing him and having him do what they wish from his deathbed. Jessica doesn’t like the procedure, but Robert wants it done because he used to have a romance with Jessica and wants to run off with her after they acquire his $3 million assets. The next day, Jessica goes to a bank where she withdraws $300,000 and stores it in a safe. Robert sees this. But then, Mr. Valdemar goes into cardiac arrest and dies while under another hypnosis spell. Not wanting to reveal his death just yet, Robert and Jessica carry his body to the basement where they hide it in a freezer. But during the night, Jessica becomes frightened when she hears moaning coming from the basement, but when she tries to wake up Robert, he has put himself under a hypnotic-induced slumber to help him sleep. The next morning, Jessica and Robert wake up and also hear the same noises coming from the basement. Upon checking the body, they hear Ernest Valdemar’s voice coming from the still body claiming that his soul is alive and trapped in a dark void between the living and the dead while under hypnosis. Valdemar tells them that he sees "others" in the dark void looking at him. While Jessica goes out to make sense of this situation, she returns to find Robert talking to Mr. Valdemar’s undead corpse who tells him that the "others" are vengeful spirits trapped in a realm and want to use him to enter our world. Valdemar tells Robert to wake him up and free him from his hypnotic state. In a panic, Jessica shoots Valdemar’s corpse and wants to bury the body and skip town with the money they have. While Robert heads outside to dig a hole to bury the body, Jessica goes back into the cellar only to find Valdemar’s body rising up out of the freezer and walking towards her saying that he is under control of "the others" to use him. Jessica shoots him, but he keeps on coming. Robert enters the house when he hears the gunshots and sees Jessica and Valdemar struggling on the balcony where the undead walking cadaver shoots Jessica in the head and she falls off the balcony, dead. Robert finally tells Valdemar that he’s going to wake him and free him from his hypnosis. But after doing so by counting to five, Valdemar tells Robert that it\'s too late to wake him for without his body as a conduit, the Others cannot return to their realm. "They\'re with you now!" exclaims Valdemar, who finally falls dead. Robert then steals all the cash that Jessica had stored in the safe and flees the house. Robert goes back to his apartment in downtown Pittsburgh, where he puts himself under a hypnotic sleep. But then, the ghostly "Others" enter his apartment and kill him by shoving the hypnotic digital counter into his chest. The ghosts then form themselves into one large mass-like mist and enter Robert\'s dead body. Several days later, the police led by Detective Grogan arrive at Robert’s apartment to answer complaints about a "strange smell" and constant moaning coming from the apartment. Grogan finds the apartment ransacked and the stolen cash scattered everywhere. But just then, the horribly decomposed body of Robert, under the control of the Others, appears and attacks Grogan, telling him that there is nobody to wake him up. "The Black Cat" Rod Usher makes his entrance in a building decorated with the abject remains of dismantled corpses. A naked woman lies bound to a table, sliced in two by a huge pendulum-like blade. Rod is a professional crime scene photographer for as he puts it: "still life’s my art," a talent which ensures that he is frequently called upon the local authorities -led by Detective LeGrand- to document the horrors of the baroque crime scenes which are apparently commonplace in Pittsburgh where Rod lives. After arriving home at a semi-fancy row house, Rod works in his darkroom in the basement developing the photos when his work is interrupted by the appearance of a mysterious black cat, which has apparently been adopted by his live-in girlfriend Annabel. Rod and Annabel’s relationship is uncomfortably distant. Annabel is delicate, sensitive, and somewhat ethereal, while Rod is a rough, burly, brutish man who seem more at home with the gritty hyper-reality of crime scenes that he is with Annabel’s talk of witches and superstition. Annabel, in contrast to Rod, is a professional violinist who gives private lessons to local high school students who show up at the house after their school classes, and she even takes some of them on excursions to local opera houses to watch the arts of life. Over the next several days, a strong antipathy grows between Rod and the mysterious cat, a situation worsened by Annabel’s excessive protection of it. Driven to distraction by the cat’s apparent hatred of him, Rod eventually strangles it during a photo shoot he has set up with the cat being the center of attention. Rod then uses the photos of him strangling the cat to post on the cover of his newest photography book, titled Metropolitan Horrors, a lurid collection of his most revolting pictures. As Annabel begins to guess the truth about what has happened to her pet, the couple embarks on a series of violent arguments, one of which ends with Rod falling into an alcohol-induced sleep where he has a nightmare about participating in a Medieval Pagan festival where he is executed for the murder of the cat. One day, when Annabel finally spots his book in a shop window, with the strangled body of her much-loved cat on the front cover, she immediately goes home and makes plans to leave Rod, who at that very moment is in a local bar drinking heavily. Rod becomes unnerved when the barmaid Eleanora gives him a stray black cat, which is identical to Annabel’s own cat. Rod notices that the inky feline has an identical white marking on its chest . Rod brings the cat home and sets about to kill the feline once and for all. But Annabel intervenes and comes to the cat\'s rescue, causing a confrontation which ends in her gruesome and gory death when Rod hacks her to death with a meat cleaver. After shaking off his suspicious next door neighbor and landlord, Mr. Pym, who arrives after hearing the argument, Rod assures him that nothing is wrong. Confident that he can escape detection, Rod conceals the body behind a wall in the house and invents a story to explain Annabel’s disappearance to her music students, Betty and Christian, when they show up the next day for their violin lessons. But after a confrontation with Christian, who expresses doubt and suspicion to Rod about his story of Annabel leaving him, he confides in Mr. and Mrs. Pym about his suspicions that Rod might have killed Annabel. When Annabel’s friend in New York keeps phoning the house to ask of her whereabouts, Rod becomes increasingly trapped by his own increasing elaborate web of lies. The situation is exacerbated by yet another appearance of the black cat. But this time, Rod ensures its death by slicing it in two with a saw, and disposes of it in a garbage dump. The next day, Detective LeGrand arrives with his partner to question Rod about Annabel’s whereabouts. Despite their stern questioning, Rod is not fazed by their questions. After looking around the house, the detectives leave, but immediately come back when an eerie, distorted mewing sound is heard echoing though one of the walls. Rod is handcuffed and the fake wall of that he put up is torn down and his crime scene is finally revealed. It reveals that the ever troublesome feline had given birth in Annabel’s tomb and its offspring are now feasting on the remains of their mistress. Not to be outdone, Rod grabs the pickaxe from LeGrand\'s partner and in seconds kills both policemen. But handcuffed and in a panic, Rod tries to make his escape when his neighbors show up after nearing the commotion, pounding on the front door. Rod attempts to flee from his house by climbing out a second floor window by using a rope to tie around a tree in his backyard. But his plan fails when he gets tangled in the rope and slips, the rope tightening around his neck and killing him. The black cat makes a final appearance and stares at the fate Rod had coming for him.'] ['Many years before the events in The Exorcist, the young Father Lankester Merrin  travels to East Africa. Merrin has taken a sabbatical from the Church and devoted himself to history and archaeology as he struggles with his shattered faith. He is haunted especially by an incident in a small village in occupied Holland during World War II, where he served as parish priest. Near the end of the war, a sadistic Nazi SS commander, in retaliation for the murder of a German trooper, forces Merrin to participate in arbitrary executions in order to save a full village from slaughter. He meets up with a team of archaeologists, who are seeking to unearth a church that they believe has been buried for centuries. At first, Merrin resists the idea that supernatural forces are in play, but eventually helps them, and the ensuing events result in an encounter with Pazuzu, the same demon referenced in The Exorcist.'] ['A teenager living in the idyllic town of Santa Rosa, California, Charlotte "Charlie" Newton , complains that nothing seems to be happening in her life. Then, she receives wonderful news: her uncle , Charlie Oakley , her mother\'s younger brother, is arriving for a visit. Two men show up pretending to be working on a national survey of the average American family. One of them speaks to Charlie privately, identifying himself as Detective Jack Graham . He explains that her uncle is one of two men suspected of being a serial killer known as the "Merry Widow Murderer" who seduces, steals from, and murders wealthy widows. At first, young Charlie refuses to even consider that her uncle could be a murderer, but she notices him acting strangely on several occasions. She confirms her suspicions when she sees that the initials engraved inside the emerald ring Uncle Charlie gave her match those of one of the recent victims. Her suspicions grow during a family dinner in which Uncle Charlie reveals his hatred of rich widows, comparing them to fat animals deserving to be slaughtered. One night, Uncle Charlie confronts his niece, admitting that he is the man the police are after. He begs her for help; she reluctantly agrees not to say anything, as long as he leaves soon, to avoid a horrible scandal in the town that would destroy her family, especially her mother, who idolizes her younger brother. News breaks that the other suspect was killed fleeing from the police in Portland, Maine, and is assumed to have been the murderer. Detective Graham leaves after telling young Charlie that he loves her and would like to marry her someday. Uncle Charlie is delighted he is off the hook, until he remembers that young Charlie knows all his secrets. Soon, the young woman has a couple of near-fatal "accidents"—falling down some steep stairs, and being trapped in a closed garage with a car spewing exhaust fumes. Under pressure from his niece, Uncle Charlie announces he is leaving by train for San Francisco, accompanied by a rich local widow. He contrives for young Charlie to stay on board the departing train, planning to kill her by pushing her out once the train gets up to speed. Instead, in the ensuing struggle between them, he is pushed into the path of an oncoming train. At his funeral Uncle Charlie is highly honored by the townspeople of Santa Rosa, who know nothing of his crimes. Jack returns to comfort Charlie, and she tells him she had withheld from him information about her uncle which would have confirmed him as the murderer. Jack and young Charlie resolve to keep Uncle Charlie\'s crimes secret.'] ['A montage of documentary footage depicts the effect of war on children. This mondo imagery cuts to the story of an English couple, Tom and Evelyn, who are taking one last vacation as a free-spirited couple before Evelyn gives birth. They arrive on an island where they encounter grim-faced, silent children who seem to be the island\'s entire population. Throughout their stay, they witness the children behaving strangely. They later learn the children are capable of violence and have murdered just about every adult on the island; they are now forced to consider killing the children in self-defense. It is implied that the long list of atrocities and horrors brought upon children by the fighting and apathy of adults has caused the children of the island to take matters into their own hands. Also, it is shown that normal children are changed like the rest on the island merely by making eye contact with them. Tom reluctantly shoots one boy with a gun when they are cornered into a room. Trapped in the room, Evelyn is killed when her unborn child joins the children of the island, and attacks her from inside. By the next morning, a weary Tom is completely alone. Tom eventually shoots an MP-40 at a group of children as he tries to escape the island, but the children follow him to the dock and attack en masse as he tries to cut a boat loose. As he tries to fight off the children, a Spanish military/police patrol boat arrives. The crew thinks that Tom is killing the children in cold blood, and one officer draws his weapon on him, ordering him to stay still. When he doesn\'t, the officer shoots him dead. The patrol boat docks, and the officers begin tending to the injured children, with the officer who shot Tom wondering aloud, "what kind of man...?" When asked where their parents are, the children point towards the town, and the three officers begin to leave, leaving their boat and their weapons unsecured. One officer is stopped by a child calling out "Goodbye!" He turns to see the children have boarded the patrol boat and are unloading its small-arms inventory. One of the boys kills the three officers with a rifle. The movie ends with a small group of children preparing to head to mainland Spain on a motorboat, taking care to go with low numbers to avoid suspicion. When one girl asks, "Do you think the other children will start playing the way we do?" the boy in charge grins and says, "Oh, yes...there are lots of children in the world. Lots of them."'] ['Fred Madison , a Los Angeles saxophonist, receives a message from an unknown man on the intercom of the front door of his house saying, "Dick Laurent is dead." When he looks out his window the streets outside his house are empty and faint police sirens are heard in the distance. Fred then plays his saxophone at a nightclub that night, but his wife Renee  does not join him. Fred calls his house during a break, but she does not answer. Arriving home later, Fred sees Renee asleep in bed and when he later asks her where she was; she tells him that she never left the house all evening. One night, after the two have sex, Fred sees Renee\'s face as that of a pale old man. The next morning, there is a mysterious package that arrives on the front doorstep containing a videotape of their home. As the days pass, more tapes arrive, showing the interior of their house and even shots of them in bed sleeping. Fred and Renee call the police, but the two detectives Al and Ed  say that there\'s nothing they can do about it but agree to keep in touch. That evening, Fred and Renee go out to a party held by Andy , a band manager friend of Renee. There, Fred meets a Mystery Man ([[Robert Blake , wearing all black clothing who looks like the face Fred had seen on Renee some nights before, and he tells Fred that he is at his house right now. Fred phones his house and the voice of the Mystery Man answers while he\'s standing right in front of Fred. Fred walks away and asks Andy who the Mystery Man is and is told that he is a friend of Dick Laurent. Back home the next morning, another tape arrives and Fred watches it alone. To his horror it contains images of him killing Renee. He is then arrested for her murder. Tried, found guilty and sentenced to death, Fred is locked away on death row. Shortly after arriving, Fred is plagued by frequent headaches and is perplexed by strange visions of the Mystery Man, a burning cabin in the desert and a strange man driving down a dark highway. One morning, during a routine check of the cells, the prison guards are shocked to find that the man in Fred\'s cell is not Fred. The man is discovered to be Pete Dayton  a young auto mechanic. Since Pete has committed no crime, he is released into the care of his parents Bill and Candace , a former motorcycle gang couple, and taken home to their house in Van Nuys; at the same time, Pete is being followed by two detectives named Hank and Lou  to find out why and how Pete ended up in Fred Madison\'s cell. Pete goes out that evening with his friends and his girlfriend Sheila . The next day, Pete returns to work at the garage, where he is welcomed back by the owner Arnie  and veteran mechanic Phil . Pete is called on by Mr. Eddy , a charming but hot-tempered gangster, to fix his Mercedes 6.9. Mr. Eddy takes Pete for a drive where Pete witnesses him wave a tailgater on, then ram into the tailgater\'s car, after which Mr. Eddy and his two cohorts attack and beat up the driver. Pete goes out that evening with Sheila, who questions him on his moody behavior; they have a brief fight, but end the night by having sex. The next day, Mr. Eddy returns with his beautiful mistress, Alice Wakefield , and his Cadillac for Pete to repair. At the end of Pete\'s shift, Alice returns to the garage and invites him out for dinner. Soon, Pete and Alice begin a secret liaison, meeting at run-down motels every night. Alice begins to fear that Mr. Eddy suspects her and Pete of seeing each other and gets Pete to agree to a plan to steal money from her friend Andy so they can leave town. After being confronted by his worried parents and receiving a threatening visit from Mr. Eddy and his associates at the garage, Pete enters Andy\'s house through a door left unlocked by Alice and, while searching the house, discovers a projector playing a porn film featuring her. Pete ambushes Andy and accidentally kills him, and he and Alice escape with the money. Arriving at a cabin in the desert, Alice reveals to Pete that Mr. Eddy is actually a porn producer named Dick Laurent and he forced her to do the films. Alice then seduces Pete and says, "You\'ll never have me." Pete suddenly transforms back into Fred Madison, who searches the desert cabin and meets the Mystery Man again with a video camera and tells Fred that Alice is actually Renee, and that if she said her name is Alice, then she is lying. Fred drives to the Lost Highway Hotel, where Mr. Eddy and Renee are having sex, and waits for Renee to exit the motel. After Renee leaves, Fred breaks into Mr. Eddy\'s room, grabs him and takes him away in his Mercedes to the desert, where Fred beats him up. The Mystery Man suddenly appears with a portable TV and shows Mr. Eddy that Fred knows he and Renee have been having an affair. The Mystery Man then shoots Mr. Eddy dead and whispers something to Fred. The Mystery Man disappears and Fred drives off in Mr. Eddy\'s Mercedes. In the final scene, Fred drives to his old house, buzzes the intercom and says "Dick Laurent is dead" &mdash; the message that he received earlier. The two detectives, Al and Ed, appear when they see Fred standing at the front door of his old house. Seeing the two detectives moving in to arrest him, Fred runs back to his car and drives off with the detectives in close pursuit. As it gets dark, Fred speeds down the highway pursued by the police.'] ['Morgan Sullivan , a recently unemployed accountant, is bored with his suburban life. Pressured by his wife to take a job with her father\'s company, he instead pursues a role in corporate espionage. Digicorp\'s Head of Security, Finster , inducts Morgan, and assigns him a new identity. As Jack Thursby, he is sent to conventions to secretly record presentations and transmit them to headquarters. Sullivan is soon haunted by recurring nightmares and neck pain. When he meets Rita Foster  from a competing corporation, his life starts to become complicated. Rita gives him pills to cure his pain and nightmares, and tells him not to transmit at the next convention. After the convention, Digicorp confirms the receipt of his transmission, though Morgan sent nothing. Sure that something strange is going on, Morgan takes the pills Rita gave him. They work. Confused by what is going on, and intrigued by Rita, he arranges to meet with her again.  Rita advises Morgan of Digicorp\'s deception, and invites him to accept the antidote — a big syringe of green liquid. Morgan hesitantly accepts. She warns him that no matter what happens at the next convention he must not react. Morgan discovers that all the convention attendees are spies like him, and all thinking themselves individual spies working for Digicorp. While they are drugged from the served drinks, plastic-clad scientists probe, inject and brainwash them. Individual headsets reinforce their new identities, preparing them to be used, and then disposed of. Morgan manages to convince Digicorp that he believes his new identity. He is then recruited by Sunway Systems, a rival of Digicorp. Sunway\'s Head of Security, Callaway , encourages Morgan to act as a double agent, feeding corrupted data to Digicorp. Morgan calls Rita, who warns him that Sunway are equally ruthless, and that he is in fact being used by Rita\'s boss, Sebastian Rooks. Morgan manages to steal the required information from Sunway Systems\' vault, escaping with Rita\'s help. Rita ultimately takes him to meet Rooks. When she temporarily leaves the room, a nervous Morgan calls Finster, and becomes even more distressed. He accidentally shoots Rita, who encourages him to ignore her and meet Rooks in the room next door. Morgan finds the room filled with objects which appear to be personal to him, including a photograph of him and Rita together. Realising that he is apparently Rooks, he turns to Rita in disbelief. Before Rita can convince him, the apartment is invaded by armed men. Rita and Morgan escape to the roof of the skyscraper as the security teams of Digicorp and Sunway meet, led by Finster and Callaway. After a short Mexican standoff, both sides realise they are after the same person, Sebastian Rooks, and rush to the roof. Morgan and Rita are on the roof in the helicopter — Rita is unable to fly it, but Sebastian can. Rita encourages Morgan to remember his past self, connecting through his love for her. He suddenly remembers, and lifts off amid gunfire from the security teams. Finster and Callaway comment as the couple seem to have escaped: :Callaway: "Did you get a look at him? Did you see Rooks\' face?" :Finster: "Just Morgan Sullivan, our pawn." Looking up, they see the helicopter hovering above and realise, too late, the true identity of Morgan Sullivan. Sebastian triggers a bomb, causing the whole roof to explode. On a boat in South Pacific Ocean, Sebastian reveals the content of the stolen disc to Rita. Marked "terminate with extreme prejudice", it is the last copy of Rita\'s identity . Sebastian throws the disc into the sea, and the film closes: "Now there\'s no copy at all."'] ['Earl Brooks  is a wealthy, successful businessman recently honored by the Portland, Oregon Chamber of Commerce as "Man of the Year." In his secret life, Brooks is a serial killer, known as the "Thumbprint Killer." Brooks has abstained from murder for the past two years by attending meetings for addicts to cope with his killing addiction. He feels the compulsion to kill rising again, however, as his id, Marshall  becomes more insistent. Brooks kills a couple while they are having sex in their apartment and, as part of his pathology, leaves each of the victims\' bloody thumbprints on a lampshade. Brooks follows his meticulous modus operandi, including fastidious preparation and cleaning up the crime scene before departing. Marshall then notices that the couple\'s curtains were open. Brooks\' daughter Jane  unexpectedly arrives home, having dropped out of college in Palo Alto, California. She visits Brooks at work and mentions that she would like to get a job with his company. The same day, “Mr. Smith”  turns up at Brooks\' work and blackmails him with photographs of Brooks  at the most recent murder. He demands that Brooks take him along on a murder; reluctantly, Brooks agrees. Mrs. Brooks  reveals that Jane dropped out of college because she is pregnant. The Brookses are then visited by detectives from Palo Alto who want to interview Jane about a hatchet murder committed in her former dorm building. Marshall and Brooks realize that Jane committed the murder and consider letting her go to jail to "save her" from becoming like them. Eventually, however, Brooks uses an alternate identity, flies to Palo Alto, and commits a similar murder to make it appear as if a serial killer is loose, thereby exonerating Jane. Brooks decides that he no longer wants to kill, but knows that he cannot stop himself. Not wanting to be caught and shame his family, Brooks concocts a plan where he will write a note to his family claiming to be terminally ill, and leave, never to return. Brooks researches the background of the police officer chasing the Thumbprint Killer, Detective Tracy Atwood , and discovers she\'s in the middle of a messy divorce from Jesse Vialo ([[Jason Lewis . Brooks decides that Vialo and his lawyer  will be Smith\'s first "victims". At the scene of the Vialo murder, Smith urinates in a fit of panic, leaving his DNA for the police to discover later. While driving away from the scene, Smith pulls a gun on Brooks, which Brooks and Marshall had predicted would happen. Brooks explains his plan to Smith, who agrees to kill Brooks. Brooks takes Smith to a cemetery he owns, and explains that they will find an open grave; Smith will shoot Brooks and then cover him with just enough dirt to mask the body. The next day, a casket will be lowered into the grave and covered, and Brooks\' body will never be discovered. Smith attempts to shoot Brooks, but Brooks reveals that, at some point prior, he had broken into Smith\'s apartment and bent the firing pin on Smith\'s pistol, rendering it inoperable on the off-chance that Brooks would change his mind. Brooks\' brush with death makes him realize he wants to see his grandchild, and he turns on his would-be murderer, slitting Smith\'s throat with a shovel. As Smith lies dying, Brooks reveals that he used many different MO\'s before becoming the Thumbprint Killer. With Smith\'s urine providing the only DNA evidence of the Thumbprint Killer at a murder scene, Brooks will remain undetected. Mr. Smith is named as the Thumbprint Killer and Brooks returns to his normal life. Knowing he is in the clear, Brooks calls Detective Atwood, whom he has come to admire, to ask her why she is a police officer. She replies that her wealthy father had wanted a boy, and she wanted to succeed in spite of him. Atwood is unable to trace the call before Brooks hangs up, but she realizes that the Thumbprint Killer is still at large. That night Brooks has a nightmare in which Jane kills him, suggesting that he fears Jane will become like him.'] ['Informant Michael  awakens to find two halves of a spike-filled mask locked around his neck. A videotape states that he has one minute to extract the key from behind his right eye with a scalpel, but he fails and is killed when the mask closes around his head. Detective Eric Matthews  is called to the scene by Detective Kerry  after a message for him is found, and she uses the mask to lead him and a SWAT team to an abandoned steel factory. They find John Kramer , the cancer-weakened Jigsaw Killer, as well as computer monitors showing eight people, including Daniel , Eric\'s son, and Amanda , the only known survivor of John\'s games. They are trapped inside a house and have two hours before a nerve agent filling the house kills them, but John assures Eric that he will find his son in a "safe, secure state" if he talks alone with John, and Eric reluctantly agrees in order to buy time for the tech team to track the signal. The eight victims - Daniel, Amanda, Gus , Obi , Jonas , Xavier , Laura , and Addison  - are told by tape recorder that antidotes have been placed around the house to save them from the gas, and that one of them is in the safe with them, the combination to which is "at the back of their minds" and can be determined by "following the rainbow". Xavier and Gus inspect the door, and Gus is killed when a gun fires through the peephole. They reach the basement, where a tape left for Obi reveals that he helped with the kidnappings, proved when Laura realizes he kidnapped her. He tries to retrieve two of the antidotes from the furnace, but he accidentally turns it on and is unable to escape before he is burned alive. After Daniel learns from Amanda that she was previously tested, Jonas leads them to an upstairs room that Xavier manages to break into, which houses another antidote behind a steel door, and a pit filled with syringes which contains the key. The test is meant for Xavier, but he instead throws Amanda into the pit; though she finds the key, Xavier fails to unlock the door in time and abandons the group out of frustration. In the factory, John infuriates Eric with idle conversation and cryptic words, eventually revealing his backstory: after learning of his cancer, John tried to commit suicide by driving off a cliff, but survived the crash despite his injuries and decided to spend the rest of his life testing others. The tech team arrives, and John reveals through provided files that the other seven victims are criminals who Eric himself had framed for various crimes, and that Daniel will be in danger if they discover his identity. At Kerry\'s suggestion, Eric destroys many of John\'s documents, though he doesn\'t appear to care. Xavier returns to the first room, where he discovers a colored number on Gus\'s neck and realizes that everyone in the house has a piece of the safe\'s combination. Now desperate to get the antidote, he kills Jonas in a fight and begins hunting the others. Laura succumbs to the nerve agent, and Amanda and Addison abandon Daniel after learning his identity, but Amanda returns immediately after finding Jonas\'s body. Addison finds a room with an antidote in a glass box, but her arms become trapped in the razor blade-lined sockets, and Xavier leaves her to die after reading her number. Amanda and Daniel return to the first room and find a tunnel that eventually leads them to the bathroom from the first film, which houses Lawrence Gordon\'s severed foot and the corpses of Adam and Zep. Daniel collapses moments before Xavier finds them. Amanda points out that Xavier cannot read his own number, and he cuts the skin from his neck to read it. He then moves to kill them but is killed first when Daniel, who feigned collapse, slashes his neck with Lawrence\'s hacksaw. Having seen Xavier chasing Daniel, Eric assaults John and forces him to lead the way to the house at gunpoint. The area they were sitting in is revealed to be a lift, which they use to leave the factory. The SWAT team simultaneously infiltrate a similar house using the video feed\'s signal, finding only VCRs playing previously-recorded images, revealing that the gas house tests took place before they found John. The factory\'s timer expires and opens a large safe which contains Daniel bound and wearing an oxygen mask, which matches John\'s cryptic clue. Unaware of any of this, Eric leaves John outside and locates the bathroom, where he is attacked by a pig-masked figure. He awakens to find himself shackled at the ankle to the pipes, and a tape recorder left by Amanda reveals that she is John\'s protégé. She appears in the doorway and seals the door to the bathroom, leaving Eric to die. Outside, John hears his screams and slowly forms a smile.'] ['Frank Wyatt  leaves his wife and baby daughter at home for a night out with his friends to see a professional boxing match in Chicago. Frank is joined by Mike Peterson  and Ray Cochran , who shows up in a lavish RV he is "testing out" for his "business". When another friend of the guys cancels Frank invites his brother John , and they all head to the city for the boxing match. Stuck in a traffic jam en-route, John gets into a fight with another driver. Frustrated by the delay, Ray , decides to save time by getting off the crowded expressway and searching for a shortcut through a poor residential neighborhood. The four friends are alarmed when they hit something. John, Mike, and Frank get out to investigate, and find a man named Teddy  lying in the street hurt, and they take him into the RV. Ray gathers up all the liquor and empty beer bottles and tosses them to erase any evidence that the guys had been drinking. Upon examining Teddy for injuries they find that he has been shot, and that he has a paper bag filled with money. Mike hears a police car, which the group sees drive through the intersection ahead a few seconds later. Frank jumps into the driver\'s seat and begins pursuing the squad car. They are unable to catch up to the police, and their RV is suddenly side-swiped by a Cadillac. The impact forces them into a narrow alleyway, leaving the RV damaged, stuck between two brick walls and unable to start. Moments after the crash three unknown men shatter the back window and drag Teddy out of the RV. The leader of the gang, Fallon , arrives in the Cadillac that struck them. Still inside the RV the four friends watch the gang talking about their suspicions that Teddy had stolen money from Fallon. Fallon shoots and kills Teddy and reminds the rest of the gang that they have a policy to leave no witnesses. As the group of criminals approaches the RV, Mike breaks the windshield as Frank sets the RV on fire, and all four escape through the front window and run. The film continues with the four friends hiding and trying to outrun the gang until they think they have gotten away. They head to a railyard and hide aboard an empty train. Fallon and his gang search the yard and trains for the guys. While hiding inside the car of an old train Frank and his friends are frightened by some homeless people who were aboard the train. One of the homeless men blackmails them by threatening to alert their pursuers to their location unless they pay them for their silence. Ray gives up his watch, Frank gives up his wallet, while John gives up his pocket change and Mike gives up his gold chain necklace. A mentally retarded member of the homeless men aboard the train, named Buck, shows interest in Mike\'s Purdue jacket, by repeating that he is a college graduate. When Mike refuses to give up his jacket the homeless man becomes angry and gets loud. Fallon and his gang are leaving the railyard when they hear the shouting coming from the railcar. As they open the car everyone aboard jumps off and starts running. Fallon shoots a guy wearing the Purdue jacket and it turned out to be Buck, the homeless guy who was wearing Mike\'s jacket. The homeless guy was also in possession of Frank\'s wallet. Fallon recovers the wallet and now knows who Frank is, his family, and where he lives. Frank and the guys continue to outrun Fallon and his gang until they eventually find an apartment building with an open door, and Frank and the guys all run inside. A kid on a swing outside sees them and tells his friends, who are then approached by Fallon and his gang, and Fallon pays one of them to find out from the kid which building Frank and his friends ran into. While inside the building, Frank and his friends begin knocking on the doors of the tenants trying to find help. They then hold up in the apartment of two women, mothers Clarissa and Rita, and call the police minutes before the gang catch up with them. Determined to get Frank and his friends, Fallon and his gang terrorize the building\'s tenants. Hearing them terrorize the tenants the enraged women demand that Frank and his friends leave. One of the women, Rita, suggests that they head to the roof of the building to escape Fallon. They flee to the rooftop and Mike, John, and Frank manage to cross over to the neighboring building\'s roof with the use of a ladder bridge. Because of Ray\'s fear of heights, he decides to knock the ladder off and stay behind to try negotiating with Fallon, convinced that Fallon will spare their lives if he buys him off. However, Fallon pushes Ray off the roof and he falls to his death. Escaping into the sewers, Mike suggests that they fight back against their pursuers and Frank and John agree. Sykes , Fallon\'s best friend and right-hand man, catches up with them, and after a brief confrontation has his weapon wrestled away and he is shot and killed by Mike. Frank chooses not to risk their lives anymore, so they escape from the sewer and decide to keep running. Within the sewer, the remaining members of Fallon\'s gang find the body of Sykes. A comment made by one of the gang members annoys Fallon and he drowns him. While hiding once more in an abandoned building, the three remaining friends see a bus and try to flag the driver down. The driver sees them but, thinking they are trouble, decides to drive off leaving them behind. Searching for help, the guys find a swap meet and Mike breaks a window in the hopes it will trigger the alarm and bring the police. Shortly afterwards, they realize that Fallon has found them once more. The last remaining member of Fallon\'s gang, Rhodes ([[Everlast  is shot dead by Mike, but in the process Mike is shot in the stomach. John goes to help Mike but Fallon shoots him in the leg. Frank leads the wounded Mike and John to a bathroom closet where they hide. Frank gets to the security office and activates a silent alarm. Knowing that the three can run no longer, Frank draws out Fallon, leading him away from the wounded Mike and John. After a struggle between the two, Frank pushes Fallon off the stairs, causing him to fall to his death. Afterwards the police arrive, and Frank takes them to where his friends are. The movie ends with Mike and John being wheeled away by the medics, the police investigating the scene, and Frank\'s wallet being recovered by an officer, who then informs Frank that his wife is outside.'] ['Julie Styron  is a middle-aged businesswoman flying out of town to attend an important meeting. When her CEO contacts her and asks her to meet him for dinner afterward, she worries that her job may be in danger and engages the help of a headhunter named Nick Harris  to look for a new position. Her mood worsens when her new assistant Paula Murphy  is 45 minutes late to the meeting, which as a result goes badly. After its end, Julie fires Paula and they part ways. Later that evening Julie is unexpectedly promoted to CEO of the company. After both their flights home are delayed, Julie and Paula meet up by chance in a hotel bar. Julie apologizes for losing her temper earlier and buys Paula a drink. As they talk, Julie, who gave up having a family for her career, begins to question whether she made the right choice. The two of them visit the gym and the pool before returning to the bar. Nick joins them, explaining that his flight was also canceled. Paula rushes off to the bathroom and is followed by Julie, who wants to know what was wrong. Later, Paula informs her that Nick raped a friend of hers in Boston. Julie is shocked but eventually convinced, and suggests they get revenge. Paula tells her to just forget about it. The two retire to Julie\'s room, and when Nick knocks on the door later on, Paula invites him in and then drugs him. In order to keep him from realizing what they\'ve done, the two women take him down into a restricted area of the hotel which is being renovated. Julie runs upstairs to get Nick\'s briefcase, and returns to find Paula stripping him. Paula explains that this way when he wakes up he will hesitate to ask anyone what happened. Paula photographs them all with her Polaroid camera. Paula finds a magic marker and they write words on Nick\'s chest and back like "pig" and "rapist." They are nearly discovered by a security guard, but he leaves without seeing them. Paula eventually confesses to Julie that it was she who was raped, not her friend &mdash; which Julie had already guessed. They return to Julie\'s room and sleep. The next morning, Julie finds the word "loser" written in marker on her own stomach, and a few Polaroids on the bed of Paula sitting next to her own sleeping form. At the airport she meets up with Nick again. He reveals that he had never been to Boston, proving Paula\'s rape story to be an elaborate lie.'] ["The murder of a prostitute in Nazi-occupied Warsaw in 1942 draws Abwehr Major Grau  into an investigation where the evidence points to the killer being one of three German general officers: General von Seydlitz-Gabler ([[Charles Gray , General Kahlenberg , his chief of staff, and General Tanz . Grau's investigation is cut short by his summary transfer to Paris at the instigation of these officers. After the war, the murder of a third prostitute in Hamburg in 1965 draws the attention of Interpol Inspector Morand . Morand owes a debt of gratitude to Grau for not revealing his connection to the French Resistance during the war. Almost certain there is a connection, Morand reopens the cold case and the movie shifts between the Europe of the 1960s and the Europe of the 1940s. The case in Warsaw remains closed until all three officers meet in Paris in July 1944. Paris is a hotbed of intrigue, with senior Wehrmacht officers plotting to assassinate Adolf Hitler. Kahlenberg is deeply involved in the plot, while von Seydlitz-Gabler, who is aware of its existence, is sitting on the fence, awaiting the outcome. Tanz, who is unaware of the plot, remains loyal to the Führer. On the night of July 19, 1944, Tanz orders his driver, Kurt Hartmann , to procure a prostitute; Tanz butchers her so as to implicate Hartmann, but offers Hartmann the chance to desert, which he accepts. When Grau, who is now a Lieutenant Colonel, learns of the murder, committed in the same manner as the first, he resumes his investigation and concludes that Tanz is the killer. However, his timing is unfortunate. On July 20, 1944, the assassination attempt takes place. When Grau accuses Tanz face to face, the general kills Grau and labels him as one of the plot conspirators to cover his tracks. Years later, Morand begins to tie up the loose ends: he finds no criminal activity from Kahlenberg or Seydlitz-Gabler, but learns of one man who knew which man is the real killer. Morand confronts Tanz at a reunion dinner for Tanz's former panzer division. When Morand produces Hartmann as his witness, Tanz goes into a vacant room and shoots himself."] ['Margaret Ford  is a psychiatrist. She has published a book, Driven: Compulsion and Obsession in Everyday Life, which has made her financially well off. One day, she\'s in a session with Billy, a compulsive gambler who informs her that his life is in danger. He owes $25,000 to a criminal figure&nbsp;— money he doesn\'t have&nbsp;— and if he doesn\'t pay, he will be killed. Margaret visits a pool hall and bar called the House of Games and confronts the man Billy owes, Mike . After a brief conversation, Margaret sizes Mike up as a tough talker, but not a violent gangster. Mike reveals that Billy\'s debt is only eight hundred dollars and agrees to forgive the debt if Margaret accompanies him to a high-stakes poker game as his girlfriend, using her to help spot the tell of another gambler . Exhilarated at the chance to take part, Margaret even volunteers $6,000 of her own money to back up Mike\'s bet because she’s spotted the tell that Mike’s opponent is bluffing. Things go wrong. Not only does the player have a winning hand, he also brandishes a gun, demanding the $6,000 she promised as collateral. It is only when Margaret sees a drop of water fall from the pistol barrel that she realizes the whole setup is a con&nbsp;– designed strictly to take her money. Mike and his men see that the jig is up, and nonchalantly pack up the con. Mike apologizes, saying it was “only business ... nothing personal.” Back in her normal routine, Margaret continues to think about her night at the House of Games. She returns, proposing to Mike that she follow him around, learn the ins and outs of his world, perhaps write a book on the experience. Mike is skeptical but agrees. He shows her first-hand how a con game works. Her fascination grows. The pair end up going to a hotel room and making love. Mike mentions that he has a role in another con that night. Margaret begs to tag along. Mike, his associate Joey , and their mark  come upon a briefcase of money that someone seems to have accidentally left on the street before getting into a cab. The three men go to the mark\'s hotel room to keep an eye on each other and discuss what to do with the cash. Mike confides to Margaret that the $80,000 in cash is real, borrowed from the mob and due back the next day. The plan is to have the mark propose paying Mike and Joey a percentage in exchange for taking the briefcase, but then they will switch the case at the last minute. The mark does as planned, but Margaret sees and hears what no one else does: that he has a gun on his belt, and that he is planning with others over a two-way radio to arrest the trio. Margaret warns Mike and Joey that the mark is a cop and it\'s a trap, and she is desperate not to get caught herself. A scuffle develops and the cop/mark is killed when his gun discharges. Mike makes a run for it with Joey and Margaret. They steal a car and escape. But the briefcase is nowhere to be found: it\'s been left behind in the commotion. Mike blurts out that the mob will turn them all in for the cop\'s murder if they fail to return the mob\'s money. Margaret, who has now fallen for Mike and fears for his safety, as well as her own, offers to replace the $80,000. Overwhelmed by the experience, Margaret is visited by Billy, her patient, but is too distressed to have a session with him. By sheer chance, she spots Billy leaving her place and sees that his car is the very escape vehicle she was pressed into using during the hotel getaway. Margaret puts the pieces together. She spies on the con men—among whom is the "dead" cop/mark—and sees for herself that everything was a ruse to swindle her out of $80,000; making love to her, she overhears Mike say, was "a small price to pay." Margaret has a gun . She has overheard when Mike is leaving town and lies in wait for him at the airport. At first she puts on an act, pleading to travel with him with the additional $250,000 she says she has brought. Mike coaxes her into a deserted dock of the airport where they can be alone. When she misspeaks, Mike realizes that Margaret knows the score. He tells her there\'s nothing she can do about it and turns to leave. Margaret pulls out her gun and demands that Mike beg her for his life. He refuses and she shoots him to death. Later, we see that Margaret has gone on with her life, a changed woman, now able to "forgive herself," as her mentor had urged her to do. She shows no sign of guilt or remorse for murdering Mike. She steals a gold lighter out of the purse of another woman in a restaurant and relishes the acquisition.'] ['{{Plot|section|date"4" cellpadding"width:30%; float:left; border: 2px solid #aaa; font-size:90%; padding:4px; margin:0  1em; background-color: #f9f9f9;clear:{{{Align}}};" |- |align="center"|Phuchit\'s 13 tasks |- | #Kill a fly. #Swallow the fly. #Make three children cry. #Beat up a beggar and take his money. #Eat a plate of feces served to him in Chinese restaurant. #Give mobile phone to mentally unstable man at bus stop and then take another mobile phone from gang of youths on bus No. 6. #Retrieve man\'s corpse from well. #Beat ex-girlfriend Maew\'s new boyfriend with a chair. #Find old woman in hospital and escort her from the building while evading police. #String up wire clothesline across highway, which decapitates several motorcyclists. #Kill Tong or her dog . #Slaughter cow and find a key in the intestines. #Kill John Adams . |} For the third stunt, he is told he must make some children cry. This act makes Phuchit recall his childhood, in which his father crushed his toys by stomping on them; Phuchit\'s father, a farang named John Adams , had married his Thai mother . Next, Phuchit must steal coins from a beggar. For his fifth stunt, Phuchit is told to go to a fine Chinese restaurant. He is brought a covered plate that contains feces and he is told that he must eat it. This makes Phuchit recall when some bullies tried to make him eat dog feces when he was a child. The stunts grow increasingly degrading, unlawful and deadly. His sixth is to fight with a gang of school-age thugs while riding a public bus in order to get another mobile phone. He must jump down a well and drag up the corpse of a dead man. He has to beat up his ex-girlfriend Maew\'s new boyfriend with a chair. Next, he must break an elderly woman  out of a hospital. The game causes Phuchit to recall his childhood, when he was beaten by his cruel farang father, was taunted by bullies and other bad memories. Meanwhile, Phuchit\'s friend Tong is concerned about the strange behavior she witnessed earlier in the office and later in the Chinese restaurant, and putting together clues overheard at the police station, she goes to her computer at work and gets on the internet. A computer expert, she manages to hack into a website for a game called 13. However, unbeknownst to her, she is being watched, and unwittingly, she is made part of the game. A police detective, Surachai, also becomes involved, and comes close to catching Phuchit. However, Phuchit evades capture, and a higher-ranking police official orders Surachai to call off the pursuit. Eventually, Tong\'s life is put at risk. She discovers the place where the game is being run from, and confronts the game\'s mastermind, a young boy named Kie, who tells Tong he is powerless to stop the game, saying he is "just a component" in the live, underground reality game involves players and viewers that perhaps number in the thousands. Phuchit finds himself confronted by Adams, who is laying strapped to a wheelchair, wearing a straitjacket and appears to be unconscious. To win the 100 million baht, Phuchit must stab Adams with a butcher knife. Phuchit is unable to do this; Adams stabs Phuchit to death, therefore winning his game. Tong screams at Kie, and Kie leaves as his minions hold her. Tong later wakes up on a bus bench.'] ['Carol Hammond  is the daughter of a wealthy lawyer and politician named Edmund Brighton . Her husband Frank  is a lawyer working for Brighton\'s practice. They all live together in a large apartment with Joan , Frank\'s teenage daughter from a previous marriage. Carol has been visiting a psychoanalyst  because of a string of disturbing dreams shes been having featuring her decadent neighbor, Julia Durer . Julia\'s frequent, late-night parties infuriate and yet excite Carol, evoking images of wild sex-and-drug orgies. During a meeting between Edmund and Frank, they talk about their recent court cases in which Edmund asks Frank if he has been unfaithful to Carol, which Frank denies. Then a phone call is made by an anonymous woman who claims to Edmund that she has damaging information about his family. But unknown to everyone, Frank is indeed having an affair with his personal secretary Deborah whom he meets after work at her country house for some romantic tryst. Carol\'s dreams continue which become more complicated during scenes that appear to be dreams or hallucinations. Describing her latest one to her psychoanalyst, they depict a lesbian encounter between the two women, culminating in Carol grisly stabbing the seductive Julia to death. In an enigmatic coda to the dream sequence, Carol sees two kaftan-clad hippies  who have apparently witnessed the whole thing without intervening. The following day, it\'s revealed that Julia Durer has indeed been murdered. Inspector Corvin  from Scotland Yard arrives to take charge of the investigation. The room and condition of the dead body are identical to their depiction in the dream sequence. To make matters even more incriminating, there is a discarded fur coat near the body. Learning of the murder, Carol insists that she see the scene of the crime and when she enters Julia\'s apartment and sees the body, she faints. After weeding out a false and self-serving confession from a delirious regular at the Durer parties, Corvin focuses on Carol Hammond. In the meanwhile, Carol, during a shopping excursion with her step-daughter Joan, see the two hippies from her dream sequence. Following them to an abandoned theater where other hippies hang out, Joan asks them if they know Carol or have ever seen her before. Neither the hippy man or woman claim that they haven\'t. As the evidence against Carol mounts, the police surreptitiously obtain her fingerprints, which match those found on the murder weapon, and Carol is soon arrested and charged with murdering Julia. However, doubts begin to circulate with Corvin as he wonders if she is the killer when was she describing the murder to her psychoanalyst in detail before it actually took place. Could it be that someone has read her dream diary that she kept and modeled the killing on dream images she described in order to frame her for something she fantasized about? Corvin also wonders who the two hippies are that she claims to have witnessed her crime without intervening. As Carol is awaiting trial in the grounds of a maximum security sanitorium, she sees one of the hippies break in and chase her through the grounds. Carol flees into the building and in trying to hide she enters a room containing a hideous experiment: four live dogs, claimed in an upright position, whimper helplessly, their abdomens sliced open and pinned with surgical clamps exposing their glistening innards and still beating hearts. Carol faints in horror. When she comes around, there is no trace of the threatening man. The sanitorium director thinks that Carol\'s ramblings about the intruder, and the disemboweled dogs, must have been another one of her elaborate hallucinations. Meanwhile, Carol\'s father swings into overdrive with her case and manages to elaborate a suspicion that appeals to the police. Edmund Brighton discovers Frank\'s affair with Deborah and that Julia Durer had been blackmailing him for money as not to expose his extramarital affair. Brighton\'s argument is enough to get Carol released on bail, but Frank remains free and desperately tries to prove his innocence. While relaxing at Brighton\'s country estate, Carol is contacted by the hippy woman and agrees to meet with them at a secret rendezvous, at the Alexandra Palace in North London. Once there, Carol is attacked by the hippy man in the cellar and chased through the building where she gets attacked by bats in the attic and gets brutally stabbed as the hippy catches up to her on the rooftop. But Carol is rescued by the police, forcing the hippy man to flee. Another red herring emerges when Joan meets with the hippy woman concerning her stepmother\'s wellbeing and agreeing to meet. The next day, Joan is found murdered in a field with her throat cut. Inspector Corvin meets with Carol recovering at her father\'s estate to ask about the hippie couple and of the blackmail that Julia Durer may have been planning for Frank. Corvin finally tracks down and arrests the hippie couple, Hubert and Jenny, whom he takes to the scene of the crime to interrogate them about the Durer murder. Although Hubert admits to have stalked Carol and murdered Joan, they protest their innocence claiming not to remember anything about that night except for recalling "a lizard in a woman\'s skin". Then a phone call comes informing the police that Brighton has been found dead at his estate, the victim of a suicide, and leaving behind a note confessing to the murder of Julia Durer which seems to wrap up the case. A few days later, Carol is at her father\'s grave when Corvin arrives to offer his condolences to her. When Corvin asks Carol about the phone call that her father got from Julia Durer which Carol admits that she knew about, he asks how did she know that Julia Durer phoned Mr. Brighton on the day before she was murdered since he never told anybody about it. Too late to realize her slip, Corvin deduces Carol\'s guilt as she was with Julia Durer during that day the phone call was made. As it turns out, Carol Hammond really did kill Julia Durer after she threatened to go public with their lesbian relationship which they\'ve been having for several months. Carol did break into Julia\'s apartment and stabbed her to death, only to realize that two hippies saw her, which made her panic and leave the scene of the crime. Carol had felt certain that the two hippies would describe her to the police. The murderous, but sane, Carol entered the event in her dream diary immediately afterwards so by combining details of the murder with images from the recurring nightmares for which she had sought treatment, she hoped to avoid a murder sentence and get off with guilt by temporary insanity that the dream diary would provide plausible evidence in court of a split personality. But Carol did not realize that both hippies were high on LSD and unable to register the significance of what they saw that night. Carol is then led away by Inspector Corvin from her father\'s grave to a waiting police car.'] ['Julian  gets a call from his friend Terry  who explains to him that he had earlier that day received a call that his fiancée, June , has cancelled her flight. Terry had followed her and discovered that she had checked out a room in a local hotel, after which Terry rents out the room across the hall from June believing she is cheating on him. Terry explains to Julian that, earlier that evening, he had gone to Julian\'s house, and finding him not home, broke in and stole Julian\'s gun, and that he is now "about to fuck up." Worried that Terry is about to kill someone, Julian tries to reason with Terry on the phone not to do anything, but after having no success, he tells Terry to stay where he is and wait until he meets him at the hotel in about 20 minutes. During the film, it is revealed that June had canceled her flight because of Julian and that they were cheating behind Terry\'s back. Terry finds this out when he kills June and tries to call Julian, whose cell phone was still in the hotel room that June and Julian cheated in. Terry tricks Julian into helping move June, framing him for killing her while the police storm the hotel.'] ['Set in Puerto Rico, where Charles "Chick" Graham  settled down after the war to run a small business with his old Army buddy, now his brother-in-law, Buster Cox , Graham comes home one evening to find his wife, Cora , acting as if he is an insane stranger. He finds that a double has taken his place. There is a man who looks exactly like him, Albert "Bert" Rand , playing cards and drinking in his living room. Cora and Buster, and even Graham\'s dog, do not recognize him and think the double is him. Meanwhile, Graham\'s face has shown up on the front page of newspapers as a bank robber in Miami who made away with half a million dollars. As he runs from the police, he attempts to solve the mystery with the help of an old girlfriend, Mary Davis , whom he jilted to marry Cora. Mary\'s protective brother, Walt Davis , is wary, but soon joins in trying to figure out the puzzle. Graham\'s criminal double attempts to have him killed by hiring an attack dog specialist to have a Doberman go after him. The evil double has been in on this sinister plan with Cora and her brother, Buster, since before Graham married her. Intriguingly, Barry Nelson was the first actor to portray James Bond, starring in a 1954 television version of Casino Royale opposite Peter Lorre.'] ['Mark Walsh  is a photojournalist who has earned a reputation for working in some of the most unforgiving locations on Earth, so when his editor Amy  asks him to cover the fighting in Kurdistan, Mark takes the assignment and thinks little of it, though his wife Elena  is considerably more concerned. Mark and his friend and fellow photographer David  head off to the war full of confidence. Mark takes photographs of brutally injured soldiers and of a doctor who shoots them dead to spare their suffering. Later on, Mark is seen mildly injured in what he claims to be an accident in the river and he then comes home alone after being separated from David. Elena notices that he is like a different person, gaunt and unable to relax. Elena can\'t get Mark to talk about what he saw that left him so traumatized, so she invites her grandfather Joaquin , a veteran psychoanalyst with military experience, for a visit to see if he can help. Joaquin struggles to get Mark to open up. The grandfather\'s presence ignites an old conflict between him and Elena; the doctor was a supporter of Franco during the Spanish Civil War. He had helped Franco\'s soldiers recover from the guilt of the atrocities they had committed in warfare. Elena had never been able to forgive him for his actions. The second half of the film depicts Joaquin\'s patient persistence in getting Mark to face his own memories. Joaquin is particularly curious as to why Mark is more concerned with bringing bodies back to their families rather than survival or death. While Mark is drawing a picture of the area he and David were situated, Diane , David\'s pregnant wife and Elena enter the apartment and Joaquin tells him he has to come clean with what happened. A flashback reveals that Mark followed David when he decided to leave early. While walking across the mainlands, mine bombs exploded around them and David was left legless and in excruciating agony. Mark picked him up and attempted bring him back. After he tells them this story, Diane falls into labour. Unable to tell her what happened next at the hospital, he walks up to the roof and considers jumping. Joaquin and Elena follow him and he tells them that he had jumped in a river with David\'s arms wrapped around his neck and that once in the water, he could no longer breath. He released David from his grip and let him go. He tearfully admits that he felt guilty about not bringing him home. Elena embraces him and the film ends with Plato\'s quote: "Only the dead see the end of the war."'] ['The American oil company KIK Corporation is building an ice road to explore the remote northern Arctic National Wildlife Refuge seeking energy independence. Independent environmentalists work together in a drilling base headed by the tough Ed Pollack in a sort of agreement with the government, approving procedures and sending reports of the operation. When one team member is found dead and naked on the snow, the environmentalist James Hoffman suspects that sour gas  may have been leaked out as a result of runaway climate change . The sour gas might then be provoking hallucinations and insanity in the group. After a second fatal incident, he convinces Ed to travel with the team to a hospital for examination. However, weird events end up trapping the group at the base. One of the characters presently opines that Nature itself has turned against mankind. Documentation and research found in an abandoned shack in the middle of the Arctic by another team member suggest that the Earth is releasing \'The Last Winter\'. This implies that the rapacious, virus-like behavior of oil-seeking humans has resurrected the \'ghosts\' of the fossil-fuels being siphoned out of the ground. The chief catalyst here is allegedly the Spirit of the Wendigo. These ghosts and other bizarre occurrences kill off most of the remaining characters. In the penultimate scene, Hoffman must decide whether to fire a flare gun at a ghost stalking Pollack, or up into the air to summon help from a nearby town, opting for the latter. This action causes the apparition to focus on Hoffman instead of Pollack, and it grabs him and carries him off. The scene then segues into a montage of past life images which interrupt themselves long enough to reveal Pollack being attacked and presumably killed by a trio of spectral creatures. The ending scene is that of the only surviving researcher, a woman, waking up alone in a deserted hospital with no recollection of arriving there. A news anchorman is broadcasting over a television in the waiting room about natural disasters occurring nation-wide. She discovers a male employee who has committed suicide by hanging himself in one of the rooms. She proceeds outside, and the camera\'s perspective switches to a claustrophobic overhead shot that gives away very little of what she is witnessing. There are pools of water on the ground nearby. In the background she hears car alarms and the sound of the wind, as well as a fluttering noise similar to that made by the murderous "ghost" creatures further north in the Alaskan snow fields.'] ['Elliot and Beverly Mantle are identical twins and highly successful gynecologists. Elliot, the more aggressive and confident of the two, seduces women who come to the Mantle Clinic. When he tires of them, the women are passed on to the shy and passive Beverly, while the women remain unaware of the substitution. A troubled actress, Claire Niveau , comes to the clinic for her infertility. It turns out that Claire has a "trifurcated cervix", which means she probably will not be able to have children. Elliot seduces Claire and then urges Beverly to sleep with her. When Beverly becomes attached to Claire, it upsets the equilibrium between the twins. When Claire learns of the twins\' deception, she is angry but later decides to continue a relationship with Beverly exclusively. Claire leaves to work on another film. This sends Beverly into clinical depression, heavy drinking, prescription drug abuse and paranoid delusions about "mutant women" with abnormal genitalia. Beverly seeks out metal artist Anders Wolleck and commissions a set of bizarre gynecological instruments for operating on these mutant women. Beverly is then put on administrative leave by the hospital board after collapsing on a patient. Elliot locks Beverly into the clinic and tries to clean him up, taking pills himself to "synchronize". When Claire returns, Beverly leaves the clinic to be with her. When he returns to sobriety, he is concerned about his brother, and goes back to the clinic. There he finds the clinic in ruins and Elliot despondent and intoxicated. Their positions are reversed as Beverly cares for Elliot. Drugged and despairing, they celebrate their mock birthday and Elliot volunteers to be killed, "to separate the Siamese twins". Beverly disembowels Elliot on an examination couch. Beverly pulls himself together, leaves the clinic and calls Claire on a payphone. When she asks, "Who is this?", Beverly leaves the payphone, walks back into the clinic and dies in Elliot\'s dead arms.'] ['James Ballard , a film producer, and his wife, Catherine , are in an open marriage. The couple engage in various infidelities, but between them have only unenthusiastic sex. Their arousal is heightened by discussing the intimate details of their extramarital sex. While driving home from work late one night, Ballard\'s car collides head-on with another, killing its male passenger. While trapped in the fused wreckage, the driver, Dr. Helen Remington , wife of the killed passenger, exposes a breast to Ballard when she pulls off the shoulder harness of her seat belt. While recovering, Ballard meets Remington again, as well as a man named Vaughan , who takes a keen interest in the brace holding Ballard\'s shattered leg together and photographs it. While leaving the hospital, Remington and Ballard begin an affair, one primarily fueled by their shared experience of the car crash . In an attempt to make some sense of why they are so aroused by their car wreck, they go to see one of Vaughan\'s cult meetings/performance pieces, an actual recreation of the car crash that killed James Dean with authentic cars and stunt drivers. When Transport Ministry officials break up the event Ballard flees with Remington and Vaughan. Ballard becomes one of Vaughan\'s followers who fetishise car accidents, obsessively watching car safety test videos and photographing traffic accident sites. Ballard drives Vaughan\'s Lincoln convertible around the city while Vaughan picks up and uses street prostitutes, and later Ballard\'s wife. In turn, Ballard has a dalliance with one of the other group members, Gabrielle , a beautiful woman whose legs are clad in restrictive steel braces, and who has a vulva-like scar on the back of one of her thighs, which is used as a substitute for a vagina by Ballard. The film\'s sexual couplings in  cars are not restricted to heterosexual experiences. While watching videos of car crashes, Remington becomes extremely aroused and gropes the crotches of both Ballard and Gabrielle, suggesting an imminent ménage à trois. In fact, Vaughan and Ballard eventually turn towards each other and have a homosexual encounter while later, Gabrielle and Remington have a lesbian affair. Though Vaughan claims at first that he is interested in the "reshaping of the human body by modern technology," in fact his project is to live out the philosophy that the car crash is a "fertilising rather than a destructive event, mediating the sexuality of those who have died with an intensity that\'s impossible in any other form." The film\'s climax begins with Vaughan\'s death and ends with Ballard being involved in another semi-deliberate car accident, this one involving his wife. Their fetish for car crashes has, ironically enough, had a strengthening effect on the Ballards\' marriage. As he caresses her bruised body in the grass median near the accident, Ballard and his wife display much more affection for each other than they had previously, ending with Ballard lamenting, "Maybe next time" possibly implying that the logical end result of their extreme fetish is death.'] ["Rains plays Maximus , who with the help of his wife, Rene , and their secret code, performs an English music hall mind-reading act. Then, one night, he notices Christine Shawn , a beautiful woman in the audience, and his act begins to turn into reality. He is able to tell a man what is in his letter without any assistance. Maximus doesn't think much of it, but then, by chance, he and Christine run into each other on a train, and he foretells an impending crash. He pulls the emergency cord to stop the train, but nobody believes him. He, his family and Christine get off, and a few minutes later, what he saw comes to pass. Christine tells her father, who happens to own a newspaper. He publishes the story, making Maximus famous. Eventually, Maximus realizes that his power only works when Christine is around; as they spend more time together, Christine falls in love with him, and Rene becomes jealous. Meanwhile, his mother , reveals that she has seen the same thing before and believes that no good will come of it, but Maximus pays little attention, enjoying his well-paid success. Another of his well-publicized predictions comes true. A 100-to-1 long shot wins the Epsom Derby. However, when he ignores his own prophesy that his mother will die, rushing to beg him to stop using his power, he is so distraught when it happens that he decides to do as she wanted. Then, he foretells a great mining disaster. However, he is unable to convince the management to allow the workers to stay away from the mine. Hundreds are killed and more are missing and presumed dead. Looking for a scapegoat, the public blames him and he is brought to trial. The prosecution claims that Maximus himself caused the tragedies, by delaying the train and panicking the miners into making a mistake. However, he is able to correctly predict that the missing miners will be found alive and is released. Maximus decides to give up his gift and he and Rene slip away into obscurity."] ['Originally shown in two parts, this four-hour TV movie stars Michael Biehn as the outwardly "perfect" doctor husband of Madolyn Smith. But Biehn is actually a psychopath, who is carefully plotting the murder of his wife. As the horrible truth slowly dawns upon Madolyn, she must find some way to prevent her murder--and to alert disbelieving authorities of her husband\'s duplicity.'] ["FBI agent Kevin Cole goes undercover as Jimmy Vaughn, an organized crime enforcer. When he's ordered to undertake the week-long torture of accountant Archie Green, Kevin begins to question his role in government service, where often he must hurt or end another human being's life just to make a bust."] ["A prison ship on its way to a remote island prison runs aground on rocks and sinks. Mixed survivors of cons and prison guards struggle ashore, only to discover to their horror that another survivor has made it ashore before them. Murderous psychotic Leo Rook not only had a hand in the ship's sinking but has decapitated all but one of the island's lighthouse crew. Stranded, with no means of escape or way to call for help, the survivors must face a night of terror. They know Leo does not want anyone to learn he survived the shipwreck and is hell-bent on adding their severed heads to his collection."] ["The film begins with a loving family - George Farber , his wife Ann , his son Georgie  and their dog, arriving at their lake house. Their next-door neighbor, Fred  is seen with two young men, Peter  and Paul , who seem to be their friends or relatives. The two young men come over to borrow eggs. Ann is in the kitchen cooking while George and Georgie are outside by the lake, tending to their boat. They seem friendly, and they use George’s golf club. When the men depart with the eggs they soon return with them broken. After asking for more eggs which also end up broken, Ann becomes frustrated, but when George tries to force the men to leave, Peter breaks George's leg with the golf club and they take the family hostage. Ann goes to call for help on the family's cell phone, but finds it unusable, having been earlier dropped in the sink by Peter. Paul then guides Ann on a hunt to find the family's dog, which he had killed with George's golf club. When the family's other neighbors arrive for a visit, Ann passes the two men off as friends until the visitors leave. The family is forced to participate in a number of sadistic games in order to stay alive. Paul asks if the family wants to bet that they will be alive by 9:00 in the morning, though he doubts that they will be. Between playing their games, the two men keep up a constant patter. Paul frequently ridicules Peter's weight and lack of intelligence. He describes a number of contradicting stories of Peter's past, though no definitive explanation is ever presented as to the men's origins or motives. At one point, Georgie tries to escape and runs to the gate. He attempts to climb the locked gate but changes his mind and goes to the neighbors' house passing through the water. Inside the house Georgie attempts to shoot Paul with a shotgun, but the gun fails to go off. Paul returns him to the living room, along with the shotgun. After a few more games, the men play a counting-out game between the family members on the basis that whoever gets counted out will be shot, but Georgie suddenly panics and makes a run for his life, which results in Peter shooting and killing him. He and Paul then leave, Paul a little annoyed that Peter didn't follow the rules of their game to the letter. George and Ann weep for their loss, but eventually resolve to survive. Ann flees the house while George, with a broken leg, desperately tries to call for help on the malfunctioning phone. Ann struggles to find help, only to be re-captured by Peter and Paul, who return her to the house. Stabbing George, the men attempt to force Ann to choose for her husband, between a painful, prolonged death with the knife or a quick death with the shotgun. Instead, Ann seizes the shotgun on the table in front of her and kills Peter. Enraged, Paul confiscates the shotgun and starts looking for the television remote. Upon finding it, he literally rewinds all the occurrences back to before Ann grabs the shotgun, thereby breaking the fourth wall. On the 'do over', Paul snatches the shotgun away and admonishes her, saying she isn't allowed to break the rules. They then kill George and take Ann, bound and gagged, out on the family's boat early the next morning. Around eight o'clock, they nonchalantly throw her into the water to drown, thus winning their bet. They dock at the house of the neighbors that had previously visited the family, and request some eggs, thereby restarting their cycle of murder."] ['Ian Stone is an average man. He loves ice hockey but lives for his girlfriend, Jenny Walker. Late one night while driving home from a painful loss on the ice, Ian comes across a bewildering discovery; what looks like a dead body near the railroad tracks. Investigating the grisly discovery, Ian is attacked by the "corpse", forced onto the tracks and subsequently barreled over by an oncoming train. He wakes up in an office cubicle. He\'s still alive, but older and shacked up with a beautiful, but eerily mysterious woman by the name of Medea. Jenny is still there, but she\'s not his girlfriend, just a co-worker and one of a number of apparently familiar faces. Ian meets a strange old man who implies he is in danger. From this old man he learns that he is being hunted by the Harvesters; a group of mind-controlling vampire-like characters who cannot be killed and feed off human fear. He explains that everyday, at different times and different places, the clocks stop and they come after him to kill him. The only problem is that Ian won\'t stay dead. He wakes in a new life, a new place, only for the cycle to repeat itself. Suddenly one of the Harvesters attacks the old man and Ian runs. They chase Ian mercilessly, all the way back to his apartment where Medea, who is clearly one of them, is waiting. Once again, Ian is killed. He wakes to find he\'s a junkie in a rundown apartment, with Jenny living a few doors down. He implores her to remember him, desperately reaching out and searching for someone to help him make sense of what\'s going on. When the Harvesters come again Jenny and Ian have no choice but to run. As they seek refuge on a subway train heading out-of-town, Jenny confesses to her memories of Ian\'s former lives. Later on, the old man meets Ian in the train again while Jenny sleeps. It is then that the old man reveals that he is one of the Harvesters, and hints at Ian\'s involvement with them. When they disembark they are again confronted by a group of Harvesters, a seething mass of pulsating veins, pitch-black muscles and midnight flesh. We recognize some of the barely human faces from Ian\'s previous lives including Medea who reveals a shocking truth: That Ian was one of these monsters until he rebelled against the colony and managed to kill one other Harvester, and Medea used to be his "mate". Medea tries to force Ian to feed again with fear and pain and return back to the "fold", but Ian decides against this. Medea and the Harvesters attack once more, and she explains that his rebellion came after his first encounter with Jenny. So moved was he by the girl, that he wished to live a mortal life with her. Before Medea can harm Jenny, however, a final change comes over Ian with the help of Gray, the Harvester who had helped him before. Apparently Ian found a sustenance that was far superior to fear or pain, and so did the old man: Love. Making this connection to a human being changes the specific nature of a Harvester, which allowed the old man  to kill the members of their kind. Gray had beseeched Ian to protect Jenny out of experience; having lost his love to the Harvesters, he could only feed on fear once again and spent what remained of his life slowly starving himself while trying to find love another time. Imploring Ian to feed off him and tap into those emotions of affection and kinship, Gray passes while restoring Ian. In doing so, Ian regains his true power: His Harvester-self is finally born out of his human flesh, uniquely exuding goodness rather than malevolence. He now has the capacity to turn the tables on these creatures and to feed on their fear and to give life. He then goes after Jenny, who is being actively stalked by his former clan. After saving Jenny, Ian creates a new life for them, with Ian as a successful professional hockey player with Jenny at his side. While Jenny has no recollection of their harrowing adventure, Ian, having realized his abilities, will begin to take the fight to the Harvesters.'] ['The Sethna family of Panchgani consists of a retired sculptor Dinshaw  and his wife Katy . Dinshaw\'s brother Farrokh , their father Fardoonjee , and Farrokh\'s wife Tina  reside in Mumbai. It is at this time that Cyrus Mistry , the narrator of the story, shows up at the Sethnas\' doorstep in Panchgani one morning, a seeming wanderer hailing from Jamshedpur who professes his admiration for Dinshaw\'s work and asks if he can be his apprentice. Dinshaw and Katy agree, and soon the young man becomes a part of their life. Katy makes advances towards Cyrus, which he tolerates while cryptically telling the audience that he is "playing Katy". As time passes Cyrus gets to know the oddball couple better - Dinshaw is a perpetually zoned-out eccentric, though a rather affable one, while the rather promiscuous Katy, tired of slow-moving Panchgani life and her moth-eaten marriage, has embarked on an affair with her brother-in-law Farrokh in Mumbai. Katy makes Cyrus her pawn, sending him to Mumbai to visit her father-in-law Fardoonjee, who lives in an extension of Farrokh\'s flat, with orders to get a stash of money Fardoonjee supposedly has. On meeting Fardoonjee, Cyrus realizes that he is ill-treated by Farrokh. Farrokh\'s timid young wife, Tina, is unable to be herself except during the few hours Farrokh is at work. She enjoys smoking, loud music and goes to hair appointments when Farrokh is gone. One day Katy convinces Cyrus to go and murder her father in law and Tina so that she can be with Farrokh. Unknown to Cyrus, Farrokh plans to kill him after the deed to close the loose end. Cyrus arrives at a time when Tina is coincidentally out for a waxing appointment. He feeds Fardoonjee his favorite dish and kills him immediately afterwards. This is positioned to the audience as a mercy killing to release Fardoonjee from his wretched existence. Farrokh sneaks into the house but Cyrus kills him instead. When Katy calls to check on Farrokh, Cyrus picks up the phone and tells her that her plan is in tatters. And then Cyrus vanishes. The Inspector calls Katy and Dinshaw for interrogation. She constantly blames Cyrus for the murder. When the Inspector investigates, he finds no evidence of any person named Cyrus even in the market in Panchgani. So Katy and Dinshaw are arrested for the murders while poor Tina is sent home with both her and the Inspector agreeing that she was lucky to be away at that time. A few months later, Tina is in her bedroom when the door is opened surreptitiously by Cyrus. It looks like he has come to finish the last murder. Shockingly, Tina and Cyrus embrace each other. This whole murder is shown to be an elaborate plot by Tina to inherit the whole property. With Farddonjee and Farrokh dead, and Katy and Dinshaw in Jail, her plot has been successful. Tina is shown as a cold-blooded schemer who identifies such families, gets married into the family and then Cyrus murders them. Cyrus is shown to have a conscience. While Tina is showering, he sees a newspaper where Tina has marked another family for this scheme. Unwilling to participate in this any further, he runs away before Tina comes out of the shower.'] ['{{Plot}} The story is set in Southern California and a close-up of a beeper halfway through the film reveals that the action takes place in July 1993. Jack Powell  is a businessman with a wife and kids who live in San Diego. He\'s on his way home when he pulls over to the side of the road to check out a crime scene. The sheriff tells him a cut-up body has been found stuffed into the trunk of a Chrysler, and advises him not to stop and "make any new friends." Policemen slam the trunk, revealing a name has been etched across the top: "Hatchet Man." Further on down the road, Jack comes upon a hitchhiker and keeps on going. At a diner, he runs into the same man, who introduces himself as Adrian . Jack apologizes for not stopping and offers to buy Adrian lunch. Their waitress, Patsy , is dubbed "Jingle Bells" by Adrian because of the silver bracelets she wears on one wrist. Patsy talks excitedly about a briefcase full of $1.25 million in mob money that was stolen from a Las Vegas casino the previous day. Jack looks around nervously and slides his briefcase underneath the table. Adrian advises Jack that he can usually tell all he needs to know about a man within 2 minutes of meeting him, like is he a loser, is he a football star, or mr class president. Jack doesn\'t seem convinced before Adrian asks him what he\'s got in his briefcase. When Adrian gets up to make a move on Patsy in the kitchen, Jack ditches him and makes his escape. Now miles down the highway in his car, Jack listens as a radio newscaster  recounts the story of the stolen briefcase and discusses a string of murders in which all the victims have been dismembered. Jack is forced to turn back because a roadblock has been set up to cordon off a chemical spill. Jack books into a motel.In the middle of the night, Jack wakes up and walks outside his motel room to investigate another crime scene, this one located behind the diner where he and Adrian had lunch that day. He sees a severed arm with silver bracelets placed into a bag and Adrian hiding in the shadows. At this point in the film, given Jack\'s behavior in the diner and Adrian\'s pursuit of Patsy prior to her murder, we\'re led to believe that Jack stole the briefcase in Vegas and that Adrian is the Hatchet Man. Adrian joins Jack in his motel room and shoots up in the bathroom. This is the first scene in which Adrian discusses his misanthropic views: "People scream evil like a motherfucker, unless it\'s their own evil. Then, it\'s cool." When heavy drug use appears to have rendered Adrian unconscious, Jack attempts to leave him again, but despite repeated and increasingly frantic attempts his car won\'t start. Adrian stumbles out of the motel and reveals that he has removed the plugs from Jack\'s car. He tells Jack in no uncertain terms not to leave again or "I\'ll tell on you Jack I\'ll call the police". In the morning, Jack and Adrian take to the road together. At a gas station, they meet a young hippie couple named Gerald  and Dahlia  who are traveling cross-country in a Volkswagen van. Adrian wants to hang out with the hippies, but Jack insists they keep going. They stop at a service station so Jack can have a busted water hose on his car replaced. As Jack deals with the attendant, Adrian browses a pet store called the Creepy Crawly Zoo. The owner, Harliss , shows Adrian a Gila Monster, which uses its viselike bite to inject deadly poison into the bloodstream. Back in the car, with Jack behind the wheel, Adrian uses the Gila Monster to reassert his power over Jack by throwing the monster onto Jacks lap while he drives. Jack struggles to maintain his composure and appears frozen by fear and anxiety. To compound matters Adrian then slams his foot onto the accelarator and the car almost loses control at speed and eventually shudders to a grinding halt before Adrian lets the Gila monster go and warns Jack on his previous disobedience, and tells Jack that he is "one crazy motherfucker" Jack and Adrian spend the night at a campsite, where they once again run into Gerald and Dahlia. Adrian gets high with the young couple while Jack broods outside the VW. When Dahlia says she and Gerald are "family" because they have the same aura, Jack replies, "You don\'t know what a family is. How could you people do the things you do and be a family?" Adrian accuses Jack of trying to scare the hippies off. Later, Jack finds Adrian having sex with Dahlia in the back of the VW while Gerald watches. Jack gets drunk and retires. Adrian shows up later and goads him on: "Why don\'t you go to the van, Jack? You know you want to." After Jack and Adrian drive away in the morning, a shot of the VW shows blood smeared down the license plate and the name "Hatchet Man" etched across the back doors. The following night, Jack and Adrian stay at a secluded cabin that Jack inherited. For the first time we see the money that was stolen from the Vegas casino, which Jack and Adrian use to play poker. There is at this stage a degree of mutual acceptance in the air. Adrian prepares to shoot up again. When Jack lectures him about his "problem," Adrian slaps him around and accuses him of being an alcoholic and a hypocrite. Adrian reveals the full extent of his misanthropy in a long monologue about human nature, saying there\'s a hole that "rips inside everyone when they suck in their first screaming breath. It\'s why babies scream, Jack. I\'ve seen men try to fill it with women, with other men, with the good book, with money, power, and everything you can think of on the planet. And you know what finally separates the men from the boys, Jackie Boy? The wisdom, the knowledge of the ages. That hole! it can\'t be filled... Every dark place in us, every rabid fucking impulse we have, is just the nature of the beast." Adrian releases Jack from his grip and returns to his drugs whilst advising Jack to do the same with his drink. Jack reacts by beating Adrian from behind with his briefcase, taping him to a chair and injecting him with a deadly mixture of alcohol and drugs. Adrian convulses and appears to expire, and Jack buries him in a shallow grave. Sheriff Gordon  and his deputy, Little David  show up to check on Jack, and over their shoulders Jack can see Adrian rising from the grave. The policemen are called away on a domestic disturbance and leave without noticing Adrian. Jack attempts to gun him down. After he\'s unloaded his shotgun, Adrian emerges from the shadows. In the film\'s final twist, Adrian makes Jack an offer: "Tell me why you do it, and I\'ll tell you how I walked away with all that money from the Pot O\' Gold Casino." Jack answers, "People wait their whole lives for someone to come along and take away their misery. For a lucky few, I am that someone." When Adrian pleads with Jack as to why he cuts up the bodies into tiny little pieces, Jack removes a hatchet from his briefcase, and now in a far more confident baritone than he has displayed at any point in the film announces, "For the fuck of it," and as the screen fades to black we are left only with the sounds of a violent struggle and left to conclude Jack has killed Adrian once and for all. The film ends with a satirical jab at suburban complacency. Jack returns home to San Diego and kisses his wife, Carol . The paperboy greets him and he replies cheerfully, "Say, hey, Billy." As the film fades to black, a quote from the Book of Jeremiah appears on the screen: "The heart is deceitful above all things and desperately wicked. Who can know it?" This echoes an earlier statement made by Adrian, who said that human beings are essentially unknowable.'] ['A vengeful father takes talk show host Pia Postman, host of The Pia Postman Show on WYBS, and her audience hostage on live TV, when his daughter commits suicide after being humiliated on the show.{{cite news}}'] ['Florence Carala  and Julien Tavernier  are illicit lovers who plan to kill Florence\'s husband, Simon Carala , a wealthy industrialist who is also Julien\'s boss. Julien, an ex-Foreign Legion parachutist officer veteran of Indochina and Algeria, climbs up the office block on a rope, shoots Carala in his office without being seen, and arranges the room to make it look like a suicide. However, upon going to his car, Julien realizes he left the rope dangling outside the building. Leaving his expensive car unlocked and with the keys in the ignition, he goes to remove the evidence, but, after disposing of the rope, becomes trapped in the elevator as the building closes down for the weekend. Julien\'s car is stolen by a young couple, small-time crook Louis  and flower-seller Veronique . Florence, who is waiting for Julien at a cafe, sees the car go by and Veronique leaning out of the window. She assumes that Julien has run off with Veronique, and wanders the Paris streets despondently all night. Louis and Veronique spend the night in a motel, checking in under the name "Mr. and Mrs. Julien Tavernier," and make the acquaintance of Horst Bencker  and his wife Frieda , a German tourist couple. Frieda takes pictures of Louis and her husband with Julien\'s miniature camera. After the Benckers go to bed, Louis attempts to steal their luxury car. Bencker catches Louis and threatens him with a "gun" . Louis shoots and kills the couple with Julien\'s handgun. Louis and Veronique return to Paris and hide out in Veronique\'s flat. Convinced that their crime will be discovered and they will go to jail, Veronique persuades Louis to join her in a suicide pact. They take an overdose of pills and pass out. The Benckers\' bodies are discovered, along with Julien\'s car, handgun, and raincoat; Julien therefore becomes the prime suspect in their deaths, and his picture is printed in the morning newspapers. The police, seeking Julien, arrive at the office building. Julien is finally able to escape from the elevator without being seen, but, in a cafe, is quickly recognized and arrested. Meanwhile, the police discover Carala\'s body in his office, but do not suspect foul play - they believe that it was a suicide. Julien is charged with killing the Benckers, and the police refuse to believe his alibi of being stuck in an elevator. Florence believes Julien\'s story, and goes to seek out Veronique. Her suicide attempt failed; she and Louis are both alive, but drowsy. Florence confronts the young couple and accuses them of killing the Benckers. Louis still believes that there is no evidence connecting him with the crime, then remembers Julien\'s camera which contains photographs of him and Bencker. He left the camera at the motel, and drives back there in the hopes of recovering the camera before anyone can develop the pictures. Florence pursues him, determined not to let him get away. At the motel, the photographs have been developed. Because of the picture of Louis and Bencker, Louis will indeed be charged with murdering the German tourists. However, the camera also contained photographs of Julien and Florence, embracing and smiling. The police realize that Julien and Florence were lovers, and that they plotted to kill Florence\'s husband. Both of them will go on trial for Mr. Carala\'s death.'] ["The film opens with reporter Rowena Price  and researcher Miles Haley  going after a conservative senator who has been having secret sexual encounters with his male interns despite his publicly anti-gay agenda. The story is shut down, however, when the source clams up and Rowena's editor, a supporter of the senator, puts a stop to the story. The editor also insists she take a vacation and won't take no for an answer. While walking home, Rowena meets her childhood friend, Grace Clayton , who seeks her help in taking down Harrison Hill , a wealthy advertising executive. Grace gives Rowena her e-mails as proof of their extramarital affair, which Hill recently ended. A few days later Grace is found dead, leading Rowena to suspect Harrison. With Miles' help Rowena goes undercover as a temp at his company. She flirts with Hill both online and in real life  but when he catches her snooping, believing her to be a corporate spy, he fires her. At Miles's apartment, Rowena discovers a shrine to her and explicit pictures of Miles and Grace. Miles arrives home and Rowena confronts him, who defends himself by providing evidence that Hill had access to belladona for poisoning. She goes to the police, who arrest Harrison for the murder of Grace. After Hill's conviction, Miles visits Rowena. He then tells her that he knows she is the real killer and has been using this investigation to frame Hill. Rowena flashes back to a memory of her father attempting to molest her and her mother subsequently bludgeoning him to death with a fireplace poker. A younger Grace watches from her window as they bury his body. Grace has been blackmailing Rowena with this knowledge. Miles describes in detail how she had plotted the murder to end Grace's blackmail and pinned the murder on Hill. Miles asks how she intends to keep him quiet, implying she might sleep with him, since he has long lusted after her. However, Rowena stabs him to death and ransacks the kitchen. She then calls the police, claiming to have been attacked by Miles and that he might have been the real murderer. The film ends with a man looking out of a neighboring window, presumably having witnessed what really happened and hence echoing that the blackmail chain was going to keep continuing as before."] ['Newlywed American heiress Kit Preston is living with her financier husband Tony on Grosvenor Square in London. Returning home in a dense fog, she is startled by an eerie, electronic-like voice threatening to kill her within the month. The voice calls her by name and torments her as she runs to escape. Tony tries to convince her she has been the victim of a practical joker and suggests they travel to Venice for the honeymoon they never had. The next day, business matters force Tony to cancel a lunch date with Kit at the last minute. She shows him recent purchases, including a nightgown called "Midnight Lace" which interests Tony. As she returns home, a falling girder from the construction site adjacent to her building nearly hits her, but she is pushed to safety by contractor Brian Younger, who startles her when he addresses her by name. Inside she encounters Malcolm Stanley, her maid Nora\'s shiftless son, whose unctuous behavior annoys her. Just after he leaves, she receives a call from the voice in the park, repeating his intention to kill her. Neighbor Peggy Thompson urges Tony to take Kit to Scotland Yard to discuss the situation. After questioning her, Inspector Byrnes tells Tony he suspects that Kit is merely a lonely wife in need of attention. Meanwhile, Kit\'s Aunt Bea arrives. When Kit tells her of the phone calls, they both put it down to "telephone talkers". Tony must cancel the trip to Italy due to continuing problems at work. Kit receives another call, but before Tony can take the phone to hear the voice, she hysterically hangs up. That evening, Tony and Kit meet Aunt Bea and her former beau Charles Manning at a nightclub, where Aunt Bea questions Tony about Kit\'s nervousness. When Tony repeats the inspector\'s suspicions, Bea wonders if he may be right: Kit received the last call after hearing that the Italy trip was cancelled. The next day, Kit is trapped in her apartment-building elevator when the power goes out. She panics when she hears footsteps ominously approaching in the dark, and is relieved to discover that it\'s Brian, who was on her way to warn her that his crew has blown a circuit. When the electricity comes back on, Brian escorts the visibly-shaken Kit to a pub for a brandy. During their conversation he relates an experience he had in a burning tank during World War II. He tells her he has suffered "blackouts" and once lost a whole day. Kit, disturbed by his intense manner, returns home. The pub owner asks Brian if she should include last night\'s phone charges in his bill. He seems a bit startled but tells her to include them. Kit, Tony, and Aunt Bea are at the ballet when Tony\'s assistant Daniel Graham calls him away to tell him it appears £1 million has been embezzled from the firm. Daniel knows company treasurer Manning has large gambling debts and suggests he is responsible for the loss. Meanwhile, Malcolm confronts Kit at the ballet and asks for money. When she hesitates, he vaguely threatens her. As time passes, Kit becomes increasingly paranoid. Her reports of more calls and a visit from a mysterious stranger nobody else sees are met with scepticism by everybody. On the street she sees the man she claimed had come to her apartment, and soon she\'s pushed in front of an approaching bus. Kit frantically begs Peggy to lie that she heard the voice on the phone, but the plan backfires: Tony reveals that their phone has been out-of-order. Now certain that Kit is delusional, Tony and Bea take her to a physician who suggests that she may be suffering from a split personality and that they should take her to a psychiatrist. After consulting further with the doctor, Tony decides to take Kit to Venice immediately and asks Bea to help her pack while he attends a board meeting. Having dinner at the pub across the street, Brian sees a very ill-at-ease-looking man. The pub owner tells him that the man has recently been hanging around staring at the building across--the one where Kit lives. Before Tony leaves for the meeting, the phone rings and he hears the voice. He calls Inspector Byrnes and asks him to come to the apartment, then tells Kit he will pretend to leave the building and secretly return, hopefully to catch her stalker. As soon as Tony leaves, the caller phones to announce he is coming to kill Kit. Tony returns and they turn off all the lights. Inside the apartment, the voice calls to Kit, telling her he\'s there to kill her. A man with a gun is seen at the terrace doors. Tony tackles him; as they struggle throughout the apartment, the gun goes off and hits the intruder. Wondering why Scotland Yard is taking so long, Kit starts to call them but Tony stops her and confesses that he never called them--but he soon will, after she\'s been thrown from the terrace and killed "fighting off the intruder." He explains his plan to kill her and make her death appear a suicide she was driven to by mental illness; then he would collect her inheritance and repay the money he stole from his business. But the intruder has changed the plan: Tony now has to come down the stairs to kill the intruder after the intruder has killed Kit. Just then Peggy enters the apartment and Kit asks for her help. But Tony explains that Peggy has actually been helping him--with the phone calls and pushing her at the bus stop. When the gunman regains consciousness, he turns out to be Peggy\'s husband Roy, who had planned to murder Tony and Peggy after learning of their affair. As Tony and Peggy deal with Roy, Kit works her way out on the terrace into the construction site gliding across girders. Brian and a policeman see her and shine a light on her, stopping Tony from following and throwing her off. When Brian reaches her he helps her to the elevator and down to the street, where Aunt Bea waits. When Inspector Byrnes arrives, he reveals that he had tapped Kit\'s phone and knew she was in trouble when Tony pretended to call the police. Brian and Aunt Bea comfort Kit while the inspector arrests her husband and his mistress.'] ['The film begins with Detective Havenhurst driving with his partner Detective Vargas. They receive a call and drive to the scene of a murder. As they push their way through the crowd at the crime scene, they see Brad McCullum leaving with a coffee cup. Inside the house, the detectives find the body of Mrs. McCullum, who has just been stabbed with an antique sword. At the scene are the neighbors and chief witnesses, Mrs. and Miss Roberts. The detectives soon realize that they had just seen the murderer leaving the scene. The Robertses tell the detectives that Brad was disturbed, and had changed when he went to Peru recently. In a flashback we see Brad in Peru preparing for a kayak trip on a raging river. Back to the present time, the police have learned that Brad has taken two hostages in the house across the street. The police surround the house, and Brad\'s fiancée Ingrid arrives. Ingrid talks to Havenhurst about Brad\'s trip to Peru, saying that Brad\'s friends all drowned on their kayak trip, which Brad had decided at the last minute not to take part in; he later claimed that the voice of God had told him to stay behind. Several more flashbacks follow of Brad and Ingrid in Brad\'s bedroom, talking with Mrs. McCullum, looking at nearby houses, having dinner. Back in the present, Brad demands pizza for himself and the hostages, along with a car for transportation to Mexico. In another flashback, we see Brad in rehearsals for a Greek tragedy directed by Lee Meyers. As the pizza is delivered to Brad, Lee arrives at the scene of the crime. Lee talks with Havenhurst about Brad, and we flash back to Lee and Brad visiting Uncle Ted\'s ostrich farm. Brad convinces Uncle Ted to give him the antique sword which would be used in the crime. Brad uses the sword in more rehearsals for the play, in which he plays the part of a man who kills his mother, who is played by his fiancée Ingrid. Brad becomes disruptive and is eventually kicked out of the production, but still travels to Calgary with Lee and his mother to attend a performance. We see some footage of Brad at Machu Picchu, and then at a Central Asian market. A SWAT team arrives to take command of the hostage situation, and the detective talks further with Ingrid and Lee. We see a flashback to Brad and Ingrid\'s trip to Tijuana, after which they go to Bob Wilson Naval Hospital to "visit the sick in general". Brad buys several pillows at the hospital gift shop. Then Brad and Ingrid walk in Balboa Park, and Brad gives away his bag of pillows, keeping one, and leaves his basketball in a tree. Back at the crime scene, Havenhurst interviews Miss Roberts, who had witnessed the crime. In a flashback to the scene just before the murder, we see the Robertses sitting down with Brad and his mother for coffee. When Brad steps out, his mother tells Mrs. Roberts that Brad has just tried to smother her with a pillow. Brad gets his coffee cup, and then goes to his car and returns with a baseball bat and the sword. He hands the bat to Miss Roberts, saying "Kill me, kill me before it happens". She does nothing, and he draws the sword and holds it in front of his mother. Miss Roberts tells detective Haverhurst that Brad stabbed her, though we do not see the crime on camera. Ingrid and Lee talk to Brad, urging him to release the hostages and surrender. Ingrid realizes that Brad\'s hostages are his two pet flamingoes, and the SWAT team moves in and arrests Brad. As Brad is led into the car, we see shots of running ostriches. The final shot is in Balboa Park, where a young boy resembling Brad picks up the basketball.'] ['Sam Walczak , is a recent engineering graduate. At her graduation party, her father, an owner of a demolition company, gives her a gift: a job supervising the demolition of a building in the middle of nowhere. If she\'s successful, she will become his partner. Sam arrives at the Malestrazza Building , and is greeted by Mary , the caretaker. Sam tells Mary she will be staying in one of the apartments in the building. Jimmy , the caretaker\'s teenage son, takes her bags to her apartment and explains the rules of the building. She is to stay off the eighth floor because it is Malestrazza\'s and the roof because it is too dangerous. Sam asks about the building, and Mary is surprised that Sam is not aware of the building\'s history and that it\'s better that she does not know. Sam is curious, and while at the local store she looks on the Internet and finds that the Malestrazza Building was a crime scene where 16 bodies were found entombed in the walls. Since Sam knows the story about the building, Jimmy takes her to the eighth floor and tells her the story. Malestrazza\'s mistake was taking the girl seen at the beginning of the movie. The girl had a puppy, and when the police went to question the architect, the puppy darted into his apartment and led the police to a wall. They found the little girl in the wall. Jimmy is now that puppy\'s owner. The police then locate 15 additional bodies in the walls of the eighth floor. Mary  and her husband were also residents of the apartment building. Mary had to identify her husband, whose face was ripped off by the concrete while she was pregnant with Jimmy. They arrested a disgruntled factory worker for the murders. The lights go out in the abandoned eighth floor, and Sam hurts her leg. In the bathroom, Jimmy cleans her wound and then begins feeling her thigh. Sam asks what he is doing and he realizes his error and stops. Sam has nightmares about being entombed in the walls. Sam\'s boyfriend arrives and admires the building. The arrival of Sam\'s boyfriend upsets Jimmy. Sam and Jimmy have an argument and Jimmy says that after she finishes her report she\'ll leave and forget all about him. To which she replies that she would not. As Sam and her boyfriend explore the 8th floor, they secretly watch Mary at that place where her husband\'s body was found. They eventually talk to Mary, and, when she leaves the apartment, they are both locked in. Looking for a way out, they find a passage way that is not on the blueprints. They travel down the corridor and notice the walls have windows that allow a person to look into all the apartments. Sam realizes that Jimmy was watching her while she was in the bathroom and is upset. They eventually land in a different part of the building and move a false wall where they enter the garbage room and see an exit sign. Mary opens the door and asks if they are done looking through peoples\' garbage. Later that evening, Sam and her boyfriend are in her room having sex. Jimmy is on the other side of the wall listening and feeling distraught. Sam stops in the middle and is worried, aware that Jimmy might be there. Sam\'s boyfriend calms her fears and continues, while Jimmy is behind the wall in agony that Sam is with someone else. The next day they wake up and find Jimmy\'s butchered dog in their apartment. Sam\'s boyfriend thinks Jimmy killed the dog and wants to leave. As they were about to leave, Jimmy gives Sam a gift, Malestrazza\'s journal, which talks about the design of the building and his theories. The building was like the Egyptian pyramids , she also realizes that that is why the building has so much space in the middle and that there is something in the center where light can show all the way down to the basement. Jimmy tells her that he is going to go to the roof to find the light source she is talking about. When Jimmy doesn\'t return, Sam and her boyfriend go to the roof. They find the part of the building she was looking for, a hole in the roof or shaft that leads straight down to the basement. Sam realizes that Jimmy must have known about this and is about to leave when she hears Jimmy call out that he fell down the hole and is hurt and needs Sam to come down and help him. Sam is eventually lowered down the hole by her boyfriend, but at the halfway point her boyfriend is shot with some sort of weapon that looks like a pointed long steel rod. He leans over the hole, holding the rope, as he bleeds down the hole and all over Sam who gets frightened and lets go of the rope and is now hanging upside down as her dead boyfriend bleeds all over her clothes and body. Jimmy then drives Sam\'s car to mail her demolition report and then sinks her car into a lake. Sam awakens in the basement area naked but covered with blankets. She sees a man sitting with a lamp on. Sam finds her clothes and puts them on. She asks the man who he is, but he says that she already knows. She figures out that he is Malestrazza. He plays the tape for her of Jimmy asking for help. Jimmy is keeping her down there with Malestrazza until she learns to love him. Sam also learns that Malestrazza was the mastermind behind the murders and is dumbfounded that people believe that a factory worker could concoct such a scheme of entombing people. She keeps asking about her boyfriend and Malestrazza tries to tell her that he is dead by cutting his arm and saying one mark for every soul. He also tells her that if he does what Jimmy wants, Jimmy is nice, but can be very cruel and imaginative when he disobeys Jimmy\'s orders. Jimmy is back at the hole and sends down a cassette tape. Malestrazza plays the tape, and Jimmy says that he wants to see Sam and Malestrazza dance. Sam reluctantly dances, but, when Jimmy tells them to kiss, Malestrazza smiles showing Sam his blackened teeth, and she protests. Malestrazza pulls her close and forces her to kiss him. After a few seconds, Jimmy tells them to stop and threatens Malestrazza not to touch Sam again. Jimmy then sends down a basket with food, water, and a two-way radio. He tells Sam to keep the radio with her so that they can talk and be close. Later, Jimmy asks his mother \'how do you know when someone really loves you?\'. Mary says that you know when the person is willing to sacrifice everything  for the other person. He then says is that why you sacrificed your son for a dead man. Sam looks for a way to escape and realizes one wall leads to the garbage area. When Jimmy returns, she lies and says that she is hurt and needs medicine. She talks about the time when Jimmy bandaged up her knee and claims that she enjoyed that time and their time together, but that in order to show him all that she can do for him she needs to get out. Sam walks to the center of the room and tell him that this is for him and she removes her shirt. Jimmy looks down and leans back. Sam gets her medicine. She opens the capsules and starts creating a mix to try and blow out the wall to get into the garbage room. Sam\'s attempt fails, and Jimmy is upset that she tried to escape. Before Jimmy could exact his punishment, his mother, Mary, catches him. Mary realizes that Sam is in the hole with Malestrazza. Mary tells Jimmy that place was for the architect not anyone else. She realizes that Sam must stay in the hole with Malestrazza, or else they\'ll take her away and Jimmy will be an orphan. Sam is stuck in the hole with Malestrazza, who she realizes does not want to escape. This is his tomb, and he picked her to kill him. She eventually does kill him after some taunting, and he thanks her after he falls into his tomb and it begins to fill with cement. Sam is by the wall hoping that Jimmy will come through and save her. The demolition team arrives and her father asks where Sam is. Mary tells him that she left. Her father says that he thought she would want to see her first building being demolished. Mary is keeping Jimmy calm as they set up and begin to install the explosives. As the countdown begins, Jimmy starts saying "Sam," and then screams her name and runs toward the building. Sam\'s father tells them to stop the countdown. At the roof, Jimmy looks down, and her father asks what they have done. Jimmy then throws himself over, killing himself, and lands next to Sam. Sam is lifted out of the hole and put in an ambulance. Sam narrates that Malestrazza built 27 buildings, all of which are still standing. He considered the Malestrazza building his masterpiece.'] ['In a flashback, a group of girls playing "Triple Dog", a game of dares. Chapin Wright  triple-dog-dares a popular girl among them, Stacy , to jump off the Jogger Bridge. However, none of them know about the strong current in the river below and when Stacy jumps in, she is unable to reach the top and drowns. Back in the present, no one knows the truth about Stacy\'s death, with everyone thinking she committed suicide, except the girls at the camp, who were there when it happened. Eve  is having a sleepover for her 16th birthday. Nina , Sarah , Cecily , Liza , and Chapin are all invited. Things are tense between Chapin and Liza due to a fight they had. As the evening progresses, Chapin suggests the game Triple Dog. She explains the rules; everyone gets a dare and gives one, you get to pick who dares you, anyone who refuses or fails to do their dare must have their head shaved, and everything will be recorded. Also their most prize possesions they brought with them and all their money is up for grabs to the person who performs their dare the best. Though initially reluctant, the girls eventually decide to play. Sarah is up first, and picks Liza to dare her. Liza dares Sarah to streak. She reluctantly does so as the rest of the girls follow behind, recording her. Sarah returns to Eve\'s house, crying and embarrassed, having been seen by several teenage boys and people. Next up, Nina dares Liza to stay in Eve\'s brother\'s closet until midnight, wearing a cheerleading uniform. Liza is also reluctant at first, but ultimately does the dare. Chapin calls and blows nina\'s cover and liza refuses to leave biting eve\'s brother. eventually he calls her pretty and hits on her and at the party they bone. As the night goes on, other dares take place. As they all succeed, the last dare goes to Eve. Sarah dares her to go to third-base with Whisper , a boy she likes. The girls drive to the party Whisper is attending. Eve dances with him seductively and leads him downstairs into a secluded room as the girls follow. But as she unzips Whisper\'s pants, he stops her and confesses that he\'s interested in Chapin. Having suspected this, Eve storms out. Chapin tries to convince Whisper to hook up with Eve but Whisper brings up what happened to Stacy and tells Chapin it wasn\'t her fault. Chapin gets angry and leaves. Mallory Silvers , who was there when Stacy jumped, tells Eve the truth about Stacy\'s "suicide": the girls were playing Triple Dog and Stacy picked Chapin to dare her; Chapin dared her to jump off the bridge, which led to her death. Chapin flees to Jogger Bridge with everyone following, begging her to stop. She stands on top of the bridge and blows the girls a kiss--what Stacy had done before she jumped--and immediately jumps off with tears in her eyes. Everyone panics, fearing Chapin has suffered the same fate as Stacy. They look for her on the shore and Chapin eventually comes out of the water, safe. Chapin sobs, blaming herself for Stacy\'s death and insists she wouldn\'t have given her the dare if she had known about the current, but Eve calms her down, telling her that it was an accident. The girls meet up again and when Cecily mocks Chapin for her actions, Liza defends her, seeming to amend their friendship. Eve, who has been waiting for her estranged father\'s call throughout the film, calls him herself and gets yelled at for calling so late. After literally screaming out her frustrations, she abruptly decides to have her head shaved, in accordance with "the rules". After Eve gets shaved, the girls all return home. The film ends with Chapin going to Jogger Bridge the next morning, looking down at the water and leaving, finally accepting the truth.'] ["The movie opens outside a rundown suburban house. Inside, a woman is seen viciously murdered and partially dissected in the bath tub. As the killer, Keech , washes his hands, a baby starts to cry. Keech approaches the baby. Despite the savagery of his attack on the woman he is surprisingly gentle with the baby, comforting him and saying, “she can't hurt you anymore”. The movie jumps forward 11 years to April 17, 2011. Investigative reporter Lewis Hicks  is struggling with a failing marriage with his wife Gina ; a dubious relationship with short time girlfriend, District Attorney Felecia Carson  and a slumping career. When Hicks pays a surprise visit to Felecia she becomes upset when she sees he is still wearing his wedding band. She tells him she is ending the relationship due to his unwillingness to make a commitment. Later that day Keech attacks Felecia in her home, expressing anger over a case she was involved in concerning a child being abused and murders her. Lewis arrives at Felecia's home but she is already dead and partially dissected similar to the woman in the opening scene. Lewis spots the killer and chases him into an alley where they fight. Lewis is knocked down but the killer drops a book. The killer is seen checking a pocket watch then disappears. Lewis finds the book, which he discovers to be the killer's journal. Lewis takes the journal home and reads about Felecia's killing, as well as 2 more murders that the killer plans within the next 72 hours. He writes the other two names down, but the killer arrives inexplicably at his home and takes the journal back as well as the sheet of paper with the other two names. Lewis tries to explain to the police investigating Felecia's murder but the lead detective  doesn't believe him and actually suspects Lewis of the killing. Lewis discovers that he can read the names of the other two women due to the impression left by the pen on the second sheet. He tracks down the second woman: a school teacher named Vicki Ihrling . He wants to keep an eye on her and pretends to ask her for a date, but she changes her mind instead going to a local bar. At the bar she is approached by Keech. As they make small talk she tells him she is a teacher, he states he knows one of her former students, an orphan boy that was returned to a boys' home after a teacher at the school reported him for abusing a stray cat. Vicki becomes nervous when she realizes she is the teacher that made the report and excuses herself to the restroom. In the restroom she is attacked by Keech. Lewis is able to trace Vicki to the bar but again arrives too late, finding her murdered also. When Lewis tries to catch Keech, Keech disappears out a window. The police still doubt his story about the killer, Lewis' only evidence is a small piece of the killer's coat torn off during the earlier fight and a bloody fingerprint on a newspaper clipping. He sends both to a friend at a local crime lab. When he follows up she tell him the preliminary results from the DNA test on the blood only show one result. An 11-year old orphan living in a local boys' home. She also shows him that the fabric of the coat reacts to heat, a quality she has never seen before in a fabric. Believing that the killer may be a relative of the boy Lewis goes to the home and introduces himself to the director Polly  as a mentor for big brother program; asking to meet the boy. Polly seems hesitant as the boy has had behavioral problem and been returned by several foster families, but agrees to let Lewis meet him. She introduces Lewis to the orphan, James Keech . James seems to distrust all adults and especially dislikes the nuns at the home  and is at first unreceptive to Lewis but agrees to go to the zoo. At the zoo Lewis asks James what he would like to be when he grows up, James seems unsure, but says he is good with math and would like to be an inventor, maybe even making a time machine so he could go back and fix his life. Back at the home James tells Lewis he wants to show him something, promising him to secrecy. Lewis promises and James shows him his 'private zoo'; a box with several small animals, including a mouse, a frog and a dragonfly that are all dead and partially dissected similar to the murder victims. Lewis is shocked and James becomes very upset, yelling at him to leave. Polly hears the yelling and comes into the dorm where James angrily accuses Lewis of trying to molest him. Polly does not believe the accusation as James has a history of making similar claims. Lewis starts to tells Polly about the dead animals but James angrily shouts that he promised not to tell. Lewis decides not to say anything and leaves. Lewis deduces that the killer is not a relative of James but rather James himself, having traveled back from the future to 'fix his life'. As Lewis continues to try to stop the killer he tries to find the third woman from the journal. The evidence leads him back to the boys' home. While talking to Polly he sees her college degree on the wall and realizes she is the third woman on the killer's list, with Polly being a nickname. Lewis is arrested at the boy's home and taken to the police station. At the police station he tries to explain but the police still do not believe him. Keech arrives pretending to be Lewis' lawyer. During a private conference he reveals to Lewis that his theory is correct, showing Lewis the pocket watch from the alley revealing it to actually be a time machine, and that he is James from the year 2032 coming back to fix his life. James uses the time machine to transport Lewis and himself to the boys' home, where he has Polly tied up on the roof. Keech demands that Lewis get the younger James from his room, threatening to kill Polly if he doesn't. Lewis quietly enters the dorm and prepares to kill the younger James hoping to set the time-line right, but can't bring himself to kill the sleeping child. Instead, he hides James inside a restroom, and goes to the roof. Keech explains that the woman from the opening scene was his mother who was abusive so he killed her, and he has been traveling through time, killing other people in an effort to set his life right. Meanwhile James leaves the bathroom and follows Lewis to the roof. James sees his older self and asks Keech if he is his father, but Keech tells him the truth about being his future self. James gets upset that Keech plans to hurt Polly, stating she has been nice to him, but Keech tells James that Polly is about to find his “private zoo” and will send him to a mental hospital where his abuse continues. While on the roof Keech reveals two more inventions: the small tazer like device from the opening scene is revealed to actually be a cutting torch, and the knife is shown to be an advanced motorized weapon with the serrated edge cycling like a chainsaw. During the struggle Keech drops the knife which James picks up and uses to slash Keech's leg. Keech then pushes James away but accidentally knocks him off of the roof. Keech turns to kill Lewis but as James dies from the fall Keech disappears. During the closing scenes Lewis is seen driving. Using a voice over he explains that since James died at age 11 the time line was 'made right' and he never became the serial killer. Each of the killer's victims is shown to still be alive including James himself. We see Lewis driving past the rundown house from the beginning of the movie which we now know to be James's mother's house. James comes out the front door to take out the trash. The movie closes with Lewis going home to his wife and son."] ["Jane Hardy  arrives in the town of Blackford to stay in an old house left to her by a late aunt. As time passes, Jane learns secrets her aunt kept from her in life, but that were well-known by the townspeople. In life, Jane's aunt had been a devil worshipper, and upon her death, the hearse carrying her body crashed, but no sign of the driver or of the coffin were ever found. Since then, the house inherited by Jane has been haunted by evil spirits and the rural road out of Blackford has been haunted by the hearse that crashed. As these stories come to light, Jane attempts to leave Blackford to avoid being drawn in by her aunt's spirit, but finds herself pursued by the ghostly hearse and held prisoner inside Blackford by spirits."] ['A mysterious killer, known only as "The Judge," kills anyone he considers worthless. Detective Harry Grant  is assigned to track him down. With just a handful of clues, Grant constructs a faceless dummy to help his men conduct their investigation. Police finally break the case after receiving an important clue. Finally, after cornering the killer during a chase on the catwalks of a refinery, the killer is revealed to be a middle-aged man whose cruel disposition and unattractive appearance lead him to become "The Judge."'] ["Tom  and Dan  meet in a bar and then proceed to Tom's apartment together. While there, Dan realizes that he had been in that same apartment before. Five years earlier, Dan and Tom had a one night stand there. According to Tom, that encounter with Dan was his first and only homosexual experience. Some years later, Tom's wife is found to be HIV positive. Despondent after receiving this diagnosis from her doctor, Tom's wife drives through a red traffic light and is killed in an ensuing collision. Subsequent to these events, medical tests reveal that Tom is also HIV positive. Tom blames himself for passing HIV on to his wife and, in turn, he blames Dan for passing the virus on to him. Reasoning that Dan, ultimately, is to blame for his wife's death, Tom devises a plan to exact revenge. He holds Dan hostage, keeping him bound and gagged to a chair in his apartment. He draws blood from Dan in order to conduct a test to determine Dan's HIV status. If Dan's test results are positive for HIV, Tom vows to kill Dan. If the results are negative, Tom agrees to release Dan unharmed. In the end, Tom returns to the apartment and lets Dan go. As Dan is leaving, Tom asks him when he had last been tested. A few moments later, he reveals that Dan's test was, in fact, positive. He decided to let Dan go because he realized that his positive status was the result of his choices which he couldn't blame on anyone else. The screen fades with Dan standing in Tom's doorway, in shock, and Tom resigned to his fate."] ['Victoria Lucas  is a single mother with her teenage Emalee  in an apartment. Emalee is not normal, having come to life through test tube fertilization, under the assistance of Dr. Johnson. The doctor has not only made Emalee, but in secret also used the eggs of Victoria to make seven boys. When Emalee is 14 years, her mother takes her on a camping holiday in the Biesbosch. From her 14th birthday, Emalee begins to suffer from nightmares, about seven men that are identical to fertilize her.'] ['Ray and Polly Cutler  on a delayed honeymoon at Niagara Falls, find their reserved cabin occupied by George and Rose Loomis . They politely accept another, less desirable cabin, and the two couples become acquainted. George and Rose have a troubled marriage. She is younger and very attractive. He is jealous, depressed and irritable. It is implied that he may have recently been discharged from an Army mental hospital. While touring the falls the following day, Polly sees Rose passionately kissing a man, Patrick. That evening the Cutlers witness George\'s rage. Rose joins an impromptu party and George storms out and breaks a record playing a tune that he suspects has a secret meaning for Rose. What George does not know is that Rose is planning his murder. The next day she lures him into following her to the dark tourist tunnel underneath the Falls. There Patrick has planned to kill him. Patrick is to request a nearby carillon to play a special song to let Rose know that George is dead. By chance, the tune is played and Rose concludes George is murdered. In fact, George has killed Patrick, thrown his body into the falls and collected Patrick\'s shoes at the exit instead of his own. This leads the police to believe that George is the victim. The body is retrieved and the police bring Rose to identify George\'s body. When the cover is lifted from the face and she sees Patrick, she collapses and is admitted to a hospital. The motel manager moves the Cutlers to the Loomises\' cabin. George comes to kill Rose in revenge but finds Polly instead. She wakes and sees him before he runs away. She tells the police, who launch a dragnet. During the Cutlers\' second visit to the Falls, George finds Polly alone. Trying to escape, she slips and he saves her from falling into the Falls. He explains that he killed Patrick in self-defense and asks, "Let me stay dead." Polly leaves without answering. A frightened Rose leaves the hospital intending to return to the U.S. Finding George waiting for her, she tries to hide in the carillon. George catches her and strangles her beneath the bells, which remain silent. Remorsefully he says, "I loved you, Rose. You know that." The Cutlers go fishing with friends in a launch on a section of the Niagara River above the Falls. When the launch is moored to allow the party to go shopping, George steals the boat with Polly on board. The police are notified and set out in pursuit. The boat runs out of gas and drifts toward the Falls. Near the edge, George manages to place Polly on a rock before going over the Falls to his death. Polly is rescued by helicopter.'] ['On the evening of November 7, photographer Sophie Jacobs  and her attorney boyfriend Hugh  go to dinner at a Chinese restaurant. As they travel home afterward, Sophie develops a craving for "something sweet" and stops their car at a convenience store. While Hugh is in the store buying some chocolate for Sophie, an armed man  arrives and holds up the store, shooting the store clerk, his son, and Hugh dead. He runs away as Sophie arrives. Sophie sinks into a deep depression, and cannot bring herself to erase Hugh\'s voice from their apartment\'s answering machine. She consults her psychiatrist, Dr. Fayn , about persistent headaches that she has been suffering from since his death. She tells Dr. Fayn that the headaches started to occur before the incident at the convenience store, and that she had been having an affair with a co-worker, Jesse . After Hugh\'s death Sophie has dinner with her mother, Carol Jacobs , who accidentally knocks a glass over. During a college photography class that she teaches, Sophie sets up a slide projector for the students to showcase their best photographs. One slide in the slide show depicts the exterior of the convenience store on the evening of November 7. Sophie contacts Officer Roberts , the head of the investigation into the shootings at the convenience store, who is as puzzled as she is as to who is responsible for the photos. Sophie\'s headaches continue, and she begins to hear strange noises coming from within her apartment building and mysterious voices on the phone. Later, Officer Roberts discovers that the photo of the convenience store was paid for with Sophie\'s credit card. The film presents two more different versions of these events, and Sophie must figure out which is real before she loses grip on her sanity, and her life. The second version suggests that Sophie was present at the shootings and was only spared because the shooter ran out of bullets, and the third suggests both Sophie and Hugh were killed. In the words of Cox, her character "goes through three phases. First there\'s denial. Then she feels guilty and sad about the situation. Then she has to learn to accept it."Mapes, Marty. "November". Turner Classic Movies. Retrieved June 27, 2006.'] ["The story takes place in a second-rate boarding school run by the tyrannical and mean Michel Delassalle . The school, though, is owned by Delassalle's teacher wife, the frail Christina , and Delassalle flaunts his relationship with Nicole Horner , a teacher at the school. Rather than antagonism, the two women are shown to have a somewhat close relationship, primarily based on their apparent common hatred of Michel, who is physically and emotionally abusive to both. Unable to stand his mistreatment any longer, Nicole devises a plan. Though hesitant at first, Christina ultimately consents to help Nicole. Using a threatened divorce to lure Michel to Nicole's apartment building in a remote village several hundred kilometers away, Christina sedates him. The two women then drown him in a bathtub and dump his body in the school's neglected swimming pool. When his corpse floats to the surface, they think it will appear to have been an accident. Almost everything goes according to their plans until the body fails to surface, and Michel's corpse is nowhere to be found when the pool is drained. Nicole sees in the paper that the police found a corpse. Christina goes to the morgue and learns it is not Michel's body. There she meets Alfred Fichet , a retired private detective. He gets involved in the case, much to Nicole's chagrin. When Christina and Alfred come back, a boy is punished for breaking a window; the boy says Michel punished him. After hearing this Christina becomes very sick. She is unable to be photographed for the school photo; however, it seems that Michel is in it, in the back next to a window. Nicole becomes worried and leaves the school. Christina, overcome by fear, tells Alfred everything. He does not believe her, but he investigates the pool. Christina hears some noises and wanders the school. She concludes that someone is in the school and she runs back to her room. She finds Michel's corpse in the bathtub. Michel rises from the tub, and Christina has a heart attack and dies. Michel and Nicole have set up Christina from the beginning. Michel is not dead, but acting dead to scare Christina to death, knowing she is suffering from a serious heart condition. But as soon as Nicole and Michel escape Alfred is there to arrest them. As the movie ends, the same boy who had earlier broken a window breaks another. When asked how he got his slingshot back, the boy says that Christina gave it back to him. A final title screen tells the audience not to reveal the ending to others."] ["In Monte Carlo, Marc, a handsome cardsharp, escapes American gangsters who have been ordered to kill him by the boss of a New York gang because he had an affair with the boss's wife. Marc hides in a mission for the poor where Barbara, a wealthy widow, finds him and hires him as her chauffeur. At Barbara's chateau, Melinda, Barbara's niece, becomes attracted to him. Marc discovers that Barbara is hiding her lover, Vincent, in the secret rooms and passageways of the chateau. She and Vincent  plan to murder Marc so that Vincent may use his passport in escaping to South America. Marc and Barbara begin an affair but are discovered by Vincent, who then kills Barbara but is himself killed by the American gangsters, who mistake him for Marc. Marc and Melinda plan to dispose of the two bodies, but when Melinda learns that Marc is planning to leave without her, she tricks the police into believing Marc guilty and forces him to hide in the chateau's secret rooms. He is her prisoner, just as Vincent had been her aunt's."] ['The movie starts with a Hearst Metrotone newsreel from the 1930s that tells of the Iowa murder of Ellie Banner by Leonard Hill and Wesley Bruckner. As they are shown being loaded into a paddywagon following the decree of life sentences in prison, the focus shifts to their mothers, Helen Hill  and Adelle Bruckner , as they fight their way through a crowd to their car. Once in the car, the grainy footage shifts to color, and Helen reveals that someone in the crowd cut the palm of her left hand. Soon after arriving home and tending to her wound, Helen receives an anonymous phone call from a man who claims, "I\'m the one who cut you.... I wanted to see you bleed." This caller threatens to make the mothers pay for the sins of their sons. Helen and Adelle change their names, leave Iowa and head off to Hollywood, where Adelle opens a dance academy for little girls who want to be the next Shirley Temple. Soon after their arrival, Hamilton Starr , an elocution teacher offers his services to Adelle\'s school, and she takes him up on his offer, much to Helen\'s chagrin, as Helen is openly frightened of the menacing man. Soon, the threatening phone calls resume and Helen believes a strange man is watching their home from a street corner. She has hallucinations as well, especially at one point of a show where she think she sees Starr with a knife. Adelle falls in love with Lincoln Palmer , the father of one of her students, and Helen grows increasingly jealous of the budding relationship. Helen takes solace in her faith, religiously listening to a radio show hosted by evangelist Sister Alma . Helen\'s jealousy of Adelle\'s romance with Lincoln leads to a fight between the two, at which point, Adelle demands that Helen move out. Adelle then heads off for her date with Linc. As Helen readies herself to move out, a mysterious intruder enters the house, walks up the staircase, and calls out her real name. Helen reacts by pushing him down the stairs. When he lands at the bottom, his head is gashed open, blood seeping across the floor, and Helen envisions both her late husband, who was mutilated by a plow, and the dead Ellie Banner. Adelle arrives home to find the dead stranger and, fearing more publicity, decides that they must dispose of the body. As the rain pounds down, she and Helen drag the dead man into the street and dump him into an open hole adjacent to their home where crews had been doing construction. The body is discovered the next morning, and it is presumed the man fell into the hole to his death. Helen\'s guilt builds and she pays a visit to the church to see Sister Alma and atone for her sins. Sister Alma offers her forgiveness, but an irrational Helen makes a spectacle of herself and has to be dragged away by Adelle. Off-screen, Helen sees a doctor and is ordered to bed rest. Adelle goes to a miniature golf course with Linc, where he proposes to her. He drives her home to make preparations to elope that evening. Soon after arriving home, Adelle notices that Helen is not in her room and follows a trail of blood out the back door and down to the rabbit cage, where she finds Helen\'s beloved pet rabbits slaughtered. Helen steps out of the shadows and reveals that she killed them as well as also pushed her husband off a plow to his death. Adelle leads Helen back into the house and is phoning Sister Alma, when she lets it slip that she plans to wed Lincoln. Helen reacts by pulling a knife from the pocket of her robe and stabbing Adelle in the back, numerous times. Just after Adelle falls down dead, the doorbell chimes. Helen answers the door and finds a detective, who shows her a photo of the man she pushed down the staircase. When she claims not to recognize him, the detective reveals the man was Ellie Banner\'s boyfriend, who had come to California with plans to murder the ladies. A little while later, Lincoln arrives, expecting to whisk Adelle away for their elopement. From the street, he can hear someone pounding away "Goody Goody" on the piano. He enters the house calling out Adelle\'s name and follows the sounds of the piano up the staircase to the rehearsal hall. There, he finds Helen giddily playing the song and Adelle, dressed in her signature dance costume, propped up and tied to a ladder on stage. The music grows more and more frantic as Helen laughs, and the camera moves in for a final closeup.'] ['In 1945 a young couple, Ivor Hartley  and Irene  are leaving the homecoming dance. The couple take a shortcut through the woods where they begin to make out. Irene wants to stop but Ivor attempts to rape her. She manages to injure him however so he leaves. As Irene makes her way out of the shortcut, Benjamin Hartley attacks her, hitting her over the head with a rock and killing her. It is revealed that Benjamin has growing health issues, and eventually begins to murder anyone he sees using the shortcut. Ivor, and the rest of Benjamin\'s family then hide him away from the rest of the world, by shackling him to the basement by a chain around his neck. Present day - Derek  has recently moved to a new town and school and has befriended the feisty Lisa  and Mark , while taken a liking to Christy . Meanwhile, at his school, Tobey  tells a few of his classmates he got kicked out of his old school for fighting. The kids then dare Tobey to go through the shortcut, to which he does alone. As Tobey makes his way along, he comes across a dead dog and an old man  who threatens him, causing him to run off. Arriving home, Derek finds his brother Tobey covered in blood. Tobey tells Derek of the events on the shortcut, prompting Derek to go investigate, however he has to leave to go to the fast food place that he and Mark work at. When Derek tells Mark of the old man and the dog, Mark proceeds to tell Derek of the story of the old man who presumably killed people on the shortcut, yet nothing has ever been proven. That night Derek returns home to his Grandma\'s  home, whom the family have moved in with after the death of their Dad. Derek\'s mom  urges Derek to set a good example for Tobey. The next morning, Derek voices his opinions of annoyance from having to move to a new town again. While at school, Derek makes a move on Christy, before he is approached by Taylor  who has heard about the dead dog on the shortcut. Taylor tells him his dog has gone missing and believes the old man has killed his dog. The pair makes an arrangement to go to the shortcut that night together. After dinner, Derek asks his Grandma about the shortcut, she warns him never to go there. Derek\'s mom then tells him that the old man on the shortcut is that last member of the Hartley family still alive, and says she thinks "he just wants to be left alone." Taylor arrives and Derek and Taylor go to the shortcut. They come out at the old man\'s house and sneak into his garage where they find dog collars, but none of the collars belong to Taylor\'s dog. The old man appears and they flee. The next day, the group become determined to prove the old man is killing dogs. Derek and Lisa attempt to go back to the house, however the pairs plans are foiled when the old man does not leave his house. Later at work, Derek is startled to see the old man. Derek is unable to determine if the old man recognizes him from the night before, and he leaves soon after. Christy then arrives and she too spots the old man. Derek manages to get an intrigued Christy\'s number, so she can help with the investigation. After she leaves, Derek witnesses Mark being attacked and murdered, however it\'s revealed Mark was pulling a prank. The next day, at Derek\'s house, Mark, Lisa and Taylor have met up with Derek. Taylor tells them that a friend\'s dog has also gone missing and that the old man is a veteran, so he spends every Friday night at the memorial hall. They make a plan for Derek and Christy to spy on the old man at the memorial hall, while the other three go to investigate his house. Tobey then enters, where Lisa teases him before leaving. At the memorial hall, Derek and Christy bond before they make out and then realize that the old man has arrived. Derek phones the others to go to the house. Mark, Lisa and Taylor go through the shortcut and break into the old mans house. Mark and Lisa find a room where Benjamin was presumably home schooled in. Mark and Taylor then go into the basement. Meanwhile, Christy and Derek realize the old man is leaving however they can not get the others on the phone. Derek then realizes they must beat the old man back to the house, so they quickly begins to drive to the house. In the basement, Mark and Taylor discover an old man , revealed to be Benjamin, shackled to a large wheel by a chain that is padlocked around his neck. Benjamin pleads for them to help him before the old man arrives back home. Lisa, Mark and Taylor take Benjamin and depart the house, but leave Benjamin bound to the wheel by the chain around his neck. As they reach the shortcut, the chain restricts him from moving further. Taylor grabs the sledgehammer to break the chain, while Benjamin and Mark hold the chain tight. As Taylor swings the sledgehammer, Benjamin yanks the chain, bringing Mark\'s hand in the line of fire of the sledgehammer, horribly disfiguring it. As Lisa attempts to get a signal on her phone to call help, Taylor tends to Mark. Suddenly Benjamin hits Taylor over the head with the sledgehammer, killing him. Mark attempts to crawl away, but he too is killed with the sledgehammer. Lisa runs away as Benjamin manages to break the chain. Derek and Christy arrive at the house and find a distraught Lisa who warns them they need to leave. Just then, the old man, revealed as Ivor, arrives and crashes into the back of Derek and Christy\'s car and then tried to shoot them. Derek and Christy then flee the car and head for the forest as Lisa is shot in the leg. Derek urges Christy to escape, while he helps Lisa to run. As Christy runs deeper into the forest, she becomes lost. Suddenly she is attacked by Benjamin. As Derek and Lisa run through the forest, they fall into a pit of bones. Derek manages to climb out, but is unable to help Lisa out as Ivor arrives. Lisa hides under the bones but is spotted, and as she is about to be shot, Derek knocks out Ivor, allowing Lisa to escape. Again running through the forest, the two stumble upon Benjamin who has captured Christy and has her bound by the neck with the remaining length of chain that is also still attached to his neck. Derek attempts to save her, but Benjamin breaks Christy\'s neck, killing her. Derek attacks Benjamin and is stabbed in the side while doing so. Derek quickly finds the sledgehammer and braces himself to hit Benjamin. Before Derek can hit Benjamin, Ivor turns up, he warns Derek not to hit Benjamin, and as Derek is about to, Ivor shoots Benjamin, while saying "he can no longer deal with having to hide Benjamin and kill anyone who happens to see him." Ivor then shoots himself, allowing Derek and Lisa to make their way out of the forest. Lisa becomes unable to walk due to her injury and Derek checks on it. As they are about to continue on, Lisa is stabbed to death by Tobey. Derek is shocked at first but then says he is disappointed in his brother for allowing this to happen again, and reveals that Tobey murdered their father. The two brothers then begin to drag Lisa\'s body into the forest. Derek reassures Tobey they will be able to cover up her death, possibly implying that they both will follow the same legend that Ivor and Benjamin did.'] ['Yun-hee, a South Korean writer, is under pressure by her editor to produce something of interest for her next book. She hasn’t had a book published in three years and is all too cognizant of this fact. Things look up when her old friend Seo-yeon calls from Vietnam. Seo-Yeon informs Yun-hee about a local Vietnamese folklore centered around a girl named “Muoi” and her haunted portrait. It just so happens that in Yun-hee’s prior novel, she wrote a semi-autobiographical tale concerning her friends titled “Secrets & Lies”. In the book Seo-Yeon was portrayed in the most horrible manner, but Yun-hee is sure that Seo-Yeon hasn’t read the book as she has been living in Vietnam for years. Yun-hee eagerly flies to Vietnam to learn more about Muoi.'] ['Six young people wake up in an abandoned building, with no idea of what is going on or how they got there. A mysterious figure appears to them over a PA system, telling them that they are on a gameshow called "Are You Scared?", and that they will have to face their deepest fears in order to win the contest. However, their challenges are real, and deadly, and one by one the group must face their worst fears, facing the highest stakes imaginable. The film involves several \'contests\', all resulting in the death of the participant. Death by acid, by explosion, by shotgun, by hungry rats, by strangulation, power drill and decapitation by axe all feature.'] ['Richard , an American college student in Thailand for the summer, goes to Southeast Asia with the intention of experiencing something radically different from his familiar life. He meets Daffy , a Scottish traveler who is crazy and rants on about a beach paradise on a secret island and the parasites of civilization. Daffy later commits suicide but leaves Richard a map to the island, convincing him that it exists. Richard meets Françoise  and her boyfriend, Étienne , and persuades them to accompany him to the island, partly out of an infatuation for Françoise. They travel from Bangkok to the shores of Koh Samui in the Gulf of Thailand, where Richard befriends a pair of American surfers. They talk excitedly about the myth of the beach and how it has an almost unlimited supply of marijuana. Richard does not admit his knowledge, but copies his map and slides it under their door the next morning. To finally reach the island, Richard, Françoise and Étienne must swim across to it. When they first arrive on the island, they come across an enormous marijuana plantation guarded by local farmers armed with AK-47 assault rifles. They manage to evade detection. After jumping off a high cliff and landing in a lake below, they are seen by Keaty , who takes them to the beach community. They are cautiously interrogated by the island\'s leader Sal  regarding their knowledge of the island, but are accepted. The trio are introduced to everybody and over the next few days go on to become integrated into the community. One night while Richard and Françoise are walking down the beach, she tells him that she is falling in love with him. They swim out into the ocean to look at a swarm of bioluminescent plankton, where Françoise kisses Richard and has sex with him on the beach. Despite their attempts to keep the romance a secret, the whole island finds out about it, including Étienne. Although devastated, Étienne says he will not stand in their way if Francoise is happier with Richard. At first the island and its community seem to live up to their idyllic reputation. Richard swims out into the ocean to catch fish with a harpoon and is attacked by a young mako shark, but he stabs it to death with a knife, which gains him much admiration. Events take a turn for the worse when Richard is chosen to accompany Sal to the mainland to acquire supplies, where Richard is inadvertently reunited with the American surfers who are preparing to go to the beach with two girls. Sal overhears their conversation about the copy of the map and confronts Richard, who admits his guilt. In exchange for Sal\'s silence and Richard\'s return to the island, Sal blackmails Richard into having sex with her that night. When they return to the island, everything returns to normal until the Swedish fishermen Sten  and Christo  are attacked by a shark while fishing in the ocean. Sten dies almost immediately and Christo is severely injured. The only options for Christo are to go to the mainland to get medical help or stay on the island and take his chances. Christo chooses to stay, not wanting to go near the water after his encounter with the shark, but Sal refuses to allow a doctor to come to the island. Christo\'s condition worsens, consistently lowering the morale of the whole community, so they take him out into the middle of the jungle and leave him to die. However, Étienne, disgusted by the group\'s decision, vows to stay with Christo. Later, Sal observes the American surfers on the neighbouring island and assigns Richard the task of watching them so he can obtain the map and destroy it. While he is waiting for the surfers to arrive, Françoise shows up, furious and heartbroken, saying that Sal has told everybody about her affair with Richard at Koh Phangan. Richard cannot cope with his task and retreats into the forest where he becomes temporarily insane, believing that he is communing with the long-dead Daffy, and by this point declaiming  "the longer I\'m away from the others, the less I miss them". He evades the other islanders and sets lethal traps in an attempt to keep them at bay, at times hallucinating that he is a character in a video game. Meanwhile, the surfers reach the island but are discovered and killed by the marijuana farmers before they can get to the beach. Richard witnesses their executions and retreats to the community to convince Étienne and Françoise to leave the island, believing that all their lives are now in danger. Étienne refuses, not wanting to leave the emaciated Christo, whose leg has become gangrenous. When the other two briefly leave the tent, Richard tearfully smothers Christo to death in a mercy killing to put him out of his misery. When he leaves the tent however, he is struck across the face by a farmer and knocked unconscious. {{Quote box | quoted  width: 22em; margin: 0.5em 0 0.5em 1em; padding: 0.2em; | quote  center | source Differences from the novel As well as minor differences, the major ones are that Richard is British and Sal is American in the novel. Richard\'s obsession with War and video games is explained a bit more in the novel. He never sleeps with Françoise despite having feelings for her, which he thinks are reciprocated, saying that he considers Étienne a good guy and would not want to do that to him. He also never sleeps with Sal, nor is it Sal who accompanies him to the mainland for supplies, but rather a character called Jed who does not appear in the film, who in the book is the person who leads Richard, Etienne and Françoise to the community, not Keaty. The ending is different, with Richard and a handful of others attempting to escape from the now crumbling community. In the epilogue, after their successful escape, they move into their respective lives. Richard loses touch with Étienne and Françoise yet finds it hard to be totally freed of the effects of his experiences in that "parallel universe".'] ["One evening the Collins family discovers their maid, Mrs. Murdock, dead at the end of their steps; her neck is broken. Evidently, she had an accident; now they need a new babysitter for an upcoming party. The sensible Helen meets little Susan Collins at the discount market and likes her, so she offers to do the job. She does not know Susan's teenage brother Mark: technically skilled and good in school, but restive and cunning; Mark also listens regularly to German marching music from the Third Reich. As soon as the parents have left, he psychologically terrorizes Helen and his sister with electronic tricks. Williams, a school jock whom Mark burned earlier in science class, is out for revenge; Mark murders him with a fencing sword. Ultimately, Mark himself is killed when Helen knocks him onto a spiked German helmet. Mark's parents come home to find the house in shambles; they blame Helen and have her arrested, unaware that Mark lies dead upstairs. Susan  dons her late brother's glasses and proceeds to listen to his Nazi music...and the cycle begins anew."] ['After losing her parents in the age of five in a car accident, Laurie Cardell is sent to an orphanage where she stays for two years, until a fire burn down the place. Years later, she becomes a famous Hollywood actress, but traumatized and haunted by her past. When the small time criminal Nathan C. Thomas Howell is released after spending most of his life in prison, he goes to the house of his brother Daniel, a young man that works in a rental and worships Laurie. Daniel has researched the entire life of Laurie and written a screenplay with her biography. Nathan decides to please his younger brother and asks Laurie to read the script. She refuses and he kills her manager and friend and abducts her. Nathan locks Laurie in the trunk of his car, and calls his brother to go to Saint Claire orphanage to shoot the movie. Once in the destroyed spot, secrets from the past are disclosed.'] ['Successful businessman Melvin Dovereux is caught in a traffic jam caused by a funeral procession. Soon he is haunted by visions of a hearse chasing him and a woman in a sports car. Could the funeral procession actually be for him?'] ['After the Cuban Missile Crisis, the Soviet Union planted a number of long-term, deep-cover sleeper agents all over the United States, spies so thoroughly brainwashed that even they didn\'t know they were agents; they could only be activated by a special code phrase . Their mission was to sabotage crucial parts of the civil and military infrastructure as a precursor to a possible US/USSR active conflict or war. Over twenty years pass, and the Cold War gradually gives way to détente. Nikolai Dalchimsky , a rogue KGB officer, defects to America, taking with him the Telefon Book, which contains the names, addresses and telephone numbers of all the agents. He starts activating them one by one. American counterintelligence is thrown into confusion when seemingly-ordinary citizens start blowing up what are, in some cases, outdated targets consisting of formerly top secret facilities that were declassified or abandoned years prior; the agents commit suicide right afterwards. The KGB dares not tell its political leaders, much less the Americans, about its negligence in not deactivating the spy network. Major Grigori Bortsov , who is selected for his photographic memory, memorizes the contents of the only other copy of the Telefon Book and is sent to find and stop Nikolai Dalchimsky quickly and quietly, before the politicians on either side learn what is going on and either embarrass the KGB or start a full scale nuclear war. He is given the assistance of only a single agent planted in America, Barbara . Eventually, Bortsov discovers the method behind Dalchimsky\'s madness: he chooses the agents by the first letters of their hometowns, "writing" his own name in sabotage across America. Using this information, Bortsov is finally able to track Dalchimsky down and kill him. However, there are a number of twists. Barbara has orders from the KGB to assassinate Bortsov once he succeeds in his mission, in order to get rid of a dangerous loose end. She is a double agent, but when she informs her American superiors, they also tell her to kill Bortsov; they want her to gain the confidence of the KGB. However, she has fallen in love with her would-be target. She informs Bortsov, and together they blackmail both sides into leaving them alone, holding the threat of the remaining Telefon agents over their heads.'] ['In Utah, Nancy Breyers  is a defense lawyer who is inexplicably in love with client Michael Bosworth , a sociopathic convict. During a break from a courtroom hearing, Nancy sneaks a gun to Bosworth. After Bosworth snaps a guard\'s neck, Bosworth and Nancy slip away. Bosworth tears at Nancy\'s clothing and leaves her behind, where she will tell authorities Bosworth held her at gunpoint during his escape. He speeds off in a car with his brother Wally , and their partner, the hulking, half-witted Albert ([[David Morse , then changes cars with one Nancy has left for him in a remote location. Needing a hideout until Nancy can catch up with them, the three settle on the home of decorated Vietnam veteran Tim Cornell  and Nora Cornell , who have two kids -- 15-year-old May  and her 8-year-old brother Zack . Their house with the "For Sale" sign is picked by Bosworth at random. Tim and Nora are separated due to his infidelity with a younger woman. But when he shows up trying to reconcile with Nora, with whom he is still in love, the two of them find themselves the prisoners of the Bosworth brothers and Albert. Nancy\'s innocent act does not fool FBI agent Brenda Chandler , who puts surveillance on her every move. Nancy eventually cuts a deal with Chandler to have charges against her reduced by betraying Bosworth. A friend of the Cornells visits the house by chance, so Bosworth shoots him. An anxiety-ridden Albert decides to go off on his own, and is killed by FBI agents on a river bank. The house is surrounded that night, and Wally is killed in a barrage of FBI bullets. Bosworth holds a gun on Nora and is prepared to use it if Tim interferes. He is unaware that Tim has removed the bullets. Tim drags the criminal outside, where Bosworth ignores the FBI\'s order to surrender, and is fatally shot.'] ['In this thriller, Consuelo  is in love with the man of her dreams. There is one problem... he only exists in her dreams. But she knows he is real and to prove it, she goes to the police claiming rape. A police sketch artist creates a portrait of him. The next day she gets a call. They have found him. She goes to the station and there he is, in a police line-up: the man of her dreams—in the flesh. But she soon learns how quickly dreams can turn into nightmares.'] ['Barbara Covett  teaches history at a comprehensive school in London. A lonely old spinster, Barbara\'s only "intimate relationship" is with herself by means of a diary. When a new, younger teacher, Sheba Hart , starts at the school, Barbara feels drawn to her and believes that she "may be the one". Barbara discovers that Sheba is having an affair with a student, Steven Connolly ([[Andrew Simpson , and confronts her. When Sheba asks her not to tell the school administration until Christmas so that she can be with her family, Barbara explains she has no intention of telling, as long as she ends the relationship. However, Sheba does not end the affair with Steven, causing Barbara to taunt her emotionally and draw her down, leading her to end the affair with Steven. In months passing, Barbara\'s grasp on Sheba slowly starts to take hold, with Barbara manipulating and emotionally blackmailing her, causing her attentions to be divided between her family and Barbara. When Barbara\'s cat dies and Sheba\'s loyalties are easily divided, Sheba\'s husband Richard shouts in anger that her friend is being an evident pain and that his wife is being twisted by Barbara. Alone and feeling betrayed, Barbara seeks revenge by revealing Sheba\'s affair to a fellow teacher who comes to her asking her if Sheba is interested in him. The fellow teacher spreads the "playground rumour" to Steven\'s mother. Mrs. Connolly then comes to Sheba\'s home and hits Sheba. Afterwards, Sheba and her husband Richard bitterly argue. In Barbara\'s voice-over, she reveals she is glad that they are arguing, knowing that Sheba will come to her for comfort, which had been Barbara\'s plan to start with. The next day, the media, as well as the school administration, are alerted, and Sheba\'s affair and her life are turned upside down by the collapse of her marriage, the destroyed relationship with her children and the loss of her job. Barbara is fired from the school after denying to the headmaster that she knew of the relationship; he confronts her with a copy of a restraining order taken out against Barbara by another fellow teacher whom she had previously befriended. Sheba ends up moving into Barbara\'s house, believing that the affair became known because Steven confessed it to his mother, but Sheba soon finds Barbara\'s diary and learns that it was Barbara who leaked the story of the affair, on account of the rather sexual attraction Barbara seems to have for her. When Barbara returns from a shopping round, she is confronted by a furious Sheba, who strikes her in anger. Barbara says she has done her a favour by getting her out of a hopeless marriage. The two of them continue to shout and fight with one another, and Sheba claims that Barbara never really liked her, but in fact manipulated her for her own personal needs. Sheba runs outside with Barbara\'s journal, to streams of reporters and photographers. She shouts at them in a deluded fashion, but becomes hemmed in by a crush of reporters and photographers, at which point Barbara rescues her. Sheba\'s emotions spent, she quietly tells Barbara that she had initiated the friendship because she had liked her  and they could have been friends. Barbara says she needs more than a friend. Sheba leaves Barbara, placing the journal on the table. Sheba returns to her family home. Richard answers the door. The two face one another silently for several moments, and then Richard allows her to enter. Sheba is sentenced to 10 months, and the last scene is Barbara meeting another younger woman who is reading a newspaper reporting the Sheba Hart affair. Barbara says she used to know Sheba, but then downplays the relationship by acting as if they hardly knew each other. Barbara quickly introduces herself, and the other woman introduces herself as Annabel. The pair continue to talk. Barbara mentions attending a classical concert and invites Annabel to join her.'] ['The film follows 22-year-old Sébastien, a Georgian immigrant living in France and working construction jobs to support his poor family. Sébastien works on the home of Godon, a feeble morphine-addict who is under police surveillance. After Godon dies of an overdose, his widow informs Sébastien that she is unable to pay him. Sébastien then overhears the widow talking with one of Godon\'s friends, describing a mysterious "job" that Godon had lined up before his death. The destitute Sébastien steals an envelope containing the instructions for the job. The police begin following Sébastien as he uses the train ticket contained in the envelope. The police lose track of Sébastien as he follows the instructions and is brought to a secluded house in a forest. At the house, a deadly gambling event is being organized by a powerful criminal. Though Sébastien\'s contacts immediately recognize that he is not Godon and has no idea what he is getting into, they force him to participate in the game. Thirteen men identified by number must undergo a series of Russian roulette games, arranging themselves into a circle and pointing their revolver at the man in front of them. Spectators place bets on who will survive. Sébastien, as #13, survives the first round and fires his gun only after threatened with death. On the second round, in which two bullets are placed in each gun, Sébastien survives only because the man behind him is killed before he could fire. On the third round, with three bullets in each gun, Sebastien survives along with three other men. Though he believes that he is finished, Sébastien is selected for the final "duel" game against #6, a cruel man who is managed by his own brother. Sébastien wins the duel and survives the game. He collects €850,000 out of the winnings his handlers have made from him, then flees the house. Fearing for his life, he sends the money home in a parcel before the police catch up with him. He tells the detective that he was turned away from the game and received no money, but gives the license plate number of a particularly unpleasant gambler in attendance. The police release him, but the brother of #6 spots him as he boards a train. The brother shoots Sébastien and steals his empty satchel. Sébastien collapses into a seat as the train begins to move.'] ["Aspiring comic book artist Josh Baker  meets a young woman named Cheryl  on the streets of New York City, who proceeds to collapse and rushed to a hospital by an ambulance. When Josh arrives at the hospital, he is shocked to find that there is no record of Cheryl ever being admitted and he soon learns another startling discovery, Cheryl's roommate also vanished after being picked up by the same ambulance. Convinced that there is some sort of conspiracy going on, Josh proceeds to investigate the disappearances, despite the overt disdain and discouragement from Lt. Spencer .http://www.onemetal.com/2010/04/22/must-watch-lost-movies-the-ambulance-larry-cohens-cult-comic-book-conspiracy-thriller/"] ["Teenage Billie endures a miserable existence with her alcoholic mother. She is cruelly punished every day, both physically and emotionally just for being born .Family Demons  - Movies - Citysearch She has never been to school, she is not allowed to get a job, and she is not permitted to leave the house… ever. As such, Billie’s bizarre upbringing has resulted in her becoming a virtual prisoner in her own home. No friends, no outside contacts, just her drunken mother.dvd holocaust During one of her mother's three-day drinking binges, a starving Billie sneaks out of the house in search of food as there are no groceries. Billie finds her way to the local store and buys food, but on her way back home she is attacked by a gang of thugs.Family Demons - Film - Inside Film Awards : Australian FIlm Awards Seeing Billie outnumbered and in trouble, the next-door neighbor Sean tries to protect her while she makes her escape and Billie runs home. Unfortunately, her mother catches her coming in the house and she is chained to the laundry sink as punishment.IFM World Releasing Inc Hearing Billie’s cries for help, Sean breaks into the house and frees her. The two of them have a day of fun together, but her mother discovers this and gets angry. A violent struggle ensues and during this, Billie’s repressed anger is unleashed and in her fury she pushes her mother, knocking her head on the corner of the table.Family Demons - Inside Films Sean arrives and helps Billie bring her mother to the hospital. Sean offers to take her away and as she waits at home, her mother suddenly appears and attacks her. Billie runs and eventually kills her in fear, burying the body in the backyard.Family Demons Sean still hasn't arrived and the phone rings. The doctor informs Billie that her mother has passed away. Frightened, she runs into the backyard to dig up the body. It's Sean; she cries. Billie is next shown giving birth in her bathroom, alone. Time skips to a few years later, Billie's daughter, chained up like she was, watches as Billie pours herself a drink and stares drunkenly at her, like her mother did."] ['Detective John Prudhomme, a Cajun transferred to Chicago, is assigned to investigate the savage murder of a man who has bled to death from a severed arm. A message, "He Is Coming", written in blood on the victim\'s window, is a dark, foreboding clue. After two more victims with missing body parts are discovered, Prudhomme realizes he is on the trail of a serial killer who is using the missing body parts to reconstruct the body of Christ in time for Easter.'] ['{{Plot}} The film begins with Shelby  driving at night while crying and smoking a cigarette, which she drops and then hits someone who was standing in the path of the car. Mike , Shelby\'s ex-boyfriend, has a new girlfriend, Elizabeth , and they are preparing to go to Mt. Bliss, Mike\'s hometown, because the football team is going to be retiring his jersey. Shelby has problems with the bank about the bowling alley she inherited when her mother died and still believes that she and Mike are still an item. After the football game Mike and Elizabeth decide to go to Shelby\'s bowling alley. When Shelby sees Mike she kisses him, but Mike tells her that he has a new girlfriend. Shelby befriends Elizabeth and after a few tequila shots, a drunk Elizabeth says she is going to meet Mike\'s parents after. Shelby then tells her that Mike\'s parents are over judgmental, making Elizabeth nervous. Wanting to give a good first impression to Mike\'s parents, Elizabeth decides to go to a motel and sleep her intoxication off, so gets driven to the nearest one from Mike\'s policeman cousin Billy. As she arrives at check-in, the man behind the counter tells her that there are not any rooms left because of the homecoming football games and the nearest motel is four miles away. Mike goes home to see his mother, who tells him that one of her friends said his new girlfriend got drunk at the alley. Mike tells her that since Elizabeth wanted to make a good impression, she decided to stay at a motel. Mike\'s mother questions him why Elizabeth would think that, implying that Shelby lied to Elizabeth. Elizabeth begins to walk up the road with her suitcase, looking for someone to drive her to the motel. While driving Shelby is now crying and smoking a cigarette as seen in the beginning scene of the film. Elizabeth tries to flag the car down and becomes the person Shelby hits. After the crash, fear for Elizabeth, Shelby puts her in her car and takes her home with her. At her house Shelby takes care of Elizabeth by using some medical supplies left over from when her mother was sick. The next morning Mike tries to call Elizabeth but her phone goes to voicemail. Mike and Billy decide to go fishing. Elizabeth then wakes up in Shelby\'s house. Confused, she asks Shelby what happened. Fearing that she would go to jail for hitting Elizabeth, Shelby tells her that she found her in the road as a victim of a hit and run. Elizabeth suffered extensive bruising and a broken ankle. Shelby tells Elizabeth that she left a message on Mike\'s voicemail telling him where Elizabeth was, which is a lie. Shelby then sedates Elizabeth. Shelby then walks to her bowling alley to get Elizabeth\'s car. Elizabeth wakes up at Shelby\'s house. While Shelby is gone to get the car, she manages to get out of her bed with her injured ankle and hobble to Shelby\'s bedroom. She finds it covered in pictures of Mike and Shelby when they were still together with "SM + MD" written everywhere. Shelby returns and Elizabeth hobbles back to her room but accidentally detaches a photo strip of Shelby and Mike from the wall in her haste. Shelby finds the strip and realizes Elizabeth has been in her room. As a punishment she dislocates Elizabeth\'s bad foot. Mike and Billy go to the motel where Billy dropped her off and the receptionist tells him that Elizabeth never checked in the motel. They then go to the bowling alley where Elizabeth left her car and see that is no longer there since Shelby stole it and hid it in her barn at her house. Shelby looks through Elizabeth\'s suitcase and takes a gift that was intended for Mike, planning to give the gift to him as her own. Billy later tries to convince Mike to take Shelby back, since she still loved him even after he rejected her numerous times. Mike does agree, however, to go out for drinks that night. At the bar, Mike sees Shelby there and follows her to the bathroom. Shelby and Mike begin to passionately kiss, but Mike says that he cannot cheat on Elizabeth even though she seems to have deserted him. He leaves Shelby in the bathroom where she begins to cry. The next day, Mike, thinking Elizabeth left him for her ex-boyfriend, gets a text from Shelby on Elizabeth\'s phone saying too much is happening too fast. He lies on the couch looking at his phone\'s display of "No New Messages". Elizabeth finds herself locked in the bathroom. After rummaging around, she discovers taped to the inside of the cistern lid Polaroid pictures of Shelby\'s mother dying, revealing that Shelby had killed her. There is also a paper titled "Poisonous Plants" and a form showing that no autopsy had been performed at Shelby\'s request. Fearing her own murder is approaching, Elizabeth scours the bathroom looking for a way out. She finds a screwdriver and uses it on the door to escape. Shelby gets home from visiting Mike to give him his jacket and opens the bathroom door to find the room empty. She turns around to be met by the cistern lid in Elizabeth\'s hands. Elizabeth takes Shelby\'s jacket and hobbles down the stairs, out the front door into the barn, where she finds her locked car. In frustration, Elizabeth hits her car causing the alarm to sound. Shelby runs to the barn and subdues Elizabeth. Shelby calls her a "stupid bitch" and pulls the car keys from the jacket\'s pocket. She then ties up Elizabeth with duct tape. While she\'s lying on the floor, Elizabeth tells Shelby that she knows about her mother. Elizabeth tells her that her parents are rich and promises to run away and not tell anyone if Shelby will release Elizabeth and accept money from her parents. Shelby ignores her and uses pruners to cut out Elizabeth\'s Achilles\' tendons. Shelby then gags Elizabeth and locks her in the basement. Mike prepares for his big ceremony to retire his football jersey, wearing the jacket that Shelby gave him. Billy stops by Shelby\'s house to see if she wanted a ride. While Shelby is talking to Billy, Elizabeth manages to shut off the power. Billy offers to fix it, but Shelby dismisses his offer, saying she shall do it later. Billy insists and enters the basement with his flashlight, seeing Elizabeth bound and gagged. Shelby creeps down behind him, strikes him in the chest with an axe and takes his gun. She shoots him dead, puts his body in a barrel and burns it. At the high school where Mike is being honored, he stands in the bathroom and takes off his jacket, only to see Elizabeth\'s initials on it. Realizing that Shelby had stolen the jacket, he thinks that Shelby must also be holding Elizabeth captive. He runs to her house to confront her where he hears Elizabeth in the basement and goes down to her. After a short standoff, Shelby shoots him in the leg. An altercation follows, resulting in Shelby fainting. He carries Elizabeth upstairs and stops to rest in the kitchen. Shelby comes up and after more fighting is attacked by Elizabeth with Mike\'s football helmet. He tells her to stop, and when she does, Shelby reaches for her gun. Elizabeth then continues to beat her with the helmet. After that, Mike picks Elizabeth off her feet and carries her out. The film fades to a home video of Shelby and Mike kissing and laughing about turning off the camera. The final shot is of Shelby\'s eyes opening. Shelby is not dead.'] ['{{Plot}} Norman Bates  is now being released from a mental institution after spending 22 years in confinement. Lila Loomis , sister of Marion Crane, vehemently protests with a petition that she has been circulating with signatures of 743 people, including the relatives of the seven people Norman killed prior to his incarceration, but her plea is dismissed. Norman is taken back to his old home, the Bates Motel, with the house behind it on the hill, by Dr. Bill Raymond , who assures him everything will be fine. Norman is introduced to the motel\'s new manager, Warren Toomey . The following day, Norman reports to a prearranged job as a dishwasher and busboy at a nearby diner, run by a kindly old lady named Emma Spool . One of his co-workers there is Mary Samuels , a young waitress. After work, Mary claims she has been thrown out of her boyfriend\'s place and needs a place to stay. Norman offers to let her stay at the motel, then extends the offer to his home when he discovers that Toomey has turned what had been a shabby but respectable establishment before Norman was committed into a sleazy adult motel. Norman\'s adjustment back into society appears to be going along well until "Mother" begins to make her presence known. Norman gets mysterious notes from "Mother" at the house and diner. Phone calls came from someone claiming to be Norman\'s mother. The next day, drunk Toomey picks a fight at the diner after Norman fires him. Back at the motel Toomey yells hysterically up to the house at Norman saying he\'s moving out. Later, a human figure in a black dress walks in and slashed his face and stabs him to death with a large kitchen knife as he is packing to leave the motel. As Norman begins to reconstruct his motel, he begins to doubt his sanity when he spots a human figure staring out of the upstairs window resembling his mother. Shocked by this, Norman runs into the house and enters his mother\'s bedroom to find it looks exactly as it did 22 years ago. A sound lures him to the attic, where he is locked in. At the same time, a teenage couple, believing the house to be abandoned, sneaks in through the cellar window. As they were making out, they noticed a human female figure dressed in black pacing in the next room and heading towards the cellar trapdoor with a large kitchen knife. The girl tries to climb through a small window, but knocks over a pile of logs. As they try to climb out, the window slams down on his hands and the boy is stabbed to death. The girl escapes and alerts the police. Mary eventually finds Norman in the attic, but the door is unlocked confusing Norman. Minutes later, the sheriff arrives at the house and questions them about the boy\'s murder. He finds the cellar neat and orderly. Norman is about to admit that something suspicious is going on, but Mary claims that she has cleaned up the basement herself. After the sheriff leaves, Norman asks Mary why she lied. She explains that she had to save him from being arrested. Norman collapses into the chair with his head in his hands and moans, "It\'s starting again!"; Norman is aware that he is slipping into insanity again. That evening, Mary goes down to the motel to look for a bottle of brandy. In the parlour she is surprised by Lila, who reveals herself to be Mary\'s mother and ask her why she alibied for him. She has been calling Norman claiming to be his mother; Mary has also been helping her. She was the figure Norman spotted in the window, and also restored mother\'s room in the house plus locking Norman in the attic. All of this was an attempt to drive Norman insane again and to have him recommitted. Mary\'s growing feelings for Norman, however, have been preying on her conscience, leaving her to reconsider her actions. Lila becomes annoyed at Mary for giving an alibi to the police, because she is desperate for Bates to be recommitted. Mary, however, believes Norman to be innocent and states there could be somebody else lurking in the house. As she leaves, Lila warns her that Norman will eventually kill her just like the rest. As Norman enters the bathroom he calls for Mary, and the two are horrified to find a bloody cloth that has been stuffed down the toilet and overflowing. Norman appears confused and believes he may have committed another murder. Mary tells Norman it could not have been him as he was in the attic, and tells Norman to make them both a drink. As Mary cleans up the mess, she is startled when she discovers someone looking at her through a peephole in the bathroom wall. She screams and then calls out to Norman, who is downstairs and out of reach. Mary then returns to her room to fetch her gun, which she has been keeping in her bag, and enters Norman\'s mother\'s bedroom. As she enters, she discovers a peephole behind a painting and looks through and finds somebody else staring at her through the bathroom wall. Norman rushes to her aid but is sad to learn that Mary has a gun, thinking it is because of him she carries it, which Mary denies. Norman goes downstairs into the kitchen, grabs a butcher knife for protection, and goes into the hallway to search for the intruder. As he walks towards the stairs he is shocked to hear a faint voice coming from the cellar calling his name. Norman then runs into Mary\'s room and locks the door stating his mother is downstairs waiting to kill Mary. Mary tells him his mother is dead but Norman states he was wrong and that she is alive. Mary, who to herself thinks Lila is tormenting him, tries to convince him to confront her, but Norman refuses, claiming it is too dangerous, and tells her that he will protect her through the night. Meanwhile, Dr. Raymond discovers Mary\'s identity as Lila\'s daughter and informs Norman. He also orders the corpse of Norma Bates  to be exhumed, to prove that Norman is not being haunted by his mother. Mary admits to Norman that she has been part of Lila\'s ruse, and that while she now refuses to continue, Lila will not stop. Mary goes to Lila\'s hotel and tells her to leave Norman alone, mentioning the bloodied cloth and the peephole. Lila states her innocence, claiming she returned to her hotel after seeing Mary and their argument is overheard by a desk clerk. Lila tells Mary to dress up as "Mother" one last time to send him over the edge, which she refuses. Later, Lila drives over to Norman\'s house, unaware that Dr. Raymond is watching her from the Bates Motel as she sneaks into the cellar. While removing her "Mother" costume from a loose stone in the floor, another human figure dressed as "Mother" steps out of the shadows and shoves a knife into Lila\'s mouth. Dr. Raymond runs up to the house; Lila\'s body is not in the cellar and the "Mother" figure is gone. Norman enters the cellar and Dr. Raymond tells him about Lila and leaves the house to try and prove to Norman that Mary and Lila are the ones tormenting him. Meanwhile, Mary discovers that a car has been retrieved from the swamp, stunk with Toomey\'s dead body in the trunk. Realizing the police will shortly arrive to arrest Norman, Mary returns to warn him hysterically. The phone rings in the house. Norman answers, and starts speaking to his "mother" but it\'s actually Dr. Raymond who is calling Norman from the motel parlour telling him Lila used the office phone to place the calls but Norman believes he is still talking to his "mother". Mary listens in and discovers that nobody is on the line with Norman. Terrified that Norman has slipped back into insanity, Mary runs downstairs into the cellar and quickly dresses up as Mother to confront Norman and arms herself with a large butcher knife. She picks up the phone and tells Norman she\'s his mother and tells him to hang up. Dr. Raymond sneaks up and grabs her from behind as she is on top of the stairs calling out for Norman. She screams and plunges the knife into Dr. Raymond as he falls down the stairs to his death as the knife squishes into him further. A stunned Mary runs downstairs and is confronted by a completely deranged Norman, who promises to cover up for "Mother." A fearful Mary grabs the knife out of Dr. Raymond\'s body and warns Norman to stay away from her. Norman keeps walking towards her even after being repeatedly stabbed in the hands and chest. He backs Mary into the fruit cellar to hide and slips on a pile of coal, which avalanches away from the wall, revealing Lila\'s body hidden behind it. A shocked Mary is now convinced that Norman has been committing the murders. Norman denies doing any of the killings and thinks "Mother" committed them. She raises her knife to stab him but is shot dead by one of the incoming police deputies. The sheriff inaccurately places a story to the authorities believing Mary committed all the murders and killed Lila to protect Norman. That evening, a woman walks up the steps to the Bates\' mansion. Bandaged from his injuries, Norman has set a place for dinner when he hears a knock at the door. It is Emma Spool, the kindly woman from the diner. Norman gives her a cup of tea. Ms. Spool tells him that she is his real mother, that Mrs. Bates was her sister, who adopted Norman as an infant while Ms. Spool was institutionalized. She further reveals that she was the murderer, having killed anybody who tried to harm her son. As she sips the tea, Norman kills her with a sudden blow to the head with a shovel. Norman is now completely insane again. He carries Ms. Spool\'s body upstairs to Mother\'s room and we hear Mother\'s voice warn Norman not to play with "filthy girls". Norman reopens the Bates Motel and stands in front of the house, waiting for new customers. Thunder is heard and Mother watches from the window upstairs.'] ["Louis Salinger , of Interpol, and Eleanor Whitman , an Assistant District Attorney from Manhattan, are investigating the International Bank of Business and Credit , which funds activities such as money laundering, terrorism, arms trading, and the destabilisation of governments. Salinger's and Whitman's investigation takes them from Berlin to Milan, where the IBBC assassinates Umberto Calvini, an arms manufacturer who is an Italian prime ministerial candidate. The bank's assassin diverts suspicion to a local assassin with political connections, who is promptly killed by a corrupt policeman. Salinger and Whitman get a lead on the second assassin, but the corrupt policeman shows up again and orders them out of the country. At the airport they are able to check the security camera footage for clues, and follow a suspect to New York. In New York, Salinger and Whitman are met by two NYPD detectives, Iggy Ornelas  and Bernie Ward ([[Jack McGee , who have a photograph of the assassin's face when he arrived in New York airport. Salinger, Ornelas, and Ward locate Dr. Isaacson  to whose practice the assassin's leg brace has been traced. They find the assassin  and follow him to the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum. Jonas Skarssen , the chairman of the IBBC, reveals to his senior men White  and Wexler  that the bank had Calvini killed so that they could deal with his sons to buy guidance systems for missiles in which the bank has invested. Since the bank knows that Salinger and Whitman are close to finding their assassin, they send a hit team to kill him at a meeting between him and his handler, Wexler. Wexler leaves and is arrested by Ornelas. As Salinger speaks to the assassin, a spectacular gunfight at the Guggenheim erupts when a number of gunmen attempt to kill them with automatic weapons. They escape, but the assassin is mortally wounded. In interrogation, Wexler, a former Stasi colonel, explains to Salinger that the IBBC is practically untouchable because of its utility to terrorist organisations, drug cartels, governments, and powerful corporations of all complexions. Even if he succeeds in bringing the IBBC down there are hundreds of other banks which will replace them. If Salinger wants justice, he needs to go outside the system, and Wexler indicates a willingness to help. In Italy, Salinger tells the Calvini brothers of the IBBC's responsibility for their father's murder, prompting them to cancel the deal with the bank and have White killed. Salinger then accompanies Wexler to Istanbul, where Skarssen is buying the crucial components from their only other manufacturer. Salinger attempts to record the conversation so that he can obstruct the deal by proving to the buyers that the missiles will be useless, but he ultimately fails. Both Wexler and Skarssen are then killed by a hitman contracted by Enzo and Mario Calvini to avenge their father's murder by the bank. Salinger is left stunned, his investigation, pursuit, and determination to bring down the IBBC, have led him to nothing. During the closing credits, it is indicated that the bank is successfully continuing with its operations despite the death of its Chairman—as Skarssen had predicted to Salinger before he was killed. However with the new and more aggressive chairman, it is hinted that the IBBC's increased expansion and aggression will ultimately lead to its downfall, as shown by the last panel, revealing the beginnings of a United States Senate investigation, headed by Whitman."] ["Three years after Steve Peterson's wife, Nina, was murdered in front of their 11 year old daughter Julie, she and his new girlfriend Sharon Martin are kidnapped by the same killer, the psychotic Artie Taggart. Imprisoning them in a bunker below Grand Central Station, he throws the police into a race against time to save the girls and catch the killer.."] ['Frederick Clegg is a lonely young man who collects butterflies. After winning a large sum of money in a football pool, he buys an isolated country house and begins stalking pretty, young art student, Miranda Grey. One day in the city, Frederick kidnaps and chloroforms Miranda. He loads her unconscious body into the back of his van and drives to his house, locking Miranda in the windowless stone cellar that he has prepared with a bed, some furnishings, and an electric heater. When Miranda awakens, Frederick confesses his love for her, and explains that he only wants time for her to get to know him. At first, Miranda angrily demands to be released, but later agrees to stay for four weeks, but only if he gives her his word that he will let her go at the end of that time. Miranda stays locked in the cellar, except for occasional baths in the main house. At one point Frederick proudly shows her his massive butterfly collection. She is shocked by the living beauty he has destroyed, and realizes that he\'s "collected" her. Four weeks go by, during which Frederick discovers and prevents a number of clever escape attempts by Miranda. On the night of her promised release, Frederick surprises Miranda with a formal dinner and champagne. He presents her with a wedding ring and asks her to marry him. When Miranda agrees, Frederick becomes suspicious of her motives. They argue, and he chloroforms her and locks her in the basement again. During her next outing in the main house, Miranda attempts to seduce Frederick. He is appalled, and tells her he has lost all respect for her, and he can\'t allow her to leave. Miranda realizes just how unstable Frederick is, and that she will never leave alive. While being taken back to the cellar in the rain, she seizes a nearby shovel and strikes Frederick in the head with it. Frederick is wounded, but he manages to pull her back into the cellar, breaking the heater during their struggles. Frederick then drives his van to a hospital and is helped inside by a nurse. Miranda remains locked in the cold cellar, soaking wet. Frederick returns a few days later to find Miranda terribly ill, and he goes into town to get a doctor. There, Frederick stops himself from going inside the doctor\'s office, instead returning alone with some medicine. He enters the cellar to find Miranda dead. In a voice over, he says it was Miranda\'s fault for not trying to get to know him and for losing his respect. He reveals that Miranda is buried under a tree on his property in a box he made, and she got everything she deserved. He says his only mistake was trying to deal with someone like Miranda, who was much too clever and of a different social background. He has decided that he needs to find someone simpler and more common that he can "teach". The final scene shows Frederick back behind the wheel of his van, stalking a young nurse.'] ['Joanna Eberhart  is a young wife who moves with her husband Walter  and two children from New York City to the idyllic Connecticut suburb of Stepford. Loneliness quickly sets in as Joanna, a mildly rebellious aspiring photographer, finds the women in town all look great and are obsessed with housework, but have few intellectual interests. The men all belong to the clubbish Stepford Men\'s Association, which Walter joins to Joanna\'s dismay. Neighbor Carol Van Sant\'s  sexually submissive behavior to her husband Ted, and her odd, repetitive behavior after a car accident also strike Joanna as unusual.  Things start to look up when she makes friends with another newcomer to town, sloppy, irrepressible Bobbie Markowe . Along with glossy trophy wife Charmaine Wimperis , they organize a Women\'s Lib consciousness raising session, but the meeting is a failure when the other wives hijack the meeting with cleaning concerns. Joanna is also unimpressed by the boorish Men\'s Club members, including intimidating president Dale "Diz" Coba ([[Patrick O\'Neal ; stealthily, they collect information on Joanna including her picture, her voice, and other personal details. When Charmaine turns overnight from a languid, self-absorbed tennis fan into an industrious, devoted wife, Joanna and Bobbie start investigating, with ever-increasing concern, the reason behind the submissive and bland behavior of the other wives, especially when they learn they were once quite supportive of liberal social policies. Spooked, Bobbie and Joanna start house hunting in other towns, and later, Joanna wins a prestigious contract with a photo gallery with some photographs of their respective children. When she excitedly tells Bobbie her good news, Joanna is shocked to find her freewheeling and liberal friend has abruptly changed into another clean, conservative housewife, with no intention of moving from town. Joanna panics and, at Walter\'s insistence, visits a psychiatrist to whom she voices her belief that all the men in the town are in a conspiracy of somehow changing the women. The psychiatrist recommends she leave town until she feels safe, but when Joanna returns home, the children are missing. The marriage devolves into domestic violence when Joanna and Walter get into a physical scuffle. In an attempt to find her children, she hypothesizes Bobbie may be caring for them. Joanna, still mystified by Bobbie\'s behavior, is desperate to prove her humanity but intuitively stabs Bobbie with a kitchen knife. But Bobbie doesn\'t bleed or suffer, instead going into a loop of odd mechanical behavior, thus revealing she is a robot. Despite feeling she may be the next victim, Joanna sneaks into the mansion which houses the Men\'s Association to find her children. There, she finds the mastermind of the whole operation, Dale "Diz" Coba, and eventually her own robot-duplicate. Joanna is shocked into paralysis when she witnesses its soulless, black, empty eyes. The Joanna-duplicate brandishes a cord; it is implied that she strangles the real Joanna to death. In the final scene, the duplicate is seen placidly purchasing groceries at the local supermarket, along with the other "wives" all wearing similar long dresses, large hats and saying little more than hello to each other. The final shot focuses on Joanna\'s now-finished eyes. During the closing credits still pics show a very cheerful Walter along with his now conservatively-dressed children in the back of the station wagon, picking up his "Stepford wife" from the supermarket.'] ['Scanners are people with the ability to read  other people\'s thoughts , and the power to cause things to happen simply by thinking about them . ConSec, a purveyor of weaponry and security systems, searches out and captures scanners, ostensibly to protect the public from them, but actually to use them for its own nefarious purposes. Most scanners are unhappy people, condemned to "hearing" an unstoppable flood of strangers\' thoughts. Cameron Vale  has uncommonly powerful scanning abilities but cannot handle the pressure and has withdrawn completely from society. A homeless derelict, he lives in a shopping mall. When he psychically overhears two women denigrating him he inadvertently induces violent convulsions in one, which in turn attracts the attention of ConSec agents who tranquilize and abduct him. Meanwhile ConSec is holding a press conference, attempting to convince the public that their roundup of scanners is a good thing for everyone involved; the public is protected and the scanners become useful members of society. Dr. Paul Ruth , head of ConSec\'s Scanner Section, introduces the company\'s senior scanner , who offers to "scan" a volunteer to demonstrate the banality of the process. Unfortunately his volunteer, Darryl Revok  is a renegade with formidable telepathic powers who has declared war on ConSec and all scanners who voluntarily work for it. The demonstration does not go well; the ConSec scanner\'s head explodes. Consec security agents try to detain Revok but he escapes, killing several of them in the process. Ruth meets with ConSec\'s newly-hired head of security, Braedon Keller , to mull Ruth\'s two biggest challenges: hunting down Revok and infiltrating the secretive scanner community. Ruth thinks both problems can be solved simultaneously using Vale, who might be the only scanner with sufficient psychic power to challenge Revok. Vale is reluctant; Revok\'s whereabouts are unknown, and the only lead is Benjamin Pierce , an artist and unstable scanner who tried to kill his family as a child. And even if he can find Revok, how will he subdue him? Ruth tells Vale about a secret drug, ephemerol, which ConSec uses to suppress scanners\' telepathic powers, thereby maintaining control over them. Vale tracks down Pierce after locating a gallery exhibiting his morbid sculptures. Pierce is in hiding from Revok; he has rejected Revok\'s offer to join his renegade faction, which makes him a liability. Four of Revok\'s men gun down Pierce. Vale flings the four assassins into unconsciousness, then scans the dying man\'s mind to learn what he knows about the scanner underground. Pierce\'s dying thoughts lead Vale to Kim Obrist  who has formed a telepathic alliance with a group of other scanners. Vale is invited to a meeting, but the gathering is ambushed by more of Revok\'s assassins, who kill Obrist\'s scanner friends before Vale and Obrist can kill them. Vale learns that a large quantity of "bootleg" ephemerol is about to be delivered to Revok\'s clandestine organization. Vale and Obrist travel to ConSec headquarters to inform Ruth of this development; but Keller, who is actually a traitor working for Revok, kills Ruth, then attempts to capture Vale and Obrist, who escape by scanning the ConSec guards. Vale infiltrates Revok\'s computer network through a payphone. When Keller discovers this, he orders ConSec computer scientists to rig the computer to self-destruct while Vale is plugged into it. The plan backfires and the laboratory explodes, killing Keller. Vale and Obrist pursue their only remaining lead: the illegal ephemerol shipment. Their investigation takes them to the office of Dr. Frane, an obstetrician, where Obrist becomes aware that someone is scanning her. She realizes that she is being scanned by the unborn baby of a pregnant woman in Frane\'s waiting room. Before the two can question Frane they are ambushed by Revok\'s men, tranquilized, and abducted. Vale regains consciousness in Revok\'s office, where Revok tells him that they are brothers and that Ruth is their father. According to Revok, Ruth had experimented with ephemerol on their pregnant mother, and all scanners are the children of unwitting women who had taken ephemerol during pregnancy as a morning sickness sedative. Revok\'s plan is to conquer the world with an army of scanners - born decades ago and now mature. He invites Vale to join him, but Vale refuses, and a psychic battle ensues. Vales body ignites, and Revok screams. Obrist awakens to find Vale\'s incinerated corpse on the floor; but she senses Vale\'s thoughts and calls out to him. In a corner, hidden under Vale\'s jacket, is Revok—but with Vale\'s blue eyes, and without Revok\'s trademark forehead scar. He smiles at Obrist. "We\'ve won," he says, in Vale\'s voice.'] ['A female mental patient  believing she is the reincarnated soul mate of Jack the Ripper, terrorizes her psychiatrist , whom she believes is her reincarnated lover. Determined to find her man, and willing to use her sensuality to get to him, she breaks out of the mental institution and is determined to, at any cost, free him of his wife  and young daughter to restart their previous work as mass murderers, and lovers.'] ['Famed playwright Sidney Bruhl debuts the latest in a series of Broadway flops and returns to his opulent Long Island home and his sympathetic but sick wife, Myra. Although their financial situation is not dire, Sidney is hungry for a hit. They are starting to feel the limit of his wife\'s fortune, so he shares with her a plan. He has received a manuscript written by one of his students that he considers near perfection. Clifford Anderson recently attended one of Sidney\'s writing workshops and now asks for his input on his play "Deathtrap." Myra\'s weak heart is not improved when her husband does not rule out eliminating Clifford and producing the play as his own. He invites Clifford to their secluded Long Island home to discuss it. Clifford arrives by train. Myra tries desperately over the course of an evening to convince Sidney to work with Clifford as equal partners, but to no avail. Sidney attacks Clifford, strangling him with a chain. Sidney removes the body but still has to convince Myra to conspire with him. She reveals nothing when they receive an unexpected visit from the psychic Helga Ten Dorp, a minor celebrity who is staying with the Bruhls\' neighbors. But Helga senses pain and death in the house; before she leaves she warns Sidney about a man in boots who will attack him. As she prepares for bed, Myra is managing to come to terms with Sidney\'s diabolical deed. All is calm until Clifford bursts through the bedroom window and beats Sidney with a log. Clifford chases Myra through the house until her heart gives out; she collapses and dies. Sidney calmly descends the stairs, uninjured, and sidles unperturbed to Clifford\'s side. They exchange a few words about what to do with Myra\'s body, then exchange a passionate kiss. Clifford moves in with Sydney. The two work together at a partner\'s desk, Sidney suffering from writer\'s block but Clifford busily typing page after page of a new play that he keeps suspiciously under lock and key. While Clifford is out grocery shopping, Sidney breaks the lock and is horrified to discover that Clifford is using the true story of Myra\'s murder as the basis of a play called "Deathtrap." Unashamed, Clifford offers to share the work and the credit. Sidney demurs until Clifford insists he\'s prepared to leave him and write the play without him. A few days later, Helga stops by, ostensibly for candles in anticipation of a predicted thunderstorm. Almost immediately after meeting Clifford, she warns Sidney that Clifford is the man in boots. Sidney doublecrosses Clifford by asking him to arm himself with an axe to demonstrate a bit of stage business, then producing a gun to dispose of Clifford and "Deathtrap." But Clifford has loaded the bullets into a different gun, and he secures Sidney to a chair with manacles, unaware they were once the property of Harry Houdini. Sidney easily releases himself, grabs a crossbow and fells Clifford with a single arrow. Before Sidney can dispose of the body the storm hits with full force, plunging him into darkness. A flash of lightning illuminates the living room and a fleeting figure scurries through. It is Helga, aware of the mortal danger at the house. Sidney finds a knife while Helga grabs a gun. Clifford regains consciousness and trips Helga. The gun goes flying and a struggle for it ensues that ... ... culminates on a stage with actors before a full house, where "Clifford" stabs "Sidney" and both die, leaving "Helga" victorious. The opening night audience erupts in thunderous applause, and at the back of the house stands Helga Ten Dorp, now the happy author of a hit Broadway play called "Deathtrap."'] ['The film opens up with surveillance camera views of a mansion and its rooms; the views alternate among images of nine people being kidnapped. Lea , an abductee, wakes up in a bedroom. She notices others in nearby bedrooms, and runs to the main door, bangs at it, and shouts to be let out. She finds the windows are all walled with bricks; even the basement door is blocked. She has a panic attack and passes out. Lea is awakened by Father Duffy , a priest who is with a group of seven people. A voice (The Watcher ([[Jim Carter  comes over a speaker which announces they are gathered to play a game. Their friends and family are being "taken care of", so they won\'t be found. Also, they were chosen "not based on who they are, but what they are". It is like a reality show, only much graver: the rules are that the winner is the last one left alive; he or she would then be freed, and also receive compensation of five million U.S. dollars. The players discuss the situation. They try to break down the door using a dining table as a battering ram, and then try to dig and break through other holes, but nothing works. A sound from the kitchen reveals a dumbwaiter with food. In the dining room, the players introduce themselves. Father Duffy is a priest. Jay is a cop with a pistol. Lea is a dancer. Claire is a tennis player. Francis is a musician, and Cynthia is his wife. Al B is an ambitious rapper that covets Jay\'s gun, and assumes anything said about him is racially motivated. Shona is a drug addict with an ankle bracelet monitor; some players hope that this may attract outside help. Max is a clothes designer. After dinner, the players choose bedrooms. Cynthia and Francis take one, and Duffy gets his own; the others share. Jay and Lea talk about their families, until someone sneaks in and tries to steal Jay\'s gun. Jay and Lea foil the attempt and assemble everyone in the hallway where they all argue. Afterwards, Jay tells Lea that he only trusts her and Duffy. The players open a wine cabinet and have drinks, except for Duffy, who returns to his room. Lea goes for a walk and Jay sits at his bed. Francis leaves with a glass stopper; he breaks it in the bathroom, and hides some shards under the toilet lid. Shona, Claire and Max get drunk. Al B flirts and dances with Cynthia, until Francis arrives. The two men fight, but when Cynthia intervenes, Al B pushes her and knocks the back of her head against the stone railing, which causes her death. Jay "arrests" Al B, and locks him in a room using a pipe. The players are shocked at Cynthia\'s death. Al B screams to be let out. Duffy brings him food, but he escapes and attacks Jay with the pipe; he beats him to a pulp. With his dying breath, Jay gives Duffy his gun. Al B slowly backs into the room and shuts the door. The next day, the six remaining players find food and wine, along with a card that says "Good work". They run to Al B\'s room and find that he has hung himself. Duffy and Lea stand in shock, while the other players leave to eat. Francis retreats and show signs of a mental breakdown. Shona and Claire argue, and it escalates to the point where Claire kills Shona. Meanwhile, Francis goes after Lea, who is washing her face in the bathroom. He rips the light fixture from the wall and throws it into the sink, electrocuting her. Claire tells Duffy that she killed Shona in self-defense. Duffy leaves to look for Lea, and finds her on the bathroom floor. Francis arrives, and pretends to act surprised. Meanwhile, Claire goes to get food, but sees Max. She offers to form an alliance with him; he accepts. Francis attacks Duffy with the assumption he would not retaliate with the gun, but Duffy shoots him in the stomach. As Claire turns around to the sound, Max wraps his belt around her neck. Duffy returns to the foyer and sees Max strangle Claire. Max explains that "she was stealing food", but refuses Duffy\'s pleas to stop. Duffy shoots Max in the head. The gunshot awakens Lea, who had survived the electrocution. She barricades the door and rushes to the shower, but knocks the toilet lid and discovers the glass shards that Francis hid. She tears a shower curtain and wraps it around one of the shards. Duffy asks Claire if she is okay, but he is stabbed in the back by Francis, and he drops the gun. Francis retrieves it and shoots Claire. Duffy pleads for his life, but Francis uses the last round to shoot him. He then declares victory, repeatedly shouting "I Win!" Upstairs, Lea makes a commotion when she fumbles with the toilet cover. Francis hears the noise and heads upstairs. Lea hides under the bed when Francis walks in the room. After seeing that Lea is no longer in the bathroom, he spots her, and toys with her briefly before pulling her out. In the ensuing struggle, Lea stabs Francis in the leg with the shard, and runs to a balcony. Francis charges her, and they flip over the railing. Lea lands on top of Francis, but when she gets up, she realizes the shard had pierced Francis in the heart. The front door opens, revealing a bright light, and a bag on the floor. Lea walks to the door, picks up the bag, and leaves.  The DVD includes two alternate endings. In the first ending, as Lea steps into the light, she is knocked unconscious, and wakes up in her apartment bed. She notices the bag, a small TV set and a videotape. She opens the bag and sees a pile of cash. She plays the tape, and sees the camera footage of the foyer . The Watcher says she just became a member of the world\'s most exclusive survival club, and that he is very proud. The picture then goes to the bedrooms where there are nine new people passed out on the floor. Lea stares at the screen in shock as The Watcher says, "Happy viewing..." In the second "originally intended"{{huh}} ending, as Lea leaves the house, she is led into another one where she meets four people. Each of them have a bag of money. The camera zooms in on Lea; a fearful look grows as she realizes that the game is not over.'] ["Slacker Donny's  life is turned upside-down when Lova  enters his life possessing a mysterious box which may hold answers to eternal and dangerous questions. But evil forces want to possess the box, and Donny and Eva must travel through time to ensure the future of mankind."] ['Gerard Reve , an alcoholic, bisexual novelist, leaves Amsterdam to deliver a lecture at the Vlissingen Literary Society. There, he becomes sexually involved with its attractive treasurer, Christine Halslag , who is alternately described as a witch, black widow, Delilah and the Devil. The Virgin Mary appears to him in visions to show that he is targeted as her fourth victim. Mary says, "Anyone given a warning must listen to it." Gerard listens and his life is spared. He passes on the warning to Herman, Christine\'s other lover, who ignores it, thinking that Gerard is trying to scare him off so that he can have Christine for himself. The movie ends with Herman\'s death, Christine\'s selection of a fifth victim and Gerard\'s future uncertain.'] ["A magazine editor named Dorine is called upon to do late work; her computer breaks down and she asks the help of a co-worker, Gary Michaels, who is electrocuted while trying to fix the wires. Dorine dials 911, but hangs up when the call is answered. She places the corpse on a cart, rolls it down to her car, loads it in her trunk, and takes it home, placing it in her basement. Then, seemingly without reason, she goes into a murder spree. She begins her spree by murdering another office worker, but later murders two young Girl Scouts who arrive at her door to sell cookies. The young girls join the other corpses in the basement, and Dorine is seen eating the cookies while working on her new laptop. Dorine sends messages from Gary to the remaining office workers, implying he is alive and has left the office or his wife. There are three more murders before the movie ends, all artistically executed. The last scene shows Dorine, after her mother's death, setting fire to her basement, then, sporting a blond wig and makeup, driving away in her car, and circling a newspaper ad with her pencil for an office job."] ["In Unforgettable, Dr. David Krane  is unsuccessfully framed for the murder of his wife. He then attempts to find the true killer, with the help of Dr. Martha Briggs , by using an experimental drug that allows him to experience another person's memories. The drug takes a heavy toll and it's a race to find out the truth before time runs out. In the end it is revealed that Bresler, a policeman, was the one that killed Krane's wife, in order to frame Eddie Dutton, who was the prime suspect in the murder. Bresler goes to jail for a long time, while Krane ends up in a comatose state due to an overdose of the drug. Briggs and Gleick, Bresler's partner, realize the comatose Krane is in is a 'better place' where he can be with his late wife."] ['The story begins at sea when the unnamed Skipper  of the sailboat Bella Donna reports a man overboard. The victim, Paul Pelikan, drowns before he can be rescued. People in the Bella Donna\'s home port of Gibraltar suspect that the Skipper deliberately pushed Paul overboard because he\'d had an affair with the Skipper\'s wife Mona . Though nothing is proven, Mona believes the Skipper did in fact throw Paul overboard and leaves him. Heartbroken, the Skipper spends most of his time at the local bars getting drunk and swearing he will sail again, though the townspeople don\'t take his claim seriously. Meanwhile, two English girls Su  and Lou  are barely making a living singing at local clubs. Though fast friends, there seems to be tension between the two. They put on a show at the California Bar that night, singing an English language version of Porque te vas . The Skipper is present for the performance and falls hard for the two, especially after Lou performs an impromptu striptease at the end. After spending the night with the two girls, the Skipper agrees to their request to sail them to Barbados. Though the voyage will take four weeks, all seems to be well at the start. The Skipper does express some concern in his ship\'s log about how close the two girls are, then injects himself with a syringe. As time passes, Su flirts with the Skipper, but becomes upset when her advances are ignored. As tensions further mount, Su snoops through the Skipper\'s quarters and finds the syringe and his log book. She tells Lou that she thinks the Skipper is a drug addict and a murderer, then confronts the Skipper at dinner later. He responds by throwing Su overboard. Angry, Su hides what she thinks are the Skipper\'s narcotics but is in fact insulin. Soon, the Skipper falls into a diabetic coma. A desperate Lou eventually finds the inuslin and injects the Skipper, saving his life. A grateful Skipper later confesses his love for Lou. Lou responds "What about Su?" The Skipper replies "What about Su?" Su then walks in on them having sex. Su is heartbroken and starts crying. Lou, feeling guilty, tries to comfort Su. Things seem to have smoothed over at the end, when the girls reprise their act, singing "You\'re Leaving Me" again. Without warning, Lou shoots the Skipper with a spear gun, killing him almost instantly. In terror, Su flees below deck. Lou takes a moment to draw a heart and arrow in the Skipper\'s pooling blood before going to the galley to make a cup of tea. She seems oddly calm while Su is quaking in terror over what\'s happened. Lou tries to calm Su down but ends up smothering her with a pillow. An end title states that the Bella Donna was later found adrift, with no one aboard.'] ["The film tells the story of a virtual-reality game designer, Jimi , who finds out that the main character of his game, Solo , has achieved sentience due to an attack by a computer virus. Asked by his creation  to eliminate its existence, Jimi sets out to erase the game from his employer's server before it's commercially released, and thus spare Solo further suffering. Jimi feels desperate because his wife Lisa  left him. He starts to search for her as he tries to delete Solo from the game. These two paths of his life complement in the story throughout the whole film. By the end, Jimi hacks into one of the company's servers. This hack is in the world of virtual reality interpreted as encounters with persons from Jimi's life. That is the way the network defends itself. It tries to keep the hacker's mind in the loop of his own memories as it burns the hacker's brain. The only way to pass through the network defence mechanism is to free one's mind. To forget about life before or after; to forget about bodily feelings; to enter a state of pure concentration, where one focuses only on the target . It is similar to meditation where one tries to concentrate on breathing. People who are able to do this are called angels . In the end Jimi feels enlightened. He is in inner peace with himself. He saved the character, understood why Lisa left and understands why the things happened in the way they happened. He is in the state of Nirvana."] ["A married couple, Lynn and Doug Kaines , owners of an exotic furniture design company, visit Mexico, with Lynn in her first term of pregnancy. On their nighttime return trip, with her at the wheel, they accidentally run into and kill a Mexican police officer in the middle of the road. They make no report of the accident to avoid the perils of a Mexican jail, but slide the dead cop to the side of the road and return to the US. They have the front end damage to their car repaired clandestinely and appear to have gotten away with the killing. Quite unexpectedly a vagabond named Jake Shell , driving a dumpy old camper truck, shows up at their door hinting that he had witnessed the entire incident. Shell is a ne'er-do-well, parasitic, and pathetic excuse for a human being who blackmails the Kaines, who attempt to appease him. There is a physical confrontation with Shell and the Kaineses, along with perverse sexual innuendo, and a suspenseful attempt by the Kaines to rid themselves of their nemesis without revealing their secret."] ['Trevor Reznik  is a machinist who has had chronic insomnia for a year and has lost weight to the point where he has become severely emaciated. His alarming appearance and strange behavior cause his co-workers to keep away; they eventually turn on him after he is involved in a machine accident that causes his colleague Miller  to lose his left arm. Trevor, who was distracted by an unfamiliar co-worker named Ivan , bears the blame for the accident. No one at the factory knows of Ivan and there are no records of him as an employee. Trevor seems to find peace only in the arms of Stevie , a prostitute who develops genuine affection for him, or in the company of Maria , a waitress at the airport diner where he spends many of his sleepless nights. Trevor is haunted by brief flashes of recurring imagery, and everyday objects take on a menacing air, like the car cigarette lighter. A mysterious series of post-it notes that appear on his refrigerator depict a game of hangman; these vaguely threatening incidents send Trevor further into paranoia. He nevertheless attempts to establish a tentative romantic relationship with Maria. Meeting her at an amusement park, Trevor accompanies her son Nicholas on a grotesque funhouse ride called "Route 666" whose flashing lights cause the boy to suffer an epileptic seizure. Trevor is no longer able to think clearly and begins to suspect that the bizarre events in his life are a concerted effort to drive him insane. These ideas are fed to him in small random clues. One of them takes the form of a picture of Ivan fishing with Reynolds, one of Trevor\'s co-workers, which Trevor discovers in Ivan\'s wallet when it\'s momentarily left behind in a pub. Another near-accident at work causes Trevor to lash out in rage at his co-workers and as a result he is immediately fired. Growing increasingly distracted and alienated, Trevor forgets to pay his utility bills and his electricity is disconnected. A dark, viscous liquid begins trickling out of the freezer, eventually coating the refrigerator door with streaks of what appears to be blood. After several unsuccessful attempts at confronting Ivan, Trevor tries to trace him through his license plate. He follows Ivan\'s car to read its license plate just before his gasoline runs out. When a DMV clerk insists that he cannot release personal information unless a crime has been committed, Trevor throws himself in front of a car in order to accuse Ivan of committing a hit and run. After filing a police report with Ivan\'s plate number on it, the battered Trevor is dumbfounded when the investigator tells him that the car in question is his own; Trevor reported the vehicle destroyed in a wreck one year ago. He runs from the policemen and goes to see Stevie, who clothes and washes him. But then Trevor finds the fishing picture of Ivan and Reynolds now framed in her home and accuses her of conspiring against him. Stevie is confused and says the picture is of Reynolds and him, not Ivan, but Trevor refuses to look at it. Following a short, intense bout of name-calling Trevor is thrown out. He goes to find solace at the airport diner but when he asks about Maria, an unfamiliar waitress tells him they never had an employee there by that name - the waitress says she has served Trevor every day for a year, without him ever saying a word. In the film\'s climax Trevor sees Ivan take Nicholas, who appears to have been kidnapped, into Trevor\'s apartment. Fearing the worst, Trevor sneaks inside. Nicholas is nowhere to be seen and does not respond to Trevor\'s calls. Trevor confronts Ivan in the bathroom, and asks him what he has done with Nicholas. Trevor struggles with and ultimately kills Ivan. He then flings open the shower curtain, expecting to see Nicholas\'s dead body, but the bathtub is empty. He goes to his refrigerator and opens it to find rotting fish and other spoiled foods tumbling out. His mind then flashes back to the fishing photo, which now shows a heavier, healthier Trevor standing near his co-worker Reynolds, just as Stevie claimed. Ivan was never in the photo; it was all a part of Trevor\'s hallucination. The scene then returns to one that occurred during the opening credit roll, in which Trevor tries to dispose of someone\'s corpse , rolling it in a rug and struggling to cast it into the ocean. When the rug unravels, there is nothing inside. Ivan—as alive as ever—appears holding a flashlight and laughing. Trevor, suddenly home again and staring at himself in a mirror, begins to repeat, "I know who you are." He then recalls his own role in a hit-and-run accident a year earlier, in which he ran over and killed a boy identical to Nicholas after taking his eyes off the road for a moment to use the car\'s cigarette lighter. The boy\'s mother, whom he later fantasizes as Maria the waitress, was at the scene; Trevor decided to drive away. The resulting guilt became the deep-seated cause of his insomnia. He fills in the missing letters for the hangman game on his refrigerator to spell "killer." Upon recovering this deeply repressed memory he briefly considers going to the airport and escaping. Instead he drives to police headquarters, accompanied by an encouraging but silent Ivan, who bids him an approving farewell from outside the station. At the police station\'s front desk Trevor confesses to his hit and run. Two police officers escort Trevor to a cell, where he states that he intends to go to sleep, and proceeds to do so for the first time in a year.'] ['In 1992, a group of young Anarchists seeking to preserve the local wildlife are brutally murdered. The killer is later found collapsed by a river due to wounds he\'d sustained while attempting to kill the lone surviving anarchist. The movie flashes forward 15 years as successful crime novelist Susan moves into a nearby house with her husband David, who have purchased the house in hopes of it helping her with her writing. Susan is quickly made uneasy as she witnesses the house\'s gamekeeper Peck having enthusiastic sex in the woods and then later exposing himself to her. She also begins to witness strange visions in the house, all surrounding bloody bodies, the killer from earlier in the film, and people who appear one moment and disappear the next. It\'s later revealed that Susan had previously suffered a mental breakdown due to seeing and hearing things that were never there, which was part of the reason for the house\'s purchase. After David leaves for a "business trip" , Susan is drugged and taken advantage of sexually by Peck. The next day Susan confides in the local priest about her past mental illnesses and her fears of her new home. The priest has a psychic examine the house, only for the psychic to declare that there are no presences currently in the house. Immediately after the psychic and the priest are escorted outside by her husband, Susan witnesses a series of brutal murders involving all of the people she had earlier seen in her visions throughout the film. These visions end up destroying what little sanity Susan has left, resulting in her accidentally killing Peck as he was checking up on her. Upon discovering what she has done, Susan is sent to a mental institution to spend the rest of her days. The movie then shows that Susan had been channeling her visions into her latest book, which has become an instant bestseller. David is shown receiving the money from her book and it\'s inferred that he had married Susan only for her money and that Peck\'s actions were done in an attempt to get blackmail material for the divorce. David then goes back to the house one last time to finalize the sale to its new owner, where we are then shown all of the people Susan had witnessed during her stay in the house. He is then gruesomely murdered by the killer Susan had been seeing all along , revealing that her visions had never been due to insanity, rather because she\'d been having visions of the future murders that would happen in the house.'] ['= The movie begins with John Kelly pulling Eli Jones  from his city residence, drugging him and driving across regional Australia for three days. On the journey, John and Eli begin to interact and talk, as well as having a run-in with a rogue cop and encountering "Thommo", a trucker.'] ['In 1995, Samantha Darko  follows her best friend Corey  on a road trip from Virginia to California, in an attempt to become professional dancers. Their dreams are cut short when their car breaks down in a tiny Utah town. They are saved by the town bad boy, Randy , who takes them to the local motel where they meet the conspiracy-loving owner. He tells them of Billy Moorcroft, a boy that went missing. Samantha starts sleepwalking. A future version of her meets Justin  at the windmill and tells him that the world will end; however, Justin knows this already. The next morning Samantha wakes up on a bus stop bench, where a policeman finds her and warns her about a pervert. He offers to drive her back to the motel but the two end up stopping at the site where a meteorite crashed. Samantha tells Corey that she doesn\'t remember what happened the night before. While at a cafe, a science-loving geek, Jeremy , tries to talk about the meteorite with Samantha. Randy invites the two girls to a party, where he tells her of his brother who went missing and how hard it has been on his family. Future Samantha stands in the middle of a road and is nearly hit by a car; Justin sees her and is entranced. Her ghost takes him to the local nondenominational church and commands him to burn it down. The next day they find Justin\'s dog tags in the ashes of the church. Samantha runs into Jeremy, who is beginning to show signs of radiation exposure. Subsequently, Justin has begun working on forging a bunny-skull mask out of metal, saying he needs to help "his princess." Samantha wanders the town and soon encounters Randy and Corey. Samantha tells Corey how she wants to get out of town but the two get into a fight. Samantha runs away, and Randy\'s car is unexpectedly run into by another car, pushing his car into Samantha and killing her. Corey is full of anguish about her best friend\'s death. She finds a book about time travel as well as a story Samantha wrote as a child, entitled The Last Unicorn, about a princess and a boy named Justin. A boy appears, and commands Corey to come with him in order to save Samantha. She follows him to a cave where she goes through a portal that takes her back in time. Everything moves backwards to when Samantha is walking down the road. Corey and Randy drive up to Samantha again and when they stop, Corey is nicer to her. As Randy drives off, the other car still runs into him, and this time Corey is killed instead. Samantha is devastated about Corey\'s death. After another sleep walking incident, she sees a dress in the window of the vintage shop Jeremy\'s parents own. It is the same dress she wears as Future Samantha. Jeremy sees her admiring it and begins talking more about the meteorite he bought. Samantha notices tissue damage on Jeremy\'s arm and when told about it, he quickly covers it up and calls it a rash. The next morning Samantha wakes up on the hill where Justin is. He takes the book about time travel from her and explains that it was written by his grandmother. He asks her to "show him how to do it" but she doesn\'t understand. He tells her that he made his mask from a drawing by Donnie, Samantha\'s deceased brother, that she showed him. She asks how he knew her brother\'s name and he responds by saying she told him "when she was dead". Samantha walks away and finds the bodies of two dead boys, Randy\'s little brother and the boy that appeared to Corey, Billy Moorcroft. After telling the police about what she saw, everyone assumes that Justin is responsible. He soon asks Samantha to "show him how" again. The police then take him into custody. That night, Samantha returns to her motel where she finds the dress she saw at the shop, a gift from Jeremy. He asks her to wear it to see the fireworks with him. They go to a remote location and Jeremy sees what he calls tesseracts falling from the sky. He becomes manic and Samantha notes that his rash has gotten much worse. He tries to kiss Samantha but she resists and he eventually pushes her back roughly, killing her. Future Samantha, now identical to regular Samantha, visits Justin in jail. Randy tries to find her as fiery tesseral fall from the sky and eventually finds her where Jeremy left her. Justin approaches and sees his mask, putting it on. Justin then goes back in time. He climbs the windmill that was destroyed at the beginning. Justin believes that his death will prevent the series of events that will lead to the end of the world so he stays on the windmill this time and is killed by the meteorite. It is now the morning after the meteorite landing again. Samantha and Corey visit the site and find the locals are saddened as they take away Justin\'s body. Samantha, never having experienced the events after the meteorite crash, decides to go back home while Corey stays with Randy.'] ["Stressed by marital and alcohol problemas Dr. Ben Cahill freezes up under pressure in the emergency room. He decides to unwind a few months in the house he and his ex bought on Orr island, a fishing community off the coast of Maine. Here he starts examining, at the request ofsheriff Hobbs, some animal and human corpses with strange internal as well as external injuries. The doc observes one of the red cockroaches which recently infest the island has pincers, most unusual, reads up and contacts the university entomology department, where this African species isn't too well-known either. He discovers that these cockroach-like insects that burrow into people and nest inside them."] ["When two men are killed while watching television, Sergeant Peckham is sent from vice squad to homicide to investigate. She has her boyfriend, police psychologist David Stratton assist her. Soon they both become involved with Felicity, an amnesiac who keeps having a recurring nightmare where she kills her lovers. They both soon start to realize Felicity's involvement with their case."] ["Lyn Lesley , the bar singer at New York's McKinley Hotel, wonders if airline pilot Jed Towers  will show up. She had ended their six-month relationship with a letter. When Jed does register at the hotel, she explains that she sees no future with him because he lacks an understanding heart. Meanwhile, elevator operator Eddie  introduces his shy niece, Nell Forbes , to guests Peter  and Ruth Jones  as a babysitter for their daughter Bunny . The Joneses go down a function in the hotel's banquet hall. After the child is put to bed, Nell tries on Ruth's lacy negligee, jewelry, perfume and lipstick. Seeing Nell from his room directly opposite, Jed calls her on the telephone, but she is not interested. When Eddie checks up on Nell, he is appalled to find her wearing Ruth's property and orders her to take them off. Eddie tells her she can obtain such luxuries for herself by finding another boyfriend to replace the one who was killed. After Eddie leaves, Nell invites Jed over.  Nell lies to keep Jed believing that she herself is a guest. She is startled when Jed reveals that he is a pilot. She confides that her boyfriend Philip died while flying an airplane to Hawaii. Bunny comes out and unmasks Nell's charade. Furious, Nell shakes the child and orders her back to bed. Jed comforts the crying Bunny and lets her stay up. When Bunny looks out the open window, however, it appears that Nell is considering pushing her out. Though Jed snatches the girl away, the incident is witnessed by long-term hotel resident Emma Ballew . Nell escorts the child to bed, then accuses Bunny of spying on her and implies that something might happen to her favorite toy if she makes any more trouble. Jed has decided to seek Lyn's forgiveness, but Nell begs him not to leave. As he is fending off a kiss from her, Jed sees scars on her wrists. Nell confesses that after Philip died, she tried to kill herself with a razor. When Eddie checks up on Nell after his shift is over, Nell makes Jed hide in the bathroom. Eddie is irate that Nell is still wearing Ruth's things. He orders her to change clothes, then harshly rubs off her lipstick. This enrages Nell, who accuses Eddie of being just like her repressive parents. Then, when he suspects there is someone in the bathroom, she hits him over the head with a heavy object. While Jed tends to Eddie, Nell goes into Bunny's room. A suspicious Emma Ballew , knocks on the door. Fearing for his job, Eddie persuades Jed to hide behind the door, while he slips into the closet. Jed sneaks into Bunny's room. In the dark, he does not notice that the child is now bound and gagged. When the Ballews see him exit from the door of the adjoining room, they assume that Jed had forced his way in and was holding Nell captive. They alert the hotel detective. Nell, who is now so deluded that she believes Jed is Philip, locks Eddie in the closet and goes into Bunny's room. In the bar, Jed tells Lyn about Nell. Lyn is surprised by his concern. Suddenly realizing that Bunny was on the wrong bed, Jed rushes back up. Ruth Jones arrives first and screams when she enters Bunny's room. The two women grapple. Jed pulls Nell away, but she slips away in the confusion when the hotel detective arrives. Eddie admits that Nell had spent the previous three years in a mental institution following her suicide attempt. In the lobby, Nell steals some razor blades. When she is surrounded, she considers using one. Lyn tries to calm her down. Then Jed persuades her to give him the blade. Nell is taken away by the police. Seeing that Jed does have empathy after all, Lyn reconciles with him."] ["At the start of the movie, they show a search for David, Eve and Raymond's previous adoptive child. They are running, with Raymond yelling for David, then unknown to the viewer as to who he was, and ending with Eve crying, screaming for David. The film tells the story of Abby  and Ethan Snow , who lose their parents in a tragic accident and are adopted by Eve  and Raymond Goode ; two seemingly-ideal parents who have recently lost a child of their own, David. But after they move into the Goode's isolated Spanish style mansion, they are forbidden to leave or make phone calls. Abby notices a lot of strange things; there is a bed in the basement with the name 'David' carved into it and many places they can't go into, like the previous child's room. Ethan gets his own room with a bathroom close to the master bedroom, but Abby gets a bedroom far away, up in the tower of the house. Ethan soon becomes almost deathly ill; and Abby discovers that Eve is poisoning him, and that Eve has done the same to previous foster children who died in her care. Abby makes an attempt to escape, but Eve catches her and locks her in the attic. Their parents' friend Ben Koch  comes over to the house to take the kids to Six Flags, but Raymond tells him that Eve took them to a kids' art exhibition. After a walk through the house, Ben becomes suspicious. Abby manages to escape through a formerly concealed window in the attic. After realizing that Abby had escaped from confinement, Eve then began to pursue her through the house carrying a meat cleaver. During this time the phone rings and Eve and Abby both race to answer it. Eve gets it first and the person on the other line hangs up. It is revealed that it was Ben, seeing if they really were gone. After Abby tries to get away in the car again, she is stopped by Raymond, who Abby knocks out with a wrench. Ben then goes into the house, but is ambushed by Eve, who injects a sedative into his neck. Eve continues to pursue Abby and eventually catches her. She holds her over a railing, but Abby retaliates; kicking her down the stairs. Eve falls to the bottom and it's shown that she is presumably dead. Abby races to find Ethan, who was left in a bathtub by Eve, and is unable to move. With the bathtub filling, Abby pulls Ethan from the bathtub just in time to save his life. Shortly after rescuing Ethan, Eve returns; standing behind Abby with a cleaver. She is just about to kill Abby when Ben enters with a gun. A shot is fired and Eve is killed. It is then revealed that Raymond fired the gun that killed his wife. Raymond is arrested. Ethan is taken to hospital, and the movie ends with Abby sitting with Ben in the ambulance, they exchange a look, and the movie ends. Abby and Ethan presumably end up with Ben."] ['Clinical psychologist Dr. Chris Kelvin is approached by emissaries for DBA, a corporation operating a space station orbiting the planet Solaris, who relay a message sent from his scientist friend Dr. Gibarian. Gibarian requests Chris come to the station to help understand an unusual phenomenon, but is unwilling to explain the exact nature. DBA is unsure how to proceed, as the mission to study Solaris has been sidetracked and none of the astronauts want to return home. In addition, DBA has lost contact with the security patrol recently dispatched to the station. Chris agrees to a solo mission to go to Solaris as a last attempt to recover the crew. Upon arriving at the space station, Chris learns that Gibarian has committed suicide and most of the crew have either died or disappeared under bizarre circumstances. Both surviving crew members, Snow and Dr. Gordon, are reluctant to explain the situation at hand. Alone in his crew quarters, Chris dreams about his dead wife Rheya —reliving when they first met and some of their most romantic and intimate moments. He awakens shocked and terrified to encounter Rheya alive again beside him in bed and leads her into an escape pod and jettisons it into space. Chris confides his actions to Snow and comes to understand that replicas of the crew\'s loved ones have been mysteriously appearing. When Rheya manifests a second time Chris lets her stay, but she admits she doesn\'t feel human; her memories feel artificial, in that she lacks the emotional attachment that comes with actually having lived them. Chris, Rheya, Snow and Gordon meet to discuss the situation and Gordon informs Rheya what Chris did to her previous replica. Rheya leaves the meeting horrified and Chris confronts Gordon, who in turn chastises him for getting emotionally involved with something that isn\'t real and may pose a threat to human beings. Later, during a dream, Chris questions a replica of Gibarian as to what Solaris\' motives are for providing the manifestations, but is told "there are no answers, only choices." Chris wakes to find Rheya dead, having committed suicide by drinking liquid oxygen and, in front of Gordon and Snow, Chris wills her back to a restored state. Gordon reveals that she has an apparatus which can permanently destroy a replica but Chris objects to using it on Rheya. He begins ingesting a chemical stimulant to stay awake in order to monitor Rheya. Chris eventually falls asleep and Rheya approaches Gordon who destroys her with the apparatus as she has done for all replicas who have requested her to do so. Chris confronts Gordon who maintains she merely facilitated in assisted suicide and in her xenophobia she only wants the preservation of the humans. Chris and Gordon then discover the body of Snow stashed away in a ceiling vent and realize that the Snow they have been interacting with is a replica. Snow admits to being a replica and explains that upon being dreamed into existence, he was attacked by his creator and thus killed the \'original Snow\' in self-defense. The Snow replica tells them that repeat usage of the apparatus has drained the ship\'s fuel cell reactor, making a return trip to Earth impossible. Furthermore, Solaris has reacted to the behavior of the humans by increasing its mass, thereby gravitationally pulling the space station toward the planet. Gordon and Chris begin prepping a smaller space vehicle called Athena to escape. Chris is shown pondering his experiences from the space station back on Earth, discontentedly concluding that the reason Rheya\'s replica wanted to die was because he "remembered her wrong"&mdash;as suicidal. One day he cuts his finger while chopping vegetables in his kitchen, but the wound immediately regenerates, just as Rheya\'s replica once did. Then Rheya appears, declaring that they transcend life and death and that all they\'ve done to each other is forgiven. This suggests that Chris isn\'t really on Earth, or that what\'s on Earth isn\'t really Chris. Chris never actually leaves the space station with Gordon: he sends her off alone and stays behind to plummet into Solaris.'] ['Seh-hee and Ji-woo are a young couple two years into their relationship. Though he never acts on his impulses, Ji-woo has something of a roving eye and Seh-hee is intensely jealous and fearful that Ji-woo will soon lose interest and leave her. Believing that Ji-woo is bored with seeing the same, boring her all the time, Seh-hee takes drastic action, leaving him without warning and having drastic cosmetic surgery, taking on a new face, which she hopes to use to snare him again, under an assumed identity, once she has healed. But when Ji-woo shows interest in this new and "improved" Seh-hee, it triggers only more self-doubt and loathing. After all, he may love the ‘new’ girl, but does this mean that he has rejected the old? Seh-hee is utterly trapped in her own insecurities, a situation that prompts Ji-woo to take drastic action of his own.'] ['Jack Cole  was once a government intelligence operative known as "The Glimmer Man," because he could move so quickly and quietly through the jungle that his victims would only see a glimmer before they died. Having left the Glimmer Man job behind him, Cole - steeped in buddhism and not used to working with others - has become a detective with the Los Angeles Police Department. Cole is partnered with Jim Campbell , a tough, no-nonsense cop who has little patience for Cole\'s New Age philosophies and outsider attitude. Cole and Campbell have to set aside their differences when they\'re assigned to track down a serial killer called "The Family Man," for his habit of killing entire households. The Family Man\'s latest victims turn out to be Cole\'s former wife Ellen and her current husband Andrew Dunleavy - and Cole\'s fingerprints are found on Ellen\'s body. Cole and Campbell think that Cole\'s former bosses in the government may somehow be involved in the killings. Cole contacts his friend Smith ([[Brian Cox , unaware that he has been working with local crime boss Frank Deverell . Cole and Campbell receive a tip that leads them to Christopher Maynard , who admits that he committed the Family Man murders that happened before Cole arrived in Los Angeles. Someone else has been committing the more recent murders and making it look like Maynard\'s work. Cole fatally shoots Maynard in self defense. Cole, hoping to get a lead on the new killer, goes to the home of Deverell\'s Russian translator Celia Roslov , who was a victim of the killer. The killer attacks Cole, and later sets Campbell\'s home on fire. Cole and Campbell discover that Deverell\'s stepson Johnny  knows some important information. Johnny tells Cole and Campbell that Deverell\'s right-hand man, Donald Cunningham , is the new killer who has been making his killings look like Maynard\'s work. Johnny also tells them that Smith has been working with Deverell. Cole and Campbell confront Smith, who says that Deverell is smuggling chemical weapons into the USA from Russia, with plans to sell the weapons to a group of Serbian terrorists. Smith made the contacts, with the deal being cut by a group of Russian terrorists known as the Russian Liberation Fighters. The meeting for the deal is scheduled to take place at a downtown welfare hotel. Cole and Campbell storm the hotel, where Cunningham fatally shoots Deverell, and Cole kills Cunningham by throwing him through a window and onto a wrought iron fence below. Campbell, having been shot, tells Cole that, ever since he met him, he\'s been nothing but trouble. Cole says he\'ll keep that in mind, as Campbell is taken away in an ambulance.'] ['{{plot}} A group of old high-school friends, Amy , James , Zach , Lauren , Dan , and his new girlfriend Michelle  go for a weekend cruise on a yacht. Amy and James also bring their baby, Sarah. Dan has arranged the weekend getaway aboard a yacht he pretends to own, but the vessel actually belongs to Dan\'s boss. James, Zach, Lauren, and Michelle jump into the water for a swim. Dan grabs Amy, who is terrified of the water and has been teased about wearing a life vest during the entire cruise, and jumps over the side with her, partly as a prank and partly to force her to go in, in spite of her aquaphobia. However, nobody thought to lower the ladder to re-board the ship, so they find themselves trapped in the water with only two masks, a dive knife, and a toy dolphin float. Unable to climb the high, smooth sides of the boat, or lunge high enough to grab the railing even with support, they tread water for a while, except that Dan\'s girlfriend, Michelle, has the float and Amy is wearing a life vest. Dan takes the dolphin float and attempts to climb onto it, in order to have something to support him as he attempts to lunge high enough. After a couple of attempts, he pops the plastic float, rendering it useless. Now Michelle also has to tread water, and is getting cold and panicky as well. They hear a phone ringing and swim around the boat to see a jacket containing the phone hanging from a railing, with a sleeve dangling in the breeze. One of them is just able to lunge high enough to tug the sleeve and dislodge the jacket. Everyone grabs for the jacket, turning it this way and that, trying to keep the pocket with the phone out of the water. Zach finally gets the phone out of the pocket and answers the call. They all hear a happy birthday song being sung by some well-wishers, but are unable to get the caller\'s attention. The call ends and Zach is unable make an outgoing call. So, in a fit of frustration, assuming that the phone is defective, he throws it angrily into the water. The others are aghast. The group resorts to stripping and using their bathing suits and clothes to make a rope. A speed-boat races by with another group of teenagers on board. They try to attract their attention but the people on the boat think they are only greeting them, and disappear over the horizon. After a couple of attempts they manage to get one end of the rope wrapped around a railing. Instead of having the lightest person climb up, Dan attempts to climb up. He pulls himself up slowly and carefully, and his fingers brush the gunwale but the makeshift rope rips apart because no-one tried to boost him up, leaving a couple of pieces still wrapped around the railing. Now they are mostly naked and have only a partial rope. Meanwhile, James goes underwater, and is fooling around with the prop, perhaps thinking to remove it and use it as a grappling hook, but he drops the knife. He desperately swims down after it and manages to catch it, but now, deep down, his lungs are aching for air and he desperately swims for the surface. As he swims back up in a panic, he smacks his head under the boat, and sinks unconscious into the water. He resurfaces slightly bloodied and with an apparent skull fracture. Zach then tries to use the knife to stab a hole in the hull to make a handhold to help them climb up or to force the ladder down, but Dan, afraid to see an expensive boat he doesn\'t actually own incur damage, reacts without thinking and attempts to stop Zach. During the struggle, Zach is accidentally stabbed in the abdomen. Zach pulls out the knife from his side and drops it. The wound causes a lot of blood in the water. Lauren holds onto Zach for a while trying to comfort him, the remaining clothing is used to stop him bleeding. Suddenly, in a fit of hysteria and fearing to incur attack of sharks attracted by the blood, Michelle begins to swim away, and goes under. Dan swims after her, and sees her lifeless body drifting underwater. He dives after her, but she sinks faster than he can swim down, and her body disappears into the depths. After some time, at the end of his forces, Zach tells Lauren that he never told her that she looked really good one time on the beach. She holds him and begins crying and tells him that he will be able to tell her and see her when they get back to shore. He eventually dies as he did not leave the knife in to plug the wound, and she reluctantly lets go of his body which floats, face down. As the day progresses, Lauren says she refuses to die treading water and attempts to swim back to shore to find help. She is never seen again. Later that night, as it rains, James dies from his cranial injury. Dan unsuccessfully searches underwater for the knife . He slams his mask on the hull in frustration and the lens pops out. Remembering the attempt with the knife, Dan uses it to wedge in the crevice of the side door for the ladder, giving him a handhold. Amy climbs over his shoulders, finally stepping onto his hand wrapped around the lens, and manages to grab the gunwale and pull herself back on board. Once on board, she lowers the ladder for Dan and tends to her baby, Sarah. Instead of going up the ladder, Dan, racked by guilt, decides to swim off and let himself drown. Earlier, he had been screaming "it should have been me". Amy later sees him drowning slowly, throws in a life ring and then jumps in to save him, all the while vividly recalling her childhood inability to save her father from drowning. The scene ends inconclusively with a shot of Amy\'s father lying dead on the seabed, followed by a whiteout. The penultimate scene takes place at an unspecified time, on a clear calm day. A fishing boat approaches the yacht, seeing the lowered ladder and life ring still floating in the water&nbsp;– no one had pulled them in. The yacht appears empty except for the sound of baby Sarah crying on the lower deck. In the final scene, on the upper deck, in slow motion, a quiet Amy stands looking around; she looks at Dan, who is lying face down on the deck. While the ending caused some confusion among viewers, the film\'s director has indicated that five out of the six adults die, and Lauren just drifted to an unknown island. The German version of the movie shows Dan lying motionless, face down on the deck, such that it is unclear if he is alive. Captions at the end tell viewers that Dan, Amy, and the baby survived, but that Dan and Amy never see each other again.'] ['LAPD detective Sgt. Lloyd Hopkins  discovers the brutal murder of a young woman. Her body hangs over her bed, and her blood is splattered all over her apartment. Hopkins notices a great deal of feminist literature with titles like Rage in the Womb on her bookshelf. He also sees two classified ads for anonymous sexual encounters. When he returns home, his 8-year old daughter wakes up and begs him for a story. He launches into a profane description of one of his cases, much to the girl\'s delight. His wife orders him to stop, and they have an argument over the inappropriateness of his stories. Frustrated, he calls up his buddy Dutch Pelz , and they go on a stakeout, which culminates with Hopkins shooting the suspect. Hopkins asks Dutch to stay at the scene and file the paperwork so that he can take the suspect\'s voluptuous girlfriend home and have sex with her. Hopkins tracks down Joanie Pratt  through the classified ads at the victim\'s apartment. Pratt is a washed-out actress who sells drugs and works as an escort to get by. She also hosts swinger parties, and the victim was planning on attending one of the parties to research a book. Back at the station, Hopkins opens a letter that was sent to the victim. It is a poem written in blood, which refers to "all the rest", making Hopkins think he is hunting a serial killer. He asks Dutch to get him all the files for unsolved murders of single women in the past 15 years. When he returns home, he finds a note from his wife explaining that she has taken their daughter and left. Pratt phones Hopkins, and he goes over to her place to have sex. After narrowing down the unsolved murders to a few cases, Hopkins summons Deputy Sheriff Delbert "Whitey" Haines  to a meeting and brusquely interrogates him about two suicides that took place on June 10 a year apart on his beat. Hopkins goes to Haines\' apartment and discovers a wiretap which has captured Haines dealing drugs. In the process of canvassing feminist bookstores for leads, Hopkins visits one run by Kathleen McCarthy  who agrees to accompany him to a party at Dutch\'s house. Over the course of the evening, culminating in a long conversation back at McCarthy\'s house, she reveals a high school trauma where she was gang raped by a group of boys who were hostile towards her feminist poetry club. She reveals to Hopkins that an anonymous suitor has sent her flowers and a poem every year. Looking through her old yearbook, Hopkins is stunned to find a picture of Whitey and a male prostitute nicknamed Birdman whose name was mentioned on the surveillance tapes made at Whitey\'s apartment. When Birdman turns up dead in a motel room, the wall is smeared with blood, and the motto from McCarthy\'s high school is written in the stains. Hopkins returns to Whitey\'s apartment and surprises him as he comes home, carrying Birdman\'s police file. Whitey claims Birdman is his snitch, but Hopkins knows that Whitey was running drugs and male prostitutes through Birdman. He puts a gun to Whitey\'s head and gets him to confess to raping McCarthy with Birdman in high school. Whitey offers information on police corruption to get off the hook. Then, he tries to surprise Hopkins with a shotgun, but Hopkins kills him. Dutch tells Hopkins to lay low while the mess he has created is sorted out. Pratt invites Hopkins over for sex, but when he gets there, she has been murdered and placed on the stove in the position that she last had sex with Hopkins. At the station, Hopkins and Dutch get McCarthy to go through the yearbook against a cross-reference of suspects. They are interrupted by their superior who suspends Hopkins. When Hopkins returns to the interrogation room, he sees that McCarthy has run to a phone booth across the street. She calls Bobby Franco, who was in the poetry club with her, warning him that Hopkins is dangerous and will suspect that he is the killer. She realized Franco has sent her the poems every year, and she refuses to believe that he could be a murderer. When Hopkins grabs the phone, she hears Franco threaten him and realizes that he is in fact the killer. Franco and Hopkins agree to meet at the high school, where they have a shootout in the gym. When Franco runs out of bullets, he taunts Hopkins, believing that he has to arrest him because he is a cop. Hopkins tells Franco "Well there\'s some good news and there\'s some bad news. The good news is you\'re right I\'m a cop and I have to take you in. The bad news is I\'ve been suspended and I don\'t give a fuck!", and he shoots Franco three times.'] ["Jimmy Starks  is a smooth-talking salesman certain he’s on the verge of a big break, but when his car stalls in the middle of nowhere, a soothsayer named Vacaro  turns his world upside down. Slick salesman Jimmy Starks  has auto problems in a small New Mexico town and while his car is in the shop he visits low-rent fortune teller Vacaro  to pass the time. The supposed seer tells him he will have good fortune soon, but looking deeper relates the information that his future is blank, and he is safe only until the first snow of winter beyond which there is no future to foretell. The act upsets Jimmy and rekindles old transgressions and makes him feel he is on a collision course with destiny especially when an old friend Vincent  returns from a jail sentence that he went to in Jimmy's place after a bad business deal. Jimmy becomes obsessed with knowing more of his future and re-visits Vacaro but the old man can only tell the salesman that he has related to him all he can see. Jimmy feels that Vincent has returned to kill him and that he must do something to change the course of his future but Vacaro convinces him to accept his fate."] ['One evening, Cleveland Heep , who became a handyman at a Philadelphia apartment complex after his family was murdered, discovers Story , a naiad-like character  from the Blue World, in his building\'s pool, immediately rescuing her from an attack by a "Scrunt,"<ref namehttp://www.mnightfans.com/ladyinthewater/mythology.php |title2009-10-11 |workhttp://web.archive.org/web/20080505224312/http://www.mnightfans.com/ladyinthewater/mythology.php |archivedate=2008-05-05 }} a grass-covered lupine that lies preternaturally flat. Story is here to find a specific writer whose book will better humanity\'s future. After questioning residents Farber , Bell , Dury ([[Jeffrey Wright , and five nameless smokers, Heep discovers the author, Vick Ran , who is writing The Cookbook, containing views and ideas so significant they will inspire a future President, a great Midwestern orator, to greatly change the world for the better. Ran meeting Story eliminates his fear and sharpens his inner voice, but he learns he will be assassinated due to the controversial nature of his ideas. The Tartutic, an invincible simian trio that serve as the Blue World\'s peacekeepers, have forbidden that Story be attacked while returning home. The Scrunt nonetheless does just that, as Story is destined to be a great leader as well. To return safely, she will now need the help of a Symbolist, Guardian, Guild, and Healer. Story believes Heep to be her Guardian; Heep asks Farber, a West Coast émigré turned film critic, to help him figure out the others\' identities. Working off movie tropes, Farber misadvises Heep, leading him to a flawed conclusion that a logophile named Dury is the Symbolist, a group of misfit "tokers" are the Guild, and a woman who cares for stray animals named Bell is the Healer. Heep asks Story how to "practice" for the confrontation but nearly dies in the process, convincing him he\'s not the Guardian. The next night, Farber\'s bad advice leads to their plan\'s immediate failure. In the confusion, Farber is killed and Story is mortally wounded by the Scrunt. Dury suddenly realizes his son Joey  is the Symbolist. Interpreting the information on cereal boxes, Joey deduces the true Guild is composed of seven sisters, that two new men must be present, and that the Healer is male, soon revealed to be Heep. He goes about healing Story by "bringing forth [his] energy" . Story\'s departure starts again, but the Scrunt attacks; it is stopped by the gaze of Reggie ([[Freddy Rodriguez , a lopsidedly muscled tenant who is the true Guardian. Reggie\'s gaze, capable of compelling the Scrunt to slowly retreat, is distracted by the cry of the Great Eatlon, a giant eagle who will ferry Story home. When Reggie breaks eye contact, the Scrunt leaps, but is seized by the Tarturic and dragged away. Heep thanks Story for saving his life as she hugs him goodbye. The Great Eatlon lands, enfolds Story in one of its wings, and takes flight. Each tenant watches as she is ferried into the storm.'] ['Abandoned by her husband and trapped in a malaise that has left her depressed and indifferent to her surroundings, recovering drug addict Kathy Nicolo , living alone in a small house near San Francisco, ignores eviction notices erroneously sent to her for nonpayment of county taxes. Assuming the misunderstanding was cleared up months ago, she is surprised when Sheriff\'s Deputy Lester Burdon  arrives to forcibly evict her from her house. Telling Kathy that her home is to be auctioned off, Burdon feels sympathy for her, helps her move out and advises her to seek legal assistance to regain her house. Immigrant Massoud Amir Behrani , a former colonel in the Iranian military who fled his homeland with his family, now lives in San Francisco working multiple menial jobs. Living beyond his means, he maintains the façade of a respectable businessman so as not to shame his wife Nadereh , son Esmail  and married daughter Soraya. Seeing the auction of Kathy\'s house in the newspaper, he buys it for a quarter of its actual value intending to improve and sell the house and use the profits to secure his family\'s future. While driving by, Kathy is angered to see her house being renovated and confronts the construction workers, injuring her foot. Nadereh and Esmail treat her wound, but her jealousy at seeing how the Behranis have settled in only makes her more determined to get her house back. Taking Lester\'s advice, Kathy finds an attorney who assures her that because of the county\'s mistake, they will return Massoud\'s money and the house will be restored to her. Massoud, having already spent money on improving the house, is unwilling to accept anything less than the much higher appraised value of the property, which the county refuses to pay. Informed that her only option is to sue the county, Kathy instead tries to convince Massoud to sell back the house for what he paid by telling him she and her brother inherited it from their father. Massoud refuses and angrily manhandles Kathy back into her car. Desperate for help and a place to stay, Kathy seeks Lester out and enters his private life; the two begin an affair and eventually he abandons his wife and children and becomes her protector. Lester confronts Massoud under a pseudonym, threatening to have him deported if he refuses to resell the house back to the county. Massoud reports this to the police and identifies Lester from a photo, resulting in a reprimand by Internal Affairs, and furiously warns Kathy to back off. Now aware that Lester is in trouble, Kathy calls her brother Frank, but he is unwilling to help her. Despondent, Kathy attempts suicide outside her old house, but Massoud finds her and brings her inside the house. Kathy again tries to kill herself with pills, but Nadereh saves her by inducing her to vomit. As she and her husband carry Kathy to the bedroom, Lester breaks into the house, sees Kathy unconscious, and locks the Behranis in their own bathroom, refusing to let them out until Massoud agrees to relinquish the house. Massoud eventually offers to sell the house back to the county for the price he paid and will give Kathy the money in exchange for her putting the house in his name. Lester agrees to take Massoud and Esmail to the county office to finalize the transaction, while Kathy reluctantly goes along with the plan. Outside the office, Lester begins to manhandle Massoud and Esmail seizes Lester\'s gun and aims it at him. Massoud grabs hold of Lester and screams for help, drawing the attention of nearby police officers who misinterpret the situation and shoot Esmail instead of Lester. Massoud is arrested but is released after Lester confesses and is imprisoned. After his release, Massoud rushes to the hospital only to find his son did not survive. Massoud, distraught and grief-stricken after the loss of his son, goes home and kills Nadereh by lacing her tea with a lethal dose of medication. He then dons his old military uniform, tapes a plastic dust cover over his head, and asphyxiates himself beside Nadereh\'s body whilst clutching her hand. Kathy eventually finds the couple and frantically attempts to revive Massoud with CPR but she is too late. As the bodies of Massoud and Nadereh are taken away by paramedics, a policeman asks Kathy if the house is hers. After a long pause, she quietly replies "no".'] ["The film opens with a fire. Lyle Wilder  is a decorated Los Angeles firefighter who saved an Afro-American baby's life in a crack house fire. He was honored for his bravery. However, Lyle Wilder is a psychopath, who had his wife, Marge and son, Kenny  leave him because of his violent tendencies. He believes that the neighbors (Mare Winningham and [[David Andrews  and their two children  are to blame for them leaving by manipulating his wife. Lyle began to hurt their children. Lyle also terrorizes Reese and Catherine Braverton. He does not excuse any accidents made by the Bravertons' two children, Zach and Chelsea. Lyle continues thinking that the Bravertons are his enemies. In flashbacks, it shows his violent tendencies, like playing Russian roulette with his wife and he being angry on his son's birthday . In another flashback, it is shown that Lyle left the mother of the baby to die in the fire because he considered her negligent. Lyle still loves his wife and wants to ruin the Bravertons' life, because of their happiness. One day, the Bravertons' refrigerator malfunctions, and they call a repairman who gets the wrong address. The repairman, Ron, arrives at Lyle's house, who makes racist remarks . A slanging match ensues a fight, which ends with Ron's death; his mouth is superglued shut to silence his screams. During this time, the Bravertons report Lyle to the police for threatening them. Officers Al Calavito and Sandy Tierra respond to the call. Because of Lyle's decorated status, Calavito and Tierra doubt the Bravertons. When they go to see Lyle, Lyle tells them that the Bravertons are lying and that Reese beats Catherine. After Lyle breaks into the Bravertons' house again, Calavito and Tierra search Lyle's house. Tierra discovers the repairman's body while Lyle attacks and murders Calavito, by slamming a fireman's axe into his torso. Sandy overhears the struggle and goes to help Calavito, but she is also killed by having her neck broken . Later, Reese goes over to talk to Lyle, who savagely beats him. After tying him up, Lyle throws Reese through the Bravertons' kitchen window. Lyle begins to play Russian roulette with the Bravertons, explaining how his late father taught him its history  prior to his luck in roulette expiring. Zack stabs Lyle with a pocket knife, which only makes Lyle angrier. Catherine tries to talk to Lyle, pretending to be his ex-wife. While he is confused, Reese attacks Lyle from behind. After a brief fight, Lyle  is shot by Catherine . As he dies, Lyle stares at the engraving his wife inscribed on his watch . The film ends with the Bravertons spending some time as a family, trying not to notice a billboard displaying Lyle representing L.A.'s fire department."] ['Police psychologists review recordings of a man , who states his name as Detective David Fisk, the "Poetry Boy" killer. The Poetry Boy earned the moniker for his modus operandi of murdering criminals and leaving short poems with their bodies. Fisk reveals that he looks up to his partner of almost 30 years, Tom Cowan , and considers him to be his role model of how a cop should be. Pacino\'s character is known by the nickname "Rooster" and De Niro\'s by "Turk," and they are referred as such outside of the recordings. These recordings provide a narrative, and the film opens with the tenth victim, a drug dealer named Robert "Rambo" Brady . Turk and Rooster investigate the murder with the less-experienced Detectives Corelli , Perez , and Riley . When they find a poem on the body, they link it to the Poetry Boy. As Poetry Boy murders acquitted rapist Jonathan Van Luytens and Father Connell, a Catholic priest and child molester , tension builds between Turk, Corelli, and Perez. Turk is now living with Corelli, who happens to be Perez\'s ex-girlfriend. Poetry Boy assaults an attempted fourteenth victim, Russian mobster Yevgeny Magulat, but when he is found to not have died, he attacks Perez and Corelli. Perez and Riley suspect Turk of being Poetry Boy due to his markmanship skills and psych evaluations, so they arrange a secretly supervised meeting between Turk and a drug dealer Marcus "Spider" Smith  . However, Turk proves his innocence during an encounter with this drug dealer as he has the "wrong" gun and humiliating but obviously inappropriate poem. After Perez and Riley leave the scene unsatisfied, Rooster kills Spider. During this scrape Rooster inadvertently drops his diary. Turk stumbles upon and reads Rooster\'s journal, Rooster claims Spider as Poetry Boy\'s fourteenth victim. Rooster puts Turk in front of a video camera and forces him to read the journal. At this point, it is realized that the recordings from the film\'s beginning and therefore the narration merely set Turk up as a red herring, and Rooster is the actual Poetry Boy. Turk\'s name is actually Tom Cowan, and Rooster\'s David Fisk. It turns out that Rooster lost his faith in justice when Turk, an otherwise "righteous" cop, planted a gun at the house of acquitted child molester and murderer Charles Randall , convicting him. This leads him to taking justice into his own hands. When Turk finishes, he chases Rooster to a construction site. Rooster fires aimlessly to convince Turk to report that the Poetry Boy is assaulting a police officer, resisting arrest, and fleeing, but Turk resists. When Rooster takes aim at Turk, Turk fires, striking Rooster in the chest. He calls for an ambulance, however Rooster begs him to withdraw the ambulance. After some hesitation, Turk calls off the ambulance, allowing Rooster to bleed to death. He is last shown coaching a Police Athletic League baseball team as Corelli looks on.'] ["The film begins with a pre-credit sequence set in the 1800s, in which Pierre, a phrenologist , robs the grave of the recently buried Marquis de Sade. He takes the Marquis' severed head and sets about boiling it to remove its flesh, leaving the skull; before the task is done, Pierre himself has met an unseen and horrific death. The story then moves to the modern day. Christopher Maitland , a collector and writer on the occult, is offered the skull by Marco , an unscrupulous dealer in antiques and curiosities. Maitland learns that the skull has been stolen from Sir Matthew Phillips , a friend and fellow collector. Sir Matthew, however, does not want to recover it, having escaped its evil influence. He warns Maitland of its powers. At his sleazy lodgings Marco dies in mysterious circumstances; Maitland finds his body and takes possession of the skull. He in turns falls victim as the skull drives him to hallucinations, madness and death."] ['Zach Riley  is a psychiatrist who leaves a job at a prestigious university to take up a job at the privately run mental institution, \'Millwood\', belonging to Dr. Reed . What he doesn’t reveal at the time of his appointment is that this was the very place where his novelist father, T.L. Pierson , spent many years of his life as he battled chronic depression. T.L. later wrote a popular children’s classic, Neverwas, about a child  who enters a secret world to free a captive king. T.L. later committed suicide; Riley, who found the body, has always partly blamed himself for his father\'s death. Riley is assigned to work with a schizophrenic patient, Gabriel Finch , and soon realizes that Finch sees himself as the captive king. As he listens to Finch and resumes his acquaintance with childhood friend Maggie Paige, he realizes that more things link him to the book -- and also to Finch\'s recovery -- than he ever thought. T.L.\'s novel was based on Finch\'s stories, told to him by Finch while both were patients in the hospital. Finch believes that the book is a sort of oracle confirming his personal reality, and that Riley is the boy hero. Riley comes to see himself this way in a sense, as he discovers that Finch\'s "hallucination" concerns actual places and events. Neverwas  - Overview New York Times.Promotional film on NeverwasReview: Neverwas cinematical.com. Jul 3rd 2007. Owing to the theme of a fairy tale which is based on real events, it has often been compared with Finding Neverland .Neverwas  -vs- Finding Neverland Review by Bryce Zabel.'] ["In Berlin, the pederast serial killer Gabriel Engel, who later admitted to brutally killing 13 boys and painted impressive religious works of art with their blood, is accidentally taken during an overnight operation. Commissioner Seiler is charged with the interrogation of the murderer. In the small village of Herzbach, memories of the unsolved murder of 12-year-old Lucy are still alive and the crime is attributed to Engel. Michael Martens, a police officer from Herzbach, decides to travel to Berlin to talk with Engel. During the case, he neglected his wife and children. In Berlin, it is assumed that there are parallels between the murders. The Berlin police are no longer able to get information from Engel. Martens tries his luck, and manages to persuade Engel to talk. However, Engel is playing a game with Martens during which reality and fiction blend more and more. Martens is soon convinced that the murderer of the girl is still at large. Martens, a devout Catholic, slowly begins to explore his dark side and begins a brief affair with a woman from the city. After Engel has ingested poison which he acquired through bribery, he has 48 hours to live. Finally, Engel tells Martens the story of the murder of Lucy, which he claims to have not committed, but only observed. He tries to throw suspicion on Martens' difficult 13-year-old son. The desperate Martens then decides to kill his son, but in the meantime, Commissioner Seiler finds out that Engel has committed suicide and that Martens has been tricked by Engel as a means to kill beyond the grave. Luckily, Seiler is able to find Marten before he goes through with it and saves him and his son."] ["During the 1986 Surya Grahan, young Naina Shah, while traveling in the backseat of her England-based dad's car, is struck by glass from the shattered windshield during an accident, and loses her eyesight. Her parents do not survive, and she is brought up by her paternal grandmother. Years later, Naina gets a successful cornea transplant, and is able to see. She complains of vision problems, seeing hooded persons, and people dying, which a psychiatrist, Samir Patel, diagnoses as hallucinations. But when Naina reports seeing someone else in her mirror reflection, Sameer decides to investigate who the original cornea actually belonged to. This investigation will lead them to an impoverished village in New Bhuj, Gujarat, where she will find her life endangered by hostile villagers who believe that the donor of her cornea was cursed."] ['Karl Guenther  is a conscientious landlord who looks out for his young and attractive tenants. Jessica , the rising young soap opera star, Harriet , a sensuous and vivacious secretary, Sophie , an accomplished pianist who enjoys wild affairs with her boyfriend, and Lori , a young college student who has just moved in a recently "vacated" apartment: all live in Karl\'s well kept apartments. The only discord is the "tap, tap, tap" sound at night from the crawlspace above their rooms. Karl tells them it\'s only rats, but in reality it is Karl spying on them. One by one, the tenants , become his victims ...each one put to a gruesome test. Only Lori remains alive to disclose the diabolical Karl and she enters the crawlspace—she is alone with a madman capable of anything.'] ['Ten years after a tragic train accident killed his girlfriend, Josh finds himself haunted by disturbing visions from somewhere between the world of the living and the dead—haunting memories that keep him from moving on. His buddy, back in town for their high school reunion, tries to wake Josh from his painful past, but a mysterious young waitress offers a seductive alternative.'] ['The story follows lonely introvert Mason, a telesales insurance company worker by day and talented painter as well as a lover of classic Jazz by night. His only friend is his boss, Berkeley , who keeps an eye on him and humors his bizarre behavior. When awkward Mason meets social Amber, a new co worker, he begins to come out of himself, and reveals the depth and darkness of his mind.'] ['The plot concerns a doctor at a run-down psychiatric hospital, who is offered a large sum of money to shelter a new patient. Soon the place is full of suspicious and secretive characters, all apparently international secret agents trying to find out who and what the patient is.'] ['Karen McCann  is happily married to Mack  and has two daughters, 17-year-old Julie   and six-year-old Megan . She lives in a nice house in Santa Monica, California and has a good job in a museum. However, her world is shattered when Julie is violently raped and murdered. Detective Sergeant Joe Denillo  assures Karen there is enough DNA evidence to help catch the killer. He also encourages her and her husband to seek counseling. At a support group they meet people in similar circumstances, including Albert and Regina Gratz , and Sidney Hughes . During the meeting, Karen overhears Albert talking to Sidney about something which alarms Regina. The next day Denillo tells Karen DNA tests have revealed the killer as Robert Doob , a delivery man with a criminal record. At the trial it is clear Doob is guilty, but because the defense was promised, but did not receive, a sample of the DNA to perform their own tests, the judge  dismisses the case. Karen and Mack are dumbstruck as Doob walks free. Mack is desperate to return to a normal life, but Karen cannot stop thinking of Doob. She finds that he lives in a flophouse, then keeps detailed records of his movements, stalking him. After observing Doob while he is urinating on a customer\'s lawn after a delivery she goes to Denillo — but he tells her there\'s no evidence of intent. Karen attempts to warn the delivery customer, but the woman only speaks Spanish and does not understand her. Karen later learns that the murderer of the son of a member of her support group has been killed in a drive-by shooting, just days after being released from prison. Angel , also in the self-help group, tells Karen the best way to get over her grief is to focus on the good times with her living daughter — and Karen realizes she has been so fixated on Doob that Megan has been deprived of her attention. Meanwhile, Doob has gone to Megan\'s school and struck up a conversation with the girl during recess. When Karen comes to pick up Megan, Doob deliberately intimidates her. Worried for Megan’s safety, Karen remembers what happened to the killer of her friend\'s son and approaches Sidney, who admits the drive-by shooting was set up by him and Martin. Karen demands their help and they agree to find a weapon, train her, and plan the murder, but tell her she has to carry it out. Karen agrees and they begin plotting. She also joins a self-defense class which helps her gain more confidence, helps rekindle her sex life with Mack, and improves her relationship with Megan. Karen feels encouraged and, although Martin doubts Karen is capable of murder, Sidney gives her a gun. The next day, Angel reveals that she is really an undercover FBI Agent investigating vigilante activity. Angel warns Karen not to kill Doob, as Karen would spend the rest of her life in prison. Karen calls Sidney to tell him she cannot go through with it. However, she soon changes her mind when she learns the Hispanic customer she tried to warn about Doob has been raped and murdered, in the same way Julie had been. Hearing Doob has again gotten off on a technicality bolsters her resolve. Karen sets a trap to lure Doob into her home, so that she can say killing him was self-defense. It works. After she shoots Doob dead and calls the police. Denillo arrives and tells Karen that he knows the truth and that she hasn\'t fooled him, to which she replies "prove it". He decides to tell his colleague that it was a "clear case of self-defense". When her husband arrives, he sits beside her, holding her hand, knowing what she has done.'] ['Rosemary Woodhouse , a bright but somewhat naive young housewife, and Guy , her husband and a struggling actor, move into the Bramford, a Gothic Revival 19th century New York City apartment building. Their neighbors, Minnie and Roman Castevet , are an elderly and slightly eccentric couple who tend to be meddlesome but appear to be harmless. Rosemary meets a young woman, Terry Gionoffrio  in the basement laundry room, and Terry tells her she has been taken in and helped by the Castevets after having slept on the streets and doing drugs. She says Roman and Minnie have been like grandparents to her. As Rosemary admires a pendant necklace the Castevets gave to Terry, she remarks on the strange smell which seems to be coming from the pendant, and Terry tells her it is from some kind of root. Returning home one night, Guy and Rosemary see a commotion and police on the street outside the Bramford; Terry has thrown herself to her death from the window of the Castevets\' seventh-floor apartment. Minnie and Roman arrive, shocked by what has happened, and Rosemary tries to console them by telling them how highly Terry had spoken of them when they\'d met in the laundry room. A short while after Terry\'s death, Minnie invites Rosemary and Guy to dinner, and though they are reluctant to go, they ultimately do, and Guy forms a bond with the Castavets . Minnie also gives Rosemary the pendant which had belonged to Terry, telling her it is a good luck charm and the odd smell is from a plant called "tannis root". Guy lands a role in a play when the actor who was originally cast suddenly and inexplicably goes blind. Soon afterward, Guy suggests that he and Rosemary have the child they had planned. On the night they planned to try to conceive, Minnie brings them individual ramekins of chocolate mousse. Rosemary finds hers has a chalky under-taste and surreptitiously throws it away after a few mouthfuls. Shortly afterwards, she has a dizzy spell and passes out. Rosemary experiences what she perceives to be a strange dream in which there is a group of naked people in their bedroom  and then she is raped by a demonic presence. The dream is so vivid that she exclaims near the end, "This is no dream — this is really happening!" When she wakes, she finds scratches on her body, and her husband tells her that he had intercourse with her while she was unconscious because he did not want to pass up the moment for her to conceive. A few weeks later, Rosemary learns that she is pregnant and is due on June 28, 1966. She plans to receive obstetric care from Dr. Hill , recommended to her by her friend Elise , but the Castevets insist she see their good friend, famed obstetrician Dr. Abraham Sapirstein  who says that Minnie will make Rosemary a daily drink which is more healthy than the usual vitamin pills. For the first three months of her pregnancy, Rosemary suffers severe abdominal pains, loses weight, becomes unusually pale and craves raw meat and chicken liver. The doctor insists the pain will subside soon and assures her she has nothing to worry about. When her old friend Hutch ([[Maurice Evans  sees Rosemary\'s gaunt appearance and hears that she is consuming the mysterious "tannis root" on a daily basis in Minnie\'s health drink, he is disturbed enough to do some research. On the day Hutch plans to share his findings with her, he mysteriously falls into a coma a few hours before their meeting, and dies three months later. After briefly regaining consciousness before his death, he has instructed the doctor to have a book about witchcraft, which he had left on his desk, be given to Rosemary. Grace Cardiff, a friend of his, decides to have the book delivered to Rosemary at Hutch\'s funeral along with the cryptic message: "the name is an anagram". At the Castevets\' New Year\'s Eve party, Roman raises an equally cryptic toast: "To 1966: the Year One." Rosemary sees that Hutch has marked photographs and passages in the book. Using the clue given to her in the cryptic message, Rosemary deduces that Roman Castevet is really Steven Marcato, the son of Adrian Marcato, a former resident of the Bramford who was accused of being a witch and of worshiping Satan, and was a martyr to the cause. Rosemary suspects her neighbors are part of a cult with sinister designs on her baby, and that Guy is cooperating with them in exchange for their help in advancing his career. She deduces that Dr. Sapirstein is also part of the conspiracy when his receptionist comments that the smell coming from the good luck charm given to Rosemary by the Castevets reminds her of a fragrance often used by the doctor. Rosemary becomes increasingly disturbed and shares her fears and suspicions with Dr. Hill, who, assuming she is delusional, calls Dr. Sapirstein and Guy. They tell her that if she cooperates, neither she nor the baby will be harmed. The two men bring Rosemary home, at which point she briefly escapes them by spilling the contents of her purse, then hijacking the elevator as they gather the contents from the floor. They pursue her to the apartment, where Rosemary locks the door. A few moments later, they enter the bedroom, having somehow gained access. Rosemary goes into labor and is sedated by Dr. Sapirstein. When she awakens, she is told the baby died; however, she hears an infant\'s cries somewhere in the building, and suspects he is still alive. In the hall closet, Rosemary discovers a secret door leading into the Castevet apartment where the coven meets , and finds the congregation gathered around her newborn son. Seeing the disturbing appearance of her baby\'s eyes and demanding to know what had caused the deformity, Rosemary is then told that Guy is not the baby\'s father. The revelation that the baby, named Adrian, is actually the spawn of Satan horrifies Rosemary, who spits in Guy\'s face when he approaches her. Roman urges Rosemary to become a mother to her son, and tells her she does not have to join the coven if she does not want to. The film ends with her adjusting her son\'s blankets and gently rocking his cradle.'] ['In this adaptation of Robert Cormier\'s novel, 14-year-old Adam Farmer  seeks to unearth the many secrets locked in his subconscious. Adam\'s journey through his mind is paralleled with a bike trip to Rutterburg, Vermont, with a package for his father. As he travels through several small towns, he starts to remember past events from his life. Adam\'s trip is prompted by a call from his girlfriend, Amy , who says her father met a reporter from Adam\'s alleged hometown of Rawlings, Pennsylvania, and the reporter had never heard of anyone named Farmer living there. Suspicious, Adam begins spying on his parents and finds two birth certificates with his name on them, but with different birthdates - Feb. 14  and July 14 . Adam confronts his father, who admits some shocking truths. Adam\'s real name is Paul Delmonte and the family was forced to relocate in a Witness Protection-type program after his father testified in state and federal trials against corrupt government officials. In reality, Adam is not biking to Vermont; he is riding in circles around the psychiatric facility where he has been held for the past three years, and the people he meets along the way are patients and workers at the facility. His "journey" is a quest to discover the whereabouts of his parents, who mysteriously disappeared . The memories Adam recounts are documented in "psychiatric sessions," which are, in fact, interviews to determine whether or not he knows more about his father\'s involvement with the government than he\'s telling. Adam\'s final interview ends with two possible outcomes, neither of which bode well for the boy: "Terminating" him or continuing to questioning him until he dies.'] ['Christopher , a Victorian era American journalist, is traveling through Japan looking for Komomo , a lost girlfriend whom he had promised to rescue from prostitution and bring to America. Landing on an island populated solely by whores and their masters, he is solicited by a syphilitic tout . She claims no knowledge of Komomo, but Christopher has to spend the night, requesting the company of a girl  lurking back in the shadows, who joins him in his room. Disfigured and disturbed, the girl claims a closer connection with the dead than the living. She tells him that Komomo was there, but hanged herself after her love never came for her. Distraught, Christopher seeks solace in sake. Falling asleep, he requests a bedtime story. The girl recounts her past &mdash; her mother, a midwife, was forced to sell her to a brothel after her father died, and eventually she wound up on the island. Komomo was the most popular girl there, making the others jealous. When the Madam\'s jade ring was stolen, Komomo was tortured to confess. After suffering hideously &mdash; underarms burned, needles driven under fingernails and into gums &mdash; she killed herself in shame and torment. Christopher refuses to believe the girl\'s story, and he pleads for the whole truth. The girl starts again, in the second telling, her family is no longer happy nor loving; her father was an alcoholic, her mother an abortionist. She was taken in by a Buddhist priest, who, presumably, molested her and inspired an obsession with hell. Her father never died of lung disease &mdash; she beat him to death for raping her. Again she tells of being sold into prostitution, but gives a new version of the dark fate of Christopher\'s beloved Komomo. Despite the kindness of Komomo, who befriended her, the disfigured girl stole the jade ring and planted Komomo\'s hairpin to frame her &mdash; and after Komomo was tortured, killed her. She explains to Christopher that she intended to save Komomo from hell: as Komomo would be doomed for having such an evil friend, only through betrayal could she sever the friendship and ensure Komomo a deservedly beautiful afterlife. Christopher, losing control, is desperately convinced something has been left out. He begs for the whole truth. The woman then reveals a horrifying secret: a tiny second head in the center of a hand hidden beneath her hair &mdash; her "Little Sis", a parasitic twin. Her mother and father had been brother and sister, "Little Sis" was the fruit of their incest. It was "Little Sis" who commanded her to kill her father, and to steal the ring. As the hand begins to talk like Komomo in a high-pitched voice, Christopher is overcome by madness and threatens to shoot her and send her to hell. She informs him that wherever he goes, he will be in hell - a flashback implies that he was responsible for his sister\'s death. He shoots the girl in the heart and then the head. Before dying, the girl\'s body turns into Komomo. The epilogue finds Christopher in a Japanese prison serving time for the murder of the girl. He is fed from a bucket containing aborted foetuses, and cradles the bucket singing a lullaby, kept company only by the ghosts of Komomo and his younger sister.'] ["A burglar, Scott Muller , teams up with Buddy Calamara , a valet in a high society restaurant. While Buddy keeps an eye on a rich couple, Scott robs the couple's home. One night, one of the items he takes is the wife's ([[Barbara Williams  diary. Scott begins to read the diary and discovers that the wife, Mickey, an interior designer, yearns for a more interesting life. He quickly becomes infatuated with her. The diary is full of her fantasies and dreams, and soon Scott plans to turn these into reality. While Mickey's husband, children's book author Ray Davis , gets too involved in his work and neglects his wife's needs, Scott uses his inside knowledge to seduce her, using the pretext of needing someone to redesign his apartment, and posing as a school supply company CEO. The forbidden romance soon blossoms into a passionate sexual relationship. Ray becomes suspicious of Scott's relationship with Mickey and turns angry when confronted by Mickey herself with the reason for the downfall of the couple's relationship. One night, during one robbery, Buddy kills a policeman who spotted them. After this, Scott becomes more and more tense when Mickey starts asking questions about him and his past. Meanwhile, Ray decides to follow Scott with his friend and publisher Marty Morrison  and starts snooping around the building used by the robbers, and finds out Scott is the thief that stole his belongings. Buddy sees Ray and goes to Scott's apartment to confront him with the news. Scott, visibly agitated, goes to see Mickey, asking her to leave the city with him, revealing to her he was the one who stole her diary. Her husband goes to warn her and starts to fight with Scott. Mickey comes to her husband's help and Scott then leaves. One night following the events, while the Davises go to a restaurant, Scott breaks in their house and reads Mickey's latest diary. He crosses Buddy, who came to rob them. Scott tries to stop him. They fight and one of them gets stabbed with Buddy's knife. The married couple come home to find the last standing intruder still in the house. Mickey gets out her pistol and aims at the masked man. A gunshot is heard and the man stumbles down. The police arrives and it is revealed that the man shot was Buddy. Mickey goes to their room and finds out that Scott is there, alive but wounded. It is revealed that he was the one who shot Buddy. He then escapes the police through the window as Mickey watches him running in the dark."] ["An unknown woman's body is seen caught in the lantana bush, missing a shoe. Leon , a police officer, and Jane ([[Rachael Blake  have sex in a motel room. They part ways, and we see that Leon and his wife Sonja  attend Latin dance classes that recently separated Jane is also taking. Leon does not enjoy the classes, and is seen savagely beating a drug dealer during a bust. He has emotional issues, but won't confront or admit to them. Sonja sees a therapist, Valerie  who has just published a book on her own daughter's murder 18 months ago. She and her husband, John,  are barely on speaking terms; he later refers to their marriage as held together by their grief. She feels threatened by another patient of hers, Patrick Phelan, who is having an affair with a married man and is forcing Valerie to confront her own issues in her marriage to John. Hoping to see Leon again, Jane purposely bumps into him outside the police station, and they have sex again, despite Leon's reservations about taking it any further. Her next door neighbour, Nik, is upset that she is seeing someone because he is friends with her estranged husband Pete, who wants to return home. Jane pairs up with Sonja in the next salsa class, which angers Leon; he ends their arrangement, which upsets Jane. She invites Nik over for coffee at the behest of his wife, Paula, with whom she is friendly, and offers him money as they are struggling. Paula starts to dislike Jane because of it. Valerie is coming home late one night and drives off the road. She is stranded, and makes several calls to John, who does not answer. Finally, she is seen approaching a car coming along the road, but never makes it home. Leon is the investigating detective on the case, and looks into her office and notes. Surprised at seeing his wife's name and file, he takes a recording of their sessions. Leon arrives home late but Sonja is not asleep: he asks her about her therapy sessions with Valerie, they discuss their relationship and he tells her of his affair which had just ended, but that he still loves her. Sonja is very upset and feels betrayed. Leon sleeps on the couch, in the morning Sonja says he'll be lucky if she returns home that night. Leon goes to John's house to interrogate him as the main suspect in his wife's disappearance. Leon starts a discussion about love, marriage and having affairs but lies to John when asked if he ever had an affair. Leon goes to Jane's house on police duty, because she has placed a call. Her neighbours are Paula , a nurse, and Nik . Jane was up late one night, watching Nik arrive home and throw something in the bushes across the road from her house: later she finds it is a woman's shoe. Leon and his partner arrive at Jane's and declare that the shoe was Valerie's. The police take Nik to the station and he leaves his children with Jane. Police call Paula to come in from her work. Neither Nik nor Paula knows that Jane made the police call. Although Paula does not like Jane, she calls her to thank her for minding their children. The police interrogate Nik but he refuses to answer questions about Valerie, repeatedly asking to see Paula. After seeing his wife, Nik calms down and talks with Leon and his partner. Valerie had car trouble and Nik was driving past; he agreed to give her a lift to her home but she panicked when he took a back road short cut and left his truck. Valerie had run off leaving behind her shoe. Paula goes to Jane's house to get her children, where she tells her that Nik is innocent of Valerie's disappearance. Jane asks how she knows that, and Paula simply replies that he told her. Jane asks if she can spend more time with the kids, but Paula forbids it, after seeing how Jane went over into her house and tidied it. Leon, his partner, Nik, and John go to the place where Valerie jumped out of the truck. They find her body where she had accidentally fallen down a ravine. Leon listens to the rest of the therapy tape where his wife had said that she still loved him and he bursts into tears. Leon returns home and sees his wife outside. Jane salsa dances alone, drinking and smoking, while Pete leaves her. Patrick is pained to see his lover happily spending time with his wife and kids. Nik and Paula appear to have recovered from the whole affair, and seem to have been the only honest and happy people of them all. The movie ends with Sonja and Leon dancing together seductively. Leon, who at the beginning of the film finds dancing with his wife difficult, now appears to be doing well. He looks Sonja directly in her eyes and dances just as she always wanted. Sonja struggles to initially return Leon's gaze but does so just before the movie ends."] ["A gang member, suffering from severe memory loss, searches for his brother's murderer. He secretly enlists the aid of the investigating Detective, while other members of his gang are mysteriously and sadistically murdered."] ['Brunel, a French detective on an exchange scheme in London, is assigned to investigate the murder of novelist John Morlar. As they examine the crime scene, Brunel discovers the victim is still alive in spite of his severe injuries and has him rushed to hospital. With the help of Morlar\'s journals and Dr. Zonfeld, a psychiatrist Morlar was seeing, Brunel reconstructs Morlar\'s past life. Seen in flashback, it is filled with inexplicable catastrophes and the sudden deaths of people he disliked or who offended him. Morlar is a psychic with powerful telekinetic abilities. Disgusted at the world , Morlar has caused two recent disasters: an airliner crash into a London office tower and the loss of a manned spacecraft. From his hospital bed, he manages to bring down a cathedral on the "unworthy heads" of a VIP congregation attending a fund raising event for the crumbling building\'s restoration. Morlar seems able to keep himself alive by sheer willpower. As an enraged Brunel tries to kill Morlar to end the destruction Morlar writes on a pad the name of his next target: the nuclear power station at Windscale.'] ['Sandra Carpenter  is an American who came to London to perform in a show but now is working as a taxi dancer. She is upset to find out that a friend, a dancer named Lucy Barnard , is missing and believed to be the latest victim of the notorious "Poet Killer," who lures victims with ads in the newspaper\'s personal columns and sends poems to taunt the police. Scotland Yard Inspector Harley Temple  asks if Sandra would be willing to work undercover to help find her missing friend and the killer. He sees first-hand how observant she is and gives her a temporary police identification card and a gun. Sandra is asked to answer personal ads, with a Yard officer named H.R. Barrett  always nearby, just in case. By coincidence she meets the dashing man-about-town nightclub owner Robert Fleming , who at first wished to hire her for his stage revue but now wants to pursue a romance. In the meantime, Sandra answers an ad placed by Charles van Druten , a former fashion designer who is now mentally imbalanced. Her bodyguard Barrett has to come to her rescue. She also needs to be saved, this time by Fleming, from a mysterious figure named Mr. Moryani . He apparently recruits young women and whisks them off to South America by offering them a promising opportunity in a new land while, in reality, having something more sinister in mind. Fleming shares a stately home with Julian Wilde , his business partner and best friend. Fleming ultimately does win Sandra\'s heart, even becoming engaged to her. Inspector Temple thanks her for her efforts and even agrees to come to their engagement party. During the party at the beautiful home where she will soon live, however, Sandra accidentally discovers evidence that links Fleming to the Poet Killer\'s crimes, including a distinctive bracelet worn by her friend Lucy. Fleming is placed under arrest. Circumstantial evidence mounts up, although he adamantly denies any involvement in the crime. Sandra believes him, but the Yard does not. Lucy\'s body is found in the river. Wilde assures his incarcerated friend that he will hire the best possible attorney and do everything possible to clear him. It occurs to Inspector Temple that it is actually Wilde who fancies poetry and is in a position to have been the killer. Just before he can flee, Wilde is visited by Sandra at home. He is secretly obsessed with her, just as he possibly was with the other women he abducted. Wilde at first expresses his desire for Sandra, then removes his scarf and prepares to strangle her. Scotland Yard\'s men break through the windows to rescue her just in time. Fleming is set free, and he and Sandra toast with champagne to better days ahead.'] ["Former Vietnam vet and photographer Kirk Smith is a crazed killer who stalks the streets of Los Angeles, picking up young women and strangling them in lurid fashion. He repeatedly contacts Dr. Lindsay Gale, the psychologist on a radio show. He targets Dr. Gale's patients, commits a murder while on the phone to her show , and eventually goes after Dr. Gale herself. Two goofy policemen track him down."] ['{{hook}} Christine and her boyfriend James have just graduated from Highland High School and are looking forward to enjoying their future together. Everything appears to be going well until they realize that Christine is being stalked by a psychologically tormented and obsessed young man who will stop at nothing to be with her.'] ['In Arizona, 12-year-old Mark Evans  is taken to the hospital by his father Jack ([[David Morse  to visit his dying mother, Janice. Having been assigned for a business trip to Tokyo, Japan, Jack takes Mark to stay with his brother Wallace  and sister-in-law Susan  in Maine. Mark is re-introduced to his extended family, including his cousins Connie  and Henry . Mark and Henry get along at first, and Henry seems to be nice and well-mannered. In discussing the death of Mark\'s mother and that of Henry\'s baby brother Richard, however, Henry expresses an abnormal fascination with death, making Mark uneasy. Henry continues to display increasingly psychopathic behavior, which Mark is unable to tell Wallace and Susan, due to Henry\'s dark threats. Later, Henry implies that he will try to kill his sister. Terrified something will happen to Connie, Mark spends the night in her room. The next morning, Mark awakens to find Henry has taken Connie ice skating. At the pond, Henry purposely throws his sister in the thin ice. The ice collapses and Connie nearly drowns before she is rescued and taken to the hospital. Susan becomes skeptical of Henry when he visits Connie\'s room, planning to smother her, but Susan, sitting in the dark, interrupts him. Susan then finds a rubber duck in Henry\'s shed; it had once belonged to Richard and was with him in the bathtub the night he drowned, after which it went missing. When Susan confronts Henry, he coldly reminds her the toy had belonged to him before it had been Richard\'s and asks for it back. Susan refuses to give it back. Henry demands for it as he tries to get it from Susan. Susan becomes scared as she and Henry engage in a tug of war over it. Henry then violently takes it from Susan and runs out of the shed to the cemetery and throws it in the well indicating that Richard meant nothing to him. Henry later implies to Mark that he will kill Susan, rather than let Mark continue to develop a relationship with her. Due to a misunderstanding that Mark was trying to kill Henry, Wallace locks Mark in the den. Henry asks a suspicious Susan to go for a walk with him, while Mark escapes the den and chases after them. Susan firmly asks if Henry killed his brother. Henry shrugs and says, "What if I did?" Horrified of what her son has become, Susan tells Henry that he needs help. He flees into the woods, and Susan chases him, afraid he will try to kill himself. She arrives at a cliff, which Henry shoves her off of. She holds on precariously, while Henry picks up a large rock he intends to throw down at her. Just then, Mark arrives and tackles his cousin, and they fight while Susan climbs back up. In the ensuing brawl, the boys roll off the cliff, and are caught by Susan. She arduously hangs onto both boys with one hand. Henry holds on with both his hands, but Mark\'s one-handed grip is slipping. Wanting to save them both, and yet understanding she can save only one of them, Susan sees Henry icily calm again, confident that his mother will save her \'good\' son. Though agonized by the decision, Susan now knows how far Henry is willing to go- if saved, he will likely kill his mother anyway, now that she knows the truth about him. She lets him go, choosing to save Mark, while a shocked Henry plummets to his death. She pulls Mark up, and they both look down to see Henry\'s dead body on the rocks below, which is washed away into the sea. Susan and Mark then share an emotional embrace. When Mark returns to Arizona, he wonders if Susan would again make the same choice to save him instead of Henry, but knows it is something he\'ll never ask her.'] ['The film begins with the sentencing of Jean-Baptiste Grenouille , a notorious murderer. Between the reading of the sentence and the execution, the story of his life is told in flashback, beginning with his abandonment at birth in a French fish market. Raised in an orphanage, Grenouille grows into a strangely detached boy with a superhuman sense of smell. After growing to maturity as a tanner\'s apprentice, he makes his first delivery to Paris, where he revels in the new odors. He focuses on a redheaded girl selling plums , following her and repeatedly attempting to sniff her, startling her with his behavior. To prevent her from crying out, he covers the girl\'s mouth and unintentionally suffocates her. After realizing that she is dead, he strips her body naked and smells her all over, becoming distraught when her scent fades. Afterwards, Grenouille is haunted by the desire to recreate the girl\'s aroma. After making a delivery to a perfume shop, Grenouille amazes the Italian owner, Giuseppe Baldini , with his ability to identify and to create fragrances. He revitalizes the perfumer\'s career with new formulas, demanding only that Baldini teach him how to preserve scents. Baldini explains that all perfumes are harmonies of twelve individual scents, and may contain a theoretical thirteenth scent. He also tells a story about a perfume discovered in an Egyptian tomb that was so perfect that it caused everyone in the entire world to briefly believe they were in paradise the moment the bottle was opened. When Grenouille discovers that Baldini\'s method of distillation will not capture the scents of all objects, such as iron chains and dead animals, he becomes depressed. After receiving a letter of presentation written by Baldini, Grenouille leaves to learn a different method in Grasse. En route to Grasse, Grenouille realises that he has no body odor, and is therefore a cipher. He decides that creating the perfect perfume will prove his worth. Upon arrival in Grasse, Grenouille catches the scent of Laura Richis , the beautiful, redheaded daughter of the wealthy Antoine Richis  and decides that she will be his "thirteenth scent", the linchpin of his perfume. Grenouille finds a job in Grasse under Madame Arnulfi  and Dominique Druot  and learns the method of enfleurage. He kills a young lavender picker and attempts to extract her scent using the method of hot enfleurage, which fails. After this, he attempts the method of cold enfleurage on a prostitute he hired, but she becomes alarmed and tries to throw him out. He murders her and successfully preserves the scent of the woman thanks to the animal fat. Grenouille embarks on a killing spree, targeting beautiful young girls and capturing their scents using his perfected method. He dumps the women\'s naked corpses around the city, creating panic. After preserving the first twelve scents, Grenouille plans his attack on Laura. During a church sermon excommunicating him it is announced that an innocent man has confessed to the murders under torture. Richis remains unconvinced and flees the city with his daughter, planning to marry her as soon as possible. Grenouille tracks her scent to a roadside inn and sneaks into her room that night, appearing to hesitate as she stirs. However the next morning, Richis discovers Laura lying dead in her bed. Soldiers capture Grenouille moments after he finishes preparing his perfume. On the day of his execution, he applies a drop of the perfume to himself, forcing the jailers to release him and give him their clothes. The executioner and the crowd in attendance are speechless at the beauty of the perfume; they declare Grenouille innocent before falling into a massive orgy. Richis, still convinced of Grenouille\'s guilt, threatens him with his sword, before being overwhelmed by the scent and embracing Grenouille as his "son". Eventually, the town awakens and decides that the godly Grenouille could not have been the murderer. Druot is convicted for the murders and hanged, since it was his backyard where the clothes and hair of the victims were found. Walking out of Grasse unscathed, Grenouille has enough perfume to rule the world, but has discovered that it will not allow him to love or be loved like a normal person. Disenchanted by his aimless quest and tired of his life, he returns to Paris. Back in the city, Grenouille returns to the fish market where he was born and pours the remaining perfume over his head. Overcome by the scent and in the belief that Grenouille is an angel, the nearby crowd devours him. The next day, all that is left are his clothes and the empty bottle, from which one final drop of perfume falls.'] ["Dr. Mark Steele  loses memory of the past few days after learning that his wife has been brutally murdered. Steele is aware of his wife's infidelity and believes he could be the killer. He asks his office nurse Stella Madden  to help him recover his lost memories."] ['Injured in the arm, Colin arrives home to the house he shares with Damien only to find it empty. While cleaning his wound in the kitchen sink, he is attacked by Damien, now a zombie. He manages to "kill" Damien by stabbing him multiple times in the head with a kitchen knife, but soon afterwards becomes a zombie himself. Now one of the undead, Colin wanders the streets of London during the onset of a probable zombie apocalypse. He acquires the usual zombie cannibal taste for human flesh but avoids conflict. While being mugged for his trainers, he is seen by Linda, his sister. That evening zombies invade a house party and kill everyone within. Colin follows the sole survivor of the carnage  before she is trapped by a madman / serial killer in his basement with a group of blinded zombies. Linda and a friend finally capture Colin and take him to their mother\'s house, but Colin cannot recognise them. Linda has already been bitten by Colin when trying to save him from the muggers, and turns into a zombie, while she is reanimating she is locked in with Colin and her boyfriend and mother leave. Colin and Linda shamble away. The film also follows a cowering group of human survivors who finally go on the offensive. Led by Slingshot guy, the humans attack a large group of zombies with a makeshift grenade, which explodes near Colin, destroying most of his face. Three of the humans are bitten during the fight and are brutally killed by the rest of the group after one starts turning. Colin survives and finds his way to his friend Laura\'s home, where the film cuts to a flashback to when he was still human. Arriving at the house, he discovered that Laura had trapped a zombie in the bathroom. While attempting to kill the zombie, she was bitten and died in his arms, before reanimating and biting him. He then killed her before going home, which brings the viewer back to the film\'s beginning.Michael Brooke: "Review: Colin:" Sight and Sound: November 2009: 19:11: 52-53'] ['Adam , a photographer, awakens in a full bathtub in a disused bathroom along with Dr. Lawrence Gordon , an oncologist, who turns on the lights. Both men are chained at the ankle to pipes at opposite ends of the room. Lying between them is a corpse in a small pool of blood holding a revolver and a microcassette recorder. Adam and Lawrence discover tapes in their pockets, and Adam manages to take the tape recorder. Adam finds out that he must escape the bathroom, while Lawrence must kill Adam before six o\'clock, or his wife Allison and daughter Diana will be killed and he will be "left to rot". They also learn that the corpse was another victim who shot himself before he could succumb to a deadly poison in his blood. Using clues, Adam finds a bag in the toilet, containing two hacksaws, though neither is able to cut through the chains. Lawrence realizes that the saws are not meant for their chains, but for their feet, and tells Adam that they have been captured by the Jigsaw Killer.  Flashbacks reveal that while Lawrence was talking with students about a patient named John , who suffers from an inoperable frontal lobe tumor, an orderly named Zep Hindle  interrupts referring to the patient as a person with a name and a personality. Dr. Gordon was then approached by Detectives David Tapp  and Steven Sing  about his penlight being found at the scene of a Jigsaw "game". He viewed the testimony of Amanda , a heroin addict and the only known survivor of Jigsaw\'s games, who believes that Jigsaw helped her. Other Jigsaw victims include Paul , who was trapped in a cage filled with razor wire, and Mark , who had to obtain an antidote for the poison in his body from a safe, the combination scrambled on the room\'s walls, with only a candle for light while himself being covered in a flammable substance and having to walk over broken glass. Meanwhile, Lawrence\'s wife and daughter, Alison and Diana , are being held captive in their home by a man who is also watching Adam and Lawrence through a camera behind the bathroom\'s mirror. The house is simultaneously being watched by Tapp, who was discharged from the force and is now stalking Lawrence. He and Sing had previously found Jigsaw\'s lair using Amanda\'s tape and saved Jeff  from a drill trap; however, Jigsaw fled after slashing Tapp\'s throat, and Sing was killed by a shotgun booby trap while pursuing him. In the bathroom, Lawrence finds a cellphone that can only receive calls. He receives a call from Alison, who is being held at gunpoint, telling him to not trust Adam. Adam admits that he had been paid to take photos of Lawrence, several of which are in the hacksaw bag. Lawrence realizes that Tapp had been paying Adam. They also find a photo of Zep in Lawrence\'s house, revealing that he is holding the Gordons captive. Unfortunately, the clock hits six as they realize this. Zep moves to kill Diana and Alison, but Alison manages to overpower him. However, as Alison speaks to Lawrence on the phone, Zep attacks her and the gunshots from the struggle get Tapp\'s attention. He arrives in time to save Alison and Diana, but Zep escapes and Tapp follows, eventually pursuing him into the sewers, where Tapp is shot after a brief struggle. Lawrence, who only hears gunshots and screaming, is electrocuted and loses reach of the phone. In desperation, he saws off his foot and shoots Adam with the corpse\'s revolver. Zep enters the bathroom intent on killing Lawrence, only to be beaten to death by Adam with a toilet tank cover. As Lawrence crawls from the bathroom with the promise of help, Adam searches Zep\'s body for a key and finds another recorder, which reveals that Zep was also a Jigsaw victim; he was forced to hold the Gordons captive to obtain an antidote for the slow-acting poison in his body. As the tape ends, the corpse rises to its feet and reveals itself as John, the real Jigsaw Killer. John informs Adam that the key to his shackle is in the bathtub, but when Adam woke up, he pulled the plug, resulting in losing the key. Adam tries to shoot him with Zep\'s gun, but John electrocutes him and he loses reach of the gun. John then turns off the lights and seals the bathroom door, leaving a screaming Adam to die.'] ['The miniseries is an adaptation of The Diary of Ellen Rimbauer: My Life at Rose Red , written by Ridley Pearson under the pseudonym Joyce Reardon, Ph.D. Pearson\'s novel was based on the script of Stephen King\'s Rose Red. The plot revolves around the construction of the Rimbauer mansion, Rose Red, in Seattle, Washington, USA. The film traces a series of mysterious accidents throughout the mansion\'s early history which eventually leads it to being haunted. The Diary of Ellen Rimbauer is a prequel to the 2002 TV miniseries Stephen King\'s Rose Red. In its efforts to "explain" the supernatural events in the earlier project, it is set at the turn of the 20th century, when the stately, sinister Rose Red mansion is constructed by powerful Seattle oil magnate John Rimbauer  as a wedding present for his timid, submissive young bride, Ellen . Rimbauer owned an oil company, and used much of his wealth to build the mansion, which was in the Tudor-Gothic style and situated on {{convert}} of woodland in the heart of Seattle, Washington, in the United States. The site was a Native American burial ground . The house appeared cursed even as it was being constructed: Three construction workers were killed on the site, and a construction foreman was murdered by a co-worker. Shortly after her marriage to Rimbauer, Ellen began keeping a remarkable diary. This diary became the secret place where Ellen could confess her anxieties about her new marriage, express her confusion over her emerging sexuality and contemplate the nightmare that her life was becoming. The diary not only follows the development of a girl into womanhood, it follows the construction of the Rimbauer mansion—called Rose Red—an enormous home that would be the site of so many horrific and inexplicable tragedies in the years ahead. At first impressed by her husband\'s extravagance, Ellen eventually comes to hate and fear John, especially when learning a few unsavory facts about his past. Meanwhile, the mansion seems to be festooned with ghosts, possibly those of the many people close to John who have mysteriously vanished. The eerie moanings and manifestations are interpreted as a warning to Ellen that she, too, may some day disappear without a trace. As revealed in the miniseries, Ellen Rimbauer and her maid and closest friend Sukeena continue to live in the house. Ellen believed that if she continued to build the house, she would never die. Rimbauer used nearly all of her dead husband\'s fortune to continually add to the home over the next several decades, enlarging it significantly . Mysterious disappearances continued: Deanna Petrie, an actress friend of Ellen Rimbauer\'s, and Sukeena both disappeared over the next few years. Ellen Rimbauer herself disappeared in 1950, though through supernatural means, the house continued to grow, with new rooms, hallways, and staircases appearing overnight.'] ["A Boston couple, Gail  and Tom  are having marital problems, due to Tom's inability to spend time with his family because of his work as an architect. Gail, a rafting expert, decides to take their son Roarke  on a holiday rafting trip down the Salmon River in Idaho, along with their pet dog. Their daughter Willa  accompanies them to Gail's parents' house in Idaho. At the last minute, just when they are about to leave for the almost week-long trip, Tom joins them. As they are setting off, they meet a couple of other rafters, Wade  and Terry , who appear to be friendly. Thus Gail, Tom, and Roarke leave for the trip, leaving Willa behind to be taken care of by her grandparents. After a day's rafting, the family make camp for the night, but Tom continues to work on his renderings rather than entering fully into the experience. This agitates Roarke, who thinks that his father does not really seem to realize he is away from home. They are joined by Wade and Terry who help to celebrate Roarke's birthday the same night. Gail slowly becomes friendly with Wade. However, after a while he begins acting suspicious and she decides it would be best to part ways. During the morning's rafting, he reveals to Roarke that they have a gun with them. As they raft down the river his parents discuss an exit strategy that will allow them to leave the two men behind, and at lunch they attempt to leave on their raft and get away before Wade and Terry realize what is going on. Their attempt fails and Wade pulls the gun on them and assaults Tom. Gail then realizes that an armed robbery she had heard about was actually carried out by Wade and Terry, and their rafting trip is actually a way for them to get away. They are forced to raft at gunpoint down the rest of the river before they all set up camp for the night. Meanwhile, a park ranger named Johnny , who knows Gail, is white water canoeing down the river. He bumps into the group; but Wade holds the gun to Gail's back and pretends that everything is okay. Later, he appears again but this time Wade shoots him, grabs him by his shirt, and throws him into the rapids. It is revealed that Wade and Terry, in order to aid their escape, want to go on down the river to a set of rapids where in recent years one person was killed and another was left paralyzed. Consequently, rafting is no longer allowed there. They force Gail to raft down through the rapids despite her repeated attempts to flip the raft and so force them out of the river. During the night Tom attempts to steal the gun off the sleeping Terry but is heard and has to run into the bushes and to the river. Wade gives chase and believes he has shot him when he hears a loud splash into the water. Tom reappears and manages to flip the raft. Gail and Roarke, who have been tied to the raft by Wade, remain in it and manage to get hold of the gun, which had fallen into the water, while Tom is fighting Terry. The struggle ends when Gail throws the bag of money into the water and shoots Wade whose dead body floats off down the river. The film ends with the family and Terry  being helicoptered out."] ["While driving cross-country from Boston to San Diego in their new Jeep Grand Cherokee, Jeff Taylor and his wife Amy narrowly miss colliding with a beat-up Ford F-150 that darts in front of them from an connecting road on a deserted highway. Later, while stopped at a gas station, the truck's driver, Earl, exchanges hostile words with Jeff before the couple resume their journey. Shortly afterwards, their Jeep breaks down in the middle of the desert. Leaving Jeff with the car, Amy accepts a ride from a passing big-rig trucker named Red Barr driving a Peterbilt 385, to get to a nearby diner and call for help. Jeff eventually discovers that the Jeep's battery connections have been suspiciously tampered with, and, after reconnecting them, drives to the diner, only to find that no one has seen his wife. When he catches up with Barr on the road and forces him to stop, the trucker claims he has never seen Jeff or his wife before. Jeff hails a passing sheriff, named Boyd, but a brief search of Barr's truck yields no sign of Amy, and he is let go. Jeff then goes to a police station where he is advised by a deputy to go back to the diner and wait for his wife. There Jeff meets with a simpleton mechanic named Billy, who says he saw Amy arrive in one truck and leave in another. He tells Jeff where they have taken her, but refuses to speak with the police, thinking that they are involved. Jeff heads to the location Billy mentioned, but is ambushed on a back road by Earl, and escapes by driving his Jeep into a river. Abandoning the Jeep and later circling back to watch his attackers salvage the Jeep from the water, Jeff is discovered and knocked out by Billy, an accomplice who had feigned mental impairment earlier. Jeff awakens in a car trunk surrounded by Earl, Billy, another accomplice, Al, a tow-truck driver, and their leader, Red Barr. Red tells Jeff that his wife will be released in exchange for $90,000 that the kidnappers think Jeff has in his bank account. Knowing that he only has a small fraction of the assumed amount, Jeff enters a nearby bank to withdraw what little money he has. After a failed attempt to alert the bank manager to his danger, Jeff steals marked money ribbons and a letter opener from the manager's desk; Jeff uses money ribbons to packet $1 bills in-between two $100 bills, fooling the kidnappers. With the ransom now in hand, Jeff is then instructed by phone to leave town, where he is picked up and bound with duct tape by Earl in his pickup truck. While gloating about how easy Jeff and his wife were to abduct by rigging their car to break down after leaving the gas station, as well as bragging that he intends to kill Jeff and his wife anyway, Earl discovers Jeff's ruse with the ransom. At exactly the same moment, Jeff frees himself and stabs Earl in the chest with the letter opener. After a struggle in the speeding, swerving pickup, Jeff takes over the vehicle, bounds Earl, and forces him to reveal his rendezvous with Red at a local truck stop. Sheriff Boyd appears in his patrol car and, seeing the swerving pickup, calls for backup and stops the vehicle. After Jeff exits the truck with Earl's pistol in hand, a stressed Boyd mistakes the situation and forces Jeff at gunpoint down onto the road. Earl frees himself and shoots Boyd with another pistol concealed in his boot. Just as Earl is about to shoot Jeff, a wounded Boyd shoots and kills Earl. Jeff uses Boyd's radio to call for an ambulance and heads to the truck stop Earl mentioned. At the rest stop, Jeff avoids the police looking for him in connection to the shooting of Boyd, and then spots Red talking on a payphone with another accomplice. Jeff follows Red to his truck where he jumps under the moving truck as Red drives away. Jeff loses his pistol while climbing aboard, but stows away to Red's farm at which he arrives early the next morning. Hiding in a barn, Jeff watches as Red and his remaining accomplices take a bound and gagged Amy and lock her in a freezer in the barn's cellar, leaving her to die. Unable to open the locked cellar door, Jeff finds a gun in Red's truck and uses it to hold Red, his accomplices, and his wife and son at gunpoint, demands the cellar key. Billy escapes, but Jeff forces the rest of the group to safely release Amy from the freezer before locking them in the cellar. Jeff and Amy then flee in a stolen Chevrolet C-20 pickup, while Billy frees Red and Al. They pursue the Taylors in their respective vehicles. During the climactic chase, Billy is killed in a fiery crash when Jeff forces his car off the road, while the trailer from Red's truck detaches, causing Al to violently crash into it. Undeterred, Red attempts to ram Jeff's vehicle off a bridge, trapping Amy's leg underneath the dashboard. Red's big rig nearly falls off the edge and becomes suspended by a steel bridge support. Jeff battles Red on the suspended big rig, eventually hurling Red to the rocks below. Jeff frees Amy from the dashboard in which she  pulls the automatic shift on their pickup, causing the semi to fall on Red and crush him. Sitting on the edge of the bridge beside their mangled pickup truck, Jeff and Amy embrace each other."] ['{{plot}} In an unnamed city, the traffic lights change and a young Japanese professional  is suddenly struck blind for no apparent reason and blocks all the traffic behind his car. With the honking horns of the other frustrated drivers causing a commotion, the Japanese man is approached by a few concerned people, one of whom  offers to drive him home. As they proceed to drive away, the blinded man describes his sudden affliction: an expanse of dazzling white, as though he is "swimming in milk." Eventually they arrive at the Japanese man\'s upscale apartment, but as soon as he assures his rescuer that he\'ll be fine waiting there for his wife to come home, the "rescuer" departs with the car keys and steals the vehicle. Upon arriving home later that evening and noticing her husband\'s blindness, the Japanese man\'s wife  takes him to a local ophthalmologist  who, after testing the man\'s eyes, can identify nothing wrong with his sight and recommends further evaluation at a hospital. Among the doctor\'s patients are an old man with a black eye-patch , a woman with dark glasses , and a young boy . Later that same evening, the car thief is also struck blind, abandoning the Japanese man\'s car as he runs down the street. During a dinner with his loving wife , the doctor discusses the strange case of sudden blindness that hit the Japanese man. Elsewhere in the city, the woman with dark glasses - revealed to be a call-girl - becomes the third victim of the strange blindness after an appointment with a john in a luxury hotel. The next day, the doctor wakes up to realize that he too has gone blind, which panics him all the more since he may have infected his wife in turn, but she refuses his attempts to keep her at arm\'s length and promises she will be safe. In various locations around the city, several more citizens are struck blind, causing widespread panic, and the government organizes a quarantine for the blind in a local derelict asylum. When a Hazmat crew arrives to pick up the doctor, his wife climbs into the van with him, lying she has also gone blind in order to accompany him into isolation. In the asylum, the doctor and his wife are first to arrive and both agree they will keep her sight a secret. Several others arrive: the woman with dark glasses, the Japanese couple, the car thief, and the young boy. At first a fight breaks out between the Japanese man and the man who stole his car, but the doctor pulls them apart and effectively assumes leadership of the ward. The Japanese man is then reunited with his wife, who becomes all but catatonic as a result of her sudden disability. Then the doctor\'s wife - who continues to remain sighted - comes across the old man with the eye-patch, who describes the condition of the world outside. The sudden blindness, known only as the "White Sickness", is now international, with hundreds of cases being reported every day. Desperate by this point, the totalitarian government resorts to increasingly ruthless measures to try to staunch the epidemic. In due course, as more and more blind people are crammed into the fetid prison, overcrowding and total lack of any outside support causes the hygiene and living conditions to degrade horrifically in a short time. Soon, the walls and floors are caked in filth and human feces. Anxiety over the availability of food, caused by irregular deliveries, undermines the morale inside. The lack of organization prevents the blind internees from fairly distributing food among each other. The soldiers who guard the asylum become increasingly hostile. The government refuses to allow in basic medicines, so that a simple infection becomes deadly. During one load of new inmates, a man wanders too far away from the group and is killed by the soldiers, along with two other people caught in the crossfire. A shovel is callously tossed over the wall for the corpses to be buried by the blind. Living conditions degenerate even further when an armed clique of men, led by an ex-barman who declares himself the King of Ward 3 , gains control over the sparse deliveries of food. The rations are distributed only in exchange for valuables, solely as a humiliation. With the prospect of starvation and the hopelessness of being unable to take care of himself, the doctor turns to the woman with dark glasses in a moment of true weakness, and they have sex. Both regret it afterward and even more so once they hear the doctor\'s wife speak knowing they were not alone and that she had witnessed most of their tryst. Although the doctor\'s wife does not really trust her husband again, she still remains to help and in the end she forgives both the woman and her husband. The next day, the King of Ward 3 demands women in exchange for food. One by one, the desperate women volunteer to be sex slaves for the men in ward 3, and the King of Ward 3 rapes the doctor\'s wife. When the women get back, one of them has been brutally beaten to death by her rapist. Faced with starvation and hell-bent on revenge, the doctor\'s wife snaps and murders the King of Ward 3 with her scissors. His death initiates a chaotic war between the wards, which culminates with the asylum being burned down. Most of the inmates die in the fire. Only then do the few survivors discover that the military have abandoned their posts. They are free to venture into the city. But all is squalor and chaos. The entire population is blind amid a city devastated and infested with vermin and overrun with filth and dead bodies. The doctor\'s wife leads her husband, the Japanese couple, the old man, the woman with dark glasses and the young boy through the ruined streets in search of food and clean clothes. Everywhere she looks is grim as people squat in derelict buildings and society as she knew it no longer exists. Leaving her friends in the relative safety of an old cafe, she and her husband go to look for food. In a supermarket filled with stumbling blind people, she finds a storeroom stocked with food and packs it into bags. As she prepares to leave and meet her husband outside, she is attacked by the starving people who smell the food she is carrying. Her husband, now used to his blindness, saves her and they manage to return to their friends. The doctor and his wife with their new "family" eventually make their way back to the house of the doctor, where they establish a permanent home. The doctor\'s wife has truly forgiven her husband for sleeping with the woman with dark glasses, and in turn makes love to him where he states that when they are together like this, he can really "see" her through his touch. Just as the "family" are becoming accustomed to their new way of life, the Japanese man recovers his sight one morning. This gives the other people hope that their blindness will lift as quickly and inexplicably as it came. As the friends all celebrate, the doctor\'s wife stands out on the porch, staring up into a white overcast sky and for a moment appears to be going blind herself until the video camera shifts downwards, revealing that she sees the cityscape before her.'] ["It is the mid-1970s. A sinister hippy cult called Unity Fields commits mass suicide in a horrific manner - by fire - at the behest of its psychopathic leader, Franklin Harris . Only one young woman named Cynthia  survives to tell the tale. Now, 13 years later, Cynthia is having grim reminders of the mass suicide, as people around her begin to die one at a time. Cynthia finds out quickly that the ghost of Harris is back to claim his 'love child'."] ['{{plot}} The film opens with a flashback depicting a young boy escaping from Cunningham Hall, a mental facility. The boy escapes through his window and manages to run into nearby woods, where two of the facility\'s staff pursue him. The boy escapes into an open area, when a car emerges from the darkness and runs him over, sending him tumbling into bushes. A man exits the car and looks on before returning to the car, assuming the young boy dead. Clark Stevens , a psychiatric intern, has come to Cunningham Hall Mental Facility to train before he can graduate to medical school. Inside, he meets some of the patients  and is welcomed by nurse Betty. Betty gives him keys to the facility and a walkie-talkie for communication, then takes him to the person in charge of the facility, Dr. Franks . On the way however, they are suddenly interrupted by one of the patients named Carl, who claims that he "shouldn\'t be here" and patients aren\'t allowed to go home when they\'re mentally stable. Betty shrugs the accusations off and pushes Carl away. In Dr. Franks\' empty office, Clark examines his bookcase whilst waiting for Franks to arrive. He finds a book titled "Psychology and the Paranormal," which strikes his interest. He reads the first page, which implies connections between mental stability and the paranormal. Before he continues reading, Franks arrives. Clark and Frank talk about the facility and its patients, with Clark suggesting some improvements for the building, but Franks replies stern and bluntly. At this point, Dr. Morgan and Dr. Douglas enter, wanting to meet Clark. Clark now meets nurse Sara  in the cafeteria, and she takes Clark on a tour around the facility. As they leave, mental patient Alice  sits watching a window, where she sees flashes of a demonic-looking boy. Sara continues the tour with Clark, but come across head nurse Hendricks, who talks to Sara privately. Whilst they\'re talking, Clark examines a flickering light when a mental patient claims "there\'s something up there." Sara returns and continues the tour, and finishes it off by taking him to the basement cells, where they hold the patients that are potential murderers and rapists - a place nicknamed "Madhouse." These basement cells are supervised by security guard Wallace, who grants Clark and Sara access to the Madhouse. However, one of the patients seems to have a paranoid fit, and starts smashing glass with his head. Sara calls Drake, another security guard, to come down and help. This scares Clark, who backs up against a wall and is grabbed by a patient, who is holding a sharp shard of glass, trying to self-harm and bleed over Clark. Luckily, Drake arrives and beats the patient, with Clark telling him to cease because the patient didn\'t hurt him. Drake does indeed stop the beating and leaves, saying "let\'s hope he gets it right next time." Later at night, Clark is in his room, when he witnesses a boy pass the bathroom door. Clark investigates, but no-ones there. Over the walkie-talkie, Clark overhears a report about a "situation in the rec-room," and goes to help. Instead, he spies on the situation from the door and watches Hendricks badly treat Alice with a stun-gun over medication. She continues shocking Alice with the stun-gun, but Alice is saved by Carl, who treats her sympathetically and takes her to her room. Clark makes his way back to his room, but finds the boy from before in the hallway. Clark gives chase, and ends up at the Madhouse, where he finds no-one at the supervision desk and the door to Madhouse open. Clark enters to investigate, but finds nothing. However, Dr. Morgan finds him and they talk about the mysterious boy. Morgan recalls a patient from Cell #44, who escaped but apparently died - however, Morgan believes him to still be alive and back in the facility. Before he can continue, Hendricks arrives and gives Clark the task of cleaning up a mess in the rec-room. Sometime later, Clark confronts Franks about the boy. Franks denies that anyone could be running around un-supervised. Clark retells the Cell #44 story to Franks and notices a book titled "Ghosts and Hauntings" on the desk, which Franks hastily removes. When Clark leaves the office, Hendricks arrives and argues with Franks. Clark overhears some of the argument, such as Hendricks shouting "[she] knows." Soon, Sara arrives and they discuss Franks selection of weird books before Sara is requested at the nurses station for night duty. In the nurses station, Sara and Hendricks hear a mysterious sound. Hendricks, equipped with her stun-gun, investigates the source and is led into dark stairway, when someone in a cloak attacks her and renders her unconscious. She wakes up strapped to a chair, and the cloaked figure plays loud music whilst torturing her with the stun-gun. She begs him to stop, and the figure disappears. However, a few moments later, he pops back up from behind the chair and continues the torture - eventually killing Hendricks. The next day, Hendrick\'s body is found and is taken away. Franks assures everyone he\'ll "seriously review the safety protocol" to prevent this happening again. The staff are then assigned patients to interview about the murder, with Clark being assigned to the Madhouse with Drake. Drake, after getting angry at one of the patients, leaves. Clark, alone, only has a few more to get through and goes to Cell #44, where a patient hides in the darkness and refuses to talk. Clark goes away, but then the patient - who identifies himself as Ben London - starts to talk cryptically and sometimes in riddles. He tells Clark that if he\'s looking for the murderer, "the top of the food chain is a good place to start," which Clark infers to be Franks. Sometime later, Clark asks Grace  what Ben\'s prescription is and what it\'s for. Grace replies that everyone in the Madhouse are on the same drugs, and Clark takes a bottle for examination. Outside, Clark sits watching the patients play, when he sees the mysterious young boy from before playing with a ball. Carl then joins him and recalls his past to Clark of how he ended up in the facility. Clark says that Carl shouldn\'t be in the facility anymore, and Carl agrees, "but the day [he] leaves here is the day [he] dies." Sometime later, Clark attempts to confront Sara with some questions about the Facility, but is unable to due to loud screams coming from a nurse. When Clark and Sarah enter the room, they find Carl\'s corpse hanging from some sheets. Alice is dancing around the body and shouts to clark "This is the only way you get out of here Clark! Carl knew and now he\'s free!" The death is filed as a suicide, but Clark is suspicious about it. In a meeting later, led by Clark and Sara, Alice talks about seeing the young boy. Clark is intrigued and Alice continues, saying the boy makes sure that she "never forgets what madness feels like." After the meeting, on his way back to his room, Clark comes across Drake having sex with a patient in an open room. After Drake notices him looking, Clark leaves. Waking up the next morning, Clark gets a phone call from Sara that Drake is the murderer and has been arrested by the police. Later, Clark and Sara are in a room together where they try to solve what is happening in the madhouse. They begin to put the pieces together, but put the mystery on hold as they spend an intimate night with each other. Taking Ben\'s advice, Clark does some research on Dr. Frank as well as the medication that they hand out. It is revealed that Dr. Frank has been using placebos on the patients, and that the reason none of them aren\'t getting better is because Dr. Frank was embezzling all the funding for himself. Meanwhile, The same apparition that killed Nurse Hendricks Kills Dr. Morgan by cleaving the upper part of his head off with an axe. The next night, Clark confronts Ben again, and again, is only greeted by cryptic answers. Clark tells him that he is going to call the authorities about the placebos Monday morning, but still needs to find out how to stop whats killing everyone until then. The only piece of information the man gives Clark is "The truth is right in front of you." Clark goes to Sarah with what he knows, and she gives him some coffee to drink filled with sleeping pills. While dreaming, Clark is haunted by the voice of the cryptic inmate and visions of the little boy. The dreams make Clark realize that it was Sarah doing all the killings. Clark wakes up and fights the effects of the drugs long enough to get back to the madhouse to talk to Ben. He arrives at cell 44 and asks Ben to show his face. He tells him that he\'ll be freed if he does so. Ben takes off the mask that was concealing his face to reveal himself as the little boy. Shocked, Clark stands there as the little boy quickly grows up into him. Apparently, Clark was Ben who ran away as a little boy and was presumed dead when Dr. Frank ran him over with his car. The real Clark died, and he took his identity to get back into the madhouse. He doesn\'t believe it at first, but then realizes his shirt is covered in blood. Ben begins to remember killing all the remaining doctors and nurses leaving only Dr. Frank and Sara still alive. Ben confronts Dr. Frank in his office, attempting to flee and destroy all evidence of his embezzlement. He tells Frank who he really is right before he kills him with the same axe he used on Dr. Morgan. Sara sees him kill Dr. Frank and runs to the madhouse where she becomes trapped. Clark tells her that he returned to this place to make it better, and to get rid of everyone who didn\'t even try to help him. Sara tries to convince Clark that he shouldn\'t kill her because he loves her. Ben lowers his guard from this, and Sara attacks him, only to eventually be overpowered by Ben. As Sara begs Clark not to kill her, he replies "Clark isn\'t here. In fact, he never existed" right before he brings the axe down on her and the screen goes black before it makes contact. In the final scene of the film, Ben is shown entering another mental health facility, dressed as "Clark" was in the opening scene.'] ['{{cleanup}} The film begins in a Los Angeles restaurant, where the main character, a waitress named Slim, works with her best friend, Ginny. Slim receives unwelcome romantic advances from a customer who complimented her on her slim figure but made fun of her name. She reveals that "Slim" is not her real name, and she refuses to reveal her real name. Then she is rescued by a guy named Mitch Hiller. They later marry and have a daughter named Gracie. A few years later, Slim finds out that Mitch is unfaithful and was cheating on her with another woman named Darcelle . When she confronts him, he tells her the other women meant nothing. But Slim\'s sadness turns to anger and she threatens to leave. Mitch becomes violent, slapping and punching her in the face. He tells her that since he makes the money, he gets to do what he wants. He says he will not break the affair off and she has to deal with that, unless she wants to fight. When he leaves, she picks up the phone to call his mother. He taps on the window when he catches her, asking her who she\'s calling, and why. She says she\'s calling his mother, but lies when she gives her reasons. He believes her, and leaves. When Slim approaches her mother-in-law about the incident, she asks Slim what she had done to make Mitch angry, indicating that Mitch\'s behavior isn\'t a surprise to her. Slim then goes and talks to Ginny. Ginny tells her she should leave, but Slim isn\'t sure. When she goes to pick Gracie up from school, her teacher says that Gracie was already picked up by her father. She panics and goes home. The house is empty. She calls Mitch, who tells her that Gracie is with him at the zoo. He hints to her that he can get to Gracie as easy as she can. At dinner that night, he tells her he knew she told his mother, but he stays civil on the count of Gracie being present. Slim decides that enough is enough, and plans to escape. A few days later Slim, having carefully planned her escape, leaves and takes Gracie with her. With the help of her friends, who wait outside in a van, she makes it to the door. But Mitch stops her while she\'s about to leave. He then attacks and kicks her, which leaves a bruise. He threatens Slim\'s friends with a gun, who run into the house after hearing Slim scream. Mitch says he will plant drugs in her car, making her look like an addict - that way he\'ll have sole custody of Gracie by the end of the week. But with her friend\'s help, she and Gracie escape. But Mitch relentlessly hunts her down, freezing her credit cards, forcing her friends to help her out financially. Mrs. Hiller, Mitch\'s mother, calls them to check on them but they have to keep their calls short. Slim takes Gracie to Seattle, to meet her ex-boyfriend Joe, but they are visited by a couple of Mitch\'s friends, disguised as FBI agents investigating a kidnapping, and then to San Francisco to see her grandfather, , since she knows they both are in perilous danger. The man, named Jupiter, claims that Slim is not his daughter and gives them only $12, thinking they are homeless and want money. Slim leaves, hardhearted at Jupiter, and moves with Gracie to Michigan. However, after Jupiter is threatened by Mitch\'s men, he decides to help. He sends them enough money for a house. While at their new home in Michigan, Slim changes her name to Erin Shleeter, and the future looks clear and bright. Slim tells Gracie not to call her Slim. Gracie responds that she won\'t because she doesn\'t think Slim is that slim. But Mitch tracks her down from traced calls from payphone at gas stations around the area. As he attacks Slim, saying he wants her back, Gracie witnesses the attack and tries to stop her father. But Mitch pushes her out of the way. A car chase ensues, but Slim has made preparations for an escape and they are able to do so again. Gracie seems scared and has become quite silent, but doesn\'t want her mother to tell her what happened. Eventually Slim goes into hiding in San Francisco, hires a woman who looks like her to keep her cover, and sends Gracie on vacation to Hawaii with her best friend to get her out of harm\'s way. She prepares herself with self-defense trainer  who teaches her Krav Maga, since self defense is not murder. He tells her the hardest lesson - if he hits her, hold on to his voice and awaken when he is about to attack or kick her. She returns to Los Angeles, breaks into Mitch\'s new home and traps him there, hiding his guns and blocking the phone connections, so he cannot call the police. As he says he can not hit her, she asks him why he could do it before when she was defenseless. In the ensuing fight Slim uses her new skills. She calls Ginny saying she can not kill him, and while she is distracted Mitch hits her from behind with a lamp. Slim repeats what she learned in her lessons and trips, beats and kicks him in the chest to send him off a balcony to his death. With Mitch no longer a threat, Slim and Gracie go on to live a happy life in Seattle with Joe.'] ['Steve Clark  is a high school senior whose family moves to Cradle Bay, a picturesque coastal town in Washington state. Steve soon befriends three outcast students, Gavin Strick , U.V. , and Rachel Wagner . Gavin tries to tell Steve that he believes there is something evil about the "Blue Ribbons"— a clique of students taking part in a "special program" led by the school psychologist, Dr. Caldicott . Steve is understandably skeptical. The following day at lunch, Gavin walks in looking like a Blue Ribbon. When Steve tries to confront Gavin, he gets punched in the stomach for his impertinence. Now Steve and Rachel must find the source of the Blue Ribbons as well as try and save the rest of the school before it\'s too late. They find a DVD-rom disc that Gavin hid for them in the boiler room, before his "transformation," which tells them about the club and about the history that he learned about Dr. Caldicott. During this, Steve also befriends Dorian ([[William Sadler , the school janitor, who appears to be mentally handicapped and hunts rats for the city for some exta cash. Dorian demonstrates a device called an E-Rat-icator which emits a soft, high pitched whine that is supposed to be innocuous but annoying to rats, which is an abysmal failure. Steve discovers that Dorian is actually highly intelligent, and carries classical literature pieces with him, and that he\'s hiding because he wishes to be left alone and does not trust society. Dorian also tells Steve that he suspects that the entire community of Cradle Bay is part of a massive conspiracy made up of nearly all of the parents, as well as the local police chief and the school principal, who hired Dr. Caldicott to "re-program" their own children to become the perfect people that they want them to be and not free thinkers. A little later, during an encounter where a Blue Ribbon assaults Rachel, the E-Rat-icator goes off, and immediately sends the student into a psychotic fit, driving him away. During their personal investigation, Steve and Rachel try to find out what has been happening to these Blue Ribbon kids, which leads them to a mental hospital called Bishop Flats following a lead on the DVD that Gavin left behind. Here, they find out that mind control is being used to make depressed, awkward and unruly teens become perfect so they can function properly in life, but the programming has some glitches that lead to momentary relapses which cause violent fits. Also at Bishop Flats, they find Caldicott\'s daughter, Betty , a failed project who spends her time repeating the same phrase: "Meet the musical little creatures that hide among the flowers". When Rachel and Steve return, they plan to get out of town along with Steve\'s little sister, Lindsay , but when they get back, Steve\'s parents (Terry David Mulligan and [[Susan Hogan  reveal that they are also part of the conspiracy and that they moved to Cradle Bay for the sole purpose to sign him up for Caldicott\'s program. Steve and Lindsay try to get out but they get ambushed by a group of Blue Ribbons waiting for them. They drag Steve and Rachel to the programming center, but Steve escapes and rescues Rachel. They try to get out of town again with Lindsay and U.V., but the Blue Ribbons and Caldicott are waiting for them on the road near the ferry out of town. When hope seems lost, Dorian the school janitor drives up, his car hooked up with multiple E-Rat-icators that scramble the mind control tech inside the Blue Ribbons\' heads. They chase after Dorian and try to destroy the E-Rat-icators, but, having been fatally wounded after being shot by Caldicott, he drives his car off a cliff with several Blue Ribbons hanging onto his car. This leads to a final battle between Steve and Caldicott, which Steve wins by kicking Caldicott off the cliff. Steve and Rachel then leave town on the ferry with Lindsay and U.V. to begin a new life elsewhere. The final scene shows a classroom in an urban high school with kids playing loud music, cursing, and acting up. They are informed that they have a new teacher. The well-groomed substitute turns around, and it\'s Gavin, with the blue ribbon "twinkle" still active in his eye.'] ['Mike Locken  and George Hansen  are best friends and private contractors for a private intelligence agency, Communications Integrity or ComTeg, which handles covert assignments for the CIA. At the beginning of the film, Locken and Hansen are helping an East European defector, Vorodny  escape. After delivering the defector to other ComTeg operatives, Locken and Hansen throw a wild party to relax. The next day, they go to a ComTeg safehouse to relieve other agents who have been guarding Vorodny, the defector they previously helped escape. Hansen, having been bought out by an unknown rival group, assassinates Vorodny, and then critically wounds Locken in the knee and elbow, telling Locken that he\'s, "just been retired." Told that he\'ll be a cripple for life and that his career is apparently at an end, Locken undergoes a long period of rehabilitation when he is subsequently approached with another assignment from his Com-Teg contact man, Cap Collis. It requires him to protect an Asian client, Yuen Chung. It also gives him the opportunity to seek revenge against Hansen, who is part of the team out to assassinate the client. Locken, having become well versed in the martial arts using his cane during his rehabilitation, recruits a couple of former ComTeg associates, Mac , a wheelman and a former friend of Locken\'s and Miller , a weapons expert, to help him. However, the deal turns out to be an elaborate set-up, part of an internal power struggle between rival Com-Teg directors, the aforementioned Cap Collis and his superior, Lawrence Weybourne . In a subsequent assassination attempt on Chung, Hansen gets the drop on Locken, but is shot and killed by Miller. Locken rebukes Miller for killing Hansen as he felt cheated of his revenge. He later forgives him. A final showdown between the Asian rivals takes place aboard a naval vessel on the Reserve Fleet in Suisun Bay, California with Locken and Mac involved in the fray and confronting Collis one last time. <ref nameHgTuubaRD1Y Final scene on YouTube]'] ["A suburban family harbors a dark secret: When their parents are killed in a tragic accident, eldest Hamilton sibling David  relocates the surviving family members to a quiet California suburb and assumes the responsibility of caring for his orphaned teenage siblings; Wendell , Darlene , and Francis . While twins Wendell and Darlene seem to share a bizarre incestuous bond that separates them from the rest of the siblings, Francis acquires a video camera that previously belonged to his deceased parents and sets out preparing a school project about his family. The all-seeing lens of Francis' roving camera begins to reveal that something malevolent is going on inside the Hamilton's picturesque abode. David finds work in a meat-packing warehouse, and is shown to bring some stuff from work home with him, while it is also implied that he is a homosexual when he invites male co-workers to go with him to a nearby motel for an evening. One evening, Wendell kidnaps two young girls whom he meets in a local bar and they are tied in their storeroom. Older brother David drains blood off one of them till she slowly dies. Francis gets attracted to the other girl who tries to get him to help her. But things come to a head when Wendell and Darlene murder one of her classmates and feed off her blood. When David tries to kill the other girl, Francis hits him in the head and carries her off to a safe hideout at the meat packing plant which is closed for the night. Wendell asks David to follow Francis, as he is the only one capable of persuading him to return. At the barn, Francis, seeing an open wound on the girl's hand, is unable to control his bloodlust and he kills the girl and feeds off her. When David appears, Francis is crying and we see his fangs. Though terribly sad at his actions, he finally seems to be accepting what he really is: a vampire. With the death of Darlene's classmate, David decides to move somewhere else, and they go to the basement to retrieve the creature locked there, who turns out to be their little brother Lenny. The family, the Hamilitons, is revealed to be a new breed of vampires who are born that way, not made. They move from place to place to hide their secret of their thirst for blood and to avoid detection from the authorities. In the final scene, we see them introducing themselves to their new neighbors, as the Thompsons, and Francis, now having embraced his newfound status as a vampire, is shown making a happy video of his now complete family."] ["Business man Sam, his wife Liz and his brother musician Nick with his girlfriend Christine are driving through a remote countryside. Nick, not wanting to arrive at their father's birthday dinner after them is driving erratically and fast, but when he takes a shortcut to a back road through some woodlands. Several miles in, the tire gets a flat and they are unable to get cell phone signals to call for help. While repairing the car, Sam confronts Nick about how he thinks Nick is wasting his life being a musician, his latest fling with Christine being another mistake on his judgement list. As they are arguing, they are approached by a grizzly bear. Despite efforts of Nick to convince the group to calmly leave, Sam takes matters into his own hands and shoots the bear down with a handgun. After the bear dies, they are approached by a larger male bear who charges them in revenge, causing them to retreat into their car. In his rage, the bear overturns the car, trapping the humans inside. After striding around for several minutes, the bear leaves, allowing the crew to turn the car back over. But as they start driving, the axles break under both sets of tires, stranding them again. The group tries to leave on foot, but they are ambushed by the bear who chases them to an out-of-ground pipe. He tricks them into leaving for the car again and attacks again; this time he is able to catch Christine who is killed then dragged away while the others watch. Nick begins to think that the bear is taking out his revenge on them one-by-one due to a native American legend that bears are actually the reincarnated spirits of shaman and are capable of human thoughts and emotion. Sam dismisses this and they set a trap to try to keep the bear in the car in order for them to escape. The trap is sprung, but Nick is nearly killed by the bear, forcing Sam and Liz to release the bear and retreat back into the vehicle themselves. Sam opts as a marathon runner to jog the several miles to the restaurant, but when he arrives he is attacked before he can get help by the bear who followed him. Meanwhile, Liz tells Nick that she and Sam have been having serious financial troubles which has caused a rift in their marriage putting him into extraordinary debt and possibly under scrutiny for embezzlement from Sam's company, which is the reason he gave their father a Porsche . Sam is returned rather violently by the bear and released to climb into the car. Nick surmises there must be a reason Sam had been returned, and Liz reveals to him that she's pregnant. But it was established earlier that due to the rift in their marriage, they hadn't slept together in about six months while she is two months pregnant. Nick realizes that he is the father, due to an affair he and Liz had months prior which breaks Sam's heart and Nick realizes the true reason the bear had locked all three of them together; Sam, realizing that Liz might be happier with Nick offers to sacrifice himself and attack the bear so the other two can escape, as he is dying, Nick rushes to help and is killed as well. The bear approaches Liz, who sinks to her knees as the bear sniffs her, closing her eyes ready to die. But the attack never comes, and the bear instead leaves her alone, likely having sensed her pregnancy. As she begins down the road by herself, the camera turns to the bodies of Sam and Nick lying next to each other and the screen goes black."] ["Former CIA agent and ex-Special Forces member Dean Cage is in a rehab program, haunted by a botched mission in Bosnia which resulted in the execution of his best friend Scott. While in a restaurant waiting for his girlfriend, Detective Amy Knight , he is mistakenly believed to be a CIA agent involved with a stolen military experimental truth serum. He is abducted by the real thieves and injected with the drug, which makes him relive the moments from the failed Bosnian mission and unable to discern who are his allies and who are his enemies. Amy has six hours to find the antidote and save Dean's life."] ['Former CIA operative Bryan Mills wants to build a closer relationship with his teenage daughter Kim. She lives with her mother, Lenore and her wealthy stepfather, Stuart. During Kim\'s 17th birthday, he buys her an expensive karaoke machine only to be upstaged by Stuart, who surprises her with a horse. While working as security, Bryan saves pop star Sheerah from a knife-wielding assailant after a concert. Sheerah, grateful, agrees to tutor Kim after Bryan says she aspires to be a singer. At a lunch soon after, Kim asks Bryan for permission to travel to Paris with her friend Amanda. Bryan balks at the two girls travelling alone, but relents when Lenore complains that he is overprotective after being absent for most of Kim\'s life. At Los Angeles International Airport, he is dismayed to discover the girls are actually following U2 during their European tour, something Lenore knew but kept from him. Arriving in Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport, Kim and Amanda meet Peter, who offers to share a cab with them and invites them to a party. This is a ruse to gather information about where they are staying. At the apartment, Kim discovers that Amanda\'s cousins, with whom they are staying, and who are meant to be keeping an eye on them, are in fact in Spain. While talking to Bryan on the phone, Kim sees Amanda being kidnapped by intruders. Kim is taken shortly after, while Bryan records the incident. When a kidnapper picks up the phone, Bryan tries to bargain with him, threatening to kill him if he doesn\'t let her go. The kidnapper replies only "good luck" and hangs up. Bryan\'s former colleague Sam tells him that based on the recording, Kim has probably been taken by an Albanian human trafficking ring and that if she is not rescued within four days, she will likely never be found. Bryan travels to Paris on one of Stuart\'s private jets and finds Peter at the airport. After a confrontation and chase, Peter is hit and killed by a passing truck before Bryan can interrogate him. Bryan then seeks out Jean-Claude, a former French field agent who now works a desk job. Jean-Claude is relatively unhelpful but does direct Bryan to a district where an East European gang are prostituting women. Bryan follows one gangster to a makeshift brothel at a construction site, where he finds a girl wearing Kim\'s jacket. He fights off the brothel guards and escapes with the girl. After the girl awakens, she gives Bryan enough information about the house where she met Kim to allow him to find it. Bryan bluffs his way in and kills the thugs inside, sparing only Marko, the kidnapper he spoke to on the phone, whose voice he recognises. Searching the house, he finds several captive teens, including Amanda, who is dead from a forced heroin overdose. At the basement of the house, Bryan tortures Marko strapped to an electric chair until he reveals that Kim, being a virgin, was very valuable on the black market, and was sold to an auctioneer named Saint-Clair. Bryan leaves Marko to die from electrocution and visits Jean-Claude at home. Having deduced that Jean-Claude is corrupt, Bryan shoots Jean-Claude\'s wife in the arm and threatens to kill her unless Jean-Claude gives up Saint-Clair\'s address. At Saint-Clair\'s mansion, during a large party, Bryan infiltrates an auction of girls in a basement facility. His daughter is the last offering. Bryan forces a Middle Eastern bidder to purchase her. Though he is captured, Bryan frees himself and kills Saint-Clair\'s henchmen. He forces Saint-Clair to reveal where Kim has been taken before killing him. Bryan races to a luxury yacht owned by a sheikh. Jumping aboard, Bryan kills the boat\'s guards, and finally confronts the sheikh in his boudoir. Despite the sheikh holding a knife to Kim\'s throat, Bryan shoots him in the head and rescues his daughter. They return to the U.S. where she is reunited with her mother and stepfather. Afterward, Bryan takes Kim to see Sheerah for her first singing lesson.'] ["A San Francisco delivery man, Eddie Miller, struggles with his hatred of women. He's especially bothered by seeing women with their lovers. Miller knows he's sick, and out of despair, he self-inflicts burns on his right hand by holding it over a stove. The doctor treating the wound in an emergency room suspects he might need psychological help, but then gets too busy to follow through. Miller begins a killing spree as a sniper by shooting women from far distances. In an attempt to get caught, he writes an anonymous letter to the police begging them to stop him. As the killings continue, a psychologist has the keys  to finding the killer. The film is unusual in that its ending is completely non-violent, despite its genre and expectations raised throughout."] ["Jeanne and Paul are a wealthy couple who were in Thailand helping to establish an orphanage when the 2004 tsunami leveled the island. Jeanne and Paul had a young son who disappeared in the storm, and since his body has never been found, Jeanne holds out hope that he might still be alive, a hope that becomes a desperate concern when she sees a video of children being held by kidnappers in Burma which shows a child who looks like her boy. Eager to find out the truth, Paul pays a hefty fee to local outlaw Mr. Gao to escort him and Jeanne into a forbidden zone known only to Thailand's criminal underclass near the Burmese border. Jeanne and Paul soon find themselves out of their depth in a strange land they do not understand where dangerous men commune with the spirits of the dead."] ["Set in an unspecified country, Stowe's character is taken from her home in the middle of the night, accused of embedding anarchistic messages into her book, entitled Closet Land. The book is a story about a child who, as a result of bad behaviour, has been locked in a closet as punishment. While in there, the child is greeted by a group of childhood ally archetypes who innocently attempt to comfort the scared little girl. The seemingly simple content is questioned by the government, which accuses the author of encouraging and introducing anarchism among its audience of naïve children. While the interrogator is obstinate in his belief that the author is guilty of hidden propaganda, the audience is convinced of the victim's innocence. The audience later learns that the novel was actually created as a form of escapism, providing a coping mechanism for the author, who endured sexual abuse as a child. Near the end of the film, the interrogator claims that he was the man who had sexually abused the author in her childhood. But one cannot be entirely sure he was the one who abused her, as the film suggests he was just using the abuse against her as a way of breaking her down."] ['Despite suffering a traumatic past and battling a drinking problem, Russell Spivey is a successful police profiler. When he rejoins his team after a stint on psychiatric leave and finds himself on the trail of a serial killer, he must set aside his personal issues and do what he does best - delve into the mind of a murderer. But as Spivey gets closer to solving the case, it appears that the killer is now targeting him. Each victim is found with a mask - an all-too-familiar object of his childhood - and word games that leave him puzzled. Spivey must catch up with the Masked Murderer before he loses everyone he loves and his future becomes just as dark as his past.'] ['In London, a serial killer is raping women and strangling them with neckties. Most of the film takes place in Covent Garden, which at the time was still the wholesale fruit and vegetable market district. Fairly early in the film, the audience sees that fruit merchant Robert Rusk ([[Barry Foster  is in fact the murderer. However, circumstantial guilt has already built up around his friend, Richard Blaney . Blaney\'s ex-wife Brenda  runs a matchmaking service that Rusk used until he was blacklisted for beating up his dates. One day, Rusk shows up at her office and tries to seduce her; when she spurns his advances, he rapes and strangles her in a fit of rage. Suspicion falls on Blaney, who had earlier threatened her in public. The subsequent murder of Blaney\'s girlfriend, Barbara "Babs" Milligan , occurs off-screen: the audience sees her entering Rusk\'s apartment with him, but the camera then pulls back down the stairs all the way out to the other side of the street. The audience next sees Rusk at night carrying a large sack and lifting it into the back of a lorry among sacks of unsold potatoes bound for Lincolnshire. Rusk soon finds that his distinctive jeweled tie pin  is missing, and realises that Babs must have torn it off as he was murdering her. He climbs into the back of the lorry, but it starts off on its journey north. The killer desperately scrabbles through the sack of potatoes to find the dead woman\'s hand. Rigor mortis has set in, and he has to break her fingers in order to prise the pin from her grasp. Blaney is jailed, while protesting his innocence. Chief Inspector Oxford , the detective investigating the murders, reconsiders the previous events and begins to believe that he has arrested the wrong man. He discusses the case with his wife  in several scenes of black humour concerning her ineptitude as a cook. Blaney escapes from prison. Oxford knows he will head to Rusk\'s flat for revenge, and immediately goes there. Before this, Blaney arrives to find that the door to the flat is unlocked. He creeps in and sees what appears to be Rusk asleep in bed; he strikes the body twice with a metal bar. However, we see that the body is in fact the corpse of another of Rusk\'s female victims. Oxford bursts through the door. Blaney is still standing by the corpse holding the metal bar. They hear Rusk carrying something large and heavy up the staircase, so the two men wait in the flat. When Rusk enters, he is dragging a large trunk to cart away the body. The film ends with Oxford\'s urbane but pointed comment, "Mr. Rusk, you\'re not wearing your tie."'] ["A former family man and pianist studying at Juilliard music school, Romulus Ledbetter , now suffers from paranoid schizophrenia and lives in a cave in Inwood Park, New York. He believes that a man named Cornelius Gould Stuyvesant is controlling the world with rays from the top of the Chrysler Building, and that his mind is inhabited by moth-like seraphs. On Valentine’s Day, he discovers the frozen body of a young man, Scotty Gates , left in a tree outside his cave. The police, including Romulus's daughter Lulu , dismiss the man's death as accident however, a homeless ex-lover of Scotty tells Romulus that he was murdered by the famous photographer David Leppenraub . Determined to discover the truth behind Scotty’s death and prove his worth to his daughter, Romulus manages to get an invitation through a former friend to perform one of his compositions at Leppenraub’s farm. What unfolds thereafter is a twisted tale of mystery, deception, and a man's struggle against his own mind."] ['The film traces the sexual awakening of Theresa Dunn, a young teacher searching for excitement outside of her mundane existence. Suffering with severe body image issues and a sense of inadequacy following a childhood surgery that left a large scar on her back, Irish American Theresa finds first love with her older, married university professor, who ends the affair as her time in college comes to an end. The end of the affair leaves Theresa feeling used, and she begins daydreaming about being reunited with her professor. Theresa enters the sexual revolution of the 1970s feeling confused, as she is simultaneously repelled and attracted to the sexual experimentation she witnesses going on around her. Although she continues to teach by day, developing a reputation as a gifted and caring teacher to deaf children, at night she goes clubbing at a series of increasingly seedy bars, picking up men for one-night stands. The recreational sexual encounters slowly become an addiction, as Theresa begins pursuing more dangerous men with violent sexual proclivities to enhance her "high". She views her one night stands with shady low-lifes as a way to provide excitement and adventure to her otherwise boring and ordinary existence. An encounter with an Italian thug named Tony  develops into a nascent relationship, and the two begin regularly meeting for increasingly rough and dangerous sex, culminating in Tony\'s introduction of a switchblade knife into their sex play. Meanwhile, Theresa attempts to date a welfare case worker named James, whom her family holds up as the paragon of Irish-American youth. The relationship quickly falters, as James turns out to be just as shallow and emotionally manipulative as Tony. Theresa ultimately breaks up with Tony, who then stalks her, including harassing her outside the school where she works until the older brother of one of her students beats him up. With the new year approaching, Theresa resolves to leave her clubbing behind and take control of her life. Seeking one final hookup on New Year\'s Eve, Theresa picks up a man named Gary, who turns out to be a sexually confused war veteran. At Theresa\'s apartment, Gary finds himself unnable to attain an erection. Misreading Theresa\'s frustration as her questioning his sexuality, Gary attacks her and begins beating and raping her. After Theresa screams "Do it!" Gary stabs her to death. Theresa\'s dead face drifts farther away from the screen and into a black void as the film ends.'] ['Set in Sweden, the film is shown in flashbacks in the course of a trial in which a young woman with a half-hidden face, Anna Holm, is charged with murder. The events, as described by the witnesses, begin years before when aristocrat Torsten Barring hosts a party at a tavern. The guests include Vera, the faithless wife of noted plastic surgeon Gustav Segert. When the tavern refuses to extend his credit, Torsten meets the proprietress Anna &mdash; whose face is badly scarred from a fire 22 years ago caused by her father. Torsten treats Anna as if she is beautiful and charming rather than scarred and unpleasant. Anna is suspicious, and Torsten implies that he may need her help in the future. Anna is leader of a gang of blackmailers. She obtains letters proving Vera is having an affair and demands money. Gustav comes home unexpectedly and, thinking Anna a thief, wants to call the police, but Vera convinces him to let her go. Gustav becomes intrigued by Anna\'s scars and offers to perform plastic surgery on her. Anna is subjected to twelve operations. Within two years, she turns into a beautiful woman no longer ridiculed by strangers. After leaving Gustav\'s Swiss clinic, she returns to Torsten, who is amazed by her new physical beauty. She assures him that in spite of this, she has not yet joined the side of the angels. Torsten obliquely tells her that his uncle, Consul Magnus Barring, who is very old and very rich, is leaving everything to a four-year-old grandson. But, if something happens to the grandson, Torsten will inherit instead. Anna is horrified by what he is driving at, but is compelled through love for Torsten to agree. Using the name "Ingrid Paulson," Anna is hired as a governess on Torsten\'s recommendation and goes to live at the Barring chateau. She becomes fond of the kindly Consul and his sweet-natured grandson, Lars-Erik. Torsten soon joins them, but party guests include Gustav, who recognises "Ingrid" as Anna. Thinking that she has softened and changed her name to start a new life, Gustav does not reveal her true identity. The next day, Anna accidentally leaves Lars-Erik too long under a sun lamp. Her genuine distress makes Torsten suspicious of her resolve to kill the boy. He gives her an ultimatum that Lars-Erik must die before the next night and she reluctantly agrees. The incident, however, causes Gustav to become suspicious, especially after seeing Anna with Torsten at the nearby falls. Anna takes Lars-Erik for an open cable car ride across the falls. Halfway across, she loosens a bolt and the boy comes perilously close to falling to his death. Anna pulls him back to safety and hugs him, overcome with remorse. Seeing this, Gustav decides that she has changed for the better. On the Consul\'s birthday, Anna gives him a miniature chess set. A multiple sleigh ride in the snow is organised. Anna suddenly sees Lars-Erik in the same sleigh as Torsten. Panicking for the boy\'s safety, she gets Gustav to pursue them, confessing to the whole plot and how she now hates Torsten. When they reach the sleigh, Torsten won\'t stop so Anna takes out a gun and shoots him. They save the boy and Torsten\'s body slips into the falls. Anna stands trial for Torsten\'s murder, during which the whole story is made public. Gustav testifies under oath that he is in love with her. But the court is not fully satisfied that she killed in order to save the life of the boy. Anna reveals that she placed a suicide note confessing to the scheme inside the chess set that she gave to the Consul. His housekeeper, Emma Kristiansdotter, who resented the new governess, stole the note without reading it -- she assumed it to be a love letter and part of a scheme by Anna to seduce and marry the Consul for his money. While the judges adjourn to consider their verdict, Vera tries to reconcile with Gustav, but he has become aware of her numerous infidelities. He coaxes Anna into professing her love and he proposes marriage, after which the court attendant says that the judges are ready to give their decision, suggesting that Gustav might want to come along as well.'] ['Ryūichi and his small gang of Triad vie for control of the Japanese underworld in a crime-ridden Shinjuku quarter, while Detective Jojima tries to bring it down. Jojima attempts to start a gang war between the Triad and yakuza. Ryūichi and Jojima meet.  Dead or Alive series'] ["Abel Rosenberg is an American Jew in Berlin after World War I. Poverty and inflation have destroyed the German economy at the time. He lives with his sister-in-law Manuela, a prostitute and cabaret performer. The story takes place in the week following his brother's death. Abel takes a job offered by an acquaintance, Professor Hans Vergerus."] ["After a fight with his wife on their anniversary, Scott Henderson ([[Alan Curtis , a 32-year-old engineer, picks up an equally unhappy woman in a bar and they take a taxi to see a show. The woman refuses to tell him anything about herself. The star of the show, Estela Monteiro , becomes furious when she notices that both she and the mystery woman are wearing the same unusual hat. When Henderson returns home, he finds Police Inspector Burgess  and two of his men waiting to question him; his wife has been strangled with one of his neckties. Henderson has a solid alibi, but the bartender, taxi driver and Monteiro deny seeing the phantom lady. Henderson cannot even clearly describe the woman. He is tried and sentenced to death. Carol Richman , a loyal secretary secretly in love with her boss, sets out to exonerate him. She starts with the bartender. She sits in the bar night after night, staring at and unnerving him. Finally, she follows him home one night. When he confronts her on the street, some bystanders step in to restrain him. He breaks free, runs into the street and is run over. Later, Burgess offers to help ; he has become convinced that only a fool or an innocent man would have stuck to such a weak alibi. Burgess provides her with information about the drummer at the show, Cliff , who had tried to make eye contact with the mystery lady. Richman dresses gaudily and goes to the show. Rhythmic inter-cutting between Cliff's frantic drumming  and the leering responses of Richman leads to them going back to his apartment. Somewhat drunk, he brags that he was paid $500 for his false testimony. However, he becomes suspicious and finds a piece of paper with details about him. Richman manages to escape, leaving her purse behind. After she has gone, the real murderer, Henderson's best friend Jack Marlow , shows up at the apartment and strangles Cliff. Marlow, supposedly away on a job in South America, pretends to return to help Richman. She tracks down Monteiro's hatmaker, Kettisha . One of her employees admits to copying the hat for a regular customer and provides her name and address. With Burgess away on another case, Richman and Marlow go to see Ann Terry . They discover her under the care of Dr. Chase ; the man she was to marry had died suddenly, leaving her emotionally devastated. Richman is unable to get any information from her, but does find the hat. Marlow suggests they wait for Burgess at his apartment. However, while she is freshening up, Richman finds her purse and the paper with Cliff's particulars in a dresser drawer. Marlow admits he became enraged when Henderson's wife refused to run away with him; she was only toying with him. Fortunately for Richman, Burgess arrives just in time. Marlow throws himself out the window to his death. With Henderson freed, things appear to return to normal. However, Richman is delighted to learn  that her boss returns her love."] ["Walter, a scientist living in a dark world where technology has been outlawed, secretly works to create a self-aware android in his own likeness. This android, named Puzzlehead by Walter, acts as the scientist's companion and his connection to the outside world; all the time developing his own personality and self-awareness in the manner of a learning child. The android and his maker turn against one another when Puzzlehead pursues Julia, a woman who does not know Walter has feelings for her."] ["The film begins with the description of an obscure occult practice in which people feed aborted fetuses blood to raise 'young ghosts'. These ghosts become powerful and bring fortune to families but at the same time can be commanded to bring death. We then see an entire family hanging in a room and a young woman crawling beneath their feet. She then proceeds to hang herself. After the grisly opening the film fast forward to present day. A young architect is inheriting the house, recently back from abroad. After some argument, he manages to convince his dancer fiance to live with him, and they celebrate one night in the house. The next few days, strange things begin happening. Their friends start showing up at the house at midnight with no memory of how they got there. Footprints begin appearing on the floors, followed by strange noises. One of the friends is later found dead in their apartment, their neck bearing markings of being hung where no rope is present. The detective, suspicious of the couples late night visitors spends the night at their house hoping to catch them sneaking in. After being witness to the strange occurrences himself, he finds his himself showing up at the couples house late at night with no memory. In an effort to discover the mystery behind this strangeness, he handcuffs himself to his office, but that night, his body is found in the couple's house, his hands pulled from his sockets. The young fiance, disturbed by these events, seeks out the only living relative of her husband, the one who signed the house over to him. She finds her, and the answer to the mystery, in an insane asylum. The family who used to own the house used to raise ghosts in the manner described at the outset of the film. They would pay for dead fetuses on the black market and fed it their blood. After a while, he kisses the black arts, took a toll on the family, leaving some disabled or terminally ill. The family would take these cripples, and imprisoned them in the house using their blood for the ghosts. One of these cripples is the last living relative. Diagnosed with a brain tumor, she was cruelly sacrificed for the families wealth, driven to animal like living conditions. She had a twin sister who gave birth to the young architect, but she was crippled by the event and was put to the cruel fate her twin suffered. At the same time the brain tumor disappeared and the other twin returned to raise the baby for her own. The other twin, driven mad by her fall from grace, slashed her wrist and fed the ghost her blood, and commanded it to hang her entire family. Now her vengeful ghost haunts the house, sparing only her twin sister for having experience the same suffering as her. The couple, hoping to remove the ghost, take the shriveled fetus's from the attic and give them to a priest to care for. But the ghost kills their other friend, hanging her from an invisible rope in a bathroom stall. During his fiance's dance performance, the architect steals the fetus back from the priest, and returns home. His fiance is there, and she reveals the terrible news to him. She's pregnant. In a tearful moment she decides to stay with him forever, cursed by his child's imminent birth to continue the Yang family bloodline. The architect then knocks her unconscious, confessing his terrible secret. When he was still a child, he tried to free his true mother from her imprisonment, but having failed was drawn deeper into the family fold. He is the final member of his cursed bloodline, and tragically, he will be the last. He pounds his fiance's belly with his fist, trying to force an abortion and end the chain of horror. She awakens in a hospital, her fiance having committed suicide. In a final moment the doctor informs her that they have been able to save the baby...."] ['{{plot}} Fifteen years after Jim Halsey\'s horror filled trip through Texas at the mercy of a crazed murderer, he works as a police officer, but has recently been suspended for using excessive force on a kidnapping suspect. It is revealed his girlfriend, Maggie, has her own crop dusting business. Jim makes a call to retired Captain Esteridge in Texas, who asks Jim to come down to Texas to talk to him face to face about his mental scars that resulted from the incidents that occurred in The Hitcher. Maggie, who is unaware of the previous events, pleads with Jim to let her tag along. Arriving in Texas, the couple pick up a car that Esteridge has left for them, and set off to his house. Jim notices a sign along the highway warning motorists not to pick up hitchhikers, which leads to a series of flashbacks. The two see an RV that has been run off the road, with blood dripping through the door. Maggie wants to stop and help, but Jim speeds up, irritating her and making her more curious about his erratic behavior. Soon, a motorcycle speeds past them and wrecks. Maggie lets the driver into the back, against Jim\'s understandable protests. The hitcher reveals his name to be Jim , and after Maggie tells him her occupation he remarks "A farm girl!" He asks them what they are in Texas for, and Jim responds with "None of your damn business." The Hitcher doesn\'t appear fazed by Jim\'s impolite behavior. Jim suddenly envisions himself and Maggie being killed by the Hitcher, and pulls a gun on him and evicts him from the car. As they speed away, Jim informs Maggie of his last experiences with hitchers, while the Hitcher lights a cigarette and says to no one in particular, "Damn fool." An 18 wheeler stops behind him, and the Hitcher presumably steals it. Jim and Maggie continue to Esteridge\'s home, but are pulled over by a cop.In a factual error in the script, the policemen sees a gun holster on Jim and begins to arrest him for it, but carrying a firearm through Texas in this fashion is not illegal. The same 18 wheeler, however, pulls up. The driver steps out, and appears to be the same driver as earlier. The cop says something to the effect of, "Earl, I\'m on business here," to which the driver replies, "Well hell, so am I!" and promptly shoots the cop with a revolver. The man slides his \'hair\' off his head, and we can see it to be the Hitcher , who scalped the driver and wore his hair as a disguise. Jim and Maggie get into the car. The Hitcher tries to grab Maggie and is dragged by the car before being forced out. The couple then arrive at the Esteridge residence late at night. They find Mrs. Esteridge dead in the house, and then go to investigate the barn, finding the captain dead in there. Cops suddenly swarm the residence, including what appears to be the newest sheriff. Jim and Maggie discover the Hitcher in the hayloft of the barn, but can\'t do much about it, since the Hitcher has a shotgun and they don\'t. The Hitcher fires a few shots at Maggie but hits Jim when he pushes her out of the way. The Hitcher picks off several officers, causing a hail of bullets to be fired on Jim and Maggie. Maggie drags Jim into a truck inside the barn. She drives off with him, evading the cops and the Hitcher. Jim tells her to kill the Hitcher ASAP, no matter what he says, and dies. Maggie falls asleep in the desert. When she wakes up she is knocked unconscious, presumably, by the hitcher. She then wakes up inside an abandoned water tower with Jack leering down at her. He tells her to look out, the tower isn\'t very sturdy, and leaves. Maggie escapes as the tower collapses, and takes the 18-wheeler truck that the Hitcher stole earlier to a remote gas station. She goes in, finding a clerk. After making a phone call and using a water pump out back to clean up she returns to find the clerk dead. She picks up a souvenir tomahawk, sees another dead clerk, and the Hitcher in the clerk\'s uniform. He acts uniformly normal, taunting her. She asks him why he\'s doing this, and he responds, "Sometimes you just get bored of watching television." Taking the tomahawk from Maggie he then cuts off his finger with the intention of blaming Maggie when the cops arrive. The cops arrive and the Hitcher fires at them with a shotgun. He is grabbed by the cops, as is Maggie as she pursues him, and he concocts a fake story where she killed the clerks and cops and cut off his finger. He calls himself \'Jack\' in the station, rather than Jim, which convinces Maggie he is the same man as 15 years before. Maggie is being transported to jail as the sheriff begins to have doubts about her guilt. While Maggie is being transported to jail the van is struck and knocked on its side by an excavator which the Hitcher jumps out of. Jack then takes a gun from the deputy and shoots and kills the deputy in the driver seat before going to the back and shooting and killing the two remaining cops in the van and freeing Maggie from the van by taking the cuff key from one of the deputies. He tosses the key and the revolver to her to make it appear that she killed all the policemen. The sheriff tries talking Maggie down thinking she killed the cops. He is, however, shot by Jack who then gets into a pickup truck. Maggie takes several bad shots at him, and he gets away. Realizing now that there is no way to prove her innocence, Maggie finally becomes aware that the only way to end all this is to kill Jack before the police find and kill her. Jack later pulls up to a tanker truck parked along the side of the road, kills the driver and takes the tanker truck. Maggie steals a mail carrier plane from a nearby airfield, and goes after Jack. They exchange gunfire, air to ground style, before Maggie kamikazes the plane into the truck. She escapes the fireball, as does the truck, which grinds to a halt. She approaches it and finds an unconscious Jack. She ties him up to the truck, . Jack wakes up and pleads not to kill him because he claims not to be the same person, but Maggie cares little, and places a bag of feed on the clutch, ripping it open with a knife, slowly causing the truck to roll forward. However, the police show up again. Still thinking that Maggie is responsible for all the killings, they free Jack and shoot Maggie in the leg as she attempts to enter the truck\'s cab. Predictably, as soon as he is free, Jack grabs a gun from the holster of one of the policemen and, in seconds, shoots and kills both cops. Maggie picks up a shotgun, aiming at him while limping away from Jack standing beside the truck. Jack taunts Maggie one last time by pointing his gun at her and saying: "Are you still scared?" Maggie replies: "No. I just don\'t want to get burned." Maggie aims the shotgun at the tanker, which is leaking flammable fluid caused from the crash. She fires a shotgun blast at the leak, igniting the fluid. The truck explodes, incinerating Jack and blowing him to pieces. The film then ends with Maggie dropping the shotgun to the ground and standing in the road facing the remains of the burning truck, relieved that Jack is finally dead. It is implied that Maggie still is on the run.'] ['In Greentown, Illinois, a small town enjoying the innocence of an upcoming autumn as the days grow shorter, two young boys—reserved Will Halloway and somewhat rebellious Jim Nightshade—leave from an after-school detention for "whispering in class" and hurry off for home. When the boys hear about a strange traveling carnival, Mr. Dark\'s Pandemonium Carnival, from a lightning-rod salesman, they decide to see what it is all about, but Will is fearful, as most carnivals end their tours after Labor Day. When the ominous Mr. Dark, the Illustrated Man, rides into town on a dark midnight, setting up his massive carnival in a matter of seconds, the boys are both thrilled and terrified. It seems to be just another carnival at first, but it is not before long that the forces of darkness are manifesting from the haunting melodies of the carousel—which can change your age depending on which way you ride it—and from the glaring Mirror Maze. With his collection of freaks and oddities, such as the Fat Man, Mr. Electro, and the blind Dust Witch, Dark intends to take control of the town and seize more innocent souls to damn. It will take all the wit and hope of the two boys to save their families and friends, with aid from an unlikely ally, Will\'s father, the town librarian, who understands more than anyone else that "something wicked this way comes".'] ["The film opens just after world-famous opera singer Alice Alquist has been murdered. The perpetrator bolted, without the jewels he sought, after being interrupted by a child&mdash;Paula , Alice's niece, who was raised by her aunt following her mother's death. Paula is sent to Italy so that she can train to be an opera star with the same teacher who once trained Alice. She studies with him for years, all the while trying to forget that terrible night at Number 9 Thornton Square in London. Paula meets Gregory Anton  and soon falls in love with him. She eventually ends her long tutelage to marry him. He persuades her they should live in the long-vacant London townhouse her aunt bequeathed her and, to help calm her anxieties, suggests they store all of Alice's furnishings away in the attic. Before they do, Paula discovers a letter addressed to her aunt by a man named Sergius Bauer, dated only two days before the murder, tucked away in a music book. Gregory's reaction is swift and violent, but he quickly composes himself, explaining his outburst as one of frustration at the bad memories his bride is experiencing. After Alice's things are packed away in the attic and the door blocked, things take a turn for the bizarre. At the Tower of London, Paula loses a brooch that Gregory had given her, despite its having been stored safely in her handbag. A picture disappears from the walls of the house, and Gregory says that Paula took it, but Paula has no recollection of having done so. Paula also hears footsteps coming from above her, in the sealed attic, and sees the gaslights dim and brighten for no apparent reason. Gregory suggests that these are all figments of Paula's imagination.  Gregory does everything in his power to isolate his wife from other people. He allows her neither to go out nor to have visitors, implying he is doing so for her own good, because her nerves have been acting up, causing her to become a kleptomaniac and to imagine things that are not real. On the one occasion when he does take her out to a musical gathering at a friend's house, he shows Paula his watch chain, from which his watch has mysteriously disappeared. When he finds it in her handbag, she becomes hysterical, and Gregory takes her home. She sees why she should not go out in public. The young maid, Nancy , does little to improve the situation. Whenever she shows up, her face betrays a feeling of disdain; Paula becomes convinced that Nancy loathes her. Unknown to Paula, her husband is in fact Sergius Bauer, her aunt's murderer. He sought out Paula in Italy, managed to win her heart, married her, and suggested they live in London, all with the aim of getting back into the house to continue searching for Alice's jewels. He has been secretly rummaging through Alice's belongings in the attic to find the jewels he is certain are there. Gregory, the husband, does everything in his power to convince his wife that she is going mad. After she is certified insane and institutionalized, he can search without impediment for the jewels. The footsteps she hears in the attic are thus his, and the flickering gaslights he claims she has imagined are in reality caused by him turning the attic lights on, reducing the flow of gas to the downstairs lights. The plan almost works. Paula is saved by a chance encounter with a stranger at the Tower of London. He turns out to be Inspector Brian Cameron of Scotland Yard , an admirer of Alice Alquist since his childhood. By enlisting the support of the housekeeper Elizabeth   and a neighborhood busybody , Cameron is able to delve into the long-cold case. The dramatic conclusion comes as he moves in to arrest Gregory on the evening that Gregory at last discovers the jewels that he has sought for so long. The dénouement partly involves Paula indulging herself in a bit of revenge, psychologically torturing Gregory after he's been bound to a chair, tantalizing him with the suggestion that she might free him so he can escape arrest, trial, and execution."] ['Kate Coleman  and her husband John  are experiencing strains in their marriage after their third child was stillborn. The loss is particularly hard on Kate, who is also recovering from alcoholism. The couple decides to adopt a 9-year-old Russian girl, Esther , from the local orphanage. While Kate and John\'s deaf-mute daughter Max  embraces Esther almost immediately, their son Daniel  is less welcoming. Kate becomes suspicious that there might be problems in Esther\'s background when Esther expresses far more knowledge of sex than expected of a child her age. Her suspicions deepen when Esther seriously injures another girl at a local park. While she initially believes Esther\'s claim that it was an accident, Kate is further alarmed when Sister Abigail , the head of the orphanage, warns her and John that bad things always seem to happen when Esther is around. Esther overhears this and, as Sister Abigail is leaving in her car, Esther pushes Max into its path, forcing her to swerve off the road. Sister Abigail rushes to see if Max is hurt, but Esther kills her with a hammer, then convinces Max to help her hide the weapon in their treehouse. Kate is convinced that something is very wrong with Esther, but John does not believe her. Attempting to find out more about Esther, Kate finds the girl\'s hidden Bible and discovers that it came from the Saarne Institute in Estonia, which she eventually learns is a mental hospital. She {{nowrap}} a picture of Esther to them and asks for more information. That night, Max shows a drawing explaining what Esther did to Sister Abigail. When Daniel learns about Sister Abigail\'s death from Max, he tells her of his plan to retrieve the hammer to prove Esther\'s guilt. However, Esther overhears their conversation and confronts Daniel as he searches the treehouse, setting it ablaze and locking Daniel inside in an attempt to kill him and destroy the evidence. Daniel falls to the ground trying to escape, and is knocked unconscious. Esther attempts to finish him off with a rock, but Max stops her. While Daniel is hospitalized from his fall, Esther slips into his room and smothers him with a pillow, stopping his heart, but doctors quickly revive him. Kate, realizing what happened, attacks Esther, but orderlies help John restrain her. As John takes Esther and Max home, doctors sedate Kate. That night, Esther preps up herself and tries to seduce a drunken John, who finally believes Kate was right and threatens to send Esther back to the orphanage. Meanwhile, as Kate is coming out of sedation, she receives a call from a doctor at the Saarne Institute, who reveals that Esther is actually a 33-year-old woman named Leena Klammer. She has hypopituitarism, a condition that stunted her physical growth, and has spent most of her life posing as a little girl. The doctor tells Kate that Leena is extremely violent and has murdered at least seven people, and that she bears scars on her neck and wrists, which Esther always kept covered, received while trying to escape her strait jacket. Among her victims were a family that adopted her in Estonia, whom she killed because the father rejected her sexual advances. Leena flies into a rage after being spurned by John, and ransacks her room. Then, after removing the makeup, false teeth, and body wrappings that enhanced her illusion as youthful "Esther", Leena kills him with a knife. Max witnesses this, and hides. Kate, unable to get John on the phone, rushes home and finds him dead. Leena gets a gun from John\'s safe and shoots Kate in the arm, then goes searching for Max, finding her in the greenhouse. While Leena shoots at Max, Kate crawls onto the greenhouse roof, breaks through the glass above Leena, and lands on her, knocking her out. Kate takes the gun and leaves the greenhouse with Max. Leena regains consciousness and finds Kate and Max outside near a frozen pond. Leena lunges at Kate, knocking the gun out of Kate\'s hand and hurling them both onto the ice. As Max watches from a hill above, she picks up the gun and tries to shoot Leena, but hits and shatters the ice instead, causing Kate and Leena to drop into the water. After a brief struggle, Kate climbs partially out of the pond with Leena desperately clinging to her legs. Leena, hiding a knife behind her back and reverting to her little-girl persona, begs Kate not to let her die. Kate angrily responds that she is not her mother, and kicks Leena in the face, breaking her neck and sending her sinking back into the pond. Max and Kate are met by the police moments after. The end.'] ['Freakshow portrays a gang of thieves, working as security guards in a traveling carnival, who plot to steal their rich owner\'s fortune. Lucy, one of the thieves, attempts to take the fortune by herself by seducing the Boss and marrying him. The youngest member of the Freakshow stumbles across a few of the gang members stealing food and she is murdered by the thieves. When the murder is discovered, the freaks plot revenge. In a variety of gruesome ways, the thieves are murdered by the freaks. Lucy attempts to escape punishment by swearing her love for the carnival Boss. The freaks "spare" her by giving her a freakshow "act" which will make her a full member of their troop. They mutilate her, cut out her tongue, sew her mouth shut, strip her flesh, and cut off her limbs small parts at a time and finally display her in the Freakshow Gallery as "The Worm Girl". This film is rated R for gore and nudity.'] ["Tim Brett  is a former drug addict who has written a book about his experience and has been published. He has been clean for about a year. He had recently become acquainted with his aunt , a philanthropist who expresses interest in helping some of Tim's former acquaintances. She is found murdered soon after. Tim starts a relationship with Juliet , the woman who found his aunt's body, and they are soon engaged. Dissatisfied with the progress that the police are making in his aunt's murder case, he begins to ask questions of some of his aunt's acquaintances. He then begins to receive warnings from unknown persons to stop his inquiries. He meets an elderly woman on the train. She hands him a note of supposed comfort, asking him to read it at home. The note turns out to be a warning about leaving matters to the police, apparently typed on his own typewriter. There's also an ominous laugh recorded on Tim's own tape recorder, indicating that someone had been in his apartment. Tim is then visited by a police sergeant, Sgt. Matthews, who informs him that the woman on the train had lodged a complaint against Tim. Sgt. Matthews takes Tim's information but after the woman is also killed, Tim finds out that there is no sergeant by that name working at the police station. Tim is later assaulted on the streets at night by two men who leave him lying on the ground with a hypodermic needle. Tim throws the needle away down a gutter. He makes contact with a secret government agency which tells him that they are after the people who are threatening him, but all is - again - not what it seems to be. As the situation continues, Tim and Juliet's wedding fast approaches."] ['The film centres on Jeff Stenn , a successful writer who is happily married to his wife, Tree . Jeff, due to a shortage of money, accepts a job to write a screenplay about a real-life homicide that happened 35 years earlier. A seemingly psychotic director  who believed that creativity had unleashed dark forces, killed his pregnant wife and in-laws for no apparent reason before committing suicide. As Jeff continues to work on the screenplay, several accidents occur around him that directly mirror events in his script. Jeff begins to think that his writing has the power to affect reality, and must question whether finishing the script will bring about the death of his own family.'] ['{{plot}} While driving at night along the San Francisco coast, architect-developer Dan Merrick  and his wife Judith  are involved in a violent car wreck. Judith is thrown clear, but Dan sustains major facial injuries and significant brain trauma, resulting in total amnesia. After extensive plastic surgery, Dan returns home in the care of his wife Judith. Frustrated by his lack of memory, Dan relies on those close to him to help him restore his past, including his business partner Jeb Scott  and Jeb\'s wife Jenny , who appears to know more than she lets on. While recovering, Dan has frequent flashbacks of imagery he believes to be events that led up to his fateful car crash. As days go by, Dan finds discrepancies in the stories he hears about his "former self". At one point, he stumbles upon photographs showing Judith sleeping with another man. Dan asks Jeb if his marriage was in trouble before the crash, and Jeb confirms as much. At his office, Dan finds an expensive bill he paid to a pet store, and follows up by visiting its proprietor, Gus Klein . Gus informs him that the payment was actually for services he provided as a private investigator, which he moonlights as. Gus tells Dan he hired him to tail his wife Judith, and that his investigation had revealed she was indeed cheating on him with a man named Jack Stanton . Despite Gus\' advice to let it go, Dan intensifies his efforts to find the truth. He overhears Judith arranging a meeting with Jack Stanton, and promptly follows her. Judith stops at the site of an old shipwreck, which is apparently slated for removal by Dan\'s company to make way for a high profile land development. Assuming the wreck is a key in remembering his past, Dan has its removal postponed. One night, Jeb\'s wife Jenny tells Dan there is significantly more to his accident than he\'s aware of. Citing medical evidence and knowledge of the affair, Jenny accuses Judith of planning the accident to eliminate Dan, freeing her to pursue her relationship with Stanton. Now more suspicious than ever, Dan works with Gus to keep tabs his wife with wiretaps. After intercepting a communication between Judith and Stanton, Dan and Gus tail Judith to the hotel where she is to meet with him. Stanton leaves minutes after arriving, and a chase ensues through a heavily wooded area. After shots are fired from Stanton\'s car, Dan and Gus crash and Stanton escapes. Gus warns Dan to remain vigilant, and lends him a revolver for protection. That evening, Stanton\'s car arrives at Dan\'s home. Fearing the worst, Dan arms himself and lies in wait. At gunpoint, the intruder is revealed to actually be Dan\'s wife Judith disguised as Jack Stanton. Judith hastily explains that Jack Stanton is actually dead, and that Dan killed him the night of the accident. According to Judith, she had intended to stop the affair with Stanton, but Dan murdered him before knowing this. Judith goes on to explain that she and Dan decided to cover up the murder by disposing Stanton\'s body in the shipwreck, and that she had hidden these facts to protect her husband. However, when Dan reveals he postponed the ship\'s removal, Judith becomes hysterical and suggests they both should flee. Dan receives a frantic phone call from Jenny imploring him to see her. Upon arriving, Dan finds Jenny dead, and is confronted at gunpoint by Gus, who intercepted Jenny\'s call via the planted wiretaps. Gus explains he now thinks Dan indeed murdered Jack Stanton, and threatens to call the police. Pleading for his life, Dan convinces Gus to visit the shipwreck, so that they can find the remains of the body that will either vindicate or condemn him. Dan and Gus search the shipwreck, finding a chemical storage container. After opening the container, Dan dredges up a body of a man that looks exactly like himself—Dan Merrick. In a moment of clarity brought on by this shocking development, Dan suddenly realizes he is not Dan Merrick—he is, in truth, Jack Stanton. Flooded with flashbacks, Jack pieces together the real events that led up to the accident: An abusive Dan confronted his wife Judith with evidence of her infidelity. She called Jack for help, and Jack raced to her home, arriving moments too late to prevent her from shooting and killing her husband. Jack believed they should go to the police, but Judith convinced him to cover up the murder and hide Dan\'s body in the ship. After hiding the body, Jack told Judith he wanted out of the relationship. This angered Judith, and while distracted, she drove the two into the spectacular car wreck that began the tale. Now knowing the truth, Gus observes that Judith had banked on the chemicals in the ship dissolving Dan\'s body, but because it was actually Formaldehyde, she had ironically preserved the body instead of destroying it. He suggests the two leave, but is shot by Judith, who had followed them unsuspectingly. Judith forces Jack to leave at gunpoint. With Jack in the passenger seat, Judith drives erratically down the same stretch of road the two did the night of the accident. She claims she hid the real facts from Jack so that he\'d have plausible deniability, and for his own peace of mind. The night of the crash, plastic surgeons simply assumed the man she was with was her husband Dan, since he and Jack shared the same build. She went along with this mistaken identity, and nursed Jack back to health as her husband Dan. Distracted by a police helicopter Judith loses control of the gun to Dan. Out of options, Judith decides to kill both of them in a suicidal car crash, but Jack rolls out at the last second, while she plummets to her death on the shoreline below. The police helicopter lands, and an injured—but alive—Gus Klein emerges. The police pilot calls Jack "Dan", asking him if he\'s OK. Jack doesn\'t correct him, and he and Gus walk back to the copter.'] ['Nelson Wright , convinces four of his medical school classmates — Joe Hurley , David Labraccio , Randall Steckle  and Rachel Manus  — to help him discover what lies beyond death. Nelson flatlines for one minute before his classmates resuscitate him. While "dead", he experiences a sort of afterlife. He sees a vision of a boy he bullied as a child, Billy Mahoney. He merely tells his friends that he can\'t describe what he saw, but something is there. The others decide to follow Nelson\'s daring feat. Joe flatlines next, and he experiences an erotic afterlife sequence. He agrees with Nelson\'s claim that something indeed exists. David is third to flatline, and he sees a vision of a black girl, Winnie Hicks , that he bullied in grade school. The three men start to experience vivid hallucinations that are related to their afterlife visions, but Nelson\'s circumstances are particularly freakish; he is repeatedly physically attacked by Billy Mahoney and each day presents with fresh cuts and wounds. Joe, engaged to be married, is haunted by home videos that he secretly filmed of his sexual trysts with other women. David is confronted by a vision of Winnie Hicks on a train, and she verbally taunts him like he did to her. At Rachel\'s insistence, the group agrees to let her flatline next. David, disturbed by his hallucinations, has a change of heart and tries to stop the others from giving Rachel their same fate, but she has already flatlined by the time he arrives. Rachel nearly dies after the power goes out, and the men are unable to shock her with the defibrillator paddles. Luckily they manage to recusitate her, but she, too, begins experiencing haunting flashbacks: in her case, memories of her father committing suicide when she was a young girl. One by one, the other men open up about their harrowing experiences to one another, and David decides to put his visions to a stop. He tracks down Winnie Hicks, now grown up, and travels to her home to offer an apology. Winnie thanks him, and accepts his apology. David immediately feels a weight lifted off his shoulders. Nelson, who has accompanied David on the trip, remains alone in David\'s truck and catches a glimpse of Billy Mahoney darting past outside. Suddenly Billy appears inside the truck and attacks him with a pickaxe. Nelson struggles to fend him off and David arrives on the scene just in time to end the hallucination and prevent serious injury to Nelson. Meanwhile, Joe\'s fiancée, Anne , unexpectedly comes to his apartment, and she breaks off their engagement after discovering his videos. Joe\'s visions cease after Anne leaves him. Rachel seeks comfort in the arms of David, and the two spend the night together in bed. While Rachel and David are together, Nelson brings Steckle and Joe to the gravesite of Billy Mahoney. He reveals a long-kept secret: he and his friends inadvertently killed Billy Mahoney as youngsters when they chased him up a tree and pelted him with rocks, causing him to fall to his death. Nelson mutters to himself about making amends, then suddenly storms off, leaving Joe and Steckle stranded. David leaves Rachel alone in order to pick up Joe and Steckle from the cemetery. While alone, Rachel goes to the bathroom, and encounters her father. He apologizes to his daughter, and her guilt over his death is lifted when she discovers that he was addicted to heroin. Rachel receives a phone call from Nelson, who tells her that he needs to flatline again in order to make amends. He apologizes for involving her and their friends in his plan before hanging up. Rachel and the other three men realize what Nelson is planning and race to save him, eventually reaching him more than nine minutes after his phone call. They work feverishly to save him, but too much time has passed and they decide to give up. Meanwhile, in the afterlife a young Nelson has reversed roles with Billy Mahoney and is being pelted with rocks by him and his other friends while up in the tree. Young Nelson falls from the tree, morphing into the older Nelson just before hitting the ground. He looks up to see Billy Mahoney standing over him and smiling before slowly walking away into a bright light, having made peace. In an act of utter frustration, David gives Nelson one last shock. Miraculously, Nelson is resucitated, and after regaining consciousness he tells them, "Today wasn\'t a good day to die."'] ['Robert Syverton , who once dreamed of being a great film director, recalls the events leading to an unstated crime. In his youth, he saw a horse break its leg, after which it was shot and put out of its misery. Years later, in 1932, he wanders into a dance marathon about to begin in the shabby La Monica Ballroom, perched over the Pacific Ocean on the Santa Monica Pier, near Los Angeles. He is recruited by MC  Rocky  as a substitute partner for a cynical malcontent named Gloria , when her original partner is disqualified due to an ominous cough. Among the other contestants competing for a cash prize of $1500 are Harry Kline , a middle-aged sailor; Alice , a would-be Jean Harlow with delusions of grandeur, and her partner Joel , an aspiring actor; and impoverished farm worker James  and his pregnant wife Ruby . Early in the marathon the weaker pairs are eliminated quickly, while Rocky observes the vulnerabilities of the stronger contestants and exploits them for the audience\'s amusement. Already frayed nerves are exacerbated by the theft of one of Alice\'s dresses and Gloria\'s displeasure at the attention Alice receives from Robert. In retaliation, she takes Joel as her partner, but when he receives a job offer and departs, she aligns herself with Harry. Weeks into the marathon, in order to spark the paying spectators\' enthusiasm, Rocky stages a series of derbies in which the exhausted remaining contestants, clad in track suits, must race around the dance floor, with the last three couples eliminated. Harry suffers a fatal heart attack during one of these, and an undeterred Gloria lifts him on her back and crosses the finish line. It is clear that Harry dies as Gloria drags him. Alice, witnessing this at the end of her rope, suffers a breakdown and is taken away. Robert and Gloria, now without partners, once again pair up. Rocky suggests the couple marry during the marathon, a publicity stunt guaranteed to earn them some cash in the form of gifts from supporters such as Mrs. Laydon . When Gloria refuses, he reveals the contest is not what it appears to be on the surface. Numerous expenses will be deducted from the prize money, leaving the winner with close to nothing. Shocked by the revelation, the couple drops out of the competition. Distraught and despondent, Gloria confesses how empty inside she is. She tells Robert that she wants to kill herself, but when she takes out a gun and points it at herself, she cannot pull the trigger. Desperate, she asks Robert, "Help me." He obliges. Questioned by the police as to the motive for his action, Robert responds: "They shoot horses, don\'t they?" This final line of dialogue, echoing the film\'s title, is the "coup de grâce": the "blow of mercy." In committing assisted suicide, Robert is found guilty of murder and sentenced to be executed. His fate is not explicitly stated or depicted, but it is suggested through the film\'s use of flash-forwards and symbolism. The marathon continues with its few remaining couples, including James and Ruby. The eventual winners are never revealed.'] ["Four crooks  plan and execute a robbery on a payroll van, using the inside knowledge of Dennis Pearson, who works as an accountant at the firm. Pearson is under pressure to support his wife Katie ([[Françoise Prévost  who demands a higher standard of living. However the van driver, Harry Parker, is killed during the heist, whilst Bert is fatally wounded by Parker's colleague Frank Moore, who opens fire as the gang open the back door of the van. They manage to get away with £100,000. Parker's widow Jackie , decides to take matters into her own hands, and finds out that Pearson was the 'inside man'. She finds him by ringing all the Pearsons in the phone directory until she locates him, and then starts posting threatening letters to him. Katie however in the meantime has become involved with Johnny, hoping to get some of the money for herself. As the gang start to argue amongst themselves, they are pursued by both Katie and Jackie. The film's climax takes place in Norfolk, with Johnny and Katie double-crossing each other and Jackie tracking Johnny in her bid for revenge. Payroll was relatively unusual for the time in being shot on location in Newcastle."] ["The film begins with a wealthy German family - Georg , his wife Anna , his son Georgie , and their dog Rolfi - arriving at their Austrian lake house. They spot their next-door neighbor Fred  accompanied by two young Viennese men, Peter  and Paul , one of whom Fred introduces as the son of a friend while paying a visit. The two men begin imposing themselves on the family's courtesy, and in the process destroy their phone and ruin all their eggs. Eventually a frustrated Anna demands that the men leave, asking Georg to eject them from the premises. Paul kills Rolfi, Peter breaks Georg's leg with the latter's golf club, and the two men take the family hostage, forcing it to participate in a number of sadistic games in order to stay alive. Paul asks if the family wants to bet that they will be alive by 09:00 in the morning, though he doubts that they will win. Between playing their games, the two men keep up a constant patter, and Paul frequently ridicules Peter's weight and lack of intelligence. He describes a number of contradicting stories of Peter's past, though no definitive explanation is ever presented as to the men's origins or motives. When some of the family's other neighbors arrive for a visit, Anna passes the men off as friends until the visitors leave—much in the same way Fred did at the beginning of the film. Georgie eventually escapes to the house next door, but finds the family dead. He attempts to shoot Paul with a shotgun, but it is not loaded. Paul returns him to the house, along with the gun. After a few more games, Peter plays a counting-out game between the family members and shoots Georgie while Paul is in the kitchen. Both intruders leave. Georg and Anna weep for their loss, but eventually resolve to survive. Anna flees the house while Georg, with a broken leg, tries to get help with the malfunctioning phone. Anna struggles to find help, but eventually Peter and Paul reappear, capture her, and return to the house. They kill Georg and take Anna out on the family's boat early the next morning. Around eight o'clock, Paul casually throws the bound Anna into the water to drown, thus winning their bet. They dock at the house of the neighbors that had previously visited the family, and request some eggs, thereby restarting their cycle of murder."] ["In Meadowvale, California, on June 9, 1970, three babies are born at the height of a total eclipse. Due to the sun and moon blocking Saturn, which controls emotions, the babies develop into children who are heartless and uncaring, with no feelings of remorse for their awful offences. Ten years later, in 1980, Curtis, Debbie and Steven begin to kill the adults around them and are able to escape detection because of their youthful and innocent façades. However, when Timmy and Joyce discover their crimes, they find themselves as the targets of the evil children. Their attempt to warn their neighbors about them are ignored. Soon enough, Beverly discovers Debbie's horrible secret with the newspaper clippings as evidence as proof and learns that she, Curtis and Steven were responsible for the murders. She realises that Joyce and Timmy were telling the truth all along and confronts her sister for it. Beverly and Mrs. Brody forbids Debbie from hanging out with Curtis and Steven. Debbie responds by killing her older sister in retaliation with a bow and arrow. They soon attempt to murder Joyce and Timmy. However, they fight back and manages to capture Steven and Curtis. While Timmy calls the police from a neighbor's house, Debbie manages to escape from the backyard and gets inside her mother's car. She manages to lie about Curits and Steven trying to set her up to take the fall for the attacks. At the end, Curtis and Steven are arrested by the police much to the shock and anger of the town. Before being taken away, Curtis smiles evilly at Joyce and Timmy, intending for revenge. The last scene shows Debbie playing with a tool outside the motel room next to a truck and her mother comes out looking for her. It's revealed that they are in the Witness Protection program after what happened. Her mother has Debbie recite her name again as Beth Simpson and she promises to be a good girl. After they leave, it's revealed that she has murdered a truck driver."] ['A couple, Carter and Meghan, decide that they should hire a live-in sitter so that they can both work and support their two children, Max and Casey. Abby Reed answers their advertisement and they move her in immediately. After some initial rough spots with the kids, the family warms to Abby.Review at Dreadcentral'] ["Grant is an accountant with a bad marriage and a daughter whom he loves. He takes to the road to service his accounts in Las Vegas. While there he meets seductive Marissa. They have a week-long affair which culminates in the arrival of Marissa's ex-boyfriend, Joey. Joey attempts to kill the lovers, but Grant gets the upper hand and in turn kills Joey. Grant and Marissa then drive Joey's body to Zyzzyx Road and Grant buries Joey in the desert there. The next morning, the body is missing and something is trying to kill Grant and Marissa."] ["A gang of violent neo-Nazi skinheads from Footscray, Victoria, Australia attack two Vietnamese-Australian teenagers in a subway tunnel at Footscray Station . The gang is led by Hando  and his friend and second in command, Davey . They meet drug addict Gabrielle  the day after her sexually abusive, highly affluent father Martin ([[Alex Scott , has her junkie boyfriend beaten up. Gabrielle starts a romantic association with Hando. Some of gang's skinhead friends visit from Canberra, one of whom has joined the Royal Australian Navy and is home on leave. After a long night of drinking, fighting, and sex, two members of the gang go to their local pub. Unbeknown to them the owner has sold it to a Vietnamese Australian businessman. Upon seeing the new owner and his sons, they inform Hando. Hando and his gang arrive and savagely beat the new owner's sons. A third Vietnamese youth phones for help, and several armed Vietnamese men descend on the skinheads. The Vietnamese outnumber the skinheads and a few are killed. The Vietnamese force them to retreat to their rented warehouse, where the Vietnamese ransack the building before setting it on fire. The skinheads find a new base at a nearby warehouse after evicting a pair of squatters, and plan their revenge against the Vietnamese. Learning that gang members plan to buy a gun, two female friends of the gang depart. Gabrielle suggests the gang burgle her father's mansion. They ransack the house, beating Martin up, smashing one of his cars and raiding his wine collection. Gabrielle tells Martin that the burglary is revenge for his years of abuse. Later she reveals to Davey her plan to take Hando away from his violent life. Martin eventually frees himself and uses a handgun to scare away the gang before they can take any of his property. Davey begins to have doubts about his violent life style. Gabrielle criticises Hando's handling of the robbery and he abruptly dumps her. Davey announces his intention to leave at the same time, giving Gabrielle the address of his German grandmother, where he will be staying. Gabrielle informs the police of the gang's location and then spends the night with Davey. Davey reveals his doubts about his violent lifestyle, having removed the racist patches from his flight jacket out of concern for his grandmother. The police raid the warehouse while Hando is out. The youngest skinhead is shot dead after pointing a non-working gun at police. Police arrest the rest of the gang. Hando watches from a distance and flees. Arriving at Davey's flat, Hando finds his friend in bed with Gabrielle. Hando accuses her of informing the police, but Davey says they were together the whole time since leaving the squat. Hando convinces Davey to stick by him, and the trio go on the run. They rob a service station, and Hando strangles the Asian attendant to death. Driving all night, they stop at a beach. On the beach, Gabrielle overhears a conversation wherein Hando tries to convince Davey to leave her behind. Gabrielle then sets their car on fire. She admits to phoning the police. Hando attacks her, attempting to drown her in the surf. Davey stabs Hando in the neck with his Hitler Youth knife, killing him. Davey cradles a horrified Gabrielle on the beach watched by a busload of Japanese tourists, while Hando's bloody corpse gazes at the ocean."] ['Tom Stall  is a local restaurant owner in the small town of Millbrook, Indiana. One night two men attempt to rob the restaurant. When one of the criminals is about to kill the waitress, Tom deftly kills both robbers, and his actions make him an overnight celebrity. He is soon visited by scarred gangster Carl Fogarty  who alleges that Tom is actually a gangster named Joey Cusack, who had dealings with him in the Irish Mob in Philadelphia many years ago. Tom vehemently denies these accusations and claims he has never been to Philadelphia, as well as never meeting him before, but Fogarty remains persistent in his claims and continues to stalk the Stall family. Under pressure from Fogarty and his newfound fame, Tom\'s relationships with his wife Edie , teenage son Jack , and young daughter Sarah  become strained. After an argument with Tom over the use of violence after he brutally assaults a bully at school, Jack runs off and is caught by Fogarty. With Jack as his hostage, Fogarty and his men go to the Stall house and demand that "Joey" return with them to Philadelphia. Tom kills Fogarty\'s men with the same precision he used against the robbers, while Jack kills Fogarty with a shotgun in defense of his father. At the hospital, Edie confronts Tom, claiming that while he was attacking Fogarty\'s men, she saw the real "Joey" that Fogerty was talking about. Tom shocks Edie by admitting that he is actually Joey Cusack, and that he had killed for both money and pleasure. He tells Edie that he ran away from Philadelphia to escape his criminal past. Tom stated he spent 3 years changing his life around in order to rid himself of the violent gangster in him, and to start a normal life as "Tom Stall". After Tom gets out of the hospital, Sam, the local sheriff pays him a visit. Sam expresses his confusion about everything that happened. He tells them that these mobsters wouldn\'t go to all this trouble if they weren\'t sure they had the right man. Just when Tom is about to confess, Edie defends him and lies to Sam, claiming that Tom is who he says he is, and their family has suffered enough. At a loss for words after Edie breaks down into tears, Sam leaves. This furthers the tensions in their marriage. Tom receives a call from his brother Richie Cusack , who also demands his return to Philadelphia, or else he will come see him. After traveling to Philadelphia and confronting his brother, Tom learns that the other mobsters whom he had offended in Philadelphia took out their frustrations on Richie, preventing him from moving up in the criminal organization. Tom offers to make peace, but Richie orders his men to kill him. Tom defends himself and kills Richie and the guards. Tom returns home, but the atmosphere is tense and silent as the Stalls sit around the dinner table. The fate of his marriage and the future of his life as Tom Stall is uncertain, but Jack and Sarah indicate their acceptance of their father by setting a plate for him and passing him some food.'] ["The film follows the aftermath of a theft and murder, especially the fears of Martha Radcliffe , who, as she investigates the crime, increasingly suspects her husband George Radcliffe , whose testimony in court convicted the main suspect, of being the real culprit. Only at the end of the film is another man revealed to be the killer. Businessman Jason Root is stabbed to death on a night when George and a clerk named Donald Heath are the only other employees working at the office. A mailbag full of money is stolen in the process. George, who is seen sweating nervously both during the trial and later in the film, insists that Heath must have been the murderer, and Heath is convicted. Several months later, the mailbag is found, and the Radcliffes receive a letter that was in the bag. The letter, which Martha reads, contains a blackmail threat from Jeremy Gray  accusing George of the crime. As the story unfolds, clues pointing to George quickly accumulate. These include a new business started by Radcliffe soon after the trial, using money that he claims to have made in the stock market; his own desperate desire for success; his lying to his wife in order to secretly search for Gray; some suspicious business with an unknown man; and Gray's claim, when Martha finds him, that he was an eyewitness to the crime and Radcliffe was the murderer. Throughout the film, George and Martha repeatedly have conversations in which she vacillates between questioning him and insisting she believes in his innocence, and he alternates between insisting that she believe in him and telling her to make up her own mind. Tension is built and maintained between George and Martha by the repeated appearance of George's old-style shaving razor, his insistence that she join him at the edge of a cliff, references to his masculine virility, and his warning that her investigation could threaten his business. At the film's conclusion, a man tries to kill Martha after being seen sharpening George's razor, but the man turns out to be Gray. George rescues his wife just in time and subdues Gray as the police arrive."] ["The film opens in the 1940s, when young twins Jane and Beth Hudson are famous child stars and play mostly the same roles, despite the fact that they have completely similar personalities. Jane is persistent about making a career and dominates her shy sister Blanche, who spends most of her time trying to please her other halve. Nevertheless, after following some acting lesses, Blanche became a bigger star as soon as they grew up, and the public eventually forgot about Jane. Nowadays, the sisters are living together in a large mansion. According to tabloids, Jane grew jealous of Blanche's fame and tried to kill her, but the 'accident' only resulted in paralyzing her. Blanche relives her fame due to her films being showed on television, while Jane's films are unavailable. Jane lacks in caring about her sisters well-being, and spends most of her day trying to look as youthful as possible, even though neighbors see her as a clown because of her extensive use of make-up and childish clothing. She is reluctant to bond with her neighbors Connie and Frank, who are very open about their adoration for Blanche. Blanche realizes that her sister has mental problems, and worries when she finds out that she has started drinking alcohol again, as well as turning her fan mail into hate mail. Her massage therapist Dominick worries that Jane might have find out that she is selling the house and is therefore acting out. One of Jane's many ways to torture Blanche, includes cutting her hair too short, and putting worms in her food. Meanwhile, she is trying to work on a comeback, and goes to a video store in an attempt to retrieve one of her old films. Billy Korn, the store's owner, is impressed with meeting a film star, and Jane, flattered by the attention, allows him to take her out. As an aspiring filmmaker, Billy suggests that they should work together on a project, and Jane in return kisses him. Back at home, Blanche tries to warn her doctor that Jane has stopped taking her pills, though Jane overhears the conversation and physically attacks her. Blanche now realizes that her sister has lost control and tries to get out of the house, screaming for help, but Jane forces her to a room and withholds her from any possibility of outside contact. Later that day, Jane meets with Billy - who is now being blackmailed for having photographed two underage boys naked for a magazine spread - to discuss their project. She is bothered by Blanche though, he now complains about being afraid to eat her dinner, because she fears that Jane has poisoned it. She tries to explain to Jane that she should not murder her, because there would not be any cheques coming in anymore, and Jane would be locked away. Jane calmly leaves the room and then locks the door. Downstairs, she learns that Billy has arranged for her to perform on stage again, but only if she appears with her sister. Grateful, she drops him off in Hollywood at night, though has a manic episode after he leaves, and oversees Billy interacting with his blackmailers. Meanwhile, Blanche has made an audio tape calling out for help, which she throws in her neighbor's garden the following morning. She then finds out that Jane has forged her signature in an attempt to retrieve all the money that her sister is being owed. If successful, it would mean that there is no reason for having her around anymore, which worries Blanche. She tries to get out of the mansion, but falls from the stairs and loses consciousness. Jane, who has returned home, finds the audio tape and tries to hide Blanche's unconscious body as she finds it at the bottom of the stairs. Dominick arrives sometime later for a session, forces himself into Blanche's room and finds her tied up. Dominick tries to save her, but is stabbed in the back with scissors by Jane. She is almost caught by Billy while trying to get rid of his body. At the end, Jane prepares herself for her second debut, and finds out on stage that Billy is posing in drag as Blanche. Jane is ridiculed by the audience and bursts out in tears. Jane gets into a manic rage and, upon returning home, she stabs Billy  to death. Afterwards, she turns to Blanche, who by now is severely dehydrated and deprived from food. Blanche admits that at the night she was paralyzed, she was driving herself, though never cleared Jane from her guilt because she hated her at the time. She then apologizes for never telling her the truth, and for a moment they are happy together. The police arrives sometime later to arrest Jane, and by then, Blanche has already lost consciousness. While the police tries to save her, Jane walks into the ocean in an attempt to commit suicide."] ['It is based on the true story of Michael Francke, who was the Head of Corrections for the state of Oregon before being murdered. Just before his murder, Francke visits his brother and informs him of a drug ring involving his prison colleagues. When Michael is killed, his brother begins his own investigation into the murder, leading him to more lies and deceit.'] ['Altered is the story of four men who seek revenge on aliens that abducted them and murdered their friend many years ago. As is explained via dialogue throughout the film, fifteen years before the events shown in the film, a group of five fifteen-year-old friends living in a remote American town were captured and experimented on by aliens while on a hunting trip. Only four of the friends returned alive. The main character  has since distanced himself from his childhood friends and is shown to have decided to live with the past, albeit in apparent constant paranoia. Two of the remaining three characters however have been obsessed by revenge and have persuaded the remaining, somewhat leadable, character that this is the correct course of action to take. The story opens with the tracking and subsequent capture of a lone alien - the consequences of which Wyatt and the three friends soon become deeply involved in.'] ["Matt Simon, a young advertising executive, returns to Chicago with his fiancée, Rebecca, after spending the last two years in New York. He bumps into his old friend Luke on the way into a meeting at Bellucci's, in preparation for a business trip to China. Once inside he thinks he overhears Lisa, the beautiful dancer he was in love with two years ago when she vanished overnight. He tries to catch her as she leaves but is brought up short by Rebecca, so he ducks out of the trip and embarks on an obsessive search for her, as the story of Matt and Lisa's romance unfolds in flashbacks. The key card Lisa left at Bellucci's leads Matt to a hotel where he finds Lisa's silver compact and an article marked in the newspaper. He leaves a note for Lisa at Bellucci's, then asks Luke to borrow his car, promising to return it before nightfall. He trails the man from the newspaper article to an apartment, where he discovers a note to Lisa with her key enclosed under the door. The apartment is deserted but Matt leaves her a note himself, to meet him in Wicker Park, and keeps the key. By the time Matt returns the car he is ecstatic because he thinks he has found Lisa, but Luke is furious, because he had a date with a woman named Alex, who won't wait. When Alex calls, Matt takes all the blame and Luke is mollified. The next day, after waiting in vain at Wicker Park, Matt goes back to the apartment where he is caught by a brunette woman who says that her name is Lisa. She says the apartment is hers, and she has a coat and red-soled shoes with a broken heel identical to Lisa's - shoes that came from Luke's shop, where Lisa first met Matt. She claims the man in the newspaper was stalking her, which is why she was at the hotel, and asks him to stay the night. They end up sleeping together but after she leaves for work he arranges to catch another flight to China and drops the key down a grate. Flashbacks reveal that she is actually Alex, Lisa's old neighbor and friend, and an aspiring actress. We learn that Alex saw Matt and fell in love with him, but before she found the courage to speak to him he fell in love with Lisa. She had told Lisa that she was interested in someone but never told her who he was, even after she realized Lisa had become involved with Matt. In truth, the man from the newspaper was stalking Lisa, and Alex agreed to swap apartments with her for a few days before Lisa leaves for a new job in London. Luke persuades Matt to come with him that night to see Alex perform in A Midsummer Night's Dream, before he leaves for China. She is unrecognizable in stage makeup, but panics after she sees him in the audience with Luke, until Luke tells her Matt has left for China. But Matt retrieved the key from the grate earlier, and he goes back to the apartment where he spends the night. Alex sleeps at Luke's that night, and when Matt calls Luke she answers the phone, and drops it in a panic. She hears Luke say Matt is at the apartment, and runs out to catch him. After she leaves, Lisa calls. When Alex arrives at the apartment, Matt gives her another pair of red-soled shoes but they are too big. She realizes he suspects something, but Matt says he can exchange them and they go their separate ways. Matt goes to say goodbye to Luke, but follows him into Bellucci's, where he finds Alex, and her deception is revealed. She admits she was in love with Matt, and wound up doing crazy things. Two years ago, the same day that Matt asked Lisa to move in with him, Lisa was offered a last minute job touring with a company in Europe and she had to jump on a plane. Lisa gave Alex a note to deliver to Matt, along with a key to his apartment, and when Alex arrived she tore up the note and deleted all the messages Lisa had left for him on his answering machine. He never learned why Lisa left, and Alex told Lisa that she'd seen Matt with another woman. Luke interrupts, telling Matt that Lisa called, and wants him to meet her at 3 at Wicker Park before she leaves for London. Matt heads to Wicker Park but he is too late. He races to the airport, where he bumps into Rebecca, who has come to pick him up from the business trip that he never went on. He admits that he still loves someone else, and she leaves, while Lisa crouches nearby on the phone listening to Alex confess what she has done. As Lisa hangs up and begins to cry, Matt spies her through the crowd. He starts crying too, and when he comes up behind her, she turns around and they embrace."] ['Monkey Shines tells the story of an athlete, Alan Mann , who is rendered quadriplegic when struck by a truck. Mann fails to adjust to his condition, becoming suicidal and despondent. When Geoffrey, a scientist friend of his , who has been experimenting with the injection of human brain tissue into monkeys, learns this, he is prompted to supply one of the experimental monkeys, named "Ella" , to Alan as a helper. Their relationship is amicable at first, with Mann\'s life being made much easier, and the two bond deeply, even sharing poignant moments with moving music. But soon their interaction takes a decidedly sinister turn. The monkey seems to become a telepathic receptacle for Mann\'s anger at his state and his desire for revenge against friends and family for slights both real and imagined. Simultaneously, Mann develops a romantic relationship with Melanie , a specialist in quadriplegia and helper monkeys. The film contains a rare example of an intimate love scene with a severely handicapped protagonist. Ella\'s protectiveness turns to savage jealousy even as Alan is informed that his condition may be reversible. First, she kills Alan\'s former girlfriend , who is now in a relationship with his former doctor , by setting their romantic hideaway on fire. Ella then kills Alan\'s jealous, overbearing mother , by electrocuting her in the bathtub. Ella then kills Geoffrey by injecting him with the very syringe of Sodium pentobarbitone he had intended to use on her, and disables Melanie, before trying to light her on fire. Alan, helpless and alone, is able to summon the strength to turn on the tape player with the romantic music, summoning Ella to cuddle close to him. When Ella cradles Alan\'s head, Alan, rightfully betraying Ella\'s trust, bites and thrashes his head back and forth in a violent manner, hitting Ella into the handles of his wheelchair before finally relinquishing his bite and throwing her toward the open deck of his tape machine, killing Ella. Alan undergoes surgery to restore his mobility, eventually regaining the ability to walk short distances with the aid of crutches. But before then, as he in rest post-surgery, he has a nightmare that he flat-lines and Ella leaps out of his back while the doctor is making his surgical incision.'] ["When bank teller Ryan  meets beautiful but icy business executive Angelica  he becomes instantly infatuated with her. He stumbles upon the perfect opportunity to spy on her when he is hired by Dolores  as a part-time maintenance man and moves into an apartment across the street from Angelica. He uses his position and his apartment's view to start spying on her, and slowly inserts himself into Angelica's life. Angelica turns on him and Ryan slits his wrists in the bathtub in despair. When items from Ryan's apartment begin explicitly appearing in Angelica's apartment, Dolores becomes suspicious of Angelica, especially when Angelica visits the apartment building and produces a memento from Dolores' late son."] ["16-year-old Gail Osborne is a typical high school student with a passion for photography. Six months ago, she and her parents moved from San Francisco to a smaller town due to her father Neil's claim the city was too dangerous following a burglary. Gail, a high spirited romantic, initially started dating classmate E.K. Miller, but he broke off their relationship because Gail was unwilling to sleep with him. Now, Gail is dating Steve Pastorinis, despite her overprotective mother's objections. After a while, she receives an anonymous letter which says: I am watching you. Gail thinks the letter is creepy, but is convinced by her best friend Allison Bremer that it is a practical joke from some student. However, when the gorier notes and phone calls keep coming, Gail decides to warn her principal, who informs her it could be the act of her current or former boyfriend. One day, Gail tries to tell her mother Anne about the stalking, but Anne is too busy to pay attention. Therefore, Gail ditches school and heads to San Francisco to visit her father at work. There, she finds out her father has been fired. Back home, she confronts her mother with this, who demands her to keep silent so Neil will not feel ashamed. Gail realizes more serious matters are going on in life and decides to no longer pay attention to the notes and phone calls. One night, she is babysitting the children of Jessica Hirsch, who is dating Gail's teacher Chris Elden. She receives a phone call from the same stalker, asking: Are you in the house alone? Afraid, Gail locks the door, until later Allison's boyfriend Phil Lawver stops by. Phil reveals himself to be Gail's stalker and rapes her. Due to the trauma, Gail is hospitalized and refuses to return to school. Her father is outraged at Phil, but finds out they can not sue him because Phil's father is a close friend of the local judge. The fact Gail recently lost her virginity to Steve also plays a role. Gail is eventually encouraged by her teacher Malevich not to be afraid any longer and she returns to school. There, she finds out another girl is receiving the same creepy notes. Determined to stop Phil, she attempts to catch him with her photo camera. Phil, however, is on to her and attempts to beat her up, but he is caught by Steve. In the end, Phil pleads guilty to assault but is not charged with rape. He has since disappeared, and one rumour has it he is in a boarding school in New Hampshire."] ["David , a chartered accountant, Juliet , a doctor, and Alex , a journalist, are three friends who share a flat in Edinburgh. They need a new flatmate and, after a sequence of interviews, in which unwanted applicants are rejected with calculated cruelty, they take in the mysterious Hugo ([[Keith Allen . When Hugo suddenly dies of a drug overdose, they discover that he has a very large amount of cash in a suitcase. The three decide to keep the money and to dispose of Hugo's corpse in the titular shallow grave."] ['A young man  is being tortured - two tubes are inserted into his nose, and  truck battery acid is pumped in through one pipe - causing blood to pour out through the other. The man\'s captor then kills him with a large hammer. Jennifer Tree , a young fashion model and cover girl, had captured the attention of photographers and for better or worse, the public at large. On an evening out alone, Jennifer is stalked and drugged. She wakes in a stupor to find herself captive and confined to a cell. A series of metal bins and numbered lockers abruptly swing open in front of her. They contain personal items taken from her apartment. She is forced to view videotapes containing images of the victims who were tortured previous to her captivity, as well as videotaped interviews she had given to the media in the past. Trapped, realizing there is no way out, Jennifer pleads and screams to anyone who might hear her. During her confinement, she is subjected to various forms of psychological and sensory torture. She is forced to drink a blended mixture of an eye, ear and nose of a previous victim. Then, she is made to decide who dies within 30 seconds: herself or her dog, Suzy. She decides to kill her dog. Jennifer eventually finds she is not alone. A young man, Gary , is being held captive in an adjoining cell. The two make contact and try to find out why they are being held. After watching the horrific scene, they find their way out. A fight ensues between Gary and the captor. Ultimately, Jennifer is drugged once again and wakes up confined to a "torture chair" with Gary. Ready to pull out Jennifer\'s tooth, Gary insists the captor take his out instead. After a moment of consensual sex, Gary awakens to find Jennifer, who has been drugged once again. He takes out a key to an adjoining cell. A tape is shown, wherein a woman lying on her bed with cigarettes and pills scattered everywhere, is apologizing to her son for "touching" him. The boy then repeatedly stabs his mother, killing her. He then snaps a picture of his dead mother. In a little corner glancing at the photo, a smirk appears on his face. Meanwhile, Gary\'s key opens a door into a house, revealing that Gary and his older brother Ben are actually the captors. Gary joins Ben in the kitchen where they make sushi. Gary tells Ben that he is falling in love with Jennifer. Ben strikes Gary and says "play them, don\'t play with them". Ben then puts something in the fridge. When he turns around, Gary stabs him. Gary then watches the same tape of the woman lying on the bed that was shown earlier. The boy stabbing his mother is revealed to have been Gary looking at a smirking Ben. After the tape, Gary is seen reviewing a series of pictures in an album, and then there is a knock at the door. At the sound of knocks, he rushes to put the albums in a cabinet. He slams the cabinet\'s door, but it does not fully close. The knockers at the door are two detectives looking for Ben. Gary tells them that his brother is not at home. The detectives enter the house, get comfortable, and ask to watch a big sports game on TV. One of them flips the channel to the surveillance video of Jennifer sleeping. Seeing this, Gary shoots them both. He runs down to where Jennifer is being held and tells her that he has killed "them" and that it is time to go. He places Jennifer in a room and tells her not to go. One of the detectives, not dead after all, jumps out at her but she kills him with a bat, believing him to be one of her captors. Jennifer then discovers the partially open cabinet and begins viewing the albums. Gary is in all of them. While she looks through the albums, Ben, also not yet dead, jumps out at her. However, Jennifer finishes him off by stabbing the knife more deeply into him. After viewing the albums, Jennifer hears the detective\'s pager ring and she goes through his personal belongings. Gary is seen recording Jennifer and claims she belongs to him and will help him clean the mess up. She tricks him and sprays ammonia in his eyes before running off. On her way, she cuts a series of wires and electrical cords, preventing doors, code entries, and lights from working. Jennifer picks up a flashlight and the gun used on the detectives. She does not know how to use a gun, and fails to cock it. Gary then throws her on a bed and points the gun at her face, explaining why the gun had not fired, while firing a round into the ceiling to demonstrate and terrify her. She kicks him in the groin and retrieves the gun from him. This time she cocks the trigger. Instead of then shooting him in the head, she shoots him in the groin, and says "thanks". She then shoots him in the heart and exits the room. She leaves the house, and the last scene shows posters of Jennifer\'s new perfume, DARE.'] ["Set in early 20th century New England, the film is about a serial killer who is murdering disabled young women in the community. His next victim apparently is Helen; she is a mute girl working as a live-in companion for the wealthy, bedridden Mrs. Warren, who urges her to leave the house, as does Dr. Parry, who knows the reason for Helen's loss of speech and hopes to help her get her voice back. Rounding out the household are Mrs. Warren's son and stepson, her verbally-abused nurse, a secretary, a handyman and his wife, a housekeeper with a taste for brandy."] ['One Morning in New England, 1940, the entire population of Friar, New Hampshire - 572 people - walked together up a winding mountain trail and into the wilderness. They left behind their clothes, their money, all of their essentials. Even their dogs were abandoned, tied to posts and left to starve. No one knows why. A search party dispatched by the U.S. Army eventually discovered the remains of nearly 300 of Friar\'s evacuees. Many had frozen to death. Others were cruelly and mysteriously slaughtered. The bodies of the remaining citizens are still unaccounted for. Over the years, a quiet cover-up operation managed to weave the story of Friar into the stuff of legends and backwoods fairy tales. The town has slowly repopulated, but the vast wilderness is mostly untracked, with the northern-most stretches off limits to local hunters and loggers. In 2008, the coordinates for the "YELLOWBRICKROAD" trail head were declassified. The first official expedition into a dark and twisted wilderness will attempt to solve the mystery of the lost citizens of Friar and reach the end of the trail.'] ['Oliver is a death row inmate who is given a lethal injection before a room of witnesses. He awakes in the morgue to find that he had only been administered saline and anaesthetic. A neuropharmacologist, Dr. Copeland, tells him that he has a choice: either agree to be a human subject for an experimental drug trial with potentially serious or fatal side effects, or he will receive a truly lethal injection. Oliver opts for the drug trial, where he is administered a "calming" medicine on a daily basis and tested extensively to see if his sociopathic tendencies decrease. Twice, Oliver fakes being relaxed to lull the guards and scientists into a false sense of ease, whereupon he attempts an escape. Over time, the medicine and psychological counseling do appear to lower his sociopathology, as measured physiologically and emotionally, and Oliver undergoes "phase two" of the procedure, where he is reintroduced into society, with a false identity and a changed appearance . Oliver is under constant surveillance, but manages to escape supervision to attempt to befriend and assist a helpless bystander who was victimized during one of Oliver\'s past crimes. Oliver feels deep remorse now for shooting the man, which left him mentally handicapped. Though the man no longer recognizes Oliver, he cheerfully accepts the friendly offerings. However his brother, who is the man\'s caretaker, recognizes Oliver and seeks revenge. Simultaneously, Oliver is also being sought by the Russian mafia, who seek revenge upon Oliver for killing the nephew of a mafia boss. Though Oliver makes progress in establishing a new life, getting a job, keeping his anger and violence in check, and developing a relationship with a female co-worker , his past comes to haunt him, and he is captured by the victim\'s brother, who kills one of Oliver\'s pharmaceutical supervisors while kidnapping Oliver. This ultimately leads to a hit squad being sent out to put Oliver down. The doctor believes that Oliver was making progress and did not kill the man, so secretly tries to help him, entangling himself in the situation. They eventually learn that Oliver\'s progress was not due to the medicine after all, as he was in a control group which received a placebo, but instead was due to the counseling and Oliver\'s willingness to change. They try to flee the state, but are caught by the hit squad, which kills Oliver. Then the cops arrive and stop the squad from killing Dr. Copeland. The film ends with Dr. Copeland as a counselor in a youth center.'] ['The film opens on an Egyptian archaeological dig in 1961. The Awakening. Dr. Mike Newell. Warner Brothers, 1980. VHS. yet they continue on to uncover the mummy of Queen Kara. As Corbeck smashes in the door to where the tomb is located, Anne begins a painful premature labour. With each hit against the door, Anne has a painful contraction. Upon Corbeck and Jane\'s return to the camp, they discover Anne laying on the floor in a trance like state. Corbeck takes her to the hospital but leaves her there so that he can return to the dig to continue uncovering the tomb of the Queen. Later, as Anne gives birth to a dead baby, Corbeck and Jane open the mummy\'s sarcophagus. As they open it the baby suddenly comes to life, signifying the transfer of the Queen\'s soul to the baby.Maslin, Janet. "Film: \'The Awakening.\'" The New York Times. 31 Oct. 1980. Web. 8 Mar. 2012. Corbeck\'s neglect of both Anne and his newborn daughter Margaret eventually end up with the two leaving him. The audience is then brought to eighteen years later. Corbeck is a professor at a British university and now married to Jane. Corbeck finds out that his great discovery is in trouble: traces of bacteria have been found on the mummy. Corbeck returns to Egypt to learn more about what is happening to the mummy. He tries to have the mummy brought back to England because he disagrees with the Egyptian professionals taking care of it. After one of the specialists opposes Corbeck, he is killed in a freak accident and Matthew is able to transport the mummy to England.  Meanwhile, Margaret  turns eighteen  and she decides she wants to go to England to meet her father even though her mother asks her not to. While in England, Corbeck and Jane tell Margaret all about Kara and the violent murders she committed as well as the myth that she could re-incarnate herself.  Corbeck\'s obsession with Kara grows and Margaret begins to undergo changes. It appears she is being possessed by Kara. People throughout the film that inhibit the Queen\'s spirit mysteriously and violently die. Margaret begins to notice the changes in herself and believes she is the one responsible for all the deaths and odd incidents. Both her and her father, while visiting Kara\'s tomb, discover the jars which contain Kara\'s organs and Corbeck wants to try the ritual to resurrect the ancient Queen. Heston\'s character soon comes to believe that the spirit of the queen possessed his daughter at the moment of her birth and intends to resurrect herself through the girl\'s body. He comes to the decision that the only way to save her is to perform the ritual, which is a decision aided by his possessed daughter. He realizes when it is too late, that Kara tricked him, and that the ritual in fact helped her completely take over Margaret\'s body. The reincarnated Queen proceeds to kill Corbeck and the film ends with Kara walking out into the world with her intentions unknown to the audience.'] ['In April 1967, 18-year-old Susanna Kaysen  voluntarily checks herself into Claymoore Hospital after taking an overdose of aspirin. She denies the accusation from many that she was attempting to commit suicide, claiming that she was only "trying to make the shit stop". Nurses and therapists are surprised when Susanna acknowledges that she does not actually want to go to college and would like to become a writer. She befriends fellow patients Polly "Torch" Clark , Georgina Tuskin , Daisy Randone , Janet Webber , and Cynthia Crowley  and forms a small troupe of troubled women in her ward. Susanna is particularly enchanted by Lisa Rowe , a diagnosed sociopath. When Lisa returns to the ward after running away, she notices that her old best friend\'s place has been taken by Susanna. She demands to know what happened to her best friend, eventually realizing that she had committed suicide. Eventually, Lisa befriends Susanna and the two start causing trouble. Lisa encourages Susanna to stop taking her medications and/or trade them with others, and generally resist the influences of therapy. During a visit outside the ward at a nearby ice cream shop, Susanna is confronted by her mother\'s friend, the angry wife of Susanna\'s old English teacher, with whom she had an affair, and her daughter. The woman harshly berates Susanna, but Lisa intervenes with a verbal assault, horrifying the older woman. As a result, Lisa loses her outside privileges. Susanna\'s former boyfriend, Tobias "Toby" Jacobs , comes to visit her. Toby reveals that he is about to be drafted, and invites her to run away to Canada with him. He tries to convince her that she isn\'t crazy and that the girls in the asylum aren\'t really her friends, but Susanna refuses to go with him. It is shown that Polly observes the couple as they speak outside. That night, she awakens screaming. The nurses remove her and place her into solitary confinement to calm her down, but she continues sobbing, horrified by the burn scars all over her body and face. To cheer her up, Susanna steals a guitar from the music room and sits outside Polly\'s room with Lisa, singing "Downtown" by Petula Clark. When a male orderly notices them, Susanna seduces him to keep him from reporting the incident. Afterwards, the two girls fall asleep outside Polly\'s room. In the morning, Valerie Owens, the RN  sees the two, exclaims that she is sick of their antics and is referring them to the therapists. The next morning, Susanna is called into the therapist\'s office, where she is analyzed once more. Susanna meets the head psychiatrist, Dr. Sonia Wick , and attempts to shut her out with a nasty attitude. In response, Wick decides to take Susanna as her patient. She is diagnosed with borderline personality disorder. Lisa is also taken to see the doctor but does not return, and Susanna falls into a depression. Frustrated with Susanna\'s noncompliance, Valerie throws her into a cold bath to wake her. Susanna attacks her verbally. Lisa returns, and she and Susanna break out of Claymoore. After hitching a ride, they spend the night at the house of the recently released Daisy, whom Lisa antagonizes in her usual fashion. She accuses Daisy of having an incestuous relationship with her father, and mocks her for continuing to cut herself. Daisy hangs herself the next morning. Unfazed by the suicide, Lisa searches her pocket, takes whatever cash she can find and nonchalantly leaves the house on her own, but a mortified Susanna stays behind to phone an ambulance and subsequently return to the hospital. Susanna also adopts Daisy\'s cat, Ruby. In the next few weeks, she begins to cooperate with her doctors and responds to her therapy, expressing her feelings through writing and painting. She is soon scheduled to be released. At that point, Lisa is caught and returned by the police. Upon learning about Susanna\'s pending release, Lisa targets Susanna for ridicule and emotional abuse. On her last night at Claymoore, Susanna awakens to discover Lisa in the maze of corridors beneath the ward, reading Susanna\'s diary to Georgina and Polly, including all of the private thoughts and comments she has made about the other residents. The other girls turn on Susanna, with Lisa particularly vicious. In the ensuing dispute Lisa threatens to stab herself with a large hypodermic needle, but Georgina\'s words disarm her. Susanna confronts Lisa, telling her that she keeps coming back to the hospital because she has nowhere else to go, and that she is "already dead". Defeated, Lisa cries out in anguish, but Susanna ignores her and goes back to her room. Susanna is released the next day. Before she leaves, she visits Lisa and talks to her again, telling her that she will get out and that she must come and see her. As Susanna leaves, she says goodbye to all her friends, giving Polly her adopted cat Ruby and reconciling with Georgina. At the end of the film, Susanna states that by the 1970s, most of her friends were released.'] ["A young woman walking home from her birthday party is stalked by a man in distinctive sneakers. After she drops one of her presents, a police officer offers to escort her to her front door. The camera reveals that the policeman is wearing the same sneakers as the stalker. The next day, divorced New Orleans police detective Wes Block is throwing a football with his daughters Penny and Amanda. They take in a stray dog, adding to the several strays they have already taken in. As the family gets ready to go to a Saints game, Block is summoned to a crime scene, forcing him to break his plans with his daughters. The young woman has been strangled in her bed. Her killer left no fingerprints, but he waited in her apartment until midnight to kill her, even pausing to make himself coffee. Block visits a brothel where the woman worked, and interviews a prostitute with whom she would perform group sex. The prostitute seduces Block, loosening his necktie, which he accidentally leaves behind. The murderer rapes his victims, and he has been leaving behind a great deal of forensic evidence, including a residue of glass fragments and barley. Beryl Thibodeaux  runs a rape prevention program, and she advises Block on the case. The second victim is also a sex worker, and she is strangled in a jacuzzi. Block tracks down one of her co-workers and interviews her while the two prepare to have sex. He handcuffs the woman to the bed. While Block inquires about the victims at another brothel, he has sex with a prostitute. The hidden killer watches Block and the prostitute. The next morning, Block is called to the scene of a third victim. He is shocked to realize that it is the prostitute he had been with the night before. Under the guise of working on the case, Block flirts with Thibodeaux, and the two spend the rest of the day together. The killer taunts Block by sending a doll with a note, which directs him to another brothel. Once there, a dominatrix informs Block that an unknown man has hired her to be whipped by Block. She is then supposed to send Block to a gay bar. At the bar, Block meets up with a man who has been hired by the killer to have sex with Block. Block instructs the man to pick up his pay as scheduled and follows him, hoping to catch the killer. However, Block is too late, and the man is killed. The killer kidnaps the friend of the third victim, and he dumps her body in a public fountain. He drapes Block's abandoned necktie on a nearby statue. Block and Thibodeaux go out on a second date, escorting his children, while secretly observed by the killer disguised as a Mardi Gras participant. When they are in bed later, Block shies away from intimacy with Thibodeaux, and then has a nightmare that he attacks her in the guise of the killer. One of the victim's clothes has some cash in it, which the police trace to the payroll of a brewery. The money has the same glass and barley residue on it that has been cropping up at all the crime scenes. When Block goes to the brewery to investigate, the killer watches him during his visit. That night, the killer breaks into Block's home, killing some of his pets and the nanny and handcuffing and gagging Amanda. Block is nearly strangled in a struggle after he arrives and is only saved when one of his surviving dogs repeatedly bites the killer. Block fires two shots at the killer as he escapes . While going through news clippings, Block comes across the name of a cop, Leander Rolfe , that he arrested for raping two girls. Further investigation reveals that Rolfe had been paroled and was working at the brewery. Block and his team stake out Rolfe's apartment, but Rolfe has gone to attack Thibodeaux at her home . Realizing that she is in danger, Block races to her home, where he disturbs Rolfe's attempt to strangle her. He chases Rolfe through a cemetery and into a rail yard. During their final scuffle, they end up in the path of an oncoming train; Block manages to roll aside in time, Rolfe is killed."] ["Danielle Breton  is a model and would-be actress hired to play a blind-woman on a TV show. She meets a contestant on the show, advertising salesman, Philip Woode , and the two hit it off. He invites her to dinner. At the restaurant, they are interrupted by Danielle's ex-husband Emil Breton ([[William Finley , but Philip has him thrown out. Later, Danielle and Philip go to her apartment and are followed by her ex-husband. To avoid Emil, Philip pretends that he is leaving for good and then returns through the back door, opening the door with Danielle's keys. Philip and Danielle have sex on the sofa. The next morning Danielle wakes up, feeling unwell. She takes one of three red pills left in her medicine cabinet, leaving the other two on the corner of the sink. When Philip uses the bathroom, he accidentally sweeps the two pills down the drain. Philip overhears Danielle and her sister Dominique fighting and arguing about him. Danielle says she isn't feeling well, and would asks Philip to go for her pills at the pharmacy. Philip complies and on the way buys a cake for Danielle & her twin sister Dominique, who is visiting for their twin birthday. Philip returns to the apartment and unlocks the door with Danielle's key again. As they are about to share the birthday cake, Danielle stabs him to death. Philip tries to get the attention of the neighbor across the causeway, trying to write HELP with his own blood in the window. The neighbor, Grace Collier , a journalist who often criticizes law enforcement in her columns, contacts the police. Detective Kelly  arrives, and does not believe her story, treating her dismissively. Meanwhile, Danielle wakes up confused and dazed. She has tried to talk to her doctor, who promises to bring her more of the red pills. When Emil arrives at the apartment he discovers the corpse. It is also revealed that he is her doctor. Danielle tell him that Dominique was there and Emil helps her clean the apt, putting the corpse inside the sofa-bed. Emil leaves and takes the bloodied knife away. When Detective Kelly and Grace appear, the apartment is in order except for a red stain on the back of the sofa. Danielle justifies her double sets of clothes by explaining that her job as model requires them in case one becomes stained. Grace finds the cake in the fridge which provides her the opportunity to prove that there are twins living in the apartment. She falls, however, smashing the cake. Emil appears, saying that they he and Danielle are separated but not yet divorced. Detective Kelly tells Grace not to disturb him or Danielle again with this situation. The only clue Grace has is the name of the bakery where Philip bought the cake. Grace learns from her mother, Mrs Collier , there is a new open-door psychiatric hospital in town. But Grace is not listening to her, too focused on the bakery clue. When they arrive at the bakery, Grace jumps asks the shop assistants, , and is told a black man bought the cake for Danielle and Dominique. Grace hires a private detective, Joseph Larch , telling him that the women in the apartment are twins. But the detective finds no twins - only what he believes may be a hiding place for the body: the sofa-bed. Casing the apartment, they watch the sofa being loaded into a moving van. Grace gets in touch with a Time magazine reporter, Arthur McLennen  who studied the case of the Blanchion twins, the first set of Canadian conjoined twins. In a news item, Grace sees Dr. Pierre Milius - Emil's younger persona - talking about the delicate psychological mental equilibrium of one of the twins. As teenagers, Danielle is shy but Dominique is talkative and outgoing. McLennen, having bribed one of the nurses, learns that the Blanchion twins were separated in a surgical procedure but Dominique did not survive. Meanwhile, Larch follows the moving-van with the sofa-bed as Grace follows Danielle to the hospital sight. There, she overhears a discussion between Emil and Danielle who says she is fed-up with the doctor's control. Grace observes the doctor attempting to subdue Danielle forcibly and tries to call for help but is prevented by a hospital staffer. An insane patient Arlene  appears and delays Grace, saying that viruses and bacteria going through the telephone made her ill. Emil tells Jansen, a hospital attendant , that Grace is a new patient, Margaret, who should be put in a room. Grace tries to explain her dilemma but no one believes. Emil hypnotizes her so that she will believe everything was a strange dream. Grace appears in the dreams where episodes of Danielle & Dominique's lives are played out. Danielle's desire to be surgically separated from Dominique began to increase when she fell in love in Emile. Dominique's grew jealous and resentful, fueled by her literal separation anxiety. Grace barely wakes, finding herself next to Danielle in the hospital. Danielle says that she wants Dominique back but is afraid of her sister's rage toward Emil. Emil claims that whenever he tried to make love to Danielle, Danielle assumed Dominique's persona, furious and enraged. Danielle, unable to escape her past, refuses to believe Emile, who shows her the knife used to kill Phillip Woode earlier. She cuts Emile with a scalpel and he bleeds to death trying to kill her. Grace, witness to the whole thing, screams in horror when she fully awakens and sees Danielle hugging the dead Emil. Emil's body is taken. Danielle denies killing him or Phillipe but also states that her sister died last Spring. Grace Collier is taken away, dazed and confused. Later, Kelly tries to talk to the recovering Grace. Danielle has confessed to killing Emil, but he admits that they have problems figuring out the identity of the mysterious black man. However, Grace is still under the influence of Emil's hypnosis and denies seeing a murder or a corpse. The shrouded sofa appears in a derelict train with Joseph Larch keeping watch."] ["Actors: China Doll:Carmel Rose The film tells three bored teenagers who spy on their neighbour at a holiday apartment, suspecting they have discovered a serial killer in action. But little do they know that the highrise holiday apartment they are staying in is actually full of hidden cameras and that 'someone' is actually watching them from every angle. Everyone is being watched at one point."] ["Jennifer's husband is committing adultery. Maryanne's boss treats her like dirt. After an accidental meeting, the women decide to kill each other's men. Jennifer goes through with the deal, but Maryanne backs out. Jennifer, enraged, will not rest until Maryanne lives up to her part of the deal."] ['Successful author Mort Rainey  suffers a psychotic break when he catches his wife, Amy  having an affair. He procrastinates finalizing the divorce by retreating to his secluded cabin in the rural town of Tashmore Lake in upstate New York. Depressed and suffering from writer\'s block, Mort is confronted one day by the mysterious John Shooter , a Mississippi dairy farmer who accuses him of plagiarism. Shooter leaves his manuscript "Sowing Season" which he alleges was copied. Mort dismisses Shooter as mentally ill and throws the book away, but his cleaning lady digs it out of the trash and presents it back to him. With his curiosity piqued, Mort reads the story and is surprised to discover its resemblance to his own story "Secret Window". During his walk the following day, Mort is accosted by Shooter when he explains his story was published years before Shooter\'s existed. He is given a three-day ultimatum by Shooter to provide the proof. That night, Mort finds Chico, his Australian Cattle Dog, stabbed to death with a screwdriver in his neck. Mort immediately suspects Shooter and reports the incident to Sheriff Dave Newsome , who reacts with little enthusiasm. Mort then drives to his house where his estranged wife Amy is living to obtain a copy of the book and stews outside as he watches her leave with her new lover Ted Milner . In New York City, Mort contacts Ken Karsch , a private investigator he used before. Ken travels to Tashmore Lake to watch over the cabin and to interview Tom Greenleaf , the only witness to Mort and Shooter\'s conversation. Amy later calls saying their house was burned down, consequently destroying the copy of the book to prove his case against Shooter. He begins to suspect Ted of hiring Shooter to harass him because of their shared animosity towards one another. Shooter shows up again, this time demanding Mort fix the story\'s ending, and Mort feigns agreement. The next morning, Mort is perplexed to find his Jeep Cherokee idling in his driveway (with [[Pall Mall  when he leaves for his appointment with Ken. He shows up late to the diner where they planned to meet, but learns from a cashier that Ken never showed up at all. Back at the cabin, Mort receives a call from Shooter requesting a private meeting in the woods and when he arrives he finds Ken and Tom dead in Tom\'s truck. Shooter indicates he has implicated Mort in the murders, requiring Mort to cover up the crime by running the truck into a water-filled stone quarry, losing his watch in the process. Mort\'s literary agent sends a copy of the magazine with his published story via UPS and Mort picks it up at the post office. When he arrives home with the magazine he opens it to find that the specific pages containing the story have been cut out. Mort\'s "inner voice" tells him that since the magazine was in a sealed package, Shooter couldn\'t have tampered with it. Prompting from his own conscience leads Mort to realize that Shooter is merely a figment of his imagination; brought to life through Mort\'s dissociative identity disorder and created to carry out malevolent tasks like killing Chico, Ken and Tom and burning down the house. Just as Mort comes to realize his psychosis, Amy coincidentally arrives to get his signature to finalize the divorce settlement. She finds the cabin disheveled, with the word "shooter" carved throughout and suspects Mort\'s drinking as the cause. Mort suddenly reveals himself and Amy is struck by fear when she spots a carving explaining that "shooter" actually implies Mort\'s desire to "shoot her." Mort, now wearing Shooter\'s hat and speaking with a southern accent, chases Amy outside to her car and stabs her in the ankle to prevent her from leaving. Ted arrives shortly afterwards and Amy watches helplessly as Mort ambushes and beheads him with a shovel. Mort then recites the ending in Shooter\'s version of the story as he murders Amy. With Amy and Ted dead, Mort recovers from his writer\'s block and becomes less reclusive, even though he is now the town pariah, a fact he seems blissfully unaware of despite obvious rebuffs. Dave stops by the cabin to advise Mort he is the prime suspect of Amy and Ted\'s disappearance and will be arrested once the bodies are found, but Mort nonchalantly dismisses the threat. Dave leaves and Mort again recites the "perfect" ending to his story as he dines on an ear of fresh corn from his garden, hinting that Amy and Ted\'s bodies are buried in the ground beneath the corn crops, and that the corn is breaking down the nutrients from the bodies so they will decompose and the police will never find them.'] ['Kate Miller is a sexually frustrated housewife who is in therapy with New York City psychiatrist Dr. Robert Elliott. During an appointment, Kate attempts to seduce him, but Elliott rejects her advances. Kate goes to the Metropolitan Museum and, in a critically applauded ten-minute sequence played entirely without dialogue, she has an unexpected flirtation with a mysterious stranger. Kate and the stranger "stalk" each other through the museum until they finally wind up outside, where Kate joins him in a taxi. They immediately begin to have sex in the cab, and continue at his apartment, unaware that Kate has left her underwear on the floor of the cab. Hours later, Kate awakens and, thoroughly satisfied with her evening, decides to discreetly leave while the man, Warren Lockman, is asleep. Kate sits at his desk to leave Warren a note and finds a document indicating that he has contracted a sexually transmitted disease. Mortified, she leaves the apartment but on the way out realizes that she has left her wedding ring on the stranger\'s nightstand, and she returns to retrieve it. The elevator doors open on the figure of a tall, blonde woman in dark sunglasses wielding a straight razor. Kate is slashed to death in the elevator. A high-priced call girl, Liz Blake, happens upon the body and catches a glimpse of the killer, therefore becoming both the prime suspect and the killer\'s next target. Elliott receives a bizarre answering machine message from "Bobbi", a transgender person he is treating. Bobbi taunts the psychiatrist for breaking off their therapy sessions, apparently because Elliott refuses to sign the necessary papers for Bobbi to get a sex change operation. Elliott eventually visits Bobbi\'s new doctor and tries to convince him that Bobbi is a danger to herself and others. The police are less than willing to believe Liz\'s story, so she joins forces with Kate\'s revenge-minded son Peter to find the killer. Peter is an inventor, and uses a series of homemade listening devices and time-lapse cameras to track patients from Elliott\'s office. They catch Bobbi on camera, and soon Liz is being stalked by a tall blonde figure in sunglasses. Several attempts are made on Liz\'s life. One, in the New York City Subway, is thwarted by Peter, who sprays Bobbi with homemade mace. Liz and Peter scheme to get inside Elliott\'s office to look at his appointment book and learn Bobbi\'s real name. Liz baits the therapist by stripping to lingerie and coming on to him, distracting him long enough to make a brief exit and leaf through his appointment book. When she returns, it is Bobbi rather than Elliott who confronts her; they are the same person. Elliott/Bobbi is shot and wounded by a female police officer who looks like Bobbi: she is the tall blonde figure who was trailing Liz. Elliott is arrested by the police and placed in an insane asylum. It is explained by Dr. Levy that Elliott wanted to be a woman, but his "male" side would not allow him to go through with the operation. Whenever a woman sexually aroused Elliott, it was "Bobbi", who represented the female side of the doctor\'s personality, who became threatened. In a final sequence, Elliott escapes from the asylum and slashes Liz\'s throat in a bloody act of vengeance. She wakes up screaming, realizing that it was just a dream as Peter runs to her bed to comfort her.'] ['The movie begins with a bunch of children and teens playing, until they see someone walk past them . The convict Silk  walks into the store and exposes his gun , Mecca  berates him by saying that bums  that have no lives, instead they steal from others, angry Silk draws his gun and gives her to the count of 3 to give him the money before he got to the 3rd number she submits with Silk pointing his gun at her, a truck passes by distracting Silk, he killed her she when he sees her pull out a shotgun, knowing someone heard the gunfire, Silk quickly fled the area  while he was away from the premises he counts the money  before he can figure out another place to rob, Silk points his gun at a mysterious person exclaiming "who the fuck are you". The scene starts with Debbie  getting ready to celebrate her anniversary with her husband, the door opens with Howard , Mo , and Tre  who saw her naked, much to Debbie\'s dismay, she was later upset that her husband was working on the script than celebrate their anniversary. Howard, Mo, and Tre outside when they heard a knock on their door, Tre opened the door only to be  staring at the stranger, who claimed that his car broke down and he needs to use the phone. They brought him in the house.'] ["Some time after the drowning of their young daughter, Christine , in a tragic accident at their English country home, John Baxter  and his wife, Laura , are staying in Venice where John has been contracted by a bishop  to restore an ancient church. Laura encounters two elderly sisters at a restaurant where she and John are dining, one of whom is blind and claims to be psychic and in contact with the Baxters' deceased daughter. The blind sister, Heather , tells Laura she can see Christine and describes the attire she was wearing at the time of the accident, and that Christine is happy. Shaken, Laura returns to her table, where she faints. Laura is taken to hospital, where she later tells John what the sisters told her. John is sceptical but pleasantly surprised by the positive change in Laura's demeanour. Later in the evening after returning from the hospital, John and Laura engage in passionate sexual intercourse. Afterwards, they go out to dinner where they get lost and briefly become separated. John catches a glimpse of what looks like a small child  wearing a red coat similar to the one Christine was wearing when she died. The next day, Laura meets with the sisters, who hold a séance to try to contact Christine. She returns to the hotel and tells John that Christine has said he is in danger and must leave Venice. John loses his temper with Laura, but that night they receive a telephone call informing them that their son  has been injured in an accident. Laura departs for England, while John stays on to complete the restoration. Under the assumption that Laura is in England, John is shocked when later that day he spots her on a barge that is part of a funeral cortege, accompanied by the two sisters. Concerned about his wife's mental state and with reports of a serial killer at large in Venice, he reports Laura's disappearance to the police. The inspector  investigating the killings, is suspicious of John and has him followed. After conducting a futile search for Laura and the sisters—in which he again sees the childlike figure in the red coat—John contacts his son's boarding school to enquire about his condition, only to discover Laura is already at the school. After speaking to her to confirm she really is in England, a bewildered John returns to the police station to inform the police he has found his wife. In the meantime the police have found the sisters and brought them in for questioning, so an apologetic John offers to escort Heather back to her hotel to rejoin her sister, Wendy . Back at the hotel, Heather goes into a trance as John is leaving. On his way out, John catches another glimpse of the mysterious figure in red, and this time pursues it. Coming out of her trance, Heather beseeches her sister to go after John, sensing that something terrible is about to happen to him, but Wendy is unable to catch up with him. Meanwhile, John has followed the elusive figure to a deserted palazzo, and having cornered it, realises too late that the strange sightings he has been experiencing were premonitions of his own death."] ["New South Wales Police Sergeant Scobie Malone  is summoned to Sydney by the Premier of New South Wales  who at the time was the controversial Sir Robert Askin. The Australian High Commissioner in London, Sir James Quentin  is wanted for a 25 year old murder charge, that the Premier, Quentin's gruff political rival, has discovered. Upon arrival in London, Malone meets Lady Quentin  and her husband the sophisticated Sir James, as well as Sir James's secretary . Sir James offers no objection to the murder charges but demands several days before departure as he is conducting delicate peace negotiations. As Malone waits as a guest of the High Commissioner, he prevents assassination attempts against Quentin by a dangerous spy ring headed by Maria Cholon . Filmed in Australia and London, the film was the last big screen appearance of Franchot Tone who plays the American ambassador. Rod Taylor is memorable in one of the few roles where he played an Australian. He plays Malone as a tough single Outback policeman unlike the married Sydney Detective Sergeant of the original bookshttp://www.epinions.com/review/High_Commissioner/content_165491019396 Taylor's unsophisticated integrity is contrasted with the London diplomatic scene throughout the film."] ['The film is presented through several flashbacks as the three inmates are being interviewed in regards to the apparent suicide of their 4th cellmate, Mitch Palmer, who has hanged himself. It is gradually revealed throughout the interviews that the inmates tortured and humiliated Mitch prior to his hanging. The film begins with the four cellmates playing poker for cigarettes and trading stories of their lives prior to their incarcerations. After Mitch wins all of his cellmates’ cigarettes, they coerce him to play one more game. Mitch says he’ll put his entire bag of cigarettes on the table, and the loser has to eat an entire tube of toothpaste. Mitch loses the round and refuses to eat the toothpaste as the cellmates continually ask him to uphold his end of the bet. At first it seems like the cellmates decide to give up and call it a night. Harry Katish, who is in jail for armed robbery, pretends to wash up and wraps a towel around a bar of soap. He then goes to Mitch and begins to scream and hit him with the soap, as the others grab him and hold him down. All three force him to eat the entire tube of toothpaste. The three leave him be as Mitch lies on the floor, his stomach in pain. Peter Thompson, a low level drug dealer, goes to Mitch and pretends to be concerned, and says he’ll make him a special drink that will make him feel better. Peter grabs a glass, and fills it with water, salt, and a piece of pepper. Mitch says he isn’t stupid, but the other cellmates tell him as far as they’re all concerned, he already drank the drink, and threaten to hold him down again. Out of fear of being held down again, Mitch drinks as much as he can but begins to throw up. The cellmates laugh, and Peter says he’ll make another drink to make him feel better. Peter takes water filled with urine and feces from the toilet bowl. Mitch however, is choking and throwing up, but the cellmates start a countdown advising they’ll force him to drink it. Mitch grabs the glass and after one sip begins to throw up and choke. Jack Ulrich, in jail for arson, becomes enraged and violently beats Mitch, telling him to lick up his vomit with his tongue and belittles him as a pig. Mitch begs and pleads that he’ll clean up the mess with his mop, but Jack continues to beat him harder as Peter and Harry watch apathetically. Mitch crawls to the mess and begins to lick the vomit, further becoming sick. The cellmates become bored and decide to call it a night. As the cellmates sleep, Mitch sits down and stares at the emergency button. He makes a run and presses it, screaming into the intercom that he needs help, but the cellmates wake up and drag him to the wall and cover his mouth. Peter, speaking to the guards through the intercom, says Mitch just hurt himself and it’s nothing they can’t handle. The three cellmates beat Mitch to the ground, and then all urinate in a cup, pouring it down Mitch’s throat. Jack is further enraged that Mitch pressed the emergency button, and then anally rapes him. Peter, witnessing the rape, begins to feel remorseful and says things have gone too far, however he is threatened with violence by Jack and Harry, with Jack remarking that he’s “already a part of this” and to “remember who made the drink”. Harry then stares at Mitch, grabs the mop handle, and violently sodomizes Mitch with it, then putting the bloody and feces covered handle in Mitch’s mouth. Mitch becomes catatonic as Jack and Harry watch TV, and Peter begins to shake with remorse. Jack and Harry confront Peter on his remorse, who states he is fearful that the guards will see the blood and bruises during their routine checks, and that serving a longer sentence as a result is not worth this. Harry asks Peter what they should do, and Peter recounts an urban myth in that if a cellmate commits suicide, the psychological trauma inflicted on his fellow cellmates will significantly reduce their sentence. The three cellmates decide that Mitch needs to hang himself. They first prop him against the barred window and tie his neck with a TV cord, but the attempt fails. They then try with Mitch’s bedsheets and have him stand on a garbage can, granting him a final cigarette before Harry says “enough of this shit” and kicks the garbage can away, killing Mitch. Peter is reduced to tears as Jack and Harry remain apathetic. The next morning, the three cellmates agree to hit the emergency button and pretend to be upset by what has happened, however Peter remains silent. Throughout the interviews, Harry denies any involvement or accusations in regards to the torture and humiliation and remains indifferent to what has transpired; Jack admits his guilt and is remorseful, stating he doesn’t know why he did what he did and wants his hands washed clean; Peter is in tears for the entire interview, stating the hanging was his idea and Mitch did not deserve what happened to him. The film ends with text stating the three cellmates, all serving 2- to 3-year sentences, received an additional 8 to 15 years for their role in Mitch Palmer’s death. It is then revealed Mitch was serving a 6-month sentence for vagrancy and resisting arrest. The closing frames show Mitch helping Peter do proper pushups, and bonding in a friendly manner with his fellow cellmates.'] ["Lucy Harbin has spent twenty years in a psychiatric hospital for the decapitation axe-murder of her husband  and his mistress, after catching him cheating on her. After she is released, she takes up residence at the farm of her brother Bill Cutler and sister-in-law Emily. Lucy's adult daughter Carol , an artist and sculptress, also lives on the Cutler farm and is seemingly unaffected by the grisly murders she witnessed many years in the past as a three year-old child. Carol encourages her mother to dress and act the way she did in the past. Lucy begins playing the vamp and makes passes at her daughter's fiance Michael Fields. She then shocks his parents with a sudden tantrum when they consider their son's marriage to Carol out of the question. A series of brutal axe-murders begin with Lucy's doctor, who is found in the freezer & the shady hired man Leo. All signs point to Lucy as the murderer and some believe she is still insane, and should be returned to the hospital. However, the climax of the film reveals that the axe-murderer is Carol, who has gone to great lengths to portray her mother as a still-active murderer by duplicating her mother's appearance when she kills . As the film ends, Lucy calmly accepts her responsibility for her daughter's illness and hatred and announces that she is going to Carol in the hospital where she is now confined."] ["Quality control supervisor Larry Pearce  spends his days monitoring the nuances of his tech support staff's telephone conversations. Listening is his life. However, after his young son's death, he experiences a supernaturally heightened sense of hearing, Larry is forced to take violent action to silence the horrific cacophony in his head. He comes home to find that everything, including the small appliances, creates insufferable noise."] ["The film's title character, Francis, lives with his invalid, abusive mother in a dingy tenement apartment, and has suffered a life of unrelenting misfortune and brutality. Over time, he has withdrawn from the world and into himself, silently observing others rather than interacting with them. His only solace has been his Catholic faith, but he has begun to question his belief in a loving God who could countenance so much evil and pain. When he discovers he can see into the apartment of a beautiful, mysterious woman from his own back stairs, Francis cannot stop watching her, even after he meets her and they become romantically involved. Unable or unwilling to believe that she could actually love him, he becomes ever more obsessive in his voyeurism. And it is what Francis sees – or thinks he sees – that leads ultimately to his undoing."] ["After sustaining a head wound in combat, decorated World War II veteran Eddie Rice  is treated at a San Francisco military hospital for a permanent form of amnesia. This leaves him with no knowledge of his life, family and friends prior to his enlistment, a void that the army intelligence unit was unable to fill as they couldn't find any information about him, other than the fact he enlisted in Los Angeles. Doctors tell him that no medical cure exists for his case, but that if he returns to Los Angeles he might run into people who know him and could help him fill in the blanks. Rice follows this advice and he promptly runs into people who recognize him. However, he is recognized not as Eddie Rice, but as Eddie Riccardi, a dangerous gangster gone missing, whose past behavior generates mistrust among the police and all those who knew him in the past. Furthermore, ruthless crime boss Vince Alexander , who was betrayed by Eddie before he left the town, is now out for revenge."] ['Seymour "Sy" Parrish is a full-time photo technician at SavMart\'s one-hour photo developing clinic. He leads a depressing, solitary life outside of the "heaven-like", hyperreality atmosphere of the department store. Every day he labors to ensure his customers get the best quality photos possible. His work is his life, as he has no one and nothing to go home to at the end of each day. He feels that there is more to photography than meets the eye. If one only attends a two-day course, then he or she will not have a full appreciation of the art. As each workday comes to an end, Sy falls into the inescapable routine of spending his evenings sitting alone in his barren living room, watching television. The only thing in Sy\'s apartment he has for companionship is a hamster, caged in his bedroom. His favorite customers are the Yorkin family: husband Will , wife Nina , and their son, Jake ([[Dylan Smith . He has done their photos for years and over time, has developed an obsession with the family. He idolizes their happiness and affluence, memorizes every personal detail about them that he can learn, and finally begins to associate with them more and more. Sy secretly makes his own copies of the Yorkins\' photos from the film negatives and then puts them on a wall in his apartment in a massive collage. Most of all, he fantasizes about being a member of their family and sharing in the love he assumes they must feel. He is painfully shy and socially inept. His awkward attempts to become closer to the family are gently rebuffed. Sy eventually manages to spark a connection with Nina when he pretends to be interested in a book he noticed she had purchased on a particular day in the store. For the first time, Nina asks Sy personal questions about his life, realizing that he is indeed a lonely man, something only Jake had noticed earlier. Sy even suggests that the family should refer to him as \'Uncle Sy.\' The next day, his boss Bill  fires him for stealing prints. While inspecting his photos for the last time, Sy discovers that Will is having an affair, and his idyllic conception of the Yorkins as the "perfect" family is shattered. He comes to hate and envy Will, who has everything Sy longs for, yet does not seem to appreciate what he has. After losing his job, Sy follows and takes pictures of Bill\'s young daughter as revenge for firing him, leading to a police investigation against him. While detectives Van Der Zee  and Outerbridge  discover Sy\'s obsession, Sy confronts Will and his mistress, Maya , during a rendezvous in their hotel room. Armed with a knife and a camera, Sy forces the lovers to pose naked while he takes pictures. He does all that he can in order to humiliate the couple. After the confrontation, Sy discovers that the police have arrived in the hotel and attempts to escape. An alarm sounds and Van Der Zee pursues him while Outerbridge discovers Will and Maya, physically unharmed but deeply traumatized. After a chase, the police finally apprehend Sy in the parking garage as he attempts to make a break for his car. Upon being arrested, Sy claims, "I just took pictures". The final scene takes place in a police interrogation room where Van Der Zee asks Sy why he terrorized the Yorkins. Sy replies that he can tell Van Der Zee is a good man and not the sort of father who would take "sick, degrading pictures" of his children. . Sy asks the Detective personal questions about his family, which he does not answer. As the detective prepares to take his confession, Sy asks for the pictures he took at the hotel, which the detective has described as "evidence". They appear to be only shots of household objects and interior furnishings he  took before the incident in the hotel. The film closes with a picture of the Yorkin family with Sy. Romanek claims in the DVD commentary that the picture is intended to symbolize an open ending; it is left up to the viewer to decide whether the picture only exists in Sy\'s mind or if he ever sees the Yorkin family again.'] ['While lecturing in Brazil, Dr. Taylor Briggs an American authority on memory consults on a patient found deep in the Amazon. During the exam, Taylor is accidentally exposed to a mysterious substance which unlocks a series of memories in his brain. Memories that are not his. The memory of a killer who committed crimes before Taylor was even born. A killer who is much closer than you may think. The mystery will rip open Taylor Brigg’s well crafted life, estranging his relationship with his best friend Dr. Deepra Chang, leading him into romance with a beautiful, enigmatic painter Stephanie Jacobs, straining his relationship with his mom’s best friend Carol Hargrave, causing him to question the surrogate father figure in his life, Dr. Max Lichtenstein.'] ["Vicki Lynn  is a waitress who is transformed into a fashion model by press agent Steve Christopher . When Vicki is murdered, detective Ed Cornell  tries to blame the crime on Christopher. In fact, the cop knows who the real killer is, but he is so hopelessly in love with the dead girl that he intends to railroad an innocent man to the electric chair. With the help of Vicki's sister Jill , Christopher tracks down the real killer and exposes the crooked cop Cornell."] ["Kevin Bacon's character, Joe Hickey, is a man who is apparently in the business of kidnapping rich people's children for ransom with his wife Cheryl  and cousin Marvin as his accomplices. Will Jennings , the father/husband in a typical happy family, is a research physician who has just had his big career break by patenting a new anesthetic drug. The mother/wife, Karen Jennings  is a stay at home mother who used to be a nurse. The couple's daughter Abby  is kidnapped by Hickey and Marvin. Meanwhile Cheryl keeps Will at gunpoint and tells him about his daughter's kidnapping after he just gets out of a ceremony in which he is honored for his career. The movie then follows the tense situation lived by the couple, separated by the bandits and kept in the dark as to what the outcome of their predicament is to be. The situation is worsened by a health problem of the child  about which the kidnappers were uninformed."] ["Set and filmed on location in the tenement section of New York's Lower East Side, the film tells the story of a young boy, Tommy Woodry , who has a habit of crying wolf. Late one night, he climbs up the building fire escape and sees his two seemingly normal neighbours, Mr and Mrs Kellerson, murder a drunken sailor in their apartment. No one, neither the boy's parents or the police, believe young Tommy when he tells them what he has seen, since they all assume that this is just another of the boy's tall tales. The murderous neighbors find out that the boy is a witness to the killing and plan the same for him when his parents are away. The two of them take Tommy to a dark alley, where they try to kill him. Tommy escapes, but the pair re-capture him, taking him back to their apartment. Tommy escapes again, onto the roof, pursued by Mr Kellerson."] ["The story follows Alice Walker's spiral into insanity as she prepares to confront the Black Rose Killer."] ['Kyle Pratt  is an American engineer based in Berlin. After her husband David  fell off the roof of their building to his death, Kyle decides to bury him on Long Island, flying there with her six year-old daughter Julia  aboard a passenger aircraft which Kyle helped design. After falling asleep, Kyle wakes to find that Julia is missing. She begins to panic, and Captain Marcus Rich  is forced to conduct a search. As none of the passengers remember seeing her daughter, Julia has no register in either the Berlin airport or the passenger manifest, and Kyle cannot find Julia\'s boarding pass, Marcus and the other crew members suspect that Kyle has become unhinged by her husband\'s death, and has imagined bringing her daughter aboard. One flight attendant Stephanie  is exceptionally unsympathetic. Faced with the crew\'s increasing skepticism regarding her daughter\'s existence, Kyle becomes increasingly desperate. Because of her increasingly erratic, panicked behavior, air marshal Gene Carson  is ordered to guard and handcuff her. Marcus receives a wire from the hospital in Berlin that says Julia was with her father when he fell off the roof and also died of internal injuries. Kyle furiously denies it. The crew believes she is delusional. A therapist  on board tries to console her, causing Kyle to doubt her own sanity until she notices that a heart Julia had drawn earlier on the window next to her seat is real. Kyle is emboldened and convinces the therapist to let her use the bathroom. Instead of doing so, she climbs into the upper compartment and sabotages the aircraft\'s electronics, deploying the oxygen masks and interrupting lighting. She uses the chaos to take an elevator to the lower freight deck. She desperately searches for Julia and finally opens her husband\'s casket to which she emotionally breaks down. Carson finds her, puts her in handcuffs and escorts her back. Kyle makes a final plea to Carson that she needs to search the plane upon landing. Carson considers for a moment, then "goes to speak to the captain." He sneaks back into the freight deck to remove two explosives and a detonator concealed in David\'s casket, then climbs down to the avionics section, revealing Julia who is sleeping . He attaches the explosives to the side of the platform. At this point, it is revealed that Carson, Stephanie, and the coroner in Berlin  are part of a conspiracy. Carson tells the captain that Kyle is a hijacker and is threatening to blow up the aircraft unless the airline transfers $50,000,000 into a bank account. The conspirators killed Kyle\'s husband and abducted Julia in order to frame Kyle. Carson tells an unnerved Stephanie that he intends to blow up the aircraft, killing the unconscious Julia, and leave Kyle dead with the detonator in her hand. After making an emergency landing at Goose Bay Airport in Goose Bay, Labrador, Canada, the passengers exit the aircraft as the tarmac is surrounded by U.S. FBI agents. As the captain is leaving, Kyle runs to speak to him with Carson in tow. The captain demands she give up her charade having stated that $50,000,000 demanded by her has been paid. This is the singular moment she realises how she has been manipulated. Thinking quickly Kyle demands that Carson stay on board and the crew disembark. Carson hesitates and too realises that if he refuses then it would be seen that the charade would be his. As soon as the plane\'s door closes, Kyle knocks Carson unconscious, handcuffs him to a rail, and takes the detonator from his pocket. Stephanie comes out of hiding. Carson regains consciousness and fires at Kyle with a concealed gun, sending her running. He chases after Kyle shooting, until she locks herself in the cockpit. She opens a hatch door to the upper level and throws out a binder to fool him. Carson hears the upstairs thud and leaves. Kyle exits and encounters a guilt-ridden Stephanie. Stephanie panics and flees the plane. Kyle searches avionics and finds the unconscious Julia. Carson soon follows, and while searching, tells her how he gagged and dumped her daughter into the food bin. He disparages the people aboard who would never care enough to notice. Carson points his gun to where Julia lay before, but they\'re not there. He turns around and sees Kyle carrying Julia, with the detonator in hand. Carson shoots at her as she closes the door. She detonates the explosives, killing Carson. Everyone watches in shock and amazement as Kyle carries her daughter out onto the tarmac. Later, Marcus apologizes to a seated Kyle holding Julia in her arms. Stephanie is led away by FBI agents. Kyle carries Julia still unconscious through the crowd of passengers. Before loading her daughter into a van to take them away, Julia wakes up and sleepily asks "Are we there yet?" as they drive away.'] ["Textile company heir James Wayland  is accused of murdering a prostitute named Elizabeth , whose body was found cut in two. The murder is investigated by tough detective Kennesaw  and his less experienced partner Braxton . Wayland is a heavy drinker and compulsive liar, prone to memory losses and periods of violence. He is rich enough to access necessary information, however, and he soon learns his interrogators' own dark secrets - Kennesaw had an affair with Elizabeth to get back at his wife  for cheating on him, while Braxton has gambling debts with a bookie named Mook , who is demanding payment."] ['Theodore "Ted" Crawford , a wealthy and talented Irish aeronautical engineer in Los Angeles, discovers that his wife Jennifer  is having an affair with police detective Robert Nunally ([[Billy Burke . After confronting his wife, Crawford shoots her, seriously wounding her, and immediately confesses the crime to Nunally at the scene. He then engages in a battle of wits with rising star deputy district attorney William "Willy" Beachum , who considers this an open-and-shut matter and agrees to go to trial immediately. Beachum is busy, making preparations for his transition from criminal law to corporate attorney for Wooton & Simms, a well-known law firm, and begins a romantic relationship with his future boss, Nikki Gardner . At the trial, Crawford acts as his own attorney, which serves as a key vehicle for the plot of the movie—matching up a star prosecutor against a supposedly untrained litigant. Crawford reveals that the arresting officer  was having an affair with his wife, assaulted him during his arrest, and was present during his interrogation. Crawford\'s confession is ruled to be inadmissible as evidence, as it was fruit of the poisonous tree. Beachum discovers that Crawford\'s handgun was not used to shoot his wife because it had never been fired and did not match the shell casings at the crime scene. As the house was under surveillance the entire time from the shooting to Crawford\'s arrest the police are baffled. Beachum is tempted by Nunally\'s scheme to plant false evidence to implicate Crawford but decides against it at the last minute. With no new evidence to present to the jury, Beachum is forced to concede the trial, and Crawford is acquitted. The disgraced Nunally commits suicide with his own gun outside the courtroom. Beachum\'s future with the prestigious firm is in tatters. With the case closed, he obsessively continues to search for evidence, repeatedly visiting the comatose Jennifer in the hospital, hoping that she will wake up. However, at Crawford\'s request, a restraining order is issued forbidding Beachum to visit the patient. Realizing that Crawford\'s plan is to dispose of the only eyewitness to the crime, Beachum goes to great lengths to get a court order to keep Jennifer on life support. Nikki Gardner refuses to help him, and they end their relationship. In a last-ditch effort, Beachum is able to get a court order from Nikki\'s father, who is a judge. Beachum arrives at the hospital just as staff are turning off Jennifer\'s life support, and despite announcing he is carrying a court order, security prevent him from entering and Jennifer dies. A mix-up of cell phones causes Beachum to realize that both Nunally and Crawford used the same type of gun. He figures out that before the crime Crawford switched his gun with Nunally\'s in a hotel room where Jennifer and Nunally secretly met. Crawford shot his wife with Nunally\'s gun, whereupon the detective arrived on the scene carrying Crawford\'s gun. While Nunally lingered over Jennifer, trying to revive her, Crawford reloaded Nunally\'s gun and placed it back where Nunally had left it, while at the same time taking back his original, unused gun. Distracted by the sight of Jennifer\'s body, Nunally did not notice the guns being switched back. When Crawford appears back in the room brandishing his original gun, Nunally tackles and assaults him before he is arrested, at which point Nunally unwittingly holsters his own gun, the murder weapon, and lets Crawford\'s unused one be taken as evidence. Beachum confronts Crawford with his new evidence. Since she died, the bullet lodged in Jennifer\'s head can now be retrieved and matched with Nunally\'s gun. Beachum tricks Crawford into confessing, knowing that Crawford thinks he is protected under the double jeopardy clause. However, Beachum reveals that by allowing his wife to die, Crawford can now be prosecuted for murder, having previously been tried merely for attempted murder. If he had not taken Jennifer off life support, he could have been protected by the double jeopardy clause. Crawford is arrested by the waiting police. The film ends with a new trial about to begin, with Beachum prosecuting and Crawford surrounded by defence attorneys from Wooton & Simms.'] ['After struggling with infertility, Anne  finally succeeds in getting pregnant through invitro fertilization with her husband Jack . However, she soon awakens to find herself held captive by a couple named Frank  and Helen . Helen has gone mad after her baby was aborted by Frank upon learning that it would have been born deformed. The procedure left her sterile, and he is now attempting to make it up to her by giving her Anne\'s baby. Anne recognizes Frank as a technician at her fertility clinic, and Helen later tells her that he secretly replaced her fertilized egg with one of Helen\'s instead. Frank stages a car accident with a horribly burned body to make everyone believe Anne is dead; Jack refuses to accept it and pressures the police to continue investigating, but after several months they dismiss his ideas. After dealing with several escape attempts, Frank finds himself frustrated both with Helen\'s bipolar insanity and her refusal to have sex with him while she is "pregnant", and he attempts to force himself on Anne before being interrupted by Helen. Frank chases Anne outdoors while Helen terrorizes a diaper service saleswoman. Subsequently Frank attempts a forcible amniocentesis, against Helen\'s wishes, and during the argument he lets it slip that he never switched her eggs. Helen snaps and kills and cooks Frank\'s body. Her increasing madness leads her to threaten Anne with a caesarean section, and Anne finally manages to escape. She calls Jack from a nearby phone booth, but Helen runs it down with her truck in the middle of the call. Although she chases and shoots at Anne, Anne cuts her face with broken glass and runs, collapsing on the roadside where she is found by a local teenager. The police still refuse to believe Jack\'s story, even after seeing the damage to the phone booth, so Jack travels to the house Anne described, only to be ambushed by Helen with a baseball bat. Helen then kills a nurse at the hospital and again kidnaps Anne to force her into having the baby. Helen decides to allow her to have a natural birth rather than a C-section, but Anne manages to break free, and after a violent struggle she wraps one of her chains around Helen\'s neck and strangles her. Helen rises up for one final shot, but misses and dies. As the police take Helen\'s body away, Anne emerges from the house with Jack and her new baby.'] ["Carly Norris , 35, a book editor, moves into an exclusive New York residential building, not long after the previous tenant, Naomi Singer, falls to her death from her balcony. Soon she crosses paths with other tenants including the handsome Zeke . A habitual masturbator, who climaxes when showering, Carly goes to a workout gym with Zeke, who begins to turn her on by grabbing her hips while doing exercise. They embark on a passionate affair, after which she discovers Zeke's secret, that he is the owner of the building. Carly is also being romantically pursued by Jack , a novelist who is another resident of her building. Two of Carly's neighbors  die under suspicious circumstances. As she discovers more about Zeke and Jack, she begins to distrust both and also uncovers shocking secrets about other people who live around her. Carly eventually finds out that Jack killed Naomi due to his jealousy towards Zeke, whom she was dating. Zeke knew that Jack was the killer, but chose to ignore it, because it would expose his other secret -- that he has surveillance cameras allowing him to spy on every apartment, including hers."] ["{{plot}} Gillian Hayes is performing heart surgery to attempt to save the patient. Another doctor decides that saving the patient is hopeless. After the patient dies, Dr. Hayes was upset at the other doctor for giving up. The coroner said that it appears as if something had exploded from within the patient's chest. Lt. Tom Royko questioned Dr. Hayes in her office about the patient who died and Dr. Hayes suspected that Lt. Royko considered her to be a suspect. Royko said Hayes was not a suspect. Later, a nervous patient who is to receive a pacemaker is worried that something will go wrong during the surgery. Dr. Hayes assured the patient that it is such a common and safe procedure and sarcastically claimed that she could even perform the operation blindfolded. The patient said he realized this but was still nervous since it was his heart that was being operated on. A receptionist receives a phone call from someone who claims that there is a bomb in operating room #4 that will explode at 1:00. The receptionist looked at the clock which read approximately 12:50. The receptionist went into the operating room to tell them that there was a bomb in the room and that they needed to evacuate. Dr. Gillian Hayes was in the middle of surgery at the time, operating on the nervous patient, and said that evacuation was not an option. Another doctor asked if evacuation was an option for her. At 12:59, Dr. Hayes and the patient were the only ones in the room. Tom Royko came in and told Dr. Hayes that she needed to leave. Gillian Hayes refused to leave and was angry with Tom Royko for coming into the operating room unmasked and thus contaminating the patient. Lt. Royko pulled Dr. Hayes away from the patient just in time. The patient exploded right afterwards; it turns out that the bomb was in the pacemaker that Dr. Hayes had implanted during the surgery. Later, Lt. Royko told Dr. Hayes to compile a list of ex-boyfriends or other people who are possible suspects. Lt. Royko told Dr. Hayes that originally she was a suspect but that her refusal to leave the operating room took her off the list of potential suspects. A cellular phone was found in a Federal Express package in Dr. Hayes' office. The cellular phone was from the person planting the bombs. He gave the information about a flight which the next victim was a passenger. The cellular phone also displayed a number which was a countdown to when the bomb would explode. A hypothesis that Hayes and Royko had was that the count down was linked to the victim's heartbeat. They also realized that as soon as the pacemaker was removed it would explode. Dr. Hayes suggested attaching it to a simulator so that it would still think it is attached to the heart. The next victim was Mr. Benjamin McDonald who was in the airport as Dr. Hayes and Lt. Royko showed up. Mr. McDonald was called to the desk and Dr. Hayes and Lt. Royko informed him that something was wrong with the pacemaker. They brought Mr. McDonald into a different room where they attempted to remove the pacemaker, assuring him that everything would be fine. Dr. Hayes had isolated the pacemaker and was ready to be removed but unfortunately, the simulator had not arrived in time. Lt. Royko was given a shield to sit behind while he cut the pacemaker from a distance. Mr. McDonald's last words were to tell his wife and children that he loved them. Right after Lt. Royko cut the pacemaker, it exploded. Dr. Hayes eventually learned that it was Franklin who was planting the bombs. Franklin is someone whose 12 year old son died in surgery while being operated by Dr. Gillian Hayes. Franklin said that the next victim would be at an elementary school. Dr. Hayes said there was a little boy there who was a patient. Dr. Hayes and Lt. Royko arrived at the elementary school and brought the boy into a room to operate on. Lt. Royko pulled the fire alarm. During the operation, Dr. Hayes said that since the boy's heartrate has been accelerating but that the rate of countdown of Franklin's timer to when the bomb would explode did not speed up, then the countdown must not be linked to the patient's heartrate. Dr. Hayes removed the pacemaker and there was no explosion. Lt. Royko said that Franklin gave them too much time so he must have not wanted the boy to die. After Dr. Hayes and Lt. Royko went outside, Dr. Hayes recognized a teacher who was a patient of hers. However, they did not have enough time to remove the pacemaker and they did not have a simulator that would be used to make the pacemaker behave as if it is still attached to the heart. Lt. Royko told the teacher to come with him, and ran with her away from the students. The teacher's chest exploded as Royko was running with her away from the crowd. The teacher was killed but Lt. Royko was not harmed. Franklin then leaves a cake for Sean's birthday at Dr. Hayes' home. After officers come to check her house, Franklin calls, and says that tomorrow, on Sean's 14th birthday, he will kill 14 patients. Dr. Hayes and Lt. Royko must race against time to save them. After discovering Franklin's hideout in front of Dr. Hayes' office at the hospital, and his true plan, they must now race against time to save Lt. Royko's son, who Franklin has kidnapped. Franklin implanted a pacemaker in Lt. Royko's son, kidnaps Dr. Hayes as she is coming to the hospital basement, connects Lt. Royko's son's pacemaker with Dr. Hayes' pulse with a special device, and then commits suicide by jumping off the hospital roof with a bomb. Lt. Royko and Dr. Hayes rush to the hospital basement to save Lt. Royko's son just in time."] [' Famous big game hunter and author Bob Rainsford  is the sole survivor of a shipwreck. He swims to a small, lush island. He becomes the guest of the expatriate Russian Count Zaroff , a fellow hunting enthusiast. Zaroff remarks that Rainsford\'s misfortune is not uncommon; in fact, four people from the previous sinking are still staying with him: Eve Trowbridge , her brother Martin ([[Robert Armstrong , and two sailors. That night, Zaroff introduces Rainsford to the Trowbridges and reveals his obsession with hunting. During one of his hunts, a Cape buffalo inflicted a head wound on him. He eventually became bored of the sport, to his great consternation, until he discovered "the most dangerous game" on his island. Rainsford asks if he means tigers, but Zaroff denies it. Later, Eve shares her suspicions of Zaroff\'s intentions with the newcomer. The count took each sailor to see his trophy room, on different days, and both have mysteriously disappeared. She believes their host is responsible, but Bob is unconvinced. Then Martin vanishes as well. In their search for him, Rainsford and Eve end up in Zaroff\'s trophy room, where they find a man\'s head mounted on the wall. Then, Zaroff and his men appear, carrying Martin\'s body. Zaroff expects Rainsford to view the matter like him and is gravely disappointed when Bob calls him a madman. He decides that, as Bob refuses to be a fellow hunter, he must be the next prey. If Rainsford can stay alive until sunrise, Zaroff promises him and Eve their freedom. However, he has never lost the game of what he calls "outdoor chess". Eve decides to go with Rainsford. Eventually, they are trapped by a waterfall. When Rainsford is attacked by a hunting dog, Zaroff shoots and the young man falls into the water. Zaroff takes Eve back to his fortress to enjoy his prize. However, the dog was shot, not Rainsford. Rainsford fights first Zaroff, then his henchmen, killing the henchmen. As Rainsford and Eve speed away in a motor boat, the dying Zaroff tries to shoot them. Unsuccessful, he succumbs to his wounds. He falls out of a window into the pack of his frenzied hunting dogs.'] ["Agnes White is a waitress living in a run-down motel in rural Oklahoma. Unable to move on from the disappearance of her son some years previously, she engages in drug and alcohol binges with her lesbian friend, R.C. Her abusive ex-husband, Jerry Goss, has recently been released from prison and she is receiving silent telephone calls which she suspects are from him. R.C. introduces Agnes to Peter Evans, a drifter who says he is a recently discharged soldier. Agnes and Peter reach out to each other out of loneliness, and start a relationship. The line between reality and delusion is blurred as they discover a bug infestation. Peter is, in fact, mentally ill, and believes he was the subject of biological tests by the U.S. government while he was in the military. He starts to draw Agnes into his delusions, persuading her that the silent telephone calls are the government trying to track him down and when he starts seeing bugs in the motel room, Agnes says that she can see them too. Jerry arrives at the motel and attempts to throw Peter out and restart his relationship with Agnes, but Peter persuades Agnes that Jerry is working for the government and she rejects him. Agnes also rejects R.C. when her friend tries to warn her away from Peter. Peter comes to believe that a nest of bugs has been implanted under one of his teeth, so he pulls it out. He fills the room with flypaper and bug zappers and his movements become increasingly twitchy as he slaps at invisible bugs, as does Agnes. A Dr. Sweet arrives, saying that Peter has escaped while under treatment at a mental institution, and tries to persuade him to return. Peter kills Sweet but tells Agnes that he was a robot sent by the government. Agnes is drawn ever deeper into Peter's delusions and creates her own delusion that her son had been taken from her by the government so that she and Peter could meet; she comes to believe that she has been implanted with a queen bug intended to mate with Peter's bugs and infest the world. To prevent this, Agnes and Peter douse themselves in gasoline and set themselves on fire. During the credits, the spectator can see first the toys of Agnes's son and then the body of Sweet in a house that is not burned: a possible interpretation is that the suicide of the two main characters by fire was only a hallucination."] ['Charlie Pope  is a writer who goes to Mexico to write the ending of the plot for a movie. In Mexico he is attracted to a woman, Natalie . They go together to a beach where when she goes away to swim, he is attacked and wakes up five days later. When he wakes up he discovers that one of his kidneys has been removed. Rather than return back he decides to find the "ring" whose members removed his kidney. He begins by tracking down Natalie . He returns to United States with Natalie. There he is attacked by Steve Mobley  who tells him that the surgery was a failure and they require his other kidney. He learns that Natalie was involved in the ring. When Steve is about to kill Charlie, Natalie intervenes and Charlie is able to kill Steve and turn away the people who have come to remove his other kidney. It seems the end and Charlie is finishing the script when Detective Topo  comes to meet him and informs him that he has questioned Natalie and she is innocent. Charlie goes out to meet her and sees that she looks identical to the Natalie he traveled with. In the end we hear a telephone conversation between Charlie and his boss  and we overhear that his boss has had a kidney transplant.'] ["The young Michèle Isola, who is about to inherit a fortune from her godmother, scarcely survives a terrible fire. When she regains consciousness it becomes evident she suffers with amnesia. Once her physical health is stable again, she is allowed to leave the hospital. Yet the currently mentally fragile patient still needs somebody to take care of her for the time being. Her former nanny Jeanne shall support her. Michèle, who is haunted by flashbacks, appreciates Jeanne's help until certain information arouses her suspicion. In secret she starts now an investigation"] ['Handicapped farmer Pete  and sister Ellen  have raised ward Meg as their own on a reclusive farm. Now a teen, Meg  convinces her friend Nath to come help with chores on the farm. When Nath insists on using a shortcut home through the woods, Pete warns the young man of screams in the night and the terrors associated with the abandoned red house. Curious, Meg and Nath ignore his warnings and begin exploring and troubling secrets are revealed.'] ['Dr. Jeff Cameron  tends to an attempted suicide victim named Margo  brought to San Francisco General Hospital. She later checks out, but sends him a telegram telling him her address in case he wants to hear her story. To his surprise, he finds she lives in a mansion. He breaks a date with his nurse girlfriend, Julie , because he is worried Margo may try to commit suicide again. As time goes on, he falls in love with Margo. However, when she tells Jeff that she is flying to Nassau with her aged father the next day, he shows up unannounced and boldly tells Frederick Lannington  that he is in love with the man\'s "daughter". Lannington, however, informs him that Margo is his wife and that she married him for his money. Stunned, Jeff leaves despite Margo\'s pleas. When he hears her scream, he returns and finds her holding an earring ripped from her ear. Lannington starts beating Jeff with a fireplace poker; in the ensuing struggle, Lannington strikes his head on the floor and is knocked unconscious. Dazed, Jeff goes to the bathroom; when he returns, he finds the old man dead. Jeff wants to call the police, but Margo insists they would believe it was murder. She persuades him to run away with her . They first try to use the airline tickets, but hurry away when they spot policemen at the ticket desk. They decide to drive to Mexico instead, taking the precaution of trading in Margo\'s convertible for a pickup truck provided by larcenous used car salesman "Honest Hal". At a stop, Jeff diagnoses his continuing headaches and mental fog as a concussion, warning Julie that it will lead to first paralysis of the extremities, perhaps even one side of his body, followed by a coma within 24 to 48 hours. In Roseville, Arizona, they are taken to the sheriff, but it is only because Jeff is not wearing a beard for the "Wild West Whiskers Week". After Margo explains they are on their way to Mexico to get married, the police chief  tells them that marriages are a Postville specialty and insists they get wed there that very night. While Jeff is out of the bedroom of their honeymoon suite, Julie listens to the news on the radio; she becomes enraged when the broadcast discloses she had been undergoing psychiatric treatment. Later, after the couple sneak away, the police chief identifies Margo from a photo and alerts the border patrol. It is revealed that Lannington was smothered to death with a pillow. In a border town, the fugitives sell Margo\'s $9000 bracelet to a pawnbroker for $1000. When the man sees that they are anxious to avoid the police, he sends them to theatre owner Milo DeLong , who offers to smuggle them into Mexico ... for $1000. As they wait, Jeff\'s left side becomes paralyzed. Then he finally realizes that Margo is mentally unstable and that she killed her husband. He decides not to go to Mexico; when he tries to stop Margo from leaving, she knocks him down, then smothers him. Fortunately, he was only rendered unconscious. He drags himself downstairs and out to the border crossing. When Margo sees him coming, she pulls a pistol out of her purse and starts shooting at him. The police return fire, fatally wounding her. Before she dies, she absolves Jeff of any blame. While recovering, Jeff asks his doctor if he can send a flower to someone. The doctor steps out into the hall and sends Julie in to see him.'] ["The film starts with Dr. Arnold  in a questioning session with Karla Homolka  in Regional Psychiatric Centre in Canada. Dr. Arnold is trying to help Karla express her true feelings about the events which occurred in her personal life. But Homolka seems to be refusing and negating all possibilities. Karla opens up the following day, recounting memories from the time she met Paul Bernardo . Karla with her friend Peggy is in a restaurant when Bernardo arrives with his friend Nick. After a little chit chat Paul and Karla advance towards having sex in front of their friends, which was shocking to both their friends. Karla thinks it is no big deal to have kinky sex or have sex in front of friends and that it is completely normal. Dr. Arnold tells Homolka that Paul blames their relationship for his nature to rape. Dr. Arnold questions about hints which Bernardo gave her of him being a rapist; to that Karla says that it was normal her when he said and that Paul was a rapist before they met. Dr. Arnold then asks about her relationship and jealousy towards her younger sister Tammy Homolka as she could see that Paul was attracted to her. Karla confesses that Paul wanted to deflower her sister and that he liked virgins. Bernardo and Homolka had a short argument over which he confessed that he wanted Tammy, he even convinced Karla on the name of his love to help him have sex with Tammy. Karla agreed and stole tranquilizers from her veterinary clinic. On the night of Christmas, Paul drugged Tammy's drinks until she dropped unconscious. Paul started video recording the process of Tammy's sexual abuse with Karla. Karla, who was covering Tammy's face with a rag was hesitant when Paul asked her to get sexual with Tammy. Bernardo hit Karla hard when she refused to. But soon Tammy started choking; both Homolka and Paul panicked and made emergency call to 9-1-1. While Karla was disposing the tranquilizers, Paul was dressing Tammy and trying to revive her. Detectives and medics surrounded the area and after brief questioning, the detective tells Paul and Karla that Tammy is dead. Paul has already hidden the tape he made of Tammy. Karla tells Dr. Arnold that Paul was obsessed with Tammy and kept watching the video repeatedly and even showing his friends. A friend suggests a mode of income to Paul which involved moving drugs from across the border. Paul and Karla buy a new home and their lives become good financially but Paul becomes more abusive with time. Paul begins to rape and kill women and also tells Karla without hesitation. Karla does not object to Paul's actions and continues her romance with him as she loved him deeply wanted to marry him. Paul continues having sex with other women and also started bringing his victims at home. Karla does not resist his routine and even involves sexually with the victims when Bernardo asks her to. She tells Dr. Arnold that Paul used to get violent if his videos were ruined and that she was sympathetic towards the victim. Paul kills one of his victims named Tina McCarthy  because she opened her eyes and he feared that she would recognize them. Paul cuts Tina's body into pieces and cements them separately to dispose off. Paul and Karla get married. Bernardo and Homolka visit the Czehowicz couple after their honeymoon, when they are told by the Czehowicz that the body of the girl who was chopped is recognized. Karla and Paul get startled and Paul becomes even more abusive towards her. Karla tells Dr. Arnold that Paul stopped for sometime after Tina's body was recovered but he was mentally craving for it. He started losing his friends and even their relationship was getting worse. Paul and Karla pick up another teenage girl named Kaitlyn Ross  and rape her. Karla realizes that the girl is missing her shoe, Paul gets upset with this, hits Karla and leaves her with Kaitlyn giving her a mallet to use on the girl in case. The disappearance of Kaitlyn attracts a lot of media frenzy. Parents of Kaitlyn make an appeal on television to the abductors. Paul shows the TV appeal to Kaitlyn and kills her. The police arrives at Paul's house for investigation. Paul pretends to be very co-operative and police leave satisfied. Paul becomes extremely violent and beats Karla mercilessly. Karla approaches the Czehowicz couple for help. Paul is booked under domestic violence but is released after a night. Paul tells his friend that he has tapes of Karla killing her sister Tammy and he would reveal all if he is in more trouble. Karla leaves Paul and feels free, but her freedom does not keep her happy for long. Paul is arrested by the police under suspicion of The Scarborough Rapes because of matched DNA samples. During the trial Paul testifies that it was Homolka who killed Kaitlyn Ross with a mallet. Karla denies all killings. Paul Bernardo is convicted on two counts of murder without any possibility of parole. Karla is given a sentence of 12 years in exchange for a guilty plea for manslaughter. The notes of the parole review read that Karla is denied parole as she is found to be extremely artificial and manipulative."] ["Alison Courtland, a wealthy New Yorker, hasn't a clue how she ended up on a train bound for Boston. When she phones her husband, Richard, the police listen in and learn from Richard that his wife has threatened him with a gun. On a flight home, fellow passenger Bruce Elcott falls in love with the married but unhappy Alison. Her husband makes Alison begin seeing Dr. Rhinehart, a psychiatrist. But it turns out that Rhinehart is a fake. He is actually Charles Vernay, a photographer hired by Richard Courtland, who is having an affair with another woman and hopes to get rid of Alison for good. The scheme is to drive Alison to suicide and inherit her money. Elcott arrives just in time to find Alison, apparently under hypnosis, about to leap from a balcony to her death. Elcott discovers that Vernay is the man who pretended to be the doctor. Richard, meanwhile, attempts to drug Alison and make her kill the doctor herself. Vernay finds out he has been betrayed. Verney then shoots Richard and is later killed by falling through a skylight after being chased by Elcott. It appears Elcott and Alison live happily ever after."] ['Financial analyst Tom Weaver  is a troubled man. He has recently broken off a potential affair with a co-worker named Rebecca. He is also arguing with himself if he wants to continue with a shady ten million dollar business deal with his boss. He has also discovered identical motel keys in his wife, Molly\'s purse and his boss\'s car, leading him to believe that she is having an affair. He confronts her about it and she denies this. He lies to her about where he is going and heads to his building to complete the deal to hopefully get himself rich. Under heavy levels of stress, Tom shouts at the kind old security guard, Eddie before going into the building. At midnight, Tom goes five levels down in the building\'s underground parking garage to E-5. Tom argues with his boss about it, who tells him that he has gotten in too deep to back out now, as millions would be lost should the process be interrupted. Tom quits the deal and leaves to his car. He tries to call his wife when he discovers that he is too deep in the garage to get service. Tom discovers that his car has been vandalized and left immobile. Tom realizes he\'s not alone. Watching and waiting, a massive 6000 pound black SUV truck whose driver sits hidden behind a veil of tinted glass. The driver is a psychotic killer with only one goal: Not letting Tom get out alive. the driver at first taunts him, chasing him, honking the horn, and flashing its lights, and Tom goes to the stairwell. However, it has been chained shut from the inside. Worse yet, the elevators are shut down for the night. Tom finds a fellow co-worker who is leaving and begs for a ride. Frightened, the woman maces him and flees. Armed with only a tire iron, Tom goes into the bathroom to wash the pepper spray out of his eyes, and discovers that the driver has attached a hose to the truck\'s exhaust pipe, and Tom flees his only safe place, which is quickly filling up with deadly carbon monoxide gas. Tom goes to a nearby truck where the driver appears and tries to mow him down with ltheir truck. He manages to get away from the truck by hiding behind a construction truck. He climbs on top of the construction truck and manages to climb on top of the truck, where he discovers the dead body of the woman who had earlier maced him. The truck\'s driver is willing to kill anybody who gets in the way of their goal. Tom realizes that he must outwit his pursuer and escape the garage while trying to figure out who wants him dead before it is too late. The driver realizes that Tom is on top of the car and bucks him into another car, before ramming it into the wall. Tom manages to flee and discover a repo man who also sees him as a threat. The repo man attempts to attack him, but he is thrown onto construction equipment and is impaled on nails. Tom believes the man is the driver, but he was actually the only man who could help him. Tom flees the path of the oncoming truck and hides in a parked car. He then sees Victor, the other security guard who knows his would-be mistress, Rebecca and appears to have a grudge against him. Victor sees the damage and attempts to arrest him, but Tom threatens him, right before Victor is mowed down by the truck. Tom flees and is nearly crushed behind a wall by the truck. A paranoid and terrified Tom realizes anybody could be a suspect. He escapes and manages to call Eddie on Victor\'s walkie talkie. He hears a loud crash and the line goes dead, leading him to believe that Eddie has too been killed. He steals a gun from his boss\'s car and finds his boss, who has been stabbed and tells him that his wife never went through with the affair, which she had no part in. He dies right as he tells Tom that he has made sure that he will not be leaving the garage alive. A suspenseful game of cat and mouse ensues as the huge truck chases him through the garage\'s levels. Tom continues to hide and flee from the truck, before eventually hiding under the truck, which backs into his leg, pinning him to the ground. The killer is revealed to be Eddie, who killed everyone because he finally snapped when he realized that Tom was pretending to like him, when everyone else didn\'t bother to mask their dislike for him. The garage doors open and Molly comes inside. Tom, despite a broken leg, manages to rescue Molly, who had been bound and gagged inside the toll booth, right before Eddie smashes it with the truck. Eddie is about to run them both down right as the police, whom Tom had called earlier at the top where there was cell phone service, arrive. Tom makes sure Molly is safe before borrowing a police car to finally destroy the truck with. He totals the truck, grabs a gun, and prepares to shoot Eddie through the windshield. The police stop this and open the door to discover that he has shot himself. Molly and Tom embrace at the top when Molly asks him "where did you park?".'] ['William Foster  is recently divorced, and his ex-wife Beth  has a restraining order to keep him away from her and their child, Adele. In addition, he was recently laid off by the defense agency for which he worked.{{cite news}} His frustration grows when his air conditioning fails while he is stuck in a traffic jam. He eventually abandons his car and begins walking across Los Angeles to attend Adele’s birthday party. At a convenience store, the Korean owner  refuses to give change for a telephone call. Foster begins ranting about the high prices. The owner grabs a baseball bat and demands Foster leave. Foster takes the bat and destroys much of the merchandise before leaving. Outside, he is accosted by two gang members who threaten him with a knife and demand his briefcase. Foster attacks them with the bat and takes their knife. The two gang members, now in a car with two friends, cruise the streets and find Foster in a phone booth. They open fire, hitting several bystanders but not Foster. The driver loses control and crashes. Foster picks up a gun, shoots the one surviving gang member, and then walks away with their bag of weapons. Foster encounters a panhandler begging for money and gives him the briefcase, which contains a sandwich and an apple. At a fast food restaurant, Foster attempts to order breakfast, but they have switched to the lunch menu. After an argument with the manager, Foster pulls a gun and accidentally fires into the ceiling. After trying to reassure the frightened employees and customers, Foster orders lunch, but is annoyed when the burger looks nothing like the one shown on the menu. He leaves, tries to call Beth from a phone booth, then shoots the booth to pieces after being hassled by someone who was waiting to use the phone. Sergeant Prendergast , who is on his last day before retirement, insists on investigating the crimes. Interviews with the witnesses at each scene lead Prendergast to realize that the same person may be responsible. Foster\'s “D-FENS” vanity license plate proves to be an important lead, because Prendergast remembers being in the same traffic jam as Foster earlier that day. Prendergast and his partner, Detective Torres , visit Foster\'s mother, who is surprised that he has managed to keep losing his job a secret. They realize Foster is heading toward his former family\'s home in Venice, California and rush to intercept him. Foster passes a bank where a black man is holding a sign stating "not economically viable," protesting being rejected for a loan application. The man exchanges a glance with Foster, then asks him to "remember me" as he is escorted away by police. Foster stops at a military surplus store to buy a new pair of shoes. The owner , a white supremacist, diverts Torres’ attention when she comes in to ask questions. After she leaves, he offers Foster a rocket launcher, and congratulates him for shooting "a bunch of niggers" at the Whammy Burger. When Foster expresses distaste for the store owner\'s racism, the man pulls a gun, but Foster shoots and kills him. He changes into army fatigues and boots, takes the rocket launcher, and leaves. He encounters a road repair crew, who are not doing much work, and accuses them of doing unnecessary repairs to justify their budget. He pulls out the rocket launcher, but struggles to use it, until a young boy explains how it works. Foster accidentally fires the launcher, blowing up the construction site. By the time Foster reaches Beth’s house, she has already fled with Adele. He realizes that they may have gone to nearby Venice Pier, but Prendergast and Torres arrive before he can go after them. Foster shoots Torres and flees, with Prendergast in pursuit. At the end of the pier, Foster confronts his ex-wife and daughter. His daughter is happy to see him, but his ex-wife is frightened. Prendergast arrives and acknowledges Foster\'s complaints about being ill-treated by society, but does not accept that as an excuse for his rampage. Distracting Foster, Beth kicks away the gun as Prendergast draws his revolver, insisting that Foster give himself up. Foster pulls a water gun, forcing Prendergast to shoot him dead.'] ['After being released from prison, convicted felon Max Truemont  and his fiancée Roxanne , wish to have a fresh start by running a small diner of their own. However, the bank refuses to loan US$ 50,000.00 to them to open the business, and without alternatives, Max accepts the invitation of his former partner Sydney and his associate Vince to participate in the kidnapping of the eight-year-old David, the son of a wealthiest woman in New England, under the command of a mysterious mastermind behind the kidnapping. After the successful abduction of the eight-year-old boy, David , the group awaits ransom instructions in a secluded hideout. However, as they begin to become suspicious of each other, Max realizes the boy is not as innocent as he seemed. The boy commands various characters in the movie to kill each other. At the end it is seen that the mastermind is none other than the boy\'s own mother who adopted him. She tells Max that the kidnapped boy is a demon. He can suggest or "whisper" ideas to weak minded individuals. She pleads with Max to kill the boy on her behalf. On Max\'s refusal she kills herself with her own hand gun. At the end Max kills David, but with the loss of his fiancee Roxanne, who\'s killed accidentally by Max himself.'] ["When two teenagers are gunned down on Lake Herman RoadIMDB Cast and Crew of the Vallejo Police Department. With few leads, the case goes unsolved and the emotional attachment causes heartache for Parish's family; wife Laura  Six months later on July 4 – as Parish begins to lose hope – the Zodiac strikes again. This time he guns down a couple in a deserted parking lot. He's inches away as he pulls the trigger, but he never reveals his true identity. Just an hour after the shooting, the Vallejo Police Department receives an anonymous call, confessing to the murders that have just taken place. Days after the second murder, a letter is sent to Bay Area newspapers the San Francisco Chronicle and the San Francisco Examiner, threatening that 12 more people will die unless the three papers print the encoded letter they've just received. The killer reveals that if they can decipher the note, his true identity will be revealed. It becomes an obsession for Det. Parish to solve the case. He spends all his time with the coded sheet, sketches composed of the killer and various psychological reports, putting a greater strain on his family. The ever increasing publicity pushes him to the edge. When Parish receives more anonymous calls and ciphered letters , he thinks he's got his suspect. Disobeying orders by Chief Frank Perkins  he goes in search for the killer. When he storms into the suspect's house, his allegations are shattered because the man has no relation to the murders. The police later hear of more killings, but the case doesn't get anywhere close to being resolved. On April 24, 1978, ten years after the first reported murder, the Chronicle receives another letter: {{cquote}} The film ends with the statement that the killer has not been captured."] ["The police investigate a string of murders committed by the Creeper , a mysterious killer with a hideously disfigured face. The Creeper attacks and murders Professor Cushman ([[John Hamilton , a professor from the nearby Hampton University. Later that night, the killer approaches a woman named Joan Bemis  in front of her home and identifies himself as Hal Moffet. Joan screams hysterically at the sight of him until he is driven to kill her. When police cars approach, the Creeper climbs the fire escape of a city tenement building to escape and enters the apartment of Helen Paige , a blind pianist. Unable to see the Creeper's deformed face, Helen is not afraid of the intruder, even when he admits he is fleeing from the police. When officers knock on her door, Helen encourages him to hide in her bedroom, where he escapes through the window. The next day, a general store delivery boy named Jimmy  listens to a radio report about the Creeper's murders. The cantankerous store-owner Mr. Haskins  arrives with a hand-written letter slipped under the door requesting groceries be delivered to a nearby dock. Jimmy brings the groceries to the dock and leaves them at a door, where the Creeper takes them into his hideout. But, when Jimmy tries to spy on him through a window, the Creeper sneaks up on Jimmy and kills him. Meanwhile, at the police station, Captain M.J. Donelly  and Lieutenant Gates  receive complaints from the mayor's office about their failure to arrest the Creeper, but they deflect the blame. The two officers then get a call about the missing delivery boy and head to the dock to investigate. The Creeper sneaks out and escapes while Donelly and Gates infiltrate his hideout and discover Jimmy's corpse. Donnelly also finds a newspaper clipping with a man named Hal Moffet and two of his friends, Clifford Scott  and Virginia Rogers , during their college days. The police visit Clifford and Virginia, who are now married and wealthy. Clifford tells the officers during college, Hal was a handsome college football star who competed with Clifford for Virginia's affections. One day, while helping Hal prepare for a chemistry exam, a jealous Clifford deliberately gave him the wrong answers, resulting in Hal being asked by Professor Cushman to remain after class for extra work. While working on a chemistry experiment, Clifford walks by the window with Virginia to boast. Furious, Hal, hurls a beaker to the ground, accidentally causing an explosion that disfigures his face. Donnelly speculates that Hal is the Creeper, and that he killed Professor Cushman and Joan because he holds them partially responsible for his accident. Meanwhile, the Creeper goes to a pawn store to buy a brooch for Helen, and kills the pawnbroker  following a fight. He later brings the brooch to Helen, who he realizes for the first time is blind. Hal learns she needs $3,000 for surgery that would restore her eyesight. When Helen tries to touch his face, Hal angrily storms out. He then goes to the Scott residence and demands money from Clifford and Virginia, who he blames for his disfigurement. Clifford draws a gun and shoots Hal twice in the stomach, but the weakened Hal manages to strangle Clifford to death before escaping with Virginia's jewels. He brings them to Helen, who is concerned about Hal's injuries, but he flees before she can learn he is shot. Helen brings the jewels to an appraiser, who recognizes them as having recently been reported stolen. Donelly and Gates bring Helen into the station, where they inform her Hal is the Creeper and accuse her of harboring a murderer. Reluctantly, she agrees to help them capture him. The next day, the newspapers run stories about Helen cooperating with police, which infuriates Hal. Feeling betrayed, he sneaks back into her apartment and finds her playing the piano. Sneaking up from behind, Hal is about to strangle her when the police seize and arrest him. The film ends with Donelly and Gates assuring Helen she will get the operation she needs."] ['Philip Lamont, a priest struggling with his faith, attempts to exorcise a possessed South American girl, who claims to "heal the sick." Afterwards, Lamont is assigned by the Cardinal to investigate the death of Father Lankester Merrin, who had been killed four years prior in the course of exorcising the Assyrian demon Pazuzu from Regan MacNeil. The Cardinal informs Lamont  that Merrin is up on posthumous heresy charges due to his controversial writings. Apparently, Church authorities are trying to modernize and do not want to acknowledge that Satan as an actual evil entity exists. Regan, although now seemingly normal and staying with guardian Sharon Spencer in New York, continues to be monitored at a psychiatric institute by Dr. Gene Tuskin. Regan claims she remembers nothing about her plight in Washington, D.C., but Tuskin believes her memories are only buried or repressed. Father Lamont visits the institute but his attempts to question Regan about the circumstances of Father Merrin\'s death are rebuffed by Dr. Tuskin, believing that Lamont\'s approach would do Regan more harm than good. In an attempt to plumb her memories of the exorcism, specifically the circumstances in which Merrin died, Dr. Tuskin hypnotizes the girl, to whom she is linked by a "synchronizer"{{spaced ndash}}a biofeedback device used by two people to synchronize their brainwaves. After a guided tour by Sharon of the Georgetown house where the exorcism took place, Lamont returns to be coupled with Regan by synchronizer. The priest is spirited to the past by Pazuzu to observe Father Merrin exorcising a young boy, Kokumo, in Africa. Learning that the boy developed special powers to fight Pazuzu, who appears as a swarm of locusts, Lamont journeys to Africa, defying his superior, to seek help from the adult Kokumo. Lamont learns that Pazuzu attacks people who all have some form of psychic healing ability. Kokumo has since become a scientist, studying how to prevent grasshoppers from becoming locust swarms. Regan is able to reach telepathically inside the minds of others; she uses this to help an autistic girl to speak, for instance. Father Merrin belonged to a group of theologians who believed that psychic powers were a spiritual gift which would one day be shared by all humanity in a kind of global consciousness; and thought people like Kokumo and Regan were foreshadowers of this new type of humanity. In a vision, Merrin asks Lamont to watch over Regan. Lamont and Regan return to the old house in Georgetown. The pair are followed by Tuskin and Sharon, concerned about Regan\'s safety. En route, Pazuzu tempts Lamont by offering him unlimited power, appearing as a succubus doppelganger of Regan. Lamont initially succumbs to the demon but is brought back by Regan and attacks the Regan doppelganger while a swarm of locusts deluge the pair and the entire house begins to crumble around them. However, Lamont manages to kill the Regan doppelganger by beating open its chest and pulling out its heart. In the end, Regan banishes the locusts  by enacting the same ritual attempted by Kokumo to get rid of locusts in Africa . Outside the house, Sharon dies from burn injuries after she immolates herself and Tuskin tells Lamont to watch over Regan. Regan and Lamont leave and Tuskin remains at the house to answer the police\'s questions.'] ['Kevin and Rachel move to Los Angeles to follow their dream – making it in cinema. They can\'t believe their luck when they find the perfect house on a hill called Edendale – right next door to Hollywood. Here, all the neighbors are in "the business", and they have high hopes for Kevin and Rachel. But Rachel\'s dreams soon turn to nightmares. First, there\'s something hiding in the closet, then, the awful crying in the walls, and now, Kevin is acting strange. Terrified, Rachel thinks she must be going crazy – but could her insanity extend to the hill itself? As the neighbors eagerly await the completion of Kevin\'s work, Rachel must convince him to leave this place before the powerful Ghosts of Edendale reach through time to possess his very soul.'] ['Clay Beresford  is in love with Sam , who portrays his mother\'s personal assistant. Clay requires a heart transplant. Dr. Jack Harper  is Clay\'s heart surgeon and friend. Clay asks Dr. Harper to arrange his elopement with Sam. They marry privately at midnight. Clay then goes to the hospital for the operation. During surgery while Clay\'s new wife along with his mother, Lilith, await completion of the operation, Clay encounters anesthesia awareness. The surgical pain causes Clay to have a clairvoyant experience exposing Dr. Harper\'s plot to murder Clay, also revealing that Sam worked at the hospital under Dr. Harper and has conspired with him against Clay. Sam\'s plan was to marry Clay then poison the donor heart to cause its rejection thus murdering Clay to collect insurance money to pay off Dr. Harper\'s malpractice lawsuits. The scheme unravels and Clay\'s mother, Lilith, realizing what has happened, sacrifices herself so that Clay can live, having barely survived the surgery and attempt on his life. She commits suicide and her heart is switched for the sabotaged one. During a shared out of body experience Lilith reveals that she killed his abusive father and that she is proud of what Clay has become. The film closes with Dr. Harper saying, "He\'s awake."'] ['{{Expand section}} An eccentric genius is forced to confront the consequences of his own madness in this independent drama.'] ['Twenty-two years after his initiation into a secret society known as the "Brotherhood of the Bell" or "the Bell," Dr. Andrew  Patterson  is requested to be the "senior" of a new initiate, Phillip Everest Dunning . The initiation takes place in "the secret chamber of the bell" in the Beta Epsilon Lambda fraternity house of St. George College in San Francisco at sunrise. Patterson is coldly greeted by the house proctor Weber, who directs him to the library where he meets his "senior" Chad Harmon  of San Francisco, a member for forty years. The initiation takes place before a large bell in the center of points of the compass depicted on the floor. Phillip Dunning had been studying the articles and letters of the brotherhood since midnight. He is then instructed by Harmon to give them to him to be destroyed. He is sworn to secrecy, and he takes his appropriate place at the due east compass point with Harmon at the south point, Patterson at the west point, and Weber at the north point. He is reminded that he will be given an assignment or "due bill" at some indeterminate time in the future, and instructed that he is obliged to carry it out without question. The four men recite the oath of loyalty and secrecy and end by tolling the bell. As they leave the fraternity house Chad Harmon gives Patterson a business card with an address written on it, telling him to stop by there before he takes the return flight to Los Angeles. In a parting conversation with his new junior Phillip Dunning, he makes the point of telling him that they are not only part of the establishment but "the" establishment. Patterson arrives at the address on the business card to find that it is a mansion that is probably unoccupied—the furniture in the parlor he goes to is covered with dust sheets. A tall gray-haired man asks him for the card, and hands him two envelopes. A legal envelope contains the assignment, and a large manila envelope contains materials that assist in carrying out the assignment. Patterson is told to open them one hour after leaving the mansion. Chad Harmon is then shown in his office being seated for luncheon when Patterson is ushered in. When the two of them are alone, Patterson tells Harmon his assignment: to see to it that a colleague at his institute, Dr. Constantine Horvathy , decline a deanship of the College of Linguistics in the eastern United States to which he has been appointed. The materials to assist in that assignment are photostated dossiers  of all the men and women in a Communist nation that helped him to defect to the west. Patterson is instructed to send them to the embassy of that nation if Horvathy refuses to comply. Since Horvathy is a dear friend of Patterson and his wife, Harmon tries to calm Patterson with advice to make his appeal to Horvathy on a personal level, which might eliminate the need of blackmail. Patterson summarily complies when he returns to Los Angeles by seeing Dr. Horvathy just before an evening scholarly presentation. Dr. Horvathy does not agree to comply with Patterson\'s request that he decline the deanship, and demands reasons why he should do so. Patterson hands him the dossiers, which terrify Horvathy into hurrying back to his apartment and committing suicide that evening. Dr. and Mrs. Vivian Patterson  are awakened by police investigating Horvathy\'s suicide since Patterson was the last person to talk with Horvathy. When the police leave Dr. Patterson tells his wife the real reason Horvathy committed suicide. Vivian suggests that Patterson see her father Harry Masters ([[Maurice Evans  and ask his advice. Harry Masters and Patterson meet with a Thaddeus Byrnes, whom Masters says is an agent of the "Federal Security Services" . They meet in what Byrnes calls a cover office. Byrnes persuades Patterson to surrender the papers he has, which he does. When there is no follow up, Patterson returns to the building, which also houses an ostensible office of the Federal Security Services. An Agent Shepherd  gives Patterson the astounding news that there is no agent Thaddeus Byrnes, and that there is no record of his report to the FSS with information on the Brotherhood of the Bell. Harry Masters when called by Shepherd denies having taken Patterson to see Byrnes, and tells him that Patterson is emotionally disturbed and needs to consult a psychiatrist. Coincidentally, when Patterson goes again to Harry Masters\' home, he finds him in his study with a psychiatrist. Patterson ends the visit with the statement, "You\'re a damned liar, Harry!" Patterson then finds out that his entire branch of economics at his college must be discontinued by the Dean Dr. Jerry Fielder  due to a rash stoppage of grant money. Patterson is then "black-listed" so that he cannot acquire employment elsewhere as a professor. The strain of all of this causes Vivian and him to separate as he realizes that all he has ever had in life for the past 22 years has been given to him because he was a brother of the Bell. Patterson holds a press conference in which he discloses the existence of the Brotherhood of the Bell and his assignment from them that brought about Constantine Horvathy\'s death. It is denied by Chad Harmon, and the local district attorney discounts it on lack of evidence. His father Mike Patterson , who is a road construction contractor, is also ruined by a sudden audit of Patterson Construction\'s books. The elder Patterson suffers a stroke in a confrontation with Harry Masters and dies shortly thereafter. Dr. Patterson has now become a crusader to expose and destroy the Brotherhood of the Bell. He appears on a local television talk show hosted by Bart Harris , who conducts an on-the-air forum of people, who respond to his guests. Since Patterson alleges a conspiracy, two eccentric forum participants claim that they know all about it as something altogether different. Harris humiliates Patterson by telling him that he, too, is part of a lunatic fringe in the United States, which finds conspiracy everywhere. Patterson attacks Harris physically and is led off to jail. Help comes from an unexpected quarter when his friend Dr. Fielder bails him out of jail and has him stay at his home. He encourages Patterson to find another brother of the Bell to come forward with him. Patterson can think of no one who would do this but his own junior Phillip Dunning. He flies to San Francisco, and confronts Dunning in his dorm room early in the morning. Feeling he has failed to convince Dunning, he dejectedly returns to the airport. He is shown walking down a deserted corridor of the airport when he hears footsteps of someone running towards him. It is Dunning rushing to meet up with him to go back to Los Angeles and do what Dr. Fielder had suggested.'] ["When 17-year-old Tanja is found murdered in the city of Tromsø, far up in the Norwegian Arctic, Kripos police officers Jonas Engström  and Erik Vik  are called in to investigate. Engström is a police inspector formerly with the Swedish Police Service who moved to Norway after being caught having sex with the main witness in one of his cases. Vik is nearing retirement age, and his memory is ailing. Engström devises a plan to lure the murderer back to the scene of the crime, but the stakeout is blown and the murder suspect flees into the fog. Events take a turn for the worse when the fugitive shoots one of the pursuing unarmed Norwegian police officers. Without telling his colleagues, however, Engström carries a gun from his days in the Swedish police, who routinely carry firearms. While shooting at what he believes to be the suspect, Engstrom accidentally kills Vik, who had mistakenly run right instead of left as ordered. Engström initially tells the truth about the shooting, but realizes that everyone assumes that the fugitive shot Vik. He decides to conceal his culpability. When one of Engström's colleagues, Hilde Hagen , is assigned to investigate Vik's death, he becomes worried about ballistic fingerprinting and tampers with evidence to support his story. Haunted by guilt and unable to sleep with the midnight sun of the Arctic, Engström becomes increasingly unhinged and starts hallucinating about Vik. Things become even worse when he learns that Tanja's murderer saw him shoot Vik. Engström learns from one of Tanja's friends that she has been seeing Jon Holt , a crime novelist. He correctly deduces that Holt killed Tanja, but Holt blackmails Engström with his knowledge of the Vik shooting. The two meet and decide to frame Tanja's boyfriend Eilert for her murder, with Engström later planting Holt's gun under Eilert's bed. However, Hagen is not convinced of Eilert's involvement, and when new evidence emerges, Engström knows that it's only a matter of time before Holt is arrested. Engström tracks down Holt in the ruins at a waterfront and tries to talk with him. Holt suspects that Engström has come to kill him and holds him at gunpoint. He explains how he killed Tanja in a fit of rage when she rejected his advances. Holt tries to flee across a pier, but the rotten floorboards give way and he falls into the water below. He hits his head and drowns, while Engström looks on. When he rummages through Holt's nearby house, Engström finds Tanja's dress, which Holt removed before dumping the body. With Holt dead, and having found definitive proof that he was the murderer, the case is closed. Just before he leaves town, Engström is visited by Hagen, who shows him a cartridge case found at the site where Vik was shot. She notes that it is a Norma case, which Engström confirms is a brand used by the Swedish police. Engström expects Hagen to arrest him, but she instead lets him off the hook and she leaves the cartridge case. However, when Engström is driving off, his face is weary, so are his eyes, suggesting that he didn't recover from the sleeping disorder."] ['The story involves two women, one a femme fatale Catherine  whose true name is never known. She preys on wealthy middle-aged men, seducing them into marriage and then fatally poisoning them. Each death is misdiagnosed as Ondine\'s curse, a condition by which seemingly healthy middle-aged men die in their sleep. Justice Department agent Alexandra Barnes  stumbles onto the first murder while investigating another case. As Alexandra delves further into the case, she uncovers a pattern which she believes ties the same woman to several similar murders. Using exhaustive research, elaborate disguises, and identity changes, Catherine weaves her web anew with each murder, killing a publishing magnate, a toy maker , and a museum curator , and is quickly moving on to her next victim: Paul Nuytten , an international hotel tycoon. Later, she reveals she has been married six times, and possibly as many murders. Receiving her boss Bruce\'s  permission, Alexandra goes undercover to track down Catherine\'s background and then identify her next potential victim. The trails leads to Seattle where Catherine kills husband number three , and finally to Hawaii, where the two women meet and eventually engage in a sexually intense war of wits and wills. They both compete for the affection of wealthy Paul Nuytten, and Catherine eventually marries him. Alexandra is arrested for Paul\'s murder when the police find a poison in her room. Catherine visits Alexandra in prison, and while they talk, Paul shows up with Alexandra\'s colleagues. Alexandra tells the shocked Catherine, "yes, we know — we found the poison before he did."'] ['{{Plot}} The titular Mindhunters are a group of young FBI students who are undergoing training as profilers. They travel with their instructor Jake Harris  to a small island off the coast of Virginia in order to complete a profiling exercise. The island is used as a training facility by the FBI and the military where a mock town has been constructed. Harris has arranged an elaborate training scenario for his students whereby their mission is to create a profile of a serial killer who has committed a murder in the town. The students include Bobby , a young man with a talent for fixing things; Vince , a wheelchair-using ex-cop who goes nowhere without his gun; Nicole , a smoker who is attempting to quit; Sara , a talented but insecure profiler who is also petrified of drowning; Gabe , an outside observer; Rafe ([[Will_Kemp_, a very intelligent, caffeine-powered British investigator; Lucas , a supposedly fearless man whose parents were killed when he was a child; and J.D. , their leader and Nicole\'s lover. They arrive on the island and commence their investigation the following day. The group encounters an elaborate, Rube Goldberg or Heath Robinson style trap. J.D.\'s position as leader of the group prompts him to investigate it more closely. His actions have fatal consequences as he is killed by liquid nitrogen. Convinced that this was not an accident, the group heads to the dock to leave the island. They fear that a killer is on the island with them. Their actions trigger another trap, this one destroying the boat they were going to use in order to escape. While recuperating from the last trap, Rafe makes some coffee which turns out to be drugged, knocking everyone out. They come to discover that Rafe has been decapitated and exsanguinated while unconscious and that the killer has painted an elaborate group of numerical ciphers using Rafe\'s drained blood. Tensions run high among the group, and rest of the film focuses on their efforts to find and use messages from the killer as well as the resources at hand  to learn when more victims will be killed while attempting to deduce which of them is the killer. At first, suspicions seem to point to Gabe because of a map of the island found next to his bed. He temporarily deflects this when he saves Vince from yet another trap, although this indirectly leads to Bobby\'s death; due to his mechanical nature & while trying to shut off a water valve, he unknowingly triggers a device that fires a harpoon-tipped fletchet into his neck. Later, the results of a blood analysis collected from scraped skin samples found under Rafe\'s fingernails point to Sara, who denies being the killer; Lucas supports her. Nicole ultimately decides she cannot trust any of her colleagues and leaves while holding the others at gunpoint, resulting in her death; the stress of the situation causes her to relapse into her smoking addiction and while walking outside, she finds spontaneously vended pack of cigarettes. She steps out to smoke one and quickly learns that it has been laced with a strong acid, which eats her alive from the inside as Gabe and Lucas stare on in horror. Sara, meanwhile, finally deduces that the traps are based on their strengths, talents, and weaknesses and the remaining profilers elect to stick together, to keep an eye on each other. Unexpectedly, the island\'s speakers begin to broadcast a taunting message from none other than Harris, making them realize that he did not leave the island, though he led the profilers to believe that he had; convinced that he has been the killer all along, they search for him. Later, however, Sara, Gabe and Lucas find Harris and two other FBI agents next to him, all dead; Harris has been strung up to wires from the ceiling as a sort of marionette, just like the fake crime scene that they were to investigate. The three survivors quickly realize that the killer is one of them, and in the shootout that ensues, Gabe seemingly takes out Lucas. At the same time, Vince manages to crawl to the elevator but hears someone coming toward him. He fires his gun  at the stranger, but it has been tampered with by the killer and explosively misfires, sending shards into his face and arm. Gabe and Sara then confront each other, each believing the other to be the serial killer. Lucas, who was wearing a bullet-proof vest, returns and jumps Gabe from behind. The two violently attack one another, eventually falling through a glass ceiling. Gabe starts to get up but is knocked unconscious by Sara, who then begins to tend to Lucas. Sara explains to Lucas the trick up her sleeve: she set a trap taking into account the killer’s obsession with time. However, this reveals that Lucas, not Gabe, is the real mastermind. Lucas says he was the one who murdered his parents, but after no one suspected him, he grew bored and required more intelligent peers as worthy prey. Lucas muses that Sara has another weakness besides a fear of water: "Me". Lucas tries to drown Sara, but she manages to kick him into the water and an underwater gunfight ensues. In the end, after a feigned drowning, Sara gains the upper hand and wounds Lucas. Intending to survive, Lucas begins to taunt her about the evidence he planted blaming her, until Gabe reappears: he is the last witness. In a last desperate effort, Lucas attempts to regain his weapon, forcing Sara to kill him. The film ends with Sara and Gabe flagging down a helicopter together. As they move to board, Sara wonders whether or not she has achieved profiler status.'] ['Ronald Wilby  is a socially inept, awkward high school youth with budding artistic talent and a predilection for fantasy, who is often ridiculed for his behavior and mannerisms. His overprotective mother, Elaine (Kim Hunter of [[Planet of the Apes  is in need of surgery and plans for Ronald to become a doctor and cure her illness. Ronald\'s father has not been heard from in years, having divorced his mother and then agreeing to terminate his parental rights in exchange for not having to pay child support. One afternoon, while asking Laurie Matthews out, he is rejected and then ridiculed by her friends. As he returns home, he accidentally knocks over her younger sister Carole. Carole taunts Ronald, at which point he pushes her over, inadvertently killing her when she strikes her head on a concrete block during the fall. He buries the body and confesses to his mother, but fearing the police will not believe that it was accidental, Ronald and his mother wallpaper the door frame to the downstairs bathroom and convert the closed-off space to a living quarters for Ronald, with a concealed trapdoor in the pantry through which Ronald can escape in an emergency. The plan is for him to hide in the room until the incident blows over, and Mrs. Wilby tells the police that Ronald ran away. Ronald\'s mother keeps paying attention to what neighbors  and others are saying about the young girl\'s disappearance and tells Ronald that when it\'s safe, he can return to a normal life. One afternoon, she is taken into a hospital for gallbladder surgery, from which she unexpectedly dies. In the meantime, Ronald has created a fantasy world in his own head consisting of a prince and a princess that live happily until a devil appears and a struggle begins. Shortly after her death, the house is sold to the Wood family, consisting of a mother , father  and three teenage daughters: Babs, Althea and Ellen. As Ronald needs food to eat, and begins to crave human interaction, sudden disappearances of food and odd noises are experienced by the new family. Babs, the youngest daughter of the family, becomes identified with Ronald\'s princess and he identifies himself as the prince. Duane Matthews , oldest daughter Ellen\'s boyfriend and brother of the previously mentioned Matthews girls, becomes identified with the monster that threatens their happiness. Ronald\'s goal is to "regain" his princess and remove anything, including the members of her family, that stops his dream from becoming reality. During this time, neighbor Mrs. Schumacher spots Ronald on a venture outside his space and dies of a heart attack from the shock; fearing the police will blame him, Ronald ends up burying her as well. Mr. and Mrs. Wood then make plans to go out of town for a couple of days, leaving the girls on their own. Ronald confronts Babs when she is alone in the house and tells her she is his princess. She flees to Mrs. Schumacher\'s house next door , but Ronald locks her in the basement and forges a note for her sisters to find, claiming she has run away. Both Ellen and Althea are skeptical of the note, but the police refuse to do anything. Ronald later attacks Duane, knocking him out and tying him up. The police now suspect something is amiss and advise Ellen and Althea to check into a hotel, but they refuse. Shortly after the police leave, Althea notices one of the many peepholes Ronald has drilled. When she approaches it, she suddenly sees Ronald\'s eye staring back at her, and screams in terror as Ronald then breaks through the wall. The police, who have been watching the house, hear the girls\' screams and rush back. Ronald is captured as he tries to flee, crying out for his mother. Soon afterwards, Duane and Babs are discovered, shaken but not seriously harmed'] ['Vik, played by Carlucci Weyant, estranged and separated from his father, Ranvir Vijayendra Ghatge, for the past thirty years, visits him in Ooty with his bride Anna Alma Saraci from New York at her insistence, but only for a day or two. The moment Anna alights from the train that brings them to the small town, she unwittingly becomes the medium of events including visions of a murder that took place in the woods surrounding Vik’s father’s home thirty years ago. With little love by Vik for his father, it is Anna, an orphan, who conspires with her father-in-law to change Vik’s mind about staying longer and taking over his father’s business. The hauntings now become more frequent and intense, making Anna sick to the point of her mental state of mind questioned. Even though Anna had never set foot in India, let alone Ooty before, she seems very familiar with the surroundings and even some people. Anna begins to questions some people who then see her as a threat. The nightmares occur more frequently and with more specificity. At first Vik accuses Anna of having some ingrained psychological problems, which hurt Anna deeply - but when strange inexplicable events happen to Vik himself he apologizes to Anna. Vik resolves to help Anna and when it is discovered that a murder had indeed taken place thirty years ago, together they try to solve the mystery. The spirit of Linda Claudia Ciesla, raped and murdered thirty years ago, reincarnated as Anna, leads Anna and Vik to the discovery of the identity of the murderer."Hollywood movie being shot in Ooty", Chennai Online, 11 February 2008 Sehban Azim played a small role in the film as Rocky.'] ['The main character of the story is Bulcsú , who is working in the Metro system, checking tickets. He is known to have a previous job but the movie doesn\'t expand on that. He eats and sleeps underground and never sees the sunlight. He is a member of a ticket inspector team . His team struggles to check riders\' tickets because people revile and hate them to the point where ticket inspectors are assaulted daily. When not on duty late at night, Bulcsú explores the abandoned or under-construction sections of the subway tunnels. Among the ticket inspectors on the same shift there is a conflict between Bulcsú\'s team and another team. Bulcsú is challenged to "rail running" by this other team\'s leader. "Rail running" is an event similar to the running of the bulls. Once the last passenger train leaves the station, the contenders must run through the tunnels and exit before the last \'express\' train, which does not stop at any station. Bulcsú exits the tunnel first with his opponent close behind. Bulcsú pulls the opponent off the track just in time to prevent the train running over him. While Bulcsú is on a ticket inspection, he meets a woman, Sofie , who is dressed as a bear and never buys a ticket for the metro. No direct explanation is ever given as to why she is dressed as a bear, however, it is implied that the costume is part of her job. Bulcsú falls in love with Sofie, and much later he discovers that she is the daughter of his good friend Béla , a metro driver . Béla is an alcoholic; he used to drive trains on the surface until he crashed a train due to "lack of braking distance". Deaths start occurring in the Metro  with passengers and bystanders seemingly leaping into the path of the oncoming trains. At first the characters think the victims are suicidal jumpers. The audience, however, and later Bulcsú see that the deaths are caused by someone, or something, pushing each victim onto the tracks right before a train comes. The identity of the murderer is never known and is seen only as a quickly moving hooded figure. The figure is wearing the same kind of leather jacket and hoodie that Bulcsú is seen dressed in throughout the film; further obscuring the murderers identity. When Bulcsú is chasing a troublesome passenger, nicknamed "Bootsie" , the murderer pushes Bootsie in front of a train. Bulcsú is suspected of the crime, which leads to him quitting his job. While brooding and in despair he is attacked by the murderer. He has to run for his life on the rails. In the end, the train apparently hits the murderer, and Bulcsú leaves the underground hand in hand with Sofie. Every staircase of the escalator is moving upwards.'] ['On the morning of September 11, 2001, First officer LeRoy Homer Jr. gets dressed in his F.A.A. official uniform, kisses his wife and leaves for work. The terrorist ringleader Ziad Jarrah performs the Islamic final rites in his hotel room and then leaves for Newark International Airport. At the airport, the passengers and crew board United Airlines Flight 93 bound for San Francisco, along with the hijackers. Shortly after boarding, Flight 93 is delayed for 41 minutes because of the high volume of traffic, as the other three soon-to-be hijacked flights take off. Air traffic controllers monitoring all current flights notice that American Airlines Flight 11, a Boeing 767, has taken a southern turn toward New York City and hijacker Mohamed Atta makes a threatening transmission from the flight deck. Shortly after, Flight 11 descends into Lower Manhattan and crashes into the North Tower of the World Trade Center, though air traffic controllers are not aware of it. After Flight 11 crashes, United Airlines Flight 175 begins to descend and turn toward New York City as well. Air traffic controllers then realize they are dealing with a hijacking. Shortly after, American Airlines Flight 77 is hijacked. The traffic controllers alert the U.S. Air Force, who debate whether or not to shoot down all suspected hijacked flights. The air traffic controllers and Air Force then watch as Flight 175 crashes into the South Tower of the World Trade Center on live television. When word of the planes hitting the World Trade Center reaches Flight 93,the Captain asks if this is true. After the seatbelt sign is turned off, Ahmed al-Haznawi assembles a fake bomb out of clay and plastic during breakfast, then the other three hijackers hold off the flight attendants, and wrestle their way into the cockpit and overpower the pilots, turning the plane around, which is now over Ohio, toward Pennsylvania. By this time, Flight 77 has crashed into the Pentagon in Arlington, Virginia. Footage of the South Tower collapsing in New York is also seen on TV at the home of one of the victims\' family.  To the growing consternation of Ben Sliney and his staff, coordination with the Air Force is haphazard and there are not enough planes ready, or armed, to respond to an in-air hijacking. Sliney ultimately decides to shut down all airspace in the United States and ground every flight. The hijackers do not prevent anyone from making phone calls through the onboard phone system. After hearing about the planes crashing into the World Trade Center and the Pentagon, the passengers and crew understand that if they do nothing, they will also reach a target, and eventually elect to storm the cockpit and attempt to retake the plane. The passengers make final phone calls to family in which they declare their intentions. The remaining crew assemble what makeshift weapons they can: cutlery, wine bottles, a fire extinguisher and hot water. Learning that one of the passengers can fly a plane , the group pin their hopes on his being able at least to control the plane. Todd Beamer is seen calling Lisa Jefferson, and he disconnects the phone and says, You ready?.... Let\'s roll! They start their counter-attack, running down the aisle with a food cart, and overpowering Saeed, who is outside the cockpit. After boiling water is thrown at him, Saeed is killed by Mark Bingham with a blow to the head with the hot water container. Having seen this, Ahmed al-Nami, Ziad and Ahmed al-Haznawi prepare for invasion by the passengers and debate whether to take the flight down as the jet speeds back over Pennsylvania. Ziad shakes the plane violently to throw the passengers off balance, but nonetheless they manage to smash the door with the food cart. As the passengers wrestle with two hijackers to get in the cockpit, Ziad puts the plane into a nosedive and flips the plane upside down as the passengers finally gain entrance into the cockpit. The plane misses a private propeller plane, a dragline crane, and a barn, then crashes through an old strip mine. A man working on his tractor sees Flight 93 roar over him on it\'s side, and then it shows the plane rolling upside down as the man backs out of his barn to get a better view. After this, neither the plane nor the assault on the cockpit are seen anymore in the film. ATC is seen and heard desperately trying to call Flight 93, and Lisa Jefferson, with the phone still up to her ear, sits in shock. As the sounds of the ATC trying to call Flight 93 are heard in the background, the film shows a black mushroom cloud rising up over the barn owned by the man who just a few moments before saw Flight 93 crash. Footage of the first responders arriving are shown, as they look for the plane, thinking it landed in the woods because first they thought it was in the hole, but, there\'s nothing in there. Footage of the North Tower collapsing is seen on TV as the families of the victims comfort each other. Time moves on as the ground where the plane crashed recovers . When the crash crater is no longer visible, the following text is shown: "On September 11, 2001, United Airlines Flight 93 was one of the four planes hijacked in midair. Three planes succeeded in hitting their targets. With great courage and resolve, the passengers and crew of Flight 93 prevented their plane from reaching its likely target, the White House or the Capitol Building. This film is dedicated to the passengers and crew of Flight 93, and to their families." This text is followed by the names of the passengers and crew of Flight 93.'] ["The film is about a young girl named Katherine and her older friend Hester who live on an isolated farm run by Hester and her father Francis. Katherine works as a maid and wants to leave because there's too much work. Hester, however, becomes attracted to Katherine and holds her there, promising to give her less work in the future. When Francis dies, Hester decides to sell the farm for cash. They move to small cottage on the edge of the farm and plan to go to Europe. But a tragic accident and the theft of their money change their plans."] ["A young woman and two other people are killed in a Kindle County local bar. Experienced detective sergeant Larry Starczek  begins investigation on the murders. Soon everything points to the small time thief Squirell. Larry arrests him and makes the thief confess. After a short trial Squirrel goes to the prison where he'll be executed. The story now moves 7 years later, as new evidence surfaces. Nobody is so sure anymore that it was Squirell who actually killed those three people years ago. Furthermore, it seems that the judge from his trial wasn't completely clean."] ["In 1868, within the Ruby Mountains, Gideon  roasts hare over an open fire. Suddenly, gunshots ring out with one striking his left arm. He grabs what he can and races down the mountain. His attackers emerge from their cover to inspect his campsite. Colonel Morsman Carver , a former Confederate officer, is accompanied by Pope ([[Robert Baker , Hayes , Parsons  and the Kid ([[John Robinson ; who are all engaged in a bounty operation to apprehend him. As Parsons is preparing to load the dead body to take to Carson City for the reward money, Carver shoots the horse - which he declares is his, leaving Parsons to walk the 30 miles back to town carrying the body. Encountering a railroad under construction, Gideon hitches his horse and steals some food. The foreman recognizes the stolen horse and detains Gideon. Carver and his remaining man, Hayes, come upon the railroad site and search for Gideon. Meanwhile, Gideon escapes from custody and makes off with another horse. As Carver and Hayes draw within sight of Gideon, Gideon's horse can no longer take the strain of the heat and collapses. Gideon euthanizes the horse with his knife. When Carver and Hayes finally reach the horse's carcass, Hayes dismounts and marvels at what type of an animal would disembowel the creature. Suddenly, Gideon leaps out from the horse's belly, where he had been hiding, and grabs Hayes threatening to kill him if Carver doesn't give up his gun. Carver instead decides to shoot Hayes with his last bullet. While confronting each other, Carver and Gideon recall the events that put them at odds. After the American Civil War had concluded, Gideon was ordered to track down former Confederate officers. When he arrived in Seraphim Falls at Carver's home to interrogate him, Carver was out in a nearby field. To coerce Carver's wife  into revealing his whereabouts, and believing that their house was empty, Gideon ordered their barn to be set on fire. The blaze quickly spread to their main residence, as Carver emerged from the cropland. While the soldiers detained him, his wife and son ran inside the house to save their infant child who was still in a bedroom. Trapped by the flames, all three perished. Gideon, racked with guilt over the tragedy, is seen dropping his gunbelt and walking away from his men."] ['A young man, David , is in an interrogation room talking to an unnamed, unsympathetic police officer . David is in handcuffs, and he has blood on his face and shirt. He is smoking a cigarette. He tells the officer that after he finished his work as an orderly at the hospital, he was knocked unconscious and taken to a large room. Inside the room, David was strapped to a chair with a large, rusty metal device locked onto his head. To his left was a small television, which began playing a video showing a frightening puppet that tells him that the device on his head is a "reverse beartrap", which is hooked into his jaws and will pry his face open with great force if he does not unlock it in time. The puppet tells David that the only key to unlock the device is in the stomach of his dead cellmate . David is able to break free of his bonds, but by doing so he sets off a timer on the back of the device. Across the room, he finds the body that the puppet mentioned, but also finds that the man is actually alive but under paralysis. David panics and stabs his cellmate before starting to look for the key. He slices into the man\'s stomach and after finding the key, David unlocks the device and throws it to the ground, just as it snaps open. David escapes death from the device. David begins screaming and weeping in horror. At the entrance to the room, the puppet from the video appears on a tricycle. He congratulates David on surviving, and tells him that he has proven he is no longer ungrateful for being alive. The movie ends with the police officer asking "Are you grateful, David?" causing the young man to again break down. As the end credits begin to roll, a CGI replica of the bathroom used later in the full Saw film is shown, although with some differences. A small peephole is shown with an eye visible behind it, which was a concept reused in another trap in Saw.'] ['Jane Coslaw , the narrator of the film, is the oldest sister in a dysfunctional family of four. Her narration centers on her strained relationship with her younger, paraplegic brother Marty  and their parents Nan and Bob. Their rocky relationship changes after a series of murders in their small rural town of Tarker\'s Mills, Maine. First, a railroad worker, Arnie Westrum , is killed by a werewolf. The county coroner believes that Arnie passed out on the railroad tracks and was run over by a train. Soon after, a local woman, Stella Randolph , prepares to commit suicide because she is unmarried and pregnant. Before she can act, she is murdered. This murder goes unsolved and the townsfolk become worried. The next victim, Milt Sturmfuller , whose daughter is Marty\'s girlfriend, hears a racket in his shed. Believing teenagers are making mischief, Sturmfuller plans to scare them off with a shotgun. Instead, he encounters the werewolf and is killed. His family leaves town. Next to die is teenager Brady Kincaid , Marty\'s best friend, who stayed out too late one night while flying a kite. After Brady\'s death, citizens led by local gun shop owner Andy Fairton  form a vigilante justice group. Although local Sheriff Joe Haller  and his lone deputy  attempt to stop the citizens, the officers relent after being berated by Brady\'s father . In the middle of the melee, Baptist Reverend Lester Lowe  attempts to prevent the townsfolk from causing further bloodshed. After the vigilantes go out hunting for the killer, several are attacked and killed, including Owen Knopfler . The survivors later deny seeing anything unusual. After the vigilantes are attacked, Reverend Lowe dreams that he is presiding over a mass funeral when his congregation -- including the dead bodies in the caskets -- begins to transform into werewolves before his eyes. He awakes and asks God to "let it end." As a result of the mounting unsolved murders, curfews are put in place and the annual fair and fireworks show is canceled. The Coslaws decide to have their own backyard party and invite Nan\'s alcoholic black sheep brother, Uncle Red . Red builds a wheelchair/motorcycle for his nephew, which he nicknames the "Silver Bullet". He also gives Marty a pile of fireworks so that he can have his own celebration. Marty uses the Silver Bullet to go out in the middle of the night to a small bridge where he lights the fireworks. Marty is confronted by the werewolf and barely escapes with his life by launching a rocket into the left eye of the creature. Marty enlists Jane\'s help to look for someone with a newly injured or missing left eye. The search is conducted under the cover of the church\'s bottle drive, so as not to arouse suspicion. When Jane turns her bottles in, she discovers that Reverend Lowe is missing his left eye. Realizing that no adult would believe his fantastic story, Marty begins sending anonymous notes to Reverend Lowe telling him that he knows who he is, what he is, and that he should commit suicide in order to stop the killings. A cat-and-mouse chase ensues between the Reverend and the siblings. At one point Lowe tries to run Marty, who is driving the Silver Bullet, off the road with his car. When Marty is trapped under a closed covered bridge, Lowe, who has more or less gone insane, uses Judeo-Christian logic to rationalize the murders he has committed: he cites Randolph\'s murder during her suicide attempt as his effort to save her soul ; Westrum was a severe alcoholic; he implies that Sturmfuller was abusing his wife and possibly his daughter ; and the vigilantes intended to murder someone in cold blood . Lowe then apologizes and tells Marty that he is going to drown him in the river when Marty is unwittingly saved by local farmer Elmer Zinneman. The siblings tell Red about their letter-writing campaign to Reverend Lowe. After calming down the furious Red, they manage to convince him that Lowe is connected to the murders and attempted to kill Marty: The Silver Bullet has dents and a scrape of blue paint that matches Lowe\'s car. Unable to deny the evidence in front of him, Red heads straight to Sheriff Haller. Although Red admits that he has his doubts, and Haller does not believe Lowe to be a killer, Red nonetheless persuades the sheriff to investigate. That night, Haller, still skeptical but desperate to find the killer, is shocked to discover evidence that at least some of Marty\'s story may be true. Haller finds Lowe, who has locked himself in his garage, but before Haller can arrest him, Lowe transforms and kills Haller. Marty and Jane realize that with Haller out of the way, the werewolf now has an easy path to come after them. They convince Red to take Jane\'s silver cross and Marty\'s silver medallion and melt it down into a silver bullet. Under the guise of Marty having just "discovered the Lone Ranger", Red has a local gunsmith make the bullet, after which, while admiring his handiwork, the gunsmith tells Red that the bullet should have no problem killing a werewolf. On Halloween, Red shows up at the Coslaws with some fortuitous news: He has won a romantic getaway to New York, but since he got separated from his wife, he gives the tickets to Nan and Bob. Questioned by Marty and Jane, Red reveals that he bought the tickets as a ruse to get their parents to safety. With the now full moon in the sky, they head inside to wait for the werewolf. Despite their best efforts, the trio fall asleep and are startled when Red  burns himself and drops the gun, nearly setting it off. Jane screams in horror  as she sees the werewolf looking at her from the living room window, although when Red looks he finds nothing. Red begins to doubt that the werewolf is real, much less going to show up, and orders Marty and Jane to bed. The werewolf meanwhile cuts the power to the house, leaving the trio in darkness. The werewolf then smashes into the house, attacking Red, Marty and Jane. Despite Red\'s best efforts he is overpowered by the werewolf and tossed around like a rag doll. Marty manages to find the bullet  and shoots the werewolf in the right eye with the silver bullet, killing him. The corpse turns back into Reverend Lowe, and Marty and Jane realize that the ordeal has strengthened their love for each other.'] ['In the prologue, the film depicts a panicky man who, for unknown reasons, murders his wife with a shotgun. The main storyline opens with Jack and Stephanie, a bickering young couple, who are lost while driving through the backwoods. We soon learn that they are on their way to meet a marriage counselor. After getting bad directions from a state trooper, the couple get into a car accident when they run over some spiked metal in the road, which Jack dismisses as discarded scrap metal; they find another car which has experienced the same fate, but the occupants are missing. Forced to proceed on foot, Jack and Stephanie find the gothic Wayside Inn, where they try to phone for help. At the inn, they meet the occupants of the other car, the engaged couple Leslie and Randy. Because the phones are inoperative, both couples are forced to spend the night at the inn, which is staffed only by the eccentric proprieter Betty, her creepy son Pete , and the gruff caretaker Stewart. After a tense dinner, in which personalities clash, the group is terrorized by a legendary local figure, the Tin Man. Armed with a shotgun, the Tin Man attempts to get into the Wayside Inn. The staff locks the Tin Man out, and he responds by giving them a message scrawled on the side of a tin can. The message declares that he will kill everyone in the house unless they give him one dead body by sunrise. The staff, blaming their guests for attracting the Tin Man\'s attention, attempts to lock them in the freezing meat locker, threatening to leave them there for weeks. A fight ensues, and the guests realize that there is a supernatural presence in the house when Betty is injured in the struggle and bleeds black fog. The couples escape the meat locker, but are unable to leave the house, which assaults them with terrifying visions involving their worst memories. For Jack and Stephanie, the visions involve their daughter, who died after falling through the ice in a skating accident. For Randy, the visions involve his abusive father. For Leslie, the visions involve an uncle named Pete, who sexually abused her when she was a little girl; these visions are intensified by the similar lusts of Pete who lives at the Wayside Inn. Confused by the visions, the four guests find themselves separated. Jack meets Susan, a young girl who has been held captive by the staff. Susan reminds Jack of his deceased daughter, especially after she claims to have been in contact with her spirit; Susan assures Jack, and later Stephanie, that their daughter is in a good place. Emotionally tormented by the visions, stalked by the homicidal Wayside staff, and under constant threat from the Tin Man, all four guests succumb to the various pressures and start to turn on each other. Shortly after, they discover that the staff worships the Devil, Jack is split into two identical people; both seem to think of themselves as the "real" Jack, yet both bleed black mist when injured, making it impossible for anyone to figure out which is the real Jack and which is the doppelganger. These couples almost escape when they are aided by Officer Lawdale , but they are recaptured when Lawdale turns out to be working with the Wayside staff. Lawdale and the Wayside staff try to force the couples to appease the Tin Man by choosing one of themselves to kill. Past tensions initially lead the viewer to believe that Randy will resolve the situation by killing Jack, but he instead turns the gun on Susan. Jack deflects the gun but Susan is hit. Desperate to appease the Tin Man, Leslie and Randy kill each other. Lawdale reveals that he is the Tin Man, and that he and the Wayside staffers are all manifestations of pure evil. Jack and Stephanie defeat their captors by channeling the energy of pure good that is flowing from Susan\'s dead body. Finally able to escape the inn, Jack and Stephanie trek back to their car, where they discover their unconscious bodies, as well as the dead bodies of Leslie and Randy; they realize that their entire experience at the inn was nothing more than a shared out of body experience. As Jack and Stephanie wake up and are taken away in an ambulance, they are watched over by a resurrected Susan, who observes that their love for each other has been reawakened by the events at the Wayside Inn. As the couple ride off in an ambulance, Jack looks out the window to see Lawdale laughing at him from the front gate of the Wayside, with the caretakers watching out of an upstairs window.'] ['Allison "Allie" Jones  is a software designer in New York City, engaged to Sam Rawson ([[Steven Weber . In the middle of the night, Sam\'s ex-wife calls, and it is revealed that he slept with her recently; Allie breaks off the engagement and asks him to leave. The next morning she attends a business lunch with Mitchell Myerson , a fashion house owner who is looking to buy Allie\'s revolutionary new program. He manipulates her into significantly lowering the cost, on the basis that his recommendations within the industry will be her future business. As he is her first and only client, she accepts. Allie advertises for a new roommate. She eventually settles on Hedra Carlson , whom she decided to nickname "Hedy", and they become friends. Hedy tells of how she was supposed to be a twin but her twin was stillborn, leaving her with a constant feeling of loneliness. After a few weeks, however, Hedy reveals her true nature: secretive, manipulative and deeply disturbed. She erases Sam\'s phone messages when he calls to plead with Allie for a reconciliation, and takes a letter he sends for her. She secretly buys a puppy and pretends it was a stray in order to bond with Allie. Her behavior worsens when Sam returns in person and is able to win Allie back. Fearing she will be kicked out of the apartment in favor of Sam, Hedy does everything possible to make Sam look bad, even killing the puppy and making it look like it was his fault. Hedy then copies Allie\'s appearance, right down to her hairstyle. Myerson attempts to rape Allie on completion of their deal, insinuating that if she does not submit to him, he will warn off future clients and not pay her. She fights back and escapes. Allie finds a box in Hedy\'s room containing Sam\'s letter, Hedy\'s real name , and newspaper clippings revealing her twin sister actually drowned when they were nine. She follows an unaware Hedy that night to an underground sex club, and witnesses her passing herself off as Allie. Utterly disturbed, she seeks out her friend Graham, who insists she get Hedy to move out. Hedy overhears their conversation and later attacks Graham. Hedy, posing as Allie, sneaks into Sam\'s hotel room and performs oral sex on him. Afterwards Hedy attempts to blackmail Sam but he insists on telling Allie the truth. Hedy kills him by gouging his eye with her stiletto heel. As she leaves his apartment complex, the doorman mistakes her for Allie. The next day Hedy tells Allie she is about to leave. Later Allie sees a news report on Sam\'s death, realizes what has happened and tries to leave. Hedy takes Allie hostage at gunpoint. She states she intends to frame Allie for Sam\'s murder since any witnesses will assume they are the same person, forcing Allie to run away with her in order to evade arrest. As Myerson did not make the full payment to Allie, her anti-theft software activates and erases his files. He comes to the apartment building looking for Allie and, finding her tied up, attempts to free her. Before he can set her free, however, Hedy sneaks up on him and kills him. A violent fight ensues, during which Graham regains consciousness and is able to briefly assist Allie. The struggle ends with Allie stabbing Hedy to death. In an epilogue, Allie narrates that she has finally moved on. She forgives Hedy for killing Sam, and herself for killing Hedy, as she believes Hedy\'s downfall was an example of how survivor\'s guilt can destroy someone. The film ends with a closeup of a photograph presumably made by Hedy of their faces superimposed into one; it lies partly hidden from view amongst Allie\'s possessions.'] ['Over the course of a week, the lives of three teenage friends will suddenly change. James Tresswick  and Mark Vincent  are teenagers in their final year of school and the victims of Gary Parker  who raped both them when they were younger. They still live in fear of him after he is released from prison for this crime. A brain damaged teenage girl named Tanya who has gone missing is run down by a car and killed while walking in a pine forest. Later, wandering alone in a the forest, Mark secretly witnesses a man  burying a body. The two friends decide to go dig up the grave to see what was buried, bringing along James\' girlfriend Chasely . To their horror, they partly uncover the body of a young girl and beside her is a small Canadian flag, implying she is a Canadian backpacker. After an aborted attempt at reporting the body to the police, they search for the presumed killer from Mark\'s knowledge of the vehicle as he saw it driving away from the forest. They place the Canadian flag on his four-wheel drive and then the two boys secretly enter his house. They find out his name is Ian Wright and see a picture of him with a woman and baby, presumably his wife and child. They later phone him and try to blackmail him into killing Gary Parker. Ian finds Gary and sees him going into a club, as he\'s leaving he is bashed by two men who tell Ian it was "for what he did". Ian helps him back into his car and holds a gun to his head and asks him to explain about "the kids" who want him dead. He forces Gary to find the teenagers and hunt them with his dog and crossbow. Ian follows them and shoots Gary\'s barking dog. The teenagers manage to fight back and Mark eventually beats Gary to death with a rock. Just as Ian is about to shoot Mark, Chasely comes up behind him and hits him hard in the back with a pole, allowing the three to escape. They go back home to treat Mark\'s wound. James goes out on his own and is captured by Ian. Later, Mark wakes up to see that Chasely has gone to find James. Mark receives a call from the Ian to he meet up with him and sees he has a female backpacker from Norway in his car. The killer taunts the girl and calls Mark his acolyte but Mark refuses to participate. The frantic girl is let go from the car on the deserted forest road. Ian tells Mark that he didn\'t kill the missing teenager, that it was Gary who accidentally killed her and found Tanya buried in "his territory". He takes Mark back to his house where its revealed James is dead, wrapped up in plastic in the bath. Mark then finds Chasely chained to a wall in the basement. Ian holds a gun to her head and makes Mark confess that it was in fact he who brutalized Tanya but that he didn\'t intend to kill her. As she was running away from him, Gary had accidentally hit her with his car. Gary and Mark had apparently decided to keep it secret and bury her body. Ian\'s wife , who is also deaf, is revealed to be an willing accomplice with Ian who then stabs Mark in the stomach. She takes out her hearing aids and disappears back upstairs. The killer bends down to taunt Mark but Mark stabs him with a blade he had taken from the garage, allowing Chasely to run out after uncuffing herself with Ian\'s keys. However once she gets to the front door she finds it is deadlocked and must return to the basement. She goes back down and is nearly strangled by Ian but she pulls the knife out of his side and stabs him until he dies. Mark dies from his wounds. She then grabs the keys and makes her way out. The scene cuts to Ian\'s wife bottle-feeding their baby and ends with Chasely staggering up the night road into the path of a slowing car.'] ['Two friends are driving to Las Vegas to spend the weekend, and one of the men, Lou  who is driving, asks his friend Ryan  if one could get away with killing someone in the middle of nowhere. As they explore Zzyzx road, Lou teases Ryan by almost hitting a pedestrian. As Ryan complains about Lou\'s behavior, Lou doubles back and sets a crash course for the man that they saw on the road. Ryan grabs the wheel in the hopes to stop Lou from hitting the man, but in the end they lose control of the car and hit the man anyway. The man dies, only after whispering the words "Go home" into Lou\'s ear. Lou takes his identification and puts on his watch. Lou and Ryan contemplate what to do next, now that the man has died. As a woman walks up the road towards their car, they grab the body and throw it into the backseat of their car. They talk to the woman, named Candice , to find that she\'s the wife of the man they killed. She invites them into her husband\'s Winnebago, and they drink a few beers. After they converse for a while, we learn a lot about the characters of Lou and Ryan themselves. Lou used to be in the Army, after going to Iraq and coming back, Ryan said he was never the same. Lou consistently derides Ryan, and calls him Mitch because it rhymes with bitch. Ryan is found to be a very introverted person. Lou and Ryan keep an eye on Candice to make sure that she does not find out they killed her husband. They eventually get drunk and they all take narcotics. Eventually Candice and Lou end up making out, while Ryan tries to pull Candice off of Lou. Lou storms out of the trailer after this, as he knows that Candice knows what happened. He throws the keys to the Winnebago into the desert. Candice finds the key to the car that Ryan and Lou drove into the desert, and she tries to steal the car. Much to her dismay, the car is broken. Lou tries to intimidate her out of the car, but he ends up getting stabbed in his cheek by Candice. Ryan, thinking that Lou is to blame for the murder, helps Candice start the car. After Ryan fixes the car, Candice drives off while Ryan is still on the hood of the car, instead of driving off with him. Ryan, in retaliation, breaks the car down by removing wires in the car. In the end, Ryan beats Lou dead with a golf club. He then proceeds to free Candice, and Candice offers to have sex with him in exchange. Afterward Candice gouges out Ryan\'s eyes, and sets him on fire. She finds her husband\'s body and cuts his leg off, revealing that he had $100,000 hidden in a prosthetic leg. Candice walks off into the distance with the leg, after betraying all those around her.'] ['The movie starts out with Nell, a shy and quiet girl, being told that she will baby-sit a young rich girl at a hotel while the girl\'s parents attend a party. Nell feels isolated and has unrealistic expectations of love and relationships, based on what she reads in romance novels. She is taken with the little girl, Melissa . She has her call her "mommy" and gives Melissa a marble that she says is magic. Next, she lets her go with her to a toy store. While on the street, they play "pick a card" with a vendor. He thinks Melissa is cheating and yells at her. Nell yells at the man, saying her "daughter" isn\'t a cheater. While at the hotel a dog had tried to bite at Melissa, so Nell buys a toy plane. It flies into a back room where the dog chases after it, and the dog is heard whimpering. While Nell is trying on Melissa\'s mother\'s clothes and jewels in the hotel room, Nell sees a handsome man named Jeff  across the street. He calls her up for a date. She imagines them married with Melissa as their daughter and two other children. He is interested in Nell but he is taken aback when she starts asking if he loves her. The film ends with Nell on the ledge of the roof with Melissa and Jeff. He tells her not to hurt Melissa and she lets Melissa go, who drops the marble. Nell runs to the ledge to get it and in her dream world, she\'s talking to Jeff, Melissa and two other children. She hears him call "Nell? Nell?" The camera pans to the street in front of the hotel where Nell has fallen to her death; she has a smile on her face.'] ["A newspaper photographer, Jean Janes, travels to the Isles of Shoals off the New Hampshire coast with her husband Thomas, an award-winning poet; his brother Rich, and Rich's girlfriend Adaline. She is researching the murder of two immigrant women in 1873. In a twist of fate, Jean discovers archived papers that appear to give an account of the murders. According to the papers, a third woman, a Norwegian immigrant named Maren Hontvedt, survived the attack by Louis Wagner. The plot unfolds the narrative of the papers and Hontvedt's testimony against Wagner. Jean privately struggles with jealousy and increasing suspicion as she suspects her husband of infidelity with Adaline."] ['Young businesswoman Angela Bridges works in a downtown Manhattan office block and gets stuck working late on Christmas Eve, before leaving to attend a family party. On her way to her car in the second underground parking lot level  beneath the office block, she discovers that her car won\'t start. After receiving some assistance from the security guard named Thomas and turning down his offer to spend Christmas with him, she calls for a taxi and waits in the lobby. When the taxi arrives, she discovers she\'s locked in the lobby, and runs back into the parking garage. The lights soon shut down and Angela, guided by the light on her cell phone, wanders around the deserted parking lot. Thomas drugs Angela with chloroform and takes her to his office. Later, Angela awakens in a haze inside Thomas\'s office, having been changed into a white dress and high-heels by Thomas and chained to the table. Thomas tells Angela that he loves her despite her "many sins", having obsessively watched and recording Angela for some time through the CCTV in the office block. Despite Angela\'s pleas and threats, Thomas continues to hold her against her will, even forcing her to call her family and lie about an illness so that no one will come looking for her. Angela tries to escape, but cannot due to Thomas\' Rottweiler. Taking Angela to another level of the parking lot, Thomas reveals her co-worker Jim Harper  tied to an office chair. Thomas believes Jim is evil after he witnessed Jim drunkenly hitting on Angela at an office party. After beating him with a flashlight, Thomas rams him into the wall with his car multiple times, killing him. Amidst the murder, Angela is able to escape. While Thomas hides the evidence, Angela rushes back to the office and steals some key cards. Angela runs to the elevators with Thomas right behind, and enters. While in the elevator, Angela calls for help from the panel of the elevator. She hears a voice that appears to be an operator but later turns out to be Thomas. Thomas then flushes her out by flooding the elevator with a fire hose from a higher floor. Admist the flooding a body drops down and hits Angela. While hiding in the parking lot, Angela is then tormented by Thomas who plays Elvis Presley\'s "Blue Christmas" over the intercom. She breaks open an emergency fire axe and begins to destroy the cameras one by one while making her way to his office, prepared to fight. Once entering, she finds a video playing of Thomas molesting her body while she was drugged. After a short fight, Thomas manages to knock Angela out. Angela manages to escape while Thomas is talking to two policemen and kills his dog. She tries to escape by car, but is side-swiped by Thomas in another vehicle, leading up to a game of chicken, which Angela wins. However, in the heat of the chase, Angela flips the vehicle. Thomas opens the door and Angela, feigning death, manages to stab Thomas in the eye and handcuff him to the car. Taking his Taser, she begins to leave, until Thomas desperately starts pleading, then insults her. She uses the Taser to ignite a stream of gasoline leaking from the car. Thomas is engulfed in the flames and dies as the car explodes. Angela opens the garage gate and walks out into a cold and desolate Manhattan morning just as an ambulance can be heard stopping to help her. The movie than flashes forward to 7 months and Angela is revealed to be pregnant. While her mother begs her to have an abortion, Angela says what could be worse?.'] ['Alex faces murder charges in connection with the death of schoolmate Nigel. As the investigation proceeds, both students claim to be descended from the Knights Templar sect and that they planned to kill a female schoolmate in order to gain supernatural abilities.<ref namehttp://www.variety.com/review/VE1117932076.html?categoryid1 | titleRichard | lastVariety | date25 April 2010 }}'] ['Murder Seen centers around Zoey Drayden , a botany grad student, who happens to experience disturbing visions. After receiving a phone call for help late at night and discovering some proof that her visions and the phone call have an actual basis, she goes to the police. They link her story to the case of an abducted student and first detain her as the only suspect. Detectives Keegan  and Stepnoski  eventually give some credit to her assertions. But when they find a new suspect and are obliged to release him for lack of proof, Zoey decides to track him herself.'] ['Set in New Mexico around the turn of the 19th to 20th century and told in flashback, the film tells the story of Jeb  whose entire family was slaughtered when he was a young boy. The vision haunts him into adulthood, but the rest of his childhood is forgotten. When the killers discover that Jeb is the only family member to survive, they vow to kill him too. He spends his life avoiding his unseen assailants, trying to remember his past and find the men responsible for the killings.'] ['Spider is the story of Dennis Cleg, a man who is given a room in a halfway house catering to mentally disturbed persons. Cleg has just been released from a mental institution and in his new abode starts piecing together or recreating in his memory an apparently fateful childhood event. He roams the nearby derelict urban area and the local canal and starts to relive or visualize a period of his childhood in 1950s London with his mother and his father. A shift takes place in the child\'s psyche when he witnesses his mother groping with his father in the garden and, subsequently, when he sees his mother in a silky night gown she wore for his father. The son, as a grown man seems to recreate in his memory the build up to his father\'s murder of his mother with the passive support of his mistress who then moves into the house and is presented as his mother. The young son then kills the mistress by gassing her in the kitchen. After that memory he attempts late one night to kill the landlady whom he sees alternatively as the mistress and his mother, but backs away after she says, "What have you done Mr. Cleg?" He is taken back to the asylum.'] ["The film centers on the life of Jimmy O'Brien , a supermarket clerk by day and a standup comedian by night. He lives with his wife , daughter, and a disabled grandmother. Jimmy's aspiration to succeed contrasts sharply with the numbness of his pothead friend Ray , who is just trying to get by."] ['The play and subsequent film is based on Anthony Blunt\'s role in the Cambridge Spy Ring and, as Surveyor of the Queen\'s Pictures, personal art advisor to Queen Elizabeth II. It portrays his interrogation by MI5 officers, his work researching and conserving art works, his work at the Courtauld Institute, and his acquaintance with the Queen. Bennett described the piece as an "inquiry in which the circumstances are imaginary but the pictures are real."'] ["Byron Levin works in a California bank. He becomes infatuated with Catherine Stockheinz, the wife of his billionaire boss. Frederic Stockheinz has a million-dollar offer to make. He asks Byron to go to the republic of Costa Salva to offer a business proposition to the dictator there, Lorenzo Prado, who just happens to be Byron's old college roommate. Matters become further complicated when Frederic's wife and Byron begin an affair."] ['{{See also}} After Washington, D.C. detective, forensic psychologist, and author Alex Cross  loses control of a sting operation, resulting in the death of his partner, he opts to retire from the force. He finds himself drawn back to police work when Megan Rose , the daughter of a United States senator, is kidnapped from her exclusive private school by computer science teacher Gary Soneji . U.S. Secret Service Special Agent Jezzie Flannigan , held responsible for the breach in security, joins forces with Cross to find the missing girl. Soneji contacts Cross by phone and alerts him to the fact one of Megan\'s sneakers is in the detective\'s mailbox, proving he\'s the kidnapper. Cross deduces the man is obsessed with the 1932 Charles A. Lindbergh Jr. kidnapping and hopes to become as infamous as Bruno Hauptmann by committing a new "Crime of the Century" that might be discussed by Cross in one of his true crime books. Megan\'s kidnapping proves to be only part of Soneji\'s real plan: to kidnap the son of the Russian president, Dimitri Starodubov , guaranteeing himself greater infamy. After Cross and Flannigan foil his second kidnapping plot, a supposed call from the kidnapper demands that Cross deliver a ransom of $10 million in diamonds by following an intricate maze of calls made to public phone booths scattered throughout the city. Cross ultimately tosses the gems out the window of a rapidly moving Metro train to a figure standing by the tracks. When Soneji later arrives at Flannigan\'s home and confronts Cross after disabling Jezzie with a taser, the detective realizes the kidnapper is unaware of the ransom demand and delivery. Soneji tries to leave with Flannigan but Cross kills him. Cross becomes suspicious and realizes that someone discovered Soneji long before his plot came to fruition. After searching Flannigan\'s home computer, he finds enough evidence to prove that Jezzie and her fellow Secret Service agent, Ben Devine ([[Billy Burke , used Soneji as a pawn in their own plot. He tracks them down to a secluded farmhouse where Flannigan has murdered Devine and is now intent on eliminating Megan Rose. Cross saves Megan and shoots Flannigan in the heart, killing her.'] ['Set in London, the film opens with American best-seller author Catherine Tramell  in a speeding car with her companion, Kevin Franks, a famous English football star. Tramell takes the man\'s hand and begins masturbating with it, all the while increasing her vehicle\'s speed. At the point of orgasm, Tramell veers off the road and crashes into the West India Docks in Canary Wharf. She attempts to save her partner but, as she says while being questioned by the police, "When it came down to it, I guess my life was more important to me than his." Tramell is interrogated by Detective Supt. Roy Washburn  of Scotland Yard. He notes that D-Tubocurarine, a neuromuscular blocking agent used to relax muscles during general anesthesia, was found in her car and in her companion\'s body, and the companion wasn\'t breathing at the time of the crash, and that a man named "Dicky Pep" said that he sold Tramell "15 milliliters of DTC last Thursday." Tramell counters by saying that this Dicky Pep must be lying because "you’ve got him on some other charge and he\'s trying to deal his way out, if he even exists." Tramell begins therapy sessions with Dr. Michael Glass , who has conducted a court-ordered psychiatric exam and given testimony in her case. Dr. Glass strongly suspects that Catherine is a sociopath incapable of telling the difference between right and wrong. Tramell begins to play mind games with Dr. Glass, who becomes increasingly frustrated with, yet intrigued by, this mysterious woman. Soon, Dr. Glass\'s own life begins a spiral of destruction. One night, Dr. Glass goes on a date with Michelle Broadwin , and has rough, violent sex with her after dealings with Tramell. Dr. Glass receives a phone call from his ex-wife, Denise , in a state of distress. Her partner, Adam Towers, a journalist writing a negative story about Dr. Glass, has been found strangled to death. Dr. Glass suspects that Tramell committed the murder and is attempting to frame him for it. More murders begin to surface around Dr. Glass as his obsession with Tramell grows and his career and life are threatened – he finds his ex-wife in a bathroom with her throat slit after they have an altercation in a bar. Later the aforementioned Dicky Pep is killed – eventually, he himself can no longer tell right from wrong, and the police begin to suspect Dr. Glass of involvement in the crimes. The situations comes to a head during a confrontation between Dr. Glass and Tramell at her apartment where, after a struggle, Dr. Glass attempts to kill Tramell. Tramell gives Dr. Glass a copy of the draft of her next novel, titled The Analyst. After reading it, he realizes that Catherine has novelized most of the recent events with herself and other people related to Dr. Glass, even himself, as characters. Then it turns out that the character based on herself is going to kill a therapist based on Dr. Glass\'s colleague, Dr. Gardosh . Glass runs to Gardosh\'s apartment to warn her, finding Tramell there to his dismay. Gardosh tells him that he is not in charge with Tramell\'s therapy anymore and that he\'s going to have his license revoked, due to bad practice regarding Tramell\'s treatment. There is a struggle between Glass and Gardosh, in which the latter is knocked out. Catherine then threatens Glass with a gun she carries, but Glass takes it away from her. When Washburn arrives at the scene, Glass shoots him because Tramell told him he had killed the girlfriend of one of Glass\'s patients just to "nail him". In the final scene, Tramell pays a visit to Glass at a local mental hospital where he has been institutionalized, and he learns from her that the subject of her latest best-selling novel was a man very much like him. Tramell claims that she manipulated Glass into committing all those murders for her own amusement, and flashbacks are shown of Dr. Glass committing the murders. Tramell leaves with a wicked smirk on her face, while Glass continues to sit silently in his wheelchair, stymied by frustration and rage.'] ['Carol Ledoux , a Belgian manicurist who bites her nails, lives in Kensington, London, with her older sister Helen . Carol practically sleepwalks through her days, and interacts awkwardly with men. A would-be suitor, Colin ([[John Fraser , is flummoxed by her behaviour and she rebuffs his advances, disgusted by them. She hides her head in her pillow against her sister\'s cries of sexual pleasure with her married boyfriend, Michael . When Helen leaves on a holiday to Italy with Michael, Carol appears even more distracted at work, gets sent home, stays in the apartment, leaves a raw, skinned rabbit out to rot, and begins to hallucinate, first seeing the walls cracking, a man breaking in and molesting her, then hands reaching out to grab and attack her. When Colin breaks into her apartment when she refuses to acknowledge his adoration and he apologizes for his transgression. When he says he wants to "be with" her "all the time," she bludgeons him to death with a candlestick, dumps the body into the overflowing bathtub, and nails the broken door shut. Later, the imperious landlord  breaks in, looking for the late rent payment. Carol pays him and sits on the sofa, staring into space. He remarks on the decaying state of the apartment, and attempts to ingratiate himself by bringing her a glass of water as he leers at her in her nightgown. When he first propositions her, then sexually assaults her, she gets away. But he comes at her again and she slashes him to death with a straight razor. When Helen and Michael return, they discover the dead bodies. Michael runs for help. Helen, distraught, finds Carol hiding under the bed in a catatonic state. Neighbors arrive -- curious, concerned and shocked. Michael returns and carries Carol out, staring creepily at her wide-open eye, face and body. A family photograph on the mantel shows Carol as a girl, turned towards a male figure in the photograph with a look that could kill. The movie vaguely suggests that her father may have sexually abused her as a child and that this is the basis of her neuroses and breakdown but it could also be argued that this mental anguish stems from the love she never got from this man who preferred her sister.'] ['{{plot}} The story details the return of Richard  to his home town of Matlock, Derbyshire in the Peak District, England, after serving in the Army. Richard and his younger, mentally impaired brother Anthony camp at an abandoned farm near the town. Flashbacks reveal Anthony\'s abuse by a group of men and women in the town; Richard vows to take revenge. Richard has a confrontation with Herbie, one of the abusers, who does not recognise him at first. Later, Herbie and friends Soz and Tuff are in a flat taking drugs. He tells them about the confrontation, and states he thinks the man might be Anthony\'s brother, who has been away serving in the Army. When Herbie leaves he sees a man in an military gas mask banging on the front door of the block. Soz and Tuff run outside but the man is nowhere to be seen. When they go back into their flat they discover Richard has ransacked it, stolen the drugs and spray painted the words "Cheyne Stoking", the scientific name for the pattern of breathing a human being goes into when they are dying. The next day the thugs visit Sonny to explain where the drugs went. When they meet, Sonny has had his face painted but doesn\'t realize. The other gang members arrive during this time and they have had their hair and clothes painted as well. They all suspect one another of playing games until Herbie states that the man he saw in the pool hall is Richard, Anthony\'s brother. All of the gang become silent as they realize that Richard is back in town. The men encounter Richard whilst driving in their Citroën 2CV. He makes it clear that he is not scared of any of them and invites them to come and find him at the old farm where he is staying. The gang leaves with Sonny visibly concerned at Richard\'s apparent lack of fear. That evening, Richard sneaks into a house where the gang are hiding out and playing cards. He brutally kills one of the members with an axe, using the dead man\'s blood to smear the words "One Down" on the wall. Sonny decides that they should shoot Richard. The next morning, they take their car and go to the farm where Richard is staying with Anthony. Sending in Big Al  to draw Richard out, Sonny prepares to shoot him with a rifle and their only round. However, he misses and kills Al. With no rounds remaining in the rifle they retreat and return back to town, whilst Richard smiles. The surviving members return to a local petrol station where Tuff runs off, scared of Richard\'s revenge. Later at Sonny\'s house, they arm themselves and search the place, expecting Richard to be there. They do not find him, although he is hiding in the kitchen pantry. While they are upstairs Richard laces their kettle with a cocktail of the drugs he took from the gang earlier in the film. The three men become completely intoxicated a few hours later and Richard reappears to kill them one by one. He toys with them, dancing and joking. He shoots Sonny in the head, and kills Soz with an upward palm strike. Finally he sits with Herbie and offers to let him live if he discloses the whereabouts of the final original gang member, who long since left the gang and moved away from town. He shows Herbie a suitcase containing the body of Tuff, who had run away. Herbie tells him where the other man is and Richard then stabs him. The next day, Richard arrives in a nearby town where the final gang member, Mark, lives with his wife and two boys. He talks with the children\'s mother and asks her to let her husband know that he is Richard, Anthony\'s brother. When Mark returns home, she explains the conversation to her husband. Terrified, he tells her how the gang abused Anthony. The abuse culminated with them pretending to hang him at a local ruined castle whilst he was high on acid. This final episode of abuse culminates with Anthony actually hanging himself after his \'friends\' run off. It then becomes clear that Richard has been alone the whole time, and talking to a vision of his dead brother. The next morning, Richard sneaks into Mark\'s house and takes him hostage using a knife. He makes him drive to the same ruined building where Anthony hanged himself and demands he tell him his part in what happened. Mark explains how his fault was in not stopping the abuse. Richard confesses to his crimes against the other men. He tells Mark how he now feels like the monster and that he simply wants to lie down with his brother. Richard gives the knife to Mark and demands that he kill him lest he continue his monstrous ways. Mark refuses but Richard clasps his hands and pulls them towards him. Mark eventually stabs and kills Richard, then stumbles away.'] ["The film is a fictional drama set within the scope of a delusional fantasy; that attempts to explore a psychotic scenario surrounding Adolf Hitler , as he interacts with Eva Braun , Hermann Göring , Joseph Goebbels , as well as psychoanalyst Sigmund Freud  during a dictation of his memoirs to a military typist , while held up in his notorious withdrawn bunker. Hitler proclaims and authoritatively lays down his legacy and ideals while Nazi propaganda footage is proudly displayed in the background as a supporting element and testament to his madness. The film makes an effort to investigate Hitler's temperamental characteristics and to decipher the reasoning behind his derangement, as he reminisces about the past by expressing opinionated observations with the approval of his fellow ruthless subordinates."] ["In 1984, in Kiev, schoolteacher Andrej Romanovich Evilenko  is dismissed from his position after attempting to molest a student. Driven by his psychopathic urges and embittered by the collapse of the Soviet Union, Evilenko begins to rape, kill and cannibalize women and children. It is hinted throughout the movie that Evilenko somehow gained the power to psychically influence his victims, which accounts for their lack of resistance and his continuous evasion of the authorities. Vadim Timurouvic Lesiev , a magistrate and family man, is assigned to catch the serial killer. For years, Evilenko eludes Lesiev and psychiatrist Aron Richter , who is assigned to profile the killer. Richter eventually finds Evilenko with a little girl and manages to break Evilenko's hypnotic hold on her, but is killed by Evilenko in retaliation; the girl, while it appears to Evilenko that she is run over by a train, escapes alive. Almost eight years later, Lesiev finally captures Evilenko, who by now has killed 55 people, mostly children and young women. On 22 May 1992, Evilenko goes to court and, on 14 February 1994, he is finally executed. Before his execution, several governments have expressed interest in Evilenko's psychic abilities and asked for extradition of Evilenko – alive – but were denied."] ['Webb Garwood, a disgruntled cop, is called to investigate a voyeur by Susan Gilvray. Her husband works nights as an overnight radio personality. The cop falls in love with the young and attractive married woman. Obsessed, he woos her despite her initial reluctance. Garwood finds out about an insurance policy on the husband\'s life. He dreams up a scheme in which a phantom "prowler" would be a good scapegoat if Susan\'s husband should happen to die mysteriously. After becoming a prowler himself, Garwood commits the murder and makes it look like self-defense. Susan, who is pregnant, runs away with Garwood to a ghost town named Calico to have the baby without anyone back home knowing. Susan goes into premature labor and Garwood finds a doctor. Garwood intends to kill the doctor to preserve their secret -- Susan was pregnant several months before the marriage to Garwood -- but the doctor escapes with the newborn. Garwood confesses to the murder of Susan\'s husband and she tells him to get out. He drives away, leaving his wife in Calico alone. On the way out of town, Garwood runs  into his former partner on the police force. While attempting to escape, Garwood sees several police cars coming so he heads for the hills. He refuses to stop and a sheriff\'s deputy shoots him dead.'] ['The film takes place prior to the September 11 attacks in 2001, and though based on the findings of the actual 9/11 Commission Report made after the attacks, the film fictionalises some elements of the report for the sake of artistic license. The film focuses on three main characters: Mike , Jack  and Valerie . All three characters work in unconnected jobs on behalf of the U.S. Government, and begin to receive disturbing reports and warnings that the United States could be the target for a terrorist attack. Their efforts to warn the government go unrecognised, and all three are threatened with dismissal for attempting to spread mass hysteria. At this time, the September 11 attacks are made against the World Trade Center, and it is suddenly realised that, had the trio been taken seriously, the attack could have been avoided.'] ['Big Al , and his girlfriend Kat , aresmall-time gun dealers in Queens, New York City. They love each other and place themselves more important than their business. One night, Big Al, realizing that he would earn much more alone, beats up Kat and leaves her with another girl. Kat, recovering from the wounds, sets to break revenge on him for leaving her, with the help of Reilly , an old friend.'] ["Bryce  is a successful man who returns to his tiny hometown for a visit. While there, he runs into his old friend Nick . The two decide to go out for the night. When they enter a bar, Bryce encounters Maggie , a blonde temptress whom he eventually takes home for the night. When he awakens, Maggie informs him that she is underage and threatens to tell the Police that Bryce has committed statutory rape. Bryce panics and decides to tie her up and hide her away in the basement. He then makes a call to Nick. Unbeknownst to Bryce, Maggie is actually Nick's girlfriend Lissa. The two had schemed to use Bryce's money to pay off a $15,000 debt they owe small-time hood Jimmy . Unbeknownst to Nick and Lissa, Jimmy is actually a law abiding college student who is extorting Nick after being misinformed that Nick has inherited millions of dollars after the death of his father."] ["{{plot}} The 15-year-old honor student Molly Stewart  attends her private prep school in the Los Angeles area by day. However, at night, she transforms to an Angel: the mini-skirted, high-heeled street prostitute working Hollywood Boulevard after school. Some members of her street family are the aging movie cowboy Kit Carson , street performer Yoyo Charlie  transvestite Mae  and fellow hookers Crystal  and Lana . All is not well as hookers are being killed by a psycho-necrophiliac . Los Angeles Police Lt. Andrews  has been assigned to the case, but he has no leads. Tragedy strikes Angel's group of friends when Crystal becomes a victim. The next day at school, Molly sees teacher Patricia Allen  who is concerned about Molly's lack of extra-curricular activities. Molly explains that her mother has been paralyzed by a stroke and she needs to go home immediately after school every day to take care of her. Lt. Andrews advises the girls to work in pairs. Angel is working with her partner, Lana, when Lana takes a potential client to a motel room she and Angel share. A couple of hours later, when Angel shows up at the room with a client of her own, she finds the body of Lana in the shower where the killer left it. Based on a description Angel gives the police, a sketch is made and the killer is brought in for a lineup. Angel recognizes him, but he escapes shooting his way out of the police station. Andrews takes Molly/Angel home to speak with her parents, but he finds out that Molly's father had left nine years ago and that her mother had abandoned Molly three years ago. Molly keeps up the fiction of her mother being around so that she will not be sent to a foster home and believes someday her father will return. Thus, since the age of 12, she has paid the rent by prostitution. Despite Andrews's warnings to stay off the street, Angel/Molly purchases a pistol and goes back to work. But that night, one of her schoolmates, Ric Sawyer, and some of his friends see Angel, and before long, the whole school commences to realize that Molly spends her evenings as a Hollywood hooker. The next day, Ms. Allen visits Molly’s apartment, insisting on seeing Molly’s mother. Mae pretends to be Molly's mother, but Allen sees through this subterfuge. Later, Mae is still at the apartment when the killer shows up and stabs Mae to death. Andrews and Molly return to her apartment to find Mae dead. Molly heads out on the streets with a huge, long-barrelled magnum to avenge Mae, and Andrews goes after her. After a fight and chase, Carson, whom Andrews has enlisted to help, shoots the killer, and Molly, Andrews and a wounded Carson walk off together as the scene fades to black."] ['Kang Sang-byeong is a member of the South Korean coast guard who is eager to shoot a North Korean spy. One evening he shoots and kills a South Korean civilian who has strayed into a forbidden zone to have sex with his girlfriend. Kang and the girlfriend of the dead civilian both have mental breakdowns. The woman believes the members of the coast guard are her dead lover, and engages in sexual affairs with them. Though commended after the shooting, Kang is dismissed from the coast guard. He then returns to kill other members of his troop. In the end he goes to Seoul and kills people at random with his bayonet.Synopsis from {{cite web}}, viewed December 12, 2007'] ['The film opens as Mary Murdock , a young student, leaves a lively party at a club in New Jersey one night. She hits a bad bump driving home drunk on a dark road. Later, hearing noises in the garage, she finds a bleeding man, mangled and impaled on her jeep\'s bumper. Not calling 911, she tries to help, but he suddenly attacks. Panicked, she hits him with a golf club. After, she buries his body in a shallow grave in the woods off Clover Rd. The next day, Mary covers up the crime ; she scrubs off the blood but doesn\'t get the dent fixed . Mary starts coming apart. Irrational, she crashes on a tree to camouflage the small dent with a bigger. Later the news reveals the missing man is kindergarten teacher Timothy Emser , bipolar and unstable when he vanished. Strange things occur in Mary\'s house, making her feel toyed with by someone unseen; she descends into paranoia. It transpires that Rick , her boyfriend, gets involved in the cover up and goes to retrieve incriminatory evidence  off the corpse, but is killed, replaced in Emser\'s grave. It becomes clear Emser survived. Unhinged, he returns to make Mary live through the same nightmare she inflicted on him. He stalks Mary many ways. The parrots squawk strange phrases, which alert Mary. At one point, she falls down the stairs, impaling a screw driver in her thigh. Emser surprise attacks, biting and stabbing her, and she passes out. In a reversal, when Mary revives, Emser has strapped her to the bumper with electric cords and Christmas lights and takes her on a sadistic, all-night "revenge drive". Along the way, after a struggle, Emser kills a gas attendant  by pumping petrol down his throat. Emser parks back at his own house, leaving Mary trapped in his garage, as she did to him. He reunites with his worried family, but is ever more delusional, violent. Soon, Emser murders his wife Jane when she accidentally stumbles on and tries to untie Mary. It transpires that Emser goes to bury Mary in the woods with Rick\'s body, after detaching her and the bumper using a blowtorch and welding mask. However, in the grave, Mary is able to maim his eye with a plug from the cords and escapes in the jeep. When Emser blocks her path, Mary revs up and intentionally hits her tormentor several times. She speeds off in the dark. Next morning, Mary wakes on the roadside, numb and battered, and drives to a local auto shop. There, the mechanic and passersby ultimately discover, and pull out, Emser\'s body from under the jeep, where it got snagged. Seeing this, Mary has a mental breakdown, saying "I don\'t think I need that bumper anymore", laughing as the police sirens close in on her. The film ends moving closer to Emser\'s bloodied face on the pavement in the early rain, and it appears to be left uncertain whether he is actually dead or not. Throughout the narrative, a radio DJ called Eddie the Spaz is periodically heard, hosting a weekend music marathon, the "Spazathon", which bookends the film. The film is loosely inspired by an urban legend.{{cite web}}'] ['The film opens with a flirtatious online chat between 14-year-old  Hayley Stark and 32-year-old photographer Jeff KohlverWhile written as &ldquo;Jeff&rdquo; in the film credits and early script, most revisions of the script spell it as &ldquo;Geoff.&rdquo; An example can be seen in the DVD featurette &ldquo;Making Hard Candy,&rdquo; at about 35 minutes. ([[Patrick Wilson  who agree to meet for the first time at a café. After further flirtation, Hayley suggests they return to Jeff&rsquo;s house. Once there, Hayley makes them both screwdrivers after telling Jeff that she would not drink something that she did not mix herself. Hayley, who appears slightly intoxicated, suggests that Jeff take some photographs of her, similar to the ones of young girls displayed on the walls of his home. As Hayley dances and poses, Jeff begins to feel disoriented and eventually passes out.Fall Frights: HARD CANDY Jeff wakes up tied to a wheeled computer chair. Hayley explains that she drugged him and has also been tracking him, knowing he is a pedophile. Jeff denies the allegations, saying he had innocent intentions. Hayley frantically searches the house, eventually finding a hidden safe in his rock garden containing a photo of Donna Mauer, a local girl who had been kidnapped and remains missing. Jeff denies involvement in Mauer&rsquo;s disappearance and tries to escape. Hayley asphyxiates him with plastic wrap until he passes out again. Jeff once again wakes, this time tied to a steel table with a bag of ice on his genitals. Hayley once again confronts him about Donna Mauer, informing Jeff that she is going to castrate him. After a long conversation, she begins composing an e-mail to Janelle, Jeff&rsquo;s ex-girlfriend. Jeff attempts to dissuade her with threats, negotiation, and a long plea for sympathy based on a story of the abuse he suffered as a child, but Hayley proceeds with the operation. Following its conclusion, she steps out of the room claiming to leave to take a shower. Jeff breaks free and observes what appears to be a plastic bag containing what used to be his genitalia. After seeing this, he quickly checks for his testicles. After realizing they are intact and unharmed, he realizes she faked the castration. Angered that she had psychologically tortured him, he storms off in a blunt rage in search of Hayley. Scalpel in hand, he follows Hayley to the bathroom, only to find that the shower is empty and he has walked into a trap; Hayley knocks him unconscious once again, this time with a stun gun. Jeff awakens once more, this time standing on a chair, his hands bound, with a noose around his neck. Hayley reveals that she has written a fake suicide note on his behalf and she makes Jeff an offer. He can commit suicide, and Hayley will erase the evidence of his crimes. If he refuses to kill himself, Hayley will knock the chair out from under him and fully expose his secrets. Their conversation is interrupted when a neighbor  knocks on the door. Hayley answers and convinces the neighbor that she is Jeff&rsquo;s niece who is staying for the weekend. When the neighbor asks her basic questions, Hayley stammers and tells unconvincing lies. When Hayley returns, Jeff breaks free from the noose and pursues her to the roof &mdash; where she has brought the noose and holds him off with the gun. Hayley reveals that she has contacted Janelle, who is driving to the house as they speak. She tells him that if he does not commit suicide, she will pull off her own clothes and run into Janelle&rsquo;s arms, crying and screaming. Jeff finally confesses that he was involved in Donna Mauer&rsquo;s death, but that he only watched while his accomplice committed the murder. He promises that, if she spares his life, he will disclose the other man&rsquo;s name and help her find him. Hayley reveals that &ldquo;Aaron&rdquo;, the man Jeff claims killed Mauer, told her the same thing before killing himself. Janelle arrives and Hayley urges Jeff to kill himself to avoid prosecution and prison, where he will be branded as a child molester and brutalized. She reminds him that her offer is still on the table. Jeff, defeated, lets Hayley slide the noose around his neck with no resistance. He takes the deadly step off the roof with Hayley promising &ldquo;I&rsquo;ll take care of it all&hellip;&rdquo; Hayley looks over the side of the house, observing Jeff, and simply states: &ldquo;&hellip;or not.&rdquo; She gathers her belongings and escapes through the woods at the rear of the house. She stops for a moment to sit and the scene cuts to Hayley walking down the road with the hood on her jacket over her head.'] ['John Berlin  is a former Los Angeles cop teetering toward burnout after the collapse of his marriage. At the invitation of an old friend and colleague, Freddy Ross , Berlin heads to rural northern California, for a job with the Eureka police force. Instead, Berlin prickles his new colleagues, especially John Taylor , who was passed over for promotion in order to make room for Berlin. After finding a woman\'s severed hand in a garbage bag at the local dump, Berlin reopens the case of an unidentified murdered girl, nicknamed "Jennifer", which went unsolved despite a full-time six-month effort by the department. Berlin notices scars on the severed hand\'s fingers and realizes that they came from reading Braille, determining that the girl is blind. He begins to believe the cases are related. Berlin does his best to convince Freddy and his fellow officers of his suspicions, but Taylor, and police chief Citrine , refuse to believe that the hand found at the dump is in any way connected to the other cases. After consulting his former colleagues in L.A., Berlin discovers that in the previous four years, six women, most of them blind, have either been found dead or are still missing, all within a 300 mile radius of San Diego. He becomes convinced that "Jennifer" was the 7th victim and the girl whose hand was found at the dump is "Jennifer 8", or victim #8. While investigating the links between the dead and missing blind girls, he meets blind music student Helena Robertson , determining that her roommate Amber was the eighth victim. Berlin becomes obsessed with the case, despite an almost complete lack of hard evidence, and becomes romantically involved with Helena, who resembles his ex-wife. After an attack on Helena, Ross accompanies Berlin on a stakeout at the institute where Helena lives in a dorm, after leaving Helena with Ross\' wife Margie . When they see a flashlight shining on the same floor as Helena\'s apartment, Berlin investigates and is knocked unconscious by the killer, who then shoots and kills Ross with Berlin\'s .32 pistol. After a grueling interrogation by FBI special agent St. Anne , Berlin figures out that the killer is Taylor, whose killing spree began when he was a San Diego detective and was prompted by a childhood spent attending a school for the blind, where his mother, also blind, was a teacher. Berlin tries to tell St. Anne and Citrine what he has learned, but St. Anne and Citrine refuse to believe him. Berlin is arrested for Ross\'s murder, but is bailed out by Margie, who believes that Berlin is not the killer. When Berlin hears that Margie has taken Helena back to the institute, Berlin knows Helena and Margie are in danger, because Taylor believes Helena to be a witness to his abduction of her roommate Amber and intends for her to be his next victim. Margie masquerades as Helena, and is chased by Taylor at the dorm. Taylor catches up and threatens her, then is shocked when the woman that he thinks is Helena turns around and he sees Margie\'s face - and a revolver pointed right at him. Margie shoots Taylor, avenging her husband\'s death and closing the case.'] [' Amateur tennis star Guy Haines  wants to divorce his vulgar and unfaithful wife Miriam , so he can marry the elegant and beautiful Anne Morton , daughter of a senator . While on a train to meet Miriam, Haines meets Bruno Anthony , a forward stranger who recognizes Guy from gossip items in the newspapers that detail his marital problems. During lunch in Bruno\'s compartment, Bruno tells Guy about his idea for the perfect "Criss-cross" murder: he will kill Miriam and in exchange, Guy will kill Bruno\'s father. Since both are strangers, otherwise unconnected, there is no identifiable motive for the crimes, Bruno contends, hence no suspicion. Guy hurriedly leaves the compartment but leaves Bruno thinking he has agreed to the deal. Guy accidentally leaves his cigarette lighter behind, a gift from Anne to Guy, which Bruno pockets. Bruno heads to Guy\'s hometown of Metcalf and follows Miriam and her two beaux to an amusement park, where he briefly illuminates her face with Guy\'s lighter, then strangles her to death. Guy\'s problems begin when his alibi — an inebriated college professor on the same train as Guy — cannot remember their meeting. But they increase exponentially when Bruno makes repeated appearances into Guy\'s life as he seeks to remind Guy that he is now obliged to kill Bruno\'s father, according to the bargain he thinks they struck on the train.  Bruno sends Guy the keys to his house, a map to his father\'s room, and a pistol. Soon after, Bruno appears at a party at Senator Morton\'s house and hobnobs with the guests, much to Guy\'s apprehension and Anne\'s increasing suspicion. He demonstrates how to strangle someone while preventing them from screaming: with his hands around his "assistant\'s" neck Bruno looks up and sees Anne\'s younger sister Barbara . Her eyeglasses and resemblance to Miriam trigger a flashback for Bruno to Miriam\'s murder, and he loses control of himself and begins to strangle his subject. After a moment he faints, and the frightened party guests pull him off the hysterical woman. Young Barbara rushes to her sister and tells her, "His hands were on her neck, but he was strangling me." Anne puts together the facts of the crime and confronts Guy, who finally admits the truth. Guy finally agrees to Bruno\'s plan over the telephone and creeps into Bruno\'s home at night. When he reaches the father\'s room he tries to warn the older man of Bruno\'s intentions, but finds Bruno waiting for him instead, now aware that Guy\'s sudden change of heart suggests betrayal. Bruno tells Guy that because he will not complete his end of the bargain, he should be blamed for the murder which "belongs" to him — so he will frame Guy for the murder of Miriam.  Anne visits Bruno\'s house to tell his mother  that her son is responsible for the death of a woman, but she does not believe Anne and fails to understand how dangerous her son is. Bruno overhears the conversation and lets Anne know that he has the lighter and plans to plant it at the scene of the crime during the night to implicate Guy. Anne reports back to Guy and the two devise a plan for Guy to beat Bruno to the scene of the crime after he finishes a tennis match that would be too suspicious for him to cancel. Guy wins the tennis match but takes much longer than expected; likewise, Bruno is delayed when he drops Guy\'s lighter down a storm drain and must force his fingertips down the drain to recover it. Guy arrives at the park while Bruno is still waiting for sunset. The two men struggle on the carousel, which spins out of control and crashes after its operator is accidentally hit by a bullet from the police meant for the fleeing Guy. Bruno, mortally wounded in the crash, manages to tell the police of Guy\'s guilt, but the lighter is found clutched in Bruno\'s hand, finally exonerating Guy. An amusement park employee who remembered Bruno\'s previous visit confirms that Bruno was in fact the murderer. Reunited with Anne on a train home, Guy is asked by a friendly clergyman seated near them if he is Guy Haines. Starting to reply, Guy, remembering this is the way Bruno started their fatal conversation, stops himself and quickly leaves the club car with Anne, leaving the man perplexed.'] ["Laurel  has the boyfriend of her dreams, Kevin . He can and will do anything for her. He is totally devoted to her but the downside is that he won't leave her alone. When she tries to get some distance he responds with aggressiveness. It finally dawns on Laurel that he is not good for her. Laurel's mother Jessica has already started to suspect that something is wrong with his background."] ["Three young men, Scott, Robbie, and CJ, stop at a roadhouse in Wisconsin in search of a good time, as Robbie is looking to have sex for the first time. Soon, CJ gets into a fight in the bar and Scott is forced to come inside and bail him and Robbie out. Leaving the roadhouse and their new enemies at the bar behind, the three set off for Minnesota, their home state. Within a few minutes, a large, menacing black car begins stalking them, repeatedly creeping up close and backing off again. Several minutes later, they pick up Deputy Sheriff Charlie Harman, whose '86 Chevrolet police cruiser has frozen to death at the side of the road. After picking up the friendly and talkative Charlie, the 1957 Cadillac Series 75 Limousine, begins to get more and more aggressive, and for unknown reasons challenges Scott's SAAB to a drag race in which it tries repeatedly to wreck the SAAB. Suspicion over why the car is after them and who its occupants are after begins to rise within the SAAB, and Scott decides to kick Charlie out of the car and leave him, believing he is the reason they are being chased. The Cadillac then reappears, and Charlie is apparently killed by a gunman in the Cadillac. After a long while is spent by the three attempting to escape and outwit the Cadillac, the SAAB overheats and stops, and a fight breaks out between the three young men. CJ intervenes and stops the fight, and the three push the SAAB down the road to a repair garage. CJ is soon kidnapped by the Cadillac's occupants while outside, and a chase between both cars across the nearby frozen lake ensues, in which Scott's car is finally destroyed by its overheating problems. CJ is then found tied to a tree, and the reason for the entire set of events is revealed. Charlie, who is in truth a cruel and vindictive man whose death was faked by his brother, Luther, the Cadillac's driver, has been attempting to identify the man his wife had been seeing at a roadhouse, and learned that it was Scott. As he prepares to kill Scott with a hunting knife, his wife Jeanine taunts and distracts him, allowing Scott, Robbie and CJ to break free and run. An insanely enraged Charlie, now personally driving the Cadillac, chases after them. When he corners Scott at the edge of a cliff, he waits a moment, then charges. His wife appears at the last moment in front of Scott, causing Charlie to veer away, sending the black Cadillac crashing down the cliff and into the lake. The destroyed, burning car sinks into the lake while Scott, CJ, Robbie, and Jeanine look on. The next morning, the group finally makes it across the state line into Minnesota."] ["Two years after killing Hasford, a serial killer, in the line of duty, Kline now works as a private detective, but he is still haunted by the ghosts of his past. A powerful pharmaceutical conglomerate boss hires Kline to find his only son Shitao who has mysteriously disappeared in the Philippines where he had been helping in an orphanage. Kline follows the trail left by the ethereal Shitao to the jungles of Mindanao, and then to the urban jungle of Hong Kong, where he enlists the help of Meng Zi, an old police officer friend. The search leads Kline to cross paths with local organized crime syndicate boss Su Dongpo, who is making trouble for the underworld, triggered by an overriding passion for his drug-addicted girlfriend Lili. Caught in the crossfire between the Hong Kong police and Su Dongpo's mafia drug ring which is also hunting for Shitao, Kline finds himself alone, in this unknown city, when Meng Zi is victim of an assassination attempt and is hospitalised. Leaving behind his 5-stars hotel for a shabby murder scene apartment in order to get inside the mind of Shitao, Kline gradually loses himself in the terrifying memories of Hasford, whose speciality was dissecting his victims' limbs while they were still alive, then reassembling them into installation sculptures. After a few weeks immersed in his haunted memories, torn between good and evil, Kline is about to leave Hong Kong when he finds Shitao, who has become a mysterious vagrant with healing powers.Synopsis, Central Films{{cite news}}"] ['Peter Breck plays journalist Johnny Barrett, who thinks the quickest way to a Pulitzer Prize is to uncover the facts behind a murder at a mental hospital. So, he pretends to go insane and is locked up in the institution. While pursuing his investigation, he is sidetracked by the behavior of his fellow inmates. The three witnesses to the murder have all become insane owing to the stress of confronting American bigotry and war.Criterion Collection essay by Tim Hunter After a hospital riot, Barrett is straitjacketed and subjected to shock treatment. Barrett begins imagining that his exotic-dancer girlfriend  is his sister, and experiences many other symptoms of mental breakdown. He learns the identity of the killer, and writes his story, but the damage to his mind is irreparable, and he never leaves the hospital.'] ["They tells the story of a Psychology grad student named Julia  and an event that turns her life upside down. As a child she experienced horrifying night terrors, but has seemingly overcome the problem. She reunites with a childhood friend, Billy , and he tells her that he believes their night terrors are caused by something otherworldly and warns her to stay out of the dark, before suddenly committing suicide. At his funeral, Julia meets two of Billy's friends who slowly begin to believe his claims. Julia's night terrors return and she begins to doubt her perception of the world around her. It turns out her mental illness is caused by creatures only she can see who are attempting to consume her. As she tries to flee them, Julia ends up nearly being consumed by them but narrowly manages to escape and her illusions cause her to harm innocent people. She is hospitalized at a mental institution where she is attacked once more and transported into a separate dimension inside of a closet, here she screams for help towards doctors and orderlies who cannot see her. The closet door is shut by one of the doctors and the creatures proceed to attack her."] ['Allan  is suffering from hysterical blindness following a fire that killed his father and scarred his sister Katherine . Returning home after months in a hospital, Allan begins to hear his name being whispered and partially sees a dark figure coming to get him. Is he crazy or is someone really out to get him?'] ['The movie opens with the brutal murder of San Francisco socialite Paige Forrester at her remote beach house. An intruder in a black mask ties her up in bed and kills her with a hunting knife. He writes the word \'Bitch\' on the wall above the bed with her blood. Her husband Jack Forrester  is devastated. To make matters worse, he is then arrested for her murder by Thomas Krasny , a posturing D.A.. Jack tries to hire high-profile lawyer Teddy Barnes  to defend him. Barnes used to work for Krasny, and she is reluctant to take the case, as she stopped working in criminal law after an incident with Krasny. Krasny runs into Barnes in a restaurant, where she is dining with her ex-husband. He tells her that "Henry Styles hanged himself in his cell," which clearly distresses her. Barnes visits Sam Ransom , a two-bit private detective who used to work for Krasny\'s office as well. He stopped private investigations at the same time that Barnes left Krasny\'s office, and it becomes clear that Styles\' case was the reason why. During her visit with Ransom, Barnes decides to take the case. In the course of preparing for the trial, Barnes and Forrester spend a great deal of time together, and eventually, they sleep together. Ransom warns Barnes that Forrester is just trying to make her care more about his case so that she won\'t lose it. She says, "I know that!" In the run-up to the trial, her office begins receiving anonymous typed letters that mention things about the case. All of the "t\'s" in the letters are slightly raised, and Ransom has the notes analyzed, determining that they were typed on a 1942 Corona typewriter. In a pre-trial meeting, Barnes tells the judge that Krasny has a history of not meeting his discovery obligations. She is warned about making such a claim without any evidence. The prosecution\'s case relies mainly on circumstantial evidence. A jilted woman claimed that Paige told her she was divorcing Jack, but Barnes discredits her with evidence, including a love letter, that her advances had been rejected by Jack, causing Paige to cut off all communication with her. The other main witness is a locker-room attendant at a private club who claims to have seen a hunting knife in Forrester\'s locker. Barnes discredits him by proving that the knife was in another member\'s locker. Krasny calls a witness who had an affair with Forrester. The details of her relationship with Forrester are eerily similar to the way he seduced Barnes. She is horrified and threatens to drop the case. She only agrees to proceed due to a sense of duty, though she now believes that Forrester is guilty. Another note arrives at her office saying, "He is innocent. Santa Cruz. January 21, 1984. Ask Julie Jensen." Barnes drives to Santa Cruz and interviews Jensen, who then testifies at the trial that she was attacked in the same manner as Paige Forrester. All the details match, but she says her attacker seemed to stop himself from killing her. As Krasny is busy objecting that the attack on Jensen is unrelated to the one on Forrester, he lets slip that his office had investigated the attack and not revealed it in discovery. In chambers, the judge threatens to have Krasny disbarred. It\'s become obvious that he\'s lost the case and that Barnes once again believes Forrester is innocent. Krasny seems deranged as he yells at Barnes that Forrester is guilty and not just a psychopath but an "iceman". Krasny insists that Forrester staged the earlier attack on Jensen in order to create an alibi of sorts for Paige\'s murder, which he had planned for eighteen months. Krasny also insists that Forrester has been sending Barnes the anonymous notes, leading her along. After the "not guilty" verdict is read, Barnes announces to the media that she left Krasny\'s office over the Henry Styles case, where Krasny suppressed evidence that proved Styles was innocent. Krasny walks off in disgust. Barnes goes over to Forrester\'s house to celebrate, and they sleep together again. In the morning, as she is changing the sheets on the bed, she discovers a Corona typewriter in his closet. She tests it by typing \'He is innocent,\' and the "t" is raised just as it was in the anonymous notes she received. She throws clothing over the typewriter and flees with it, pretending to Forrester that her little boy is sick. With Barnes back at home, Forrester calls to ask after her little boy, and she tells him that she found the typewriter. Forrester says he\'s baffled and that he\'s coming over. Barnes calls Ransom, breathless with fear and on the brink of telling him that Forrester is a killer, when a sudden calm comes over her face, and she instead murmurs something inconsequential and hangs up. The masked figure last seen in the opening scene breaks into her house and confronts her in her bedroom. She knew he\'d come and is waiting for him, covered up in bed. As he starts to attack, Barnes throws back the covers to reveal her gun. She shoots him multiple times until he falls to the floor. Ransom comes in with his gun drawn and unmasks the attacker: it is Forrester . "He was trash," Ransom says to Barnes.'] ["A young woman's nightmarish past returns to trigger off a bizarre phobia she was once cured of; an intense fear of space, eased only by closeness to walls. She becomes a psychological survivalist when her remote house suddenly becomes a spiritual battleground, as evil forces gather to torture her during a night of terror."] ['Several murders have taken place throughout the city of Kolkata. A serial killer is believed to be responsible. The modus operandi being that the killer always carries out the murder according to verses in Bengali poetry. He leaves behind the verses next to the victims. The police are baffled, with their lead detective struggling to solve the case. This leads his superior deciding to bring back an ex-cop to help solve the case. The ex-cop, who was earlier suspended for orchestrating a fake encounter, is also well known for his ill temperament. Now the ex-cop and the lead detective must work together to catch the serial killer before another innocent loses his life . Meanwhile the lead detective has broke up with his girlfriend .'] ['The film starts with a man, Ryjkin, trying to escape from the Cube. He enters a cube, and is sprayed with liquid, but thinks it is only water. However, when he rubs the back of his hand, a piece of flesh falls off, and he realizes that his body is disintegrating, and that he was sprayed with a very strong base. He then melts on the floor, screaming. A man named Eric watching this in an observation room with his co-worker named Dodd, reveals that it is only a filmed tape. Afterwards, Eric is shown to be sketching a portrait of Dodd , whilst playing chess with Dodd, who has a chess board in front of him, which Eric is not looking at, as he is on the other table, just drawing and naming his moves. Eric is vastly intelligent, so he can already calculate all of Dodd\'s moves. After Eric wins, he asks Dodd questions about their missing colleagues, but Dodd tells him not to ask too many questions or get involved with the occupants of the Cube, because it wouldn\'t make "those upstairs" happy. Both Eric and Dodd get an order from "upstairs", which asks them to record the dream of a subject, Cassandra Rains. In her dream, Eric sees that she was captured, while walking in a pleasant forest with her daughter named Anna. After waking, Cassandra meets the other occupants of the Cube. One of the males placed in the cube, Robert Haskell, has a tattoo on his forehead like the soldier who captured Cassandra. However, Haskell, like everyone else, has no recollection of his former life, nor how he got here, he only knows his name. According to what Eric and Dodd know, everyone in The Cube was facing a death sentence and was presented a choice: Go in the Cube with their memory completely erased or be put on a death sentence. Only if a person signs the consent form will he or she then be placed in The Cube. Eric discovers that there is no consent form in Cassandra\'s file and argues with Dodd that they should inform the people "upstairs" about this. Meanwhile, Eric and Dodd get "lunch" from "upstairs", from the elevator, which is actually a pill containing a flavour they have ordered. Just when he is about to make a call to the superiors, the phone rings. They are instructed to perform the "exit procedure" for a subject who has reached one of the exits of the Cube and is facing his final challenge. They see that it is one of their former colleagues, Owen. During the exit procedure, Owen is first asked  if he remembers his name. Owen is then asked if he believes in God, and when he answers no, Eric is ordered to press the "no" button. After he does, Owen is immediately incinerated. Eric argues with Dodd over the fate of Owen, on which he says that he said "no", and that no one said yes. Eric realizes that the Cube is inhumane, and that those "upstairs" are planning to place people in The Cube without their consent and that they will just randomly place anyone inside The Cube. He decides to enter The Cube to help Cassandra escape it. He distracts Dodd and enters the elevator, which contain only three buttons, UP , MIDDLE , and DOWN . He selects DOWN, and enters the room. Jax, one of the Cube\'s supervisors who monitor the employees, and two of his analysts arrive from "upstairs" to stop Eric from helping Cassandra. Despite their efforts to stop them, Eric and Cassandra make it to the exit room with the help of Dodd, who sabotages the control panels servicing The Cube, and swallows the main power coupler for the cameras inside the Cube, saying "you will have to take it out of me". Jax kills him with a knife, and cuts his stomach and gets the coupler. The sabotage reset the Cube and caused every trap to shut down, which Eric planned. He also informs Cassandra that they only have 10 minutes to escape before The Cube enters the "Reset Mode", which vaporizes every living thing in all of the rooms. Once Eric and Cassandra reach an "exit room", Haskell catches them, now a hacked soldier who tries to capture them. They escape using a secret auxiliary exit just as The Cube enters "Reset Mode", which vaporizes Haskell. They escape in the lake and end up in the forest. However, soldiers searching for them have already arrived. Cassandra manages to escape, but Eric is shot by a dart and passes out. Eric wakes up in a surgery room and confronts Jax, who reveals that Cassandra may have gotten away, but Eric had been found guilty of "high treason" and "sabotage" against "country and God." He has been sentenced to "two lifetimes" and will be implanted with a brain microchip. Jax claims Eric has already been convicted in a trial. Jax shows him his consent form and says he had been put in the Cube not as a victim, but as an observer, with his memory reprogramed so he would have no memory about his past life. Eric dreams about Cassandra reuniting with her daughter and praising Eric as "a superhero." Eric is then given a lobotomy so he would have no emotion, and placed in The Cube. This time, he is the victim. His behavior is identical to Kazan, an autistic man from the first movie.'] ["In Victorian London, Edward Styles is accused of being the notorious Haymarket Strangler, the brutal killer of five women. Twenty years after he is tried and executed for these crimes James Rankin , a novelist and social reformer, launches an investigation to prove that Styles is innocent. His search for clues leads him first to the sleazy Judas Hole music hall, where the Strangler picked his victims from the resident can-can dancers and loose women, and then to the prison cemetery of Newgate where Styles was buried - in order to exhume his body. When the killings start again, Rankin's theory seems to be vindicated. However his growing obsession with the case signals a most unwelcome revelation as to the true identity of the murderer."] ["Matt Rutledge goes on vacation to the Louisiana bayou country. He decides to stay at an old plantation house which is now a boarding house owned by two sisters, Charlotte and Lucy. Charlotte is in her 30s, in and out of love with the town sheriff, Cleve Doucet. Lucy is in her 20s and has a long history of mental illness and contact with the ghosts of several people who have died in a bayou near their home. Lucy falls in love with Matt, and the characters find themselves involved in murder, betrayal and dark secrets from the past, which are revealed gradually in flashback. When Charlotte was a teenager and Lucy was a child, Matt's older brother Jud had tried to rape them and they had killed him in self-defense. But in panic they had dragged his body into a bayou and not reported the incident to anyone. Jud's death was a terrible secret only the sisters shared, and it was to some extent responsible for Lucy's mental problems. But unknown to them, Matt – whom they had not known when they were younger – had witnessed the killing and has now returned under a false name to avenge his brother's death. Charlotte finally realizes who he is and what he plans to do. Lucy is still under his influence and almost helps him kill Charlotte, but she manages to escape. Matt takes Lucy to the same spot in the bayou where they had put Jud's body and tries to drown her, but an unidentified hand from beneath drags him down into the bayou and he dies instead. As the film ends, Charlotte finally is about to marry Cleve, but Lucy still suffers terrifying and violent visions of Matt."] ["A man's recently transplanted heart leads him on a frantic search to find the donor's killer before a similar fate befalls him.In Providence, a husband and wife die in a botched robbery; we see flickers of his last memories. His heart goes to Terry Bernard, a single father raising a girl with a rare degenerative disease. After the operation, Terry has flashes of memory from the last moments of the dead donor's life. Then, he recognizes one of the donor's killers and follows him into an alley. Within days, Terry becomes an unwilling avenger, with a police detective on his trail. Meanwhile, he begins a romance with his daughter's doctor, his moods complicated by memory flashes, the donor's deepening presence in both Terry's mind and body, and the unexplained bond among the donor's killers. Can this end well?"] ['The film opens with a car crash on Brooklyn Bridge, and introduces Henry Letham , a survivor of the crash, sitting, unharmed, next to a burning car on the bridge. Psychiatrist Sam Foster  and his girlfriend , art teacher Lila  are then introduced in a new scene. Sam discusses his patient, Henry, a college student and aspiring artist whom he describes as depressed and paranoid, with feelings of guilt and remorse over having \'set fire to\' his car at the beginning of the film. Henry mentions that he sometimes hears voices, and seems able to predict future events. Henry is also suspicious of Sam because he had suddenly been called to stand in for his ordinary psychiatrist, Beth Levy . Henry has told Sam of his plans to kill himself that Saturday at midnight, which Sam finds very troubling. Lila, who has survived a past suicide attempt, offers to help to dissuade Henry from killing himself. Sam investigates Henry\'s circumstances in an effort to help. After repeatedly attempting to reach Dr. Levy, he comes to her apartment to find her disoriented and lethargic, mumbling incoherent phrases like "I didn\'t touch him; I know you\'re not supposed to move them," occasionally belittling Sam with maudlin reference to an implied unresolved tension between the two, and the fact that she\'s aware that he\'s dating an ex-patient. Henry, who had earlier claimed to have killed both of his parents, has his account contradicted by Sam when finds Henry\'s mother ([[Kate Burton  and her dog living in a bare house, confused about Sam\'s identity  and refuses to respond to his questions. Henry\'s mother insists on feeding Sam, but when she opens the fridge it is completely empty. Her head starts bleeding and when Sam attempts to help her, her dog bites him. At the clinic, whilst having his dog-bitten arm treated, Sam discusses the visit with a present police officer  who is curious as to why he would visit that house. Sam explains what happened, but the police officer tells him that he had attended the funeral for woman who lived there years ago. This seems to send Sam into a fugue in which the same scene and dialogue is repeated several times. Later, Sam contacts a waitress named Athena , whom Henry has mentioned that he had fallen in love with. She is an aspiring actress and he meets her at a script reading where she is reading lines from Hamlet with another man. She agrees to take him to Henry, but after a long trip down winding staircases he loses her. When he gets back to the rehearsal room, she is there reading the same lines as when he first met her. The search continues until 11:33 pm on Saturday, less than half an hour before Henry plans to kill himself. At a bookshop known to have been frequented by Henry, Sam finds a painting that Henry had painted and bartered for books about Henry\'s favorite artist. He learns that the artist had killed himself on Brooklyn Bridge, on his twenty-first birthday. Henry\'s twenty-first birthday is Sunday, and Sam realizes that Henry plans to commit suicide on Brooklyn Bridge in imitation of the artist. Sam finds Henry on the Brooklyn Bridge in a physical atmosphere that is increasingly unraveling. After failing to dissuade Henry, Sam turns away as Henry puts the gun in his mouth and pulls the trigger. The car crash of the first scene is then reprised. Henry was fatally wounded in the crash but, in his last moments, is suffering survivor guilt. Each of the characters introduced earlier in the film was in fact a random spectator at the site of the crash, including Sam, a doctor, and Lila, a nurse, who treat Henry in an attempt to save him. The brief remarks they make are the same ones heard previously by their dream-world counterparts earlier in the film. They fail to rescue Henry, and Henry dies, but not before seeing Lila as Athena and proposing to her, which Lila accepts out of sympathy. The entire film up until Henry\'s death had existed only in his mind - in his last moments... (a plot device used most famously in the short story An Occurrence at Owl Creek Bridge and also in the film [[Jacob\'s Ladder . However, there are clues that the people surrounding Henry as he lay dying were actually drawn into another world in some way. For instance, after Henry dies and is being loaded into a body bag, Janeane Garofalo\'s character is heard telling her name to the police: Elizabeth Levy. Since Henry died before hearing this, he would have no way of knowing how to "dream" her true name. Additionally, before parting, Sam appears to get a flash in his mind of the experiences between him and Lila that Henry had constructed, and asks Lila out for coffee.'] ['The film examines the mind of anthropologist Ethan Powell  who has been missing for a few years, living in the jungle with gorillas. He had been convicted of killing and injuring several supposed Wilderness Park Rangers in Africa, and is sent to prison. A bright young psychiatrist  tries to find out why he killed them, but becomes entangled in a quest to learn the true history and nature of humankind. Eventually it is revealed that the man did it to protect his gorilla family when the rangers arrived and started shooting them. He gets a hearing to reveal the truth, but an attack by a vicious guard causes Powell to stop talking again. At the end of the film, Powell escapes from prison, using a pen to dig out the lock on a window and heads back to Africa.'] ['Childhood friends Dan Walker  and Joe Lynch  along with Dan\'s girlfriend Parker O\'Neill  spend a Sunday afternoon at a New England ski resort on Mount Holliston. Not wanting to pay full price for three ski lift tickets, Dan convinces Parker to bribe the ski lift attendant Jason  to let them all on the ski lift. On the way up, the ski lift shuts down, but starts back up again shortly. After spending all afternoon watching Parker fall over herself because she cannot snowboard, the guys are eager to take one last run down the mountain before they go home. However, it is now evening, and the ski resort decides to close early because a storm is moving in. The friends remind Jason of the bribe and convince him to let them on the ski lift one last time. At this point the resort is almost deserted. Before the group gets all the way to the top, Jason is called into the boss\'s office and is replaced by a co-worker Rifkin . As Jason leaves, he tells Rifkin that there are only three skiers left and then the ski lift can be shut down. Another set of three skiers comes down the mountain. When Rifkin sees them, he shuts down the ski lift stranding the three central characters in their ski lift chair far above the ground. The friends are first annoyed as they assume that there\'s another technical difficulty with the ski lift. A few minutes later, however, the lights go out scaring the three skiers. Night has come and a snow storm moves in. After a while, a snowcat comes along and it seems as if the driver Cody  is about to see them. However, at the last second, Cody is called back to base. After several hours, the friends realize that no one is coming to get them and that they could be stuck up there all week, as the resort is closed on weekdays. Parker then loses her right glove while smoking. Dan realizes he has no choice but to jump from the ski lift chair and get help, as they will not survive up there in the bitter cold until Friday. Dan jumps off the lift onto a hard section of the ski path and suffers a compound fracture in both of his legs. Later on, he is approached by a wolf who growls at him, but Parker throws her snowboard at it and it runs away. Joe, now fearing for Dan\'s safety, decides to climb up and traverse the ski lift cable so that he can get to a chair that is closer to the ground. However, after traversing a few feet, he returns to his chair with his gloves cut and holds Parker, to prevent her watching the scene below. Dan has now been surrounded by a pack of wolves who devour him, horrifying Parker and Joe. Later on, Joe and Parker have a fight in which Joe furiously accuses Parker of being too insensitive and only caring about herself, while Parker blames him for not dissuading Dan from jumping. However, they soon make up. In the morning, Parker wakes up with her right hand stuck to the ski lift safety bar, which she has grabbed in her sleep. She painfully pulls it free, losing skin in the process. In addition, she has developed a bad case of frostbite on her face. After a few hours, Joe climbs up, traverses the ski lift cable, severely cutting his gloves in the process, and this time safely climbs down the ladder of a support pole two chairs back. At the same time, Parker\'s ski lift chair begins tipping as it has started to loosen from its supporting cable. After fighting off a pair of wolves by using a ski pole, Joe slides down the mountain on Parker\'s snowboard, planning to return with help for her; the wolves chase after him. Another night passes and no one has shown up to help Parker. She now realizes that something has happened to Joe. The next day, she begins to attempt to jump down herself, but the bolt holding the lift chair fails; the chair drops some twenty feet but is caught by a supporting cable. Parker jumps down, now from a fairly safe height, but is injured after the lift chair falls on her ankle. She then alternately slides and crawls down the mountain, pausing when she sees a streak of blood in the snow and is then approached by a wolf. After sizing her up, the wolf returns to the nearby pack, Parker sees that the pack has caught and killed Joe and is now finishing off his remains. Completely traumatized, Parker makes it the rest of the way down the mountain to a nearby road. Eventually a car appears and the driver stops to assist her. While driving, the man calls the hospital and tells them that he had found a girl hurt outside of the ski resort. The film ends with Parker\'s eyes closing as she hears the driver telling her, "You\'ll be okay, baby. You\'re gonna be okay."'] ["Liberty Wallace  is the Vice President of Marketing of one of the largest gun manufacturers in the United States, McCloud Industries. She's the daughter of the company's founder, and married to the company's ruthless CEO, Victor Wallace . While former war hero Victor is busy trafficking in international armaments, Liberty takes business breaks to conduct an affair with actor Russell Williams . The balance of their marriage of convenience shifts when a sniper named Joe  aims his rifle at Liberty as she walks through a busy Los Angeles park on her way to meet Russell. Joe calls Liberty on her cell phone and orders her to shackle herself to a nearby hot dog vendor's cart. Liberty has no intention of acquiescing to Joe's wishes - until Joe begins shooting. Quickly convinced, she locks herself to the stand, only to learn that it is loaded with explosives. If she calls for help, hangs up the phone, mutes the phone, or fails to co-operate, the bomb will go off. Joe has also attached a bomb to Russell, who's now in his dressing room at the theater. Liberty realizes she can't buy her way out of the situation, and she is forced to consider Joe's demand for an anti-gun forum. It is revealed that Joe's daughter was fatally shot at school by a classmate who used a gun manufactured by McCloud Industries. Joe has decided to show Liberty what it's like to be on the other end of the weapon and the horrors of what she has had a blind hand in for years. Victor has apparently bartered illegal deals without Liberty's knowledge, ones that have resulted in easier access to weapons for street dealers - the ones who sold the weapon that killed Joe's daughter. Joe wants Liberty to use her political connections and this incident to spark a public debate on the Second Amendment. Despite his past, Joe no longer supports the unequivocal right to bear arms. Joe tells Liberty that she's going to die, but that she can die a hero if she exposes her company's shady business dealings and political connections before she's killed. As Joe monitors and records her every move, Liberty reveals secrets about her own past, and her business dealings. When Victor, who's also having an affair, finds out that Liberty has been taken hostage, he's torn between following company protocol - protecting himself and allowing Liberty to be killed - and going to help her. Victor and the media show up. At first, it seems that Joe, who is actually a former CIA agent named Alex, is using Liberty as bait to attract media attention, but then Joe guns down news reporter Bill Tollman , who happens to be the son of a hawkish US senator. After Joe shoots Victor dead, a SWAT team figures out what building Joe is in. Before they can get to Joe, he shoots himself in the head, and dies, but he has already forwarded Liberty's recorded confessions, presumably to one or several of the national newspapers."] ['Amanda Weber is a museum employee. Her nephew, Victorien, who feels that wild animals should not be kept in zoos, has been murdered, and she seeks to find out why and how. She knows that Victorien was witness to a mysterious government project where 50 tourists were killed by an unknown poison gas, and the bus they were travelling in was found at the bottom of a lake. Alex, a callous government assassin who is having marital problems with his wife Delphine, has orders to kill anyone who knows about the cover-up of that project, and Amanda soon becomes his target.'] ['Whilst driving his Rover P5B, uptight City worker Harold Pelham appears to become possessed and he has a serious accident at high speed. On the operating table, he briefly suffers clinical death, after which there appear to be two heartbeats on the monitor. When he awakes, Pelham finds his life has been turned upside-down: in his job as a director of a marine technology company he learns that he now supports a merger that he once opposed, and that he apparently is having an affair. Friends, colleagues and acquaintances claim to have seen him in places where he has never been, also a silver sports car a Lamborghini Islero starts to follow him around. Does Pelham have a doppelgänger - or is he actually going insane?'] ["Deidre Kenyon  is David Kenyon's  ex-wife and intends to stalk him and wreck his family. She goes to extreme lengths to do this."] [' After breaking his leg during a dangerous assignment, professional photographer L.B. "Jeff" Jeffries  is confined in his Greenwich Village apartment, using a wheelchair while he recuperates. His rear window looks out onto a small courtyard and several other apartments. During a summer heat wave, he passes the time by watching his neighbors, who keep their windows open to stay cool. The tenants he can see include a dancer he nicknames "Miss Torso", a lonely woman he nicknames "Miss Lonelyheart", a songwriter, several married couples, a middle-aged sculptor, and Lars Thorwald , a wholesale jewelry salesman with a bedridden wife. After Thorwald and his wife apparently have an argument, Thorwald makes repeated late-night trips carrying his sample case. Jeff notices that Thorwald\'s wife is gone and sees Thorwald cleaning a large knife and handsaw. Later, Thorwald ties a large packing crate with heavy rope and has moving men haul it away. Jeff discusses these observations with his wealthy socialite girlfriend Lisa Fremont  and his insurance company home-care nurse Stella , and becomes obsessed with their theory that Thorwald murdered his wife. He explains their theory to his friend Tom Doyle , a New York City Police detective, and asks him to find out whether anyone actually picks up the packing crate. Doyle looks into the situation but finds nothing suspicious, and discovers that "Mrs. Thorwald" picked up the packing crate. After Doyle leaves, Jeff asks Lisa if she thinks it was ethical for him to spy on his neighbor with binoculars and a telephoto lens; Lisa replies that she doesn\'t know much about "rear window ethics" but comments on their morbid curiosity by asking, "Whatever happened to that old saying, \'Love thy neighbor\'?" Soon after, a neighbor\'s dog is found dead with its neck broken. When the owner sees the lifeless body of her dog she screams to the courtyard: "You don\'t know the meaning of the word \'neighbors\'. Neighbors like each other, speak to each other, care if anybody lives or dies! But none of you do!" and cries in grief. During the woman\'s hysterics, the neighbors all rush to their windows to see what has happened, except for Thorwald, whose cigar can be seen glowing as he sits in his dark apartment. Convinced that Thorwald is guilty after all, Jeff has Lisa slip an accusatory note under Thorwald\'s door so Jeff can watch his reaction when he reads it. Then, as a pretext to get Thorwald away from his apartment, Jeff telephones him and arranges a meeting at a bar. He thinks Thorwald may have buried something in the courtyard flower patch and then killed the dog to keep it from digging it up. When Thorwald leaves, Lisa and Stella dig up the flowers but find nothing. Lisa then climbs the fire escape to Thorwald\'s apartment and squeezes in through an open window. When Thorwald returns and grabs Lisa, Jeff calls the police, who arrive in time to save her. With the police present, Jeff sees Lisa with her hands behind her back, wiggling her finger with Mrs. Thorwald\'s wedding ring on it. Thorwald also sees this, realizes that she is signaling to someone, and notices Jeff across the courtyard. Jeff phones Doyle, now convinced that Thorwald is guilty of something, and Stella heads for the police station to post bail for Lisa, leaving Jeff alone. He soon realizes that Thorwald is coming to his apartment. When Thorwald enters the apartment and approaches him, Jeff repeatedly sets off his camera flashbulbs, temporarily blinding Thorwald. Thorwald grabs Jeff and pushes him toward the open window as Jeff yells for help. Jeff falls to the ground just as some police officers enter the apartment and others run to catch him. Thorwald confesses the murder of his wife and the police arrest him. A few days later, the heat has lifted and Jeff rests peacefully in his wheelchair, now with casts on both legs. The lonely neighbor woman chats with the songwriter in his apartment, the dancer\'s lover returns home from the army, the couple whose dog was killed have a new dog, and the newly married couple are bickering. In the last scene of the film, Lisa reclines beside Jeff, appearing to read a book on foreign travel in order to please him, but as soon as he is asleep, she puts the book down and happily opens a fashion magazine.'] ["Nick Cavanaugh  is a lonely Atlanta surgeon obsessed with a woman named Helena . After she is injured in a grievous hit-and-run motor vehicle accident in front of his home, he kidnaps and treats her in his house surreptitiously, amputating both of her legs. Later, he amputates her healthy arms as well. Though Helena is the victim of Nick's kidnapping and mutilation, she dominates the dialogue with her constant ridiculing of him for all of his shortcomings. After some time living together she becomes lonely and returns his affection."] ['During the Korean War, the Soviets capture an American platoon and take them to Manchuria in Communist China. After the war, the soldiers return to the United States, and Staff Sergeant Raymond Shaw  is credited with saving their lives in combat. Upon the recommendation of the platoon\'s commander, Captain Bennett Marco , Shaw is awarded the Medal of Honor for his supposed actions. When asked to describe him, Marco and the other soldiers automatically respond, "Raymond Shaw is the kindest, bravest, warmest, most wonderful human being I\'ve ever known in my life." Deep down, however, they know that Shaw is a cold, sad, unsociable loner. Marco &mdash; who has since been promoted to Major &mdash; suffers from a recurring nightmare in which a hypnotized Shaw kills two fellow soldiers before the assembled military brass of communist nations, during a practical demonstration of a brainwashing technique. Marco wants to investigate, but receives no support from Army Intelligence as he has no proof. However, Marco learns that another soldier from the platoon, Allen Melvin ([[James Edwards , has had the same nightmare. When Melvin and Marco separately identify some of the men in the dream as leading figures in communist governments, Army Intelligence agrees to help Marco investigate.  Meanwhile, Shaw\'s mother, Mrs. Eleanor Iselin , drives the political career of her husband and Shaw\'s stepfather, Senator John Yerkes Iselin ([[James Gregory , a McCarthy-like demagogue who is widely dismissed as a fool. Senator Iselin finds a newfound political profile when he claims that an undetermined number of Communists work within the Defense Department. However, unknown to Raymond, Mrs. Iselin is actually a Communist agent with a plan intended to secure the presidency under Communist influence. Mrs. Iselin is the American "operator" responsible for controlling Raymond, who was conditioned in Manchuria to be an unwitting assassin whose actions are triggered by a Queen of Diamonds playing card. When he sees it, he will obey the next suggestion or order given to him. When given instructions to kill selected targets, he must also kill any witnesses and never remember his actions, making him the perfect assassin. It is revealed that Shaw\'s heroism was a false memory implanted in the platoon by the Communists in Manchuria, and that they were covertly returned to the American lines when their conditioning was completed; the actions for which Shaw was awarded his Medal of Honor never took place. Raymond briefly finds happiness when he rekindles a youthful romance with Jocelyn Jordan , the daughter of Senator Thomas Jordan , one of his stepfather\'s political rivals. Raymond had previously courted Jocelyn in order to get back at his mother, but they then genuinely fell in love. Mrs. Iselin broke up the relationship for political reasons, but now facilitates the couple\'s reunion as part of her scheme to garner the support of Senator Jordan for her husband\'s own sudden bid for Vice President. Jocelyn, wearing a Queen of Diamonds costume outfit, inadvertently hypnotizes Raymond at a costume party thrown by the Iselins, and the couple elopes. Although pleased with the match, Senator Jordan makes it clear to Mrs. Iselin that he will move for her husband\'s impeachment if he makes any attempt to seek the vice-presidential nomination. Mrs. Iselin triggers Raymond\'s conditioning and sends him to assassinate Jordan. Raymond carries out his orders, and also kills Jocelyn when she happens upon the scene. Raymond has no knowledge of his actions, and is genuinely grief-stricken when he learns of the murders. Marco discovers the role of the Queen of Diamonds card in hypnotizing Raymond into committing murder. Marco meets Raymond and, using a deck composed entirely of such cards, gets the full story; he then orders Raymond to break the links between the card and obeying any further subsequent orders. Mrs. Iselin primes her son to assassinate their party\'s presidential candidate at the nomination convention so that Senator Iselin, as the vice-presidential candidate, will become the presidential candidate by default. This will cause mass hysteria that will get Iselin, "the Manchurian candidate", elected and justify emergency powers that, in Mrs. Iselin\'s words, "will make martial law seem like anarchy". Mrs. Iselin tells Raymond that she did not know that he was to be selected by the Communists, who apparently chose him to be the assassin because they believed it would solidify their own hold and control over her. She vows that once in power she will "grind them into the dirt". Marco\'s attempt to free Raymond appears to have failed. Raymond enters the convention hall disguised as a Catholic priest and takes up a position to carry out the assassination as he was instructed, using a rifle with a scope. Marco and his supervisor, Colonel Milt ([[Douglas Henderson , arrive at the convention to stop him. As the Presidential nominee  makes his speech, Raymond instead takes his revenge and saves the country by shooting his mother and stepfather dead. He then commits suicide in front of Marco while wearing his Medal of Honor.'] [' Former dream architect Dominick "Dom" Cobb  and business partner Arthur  perform corporate espionage by using an experimental military-developed machine to infiltrate the subconscious of their targets and extract information while dreaming, their latest target being powerful Japanese businessman Saito . Tiered dream within a dream strategies are used and dreamers awaken by a sudden kick or by dying in the dream. However, if the dreamer is the one who dies, the dream "collapses". Each extractor carries a totem, a personalized small object whose behavior is only predictable to its owner, that serves the purpose of identifying dream-state or reality. Cobb\'s totem is a spinning top that perpetually spins in the dream state. The extraction fails due to Mallorie "Mal" Cobb , Cobb\'s deceased wife, whose memory projection sabotages the mission. Saito later reveals, after Cobb\'s and Arthur\'s associate  sells them out, that he was in fact auditioning the team to perform the difficult act of inception: implanting an idea or thought into a person\'s subconscious while they are asleep. Saito wishes to break up the energy conglomerate of his ailing competitor Maurice Fischer, by planting this idea in his son and heir Robert Fischer  to disintegrate his father\'s company. Should Cobb succeed, Saito would use his influence to clear a murder charge against him, so he can return to the U.S. and his children. Cobb accepts the offer and assembles his team: Eames, a conman and identity forger; Yusuf, a chemist who concocts the powerful sedative for a stable dream within a dream strategy; Ariadne, a young architecture student tasked with designing the labyrinth of the dream landscapes; and Arthur. Saito accompanies so that he knows whether or not Cobb and his team succeeded in their mission. When the elder Fischer dies in Sydney and his body is flown back to Los Angeles, the team share the flight with Robert Fischer and Cobb sedates him, bringing him into the shared dream. At each stage, the member of the team generating the dream stays behind to initiate the kick, while the other members sleep within the dream to travel a level deeper. In the first level, Yusuf\'s rainy downtown dream, the team abducts Fischer. However Fischer\'s antibody-like trained subconscious projections attack and severely wound Saito. Eames temporarily takes the appearance of Fischer\'s godfather, Peter Browning, to suggest Fischer reconsider his father\'s will. Yusuf drives the team in a van as they are sedated into Arthur\'s dream, a hotel, where the team recruit Fischer, convincing him his kidnapping was orchestrated by Browning. In the third dream level, a snowy mountain fortress dreamed by Eames, Fischer is told they are in Browning\'s subconscious, but they are, in fact, really going deeper into Fischer\'s. Yusuf, under assault by trained projections, initiates his kick too soon by driving off a bridge, sending Arthur\'s dream world into zero-gravity and causing an avalanche in Eames\' dream. Arthur is forced to improvise a new kick using an elevator that will be synchronized with the van hitting the water, while the team in Eames\' dream races to finish the job before the new round of kicks. Unbeknownst to the rest of the team, due to the effects of heavy sedation and multi-layered dreaming, death during this mission will result in entering Limbo, unconstructed dream space where the dreamer could be trapped indefinitely. Elapsed time in each dream level is, on average, roughly twenty times greater than in the level above it; in Limbo, the deepest level of all, 24 hours of outer-world time would be experienced as about half a century there. Cobb reveals to Ariadne that he spent "50 years" with Mal in Limbo constructing a world out of their shared memories whilst seemingly growing old together. After waking back into our outermost world, however, Mal remained convinced she was still dreaming and committed suicide, trying to persuade Cobb to do so by retroactively incriminating him in her death. He subsequently fled the U.S. and left his children behind, ostensibly in the care of his father-in-law. Saito finally succumbs to his wounds, and Cobb\'s projection of Mal sabotages the plan by killing Fischer, sending them both into limbo.Want to understand Inception? Read the screenplay!. Retrieved October 23, 2010. Cobb and Ariadne enter limbo to find Fischer and Saito, while Eames remains on his dream level to set up a kick by rigging the fortress with explosives. Cobb confronts his projection of Mal, who tries to convince him to stay in limbo. Cobb refuses and confesses that he was responsible for Mal\'s suicide: having convinced her to leave limbo by using inception to plant the idea in her mind that the world they had been living in for 50 years was not real, and hence the need to kill themselves in order to return to the real world, once back in the real world she continued to believe dying would wake her. Mal attacks Cobb but Ariadne shoots her. Through his confession, Cobb attains catharsis and chooses to remain in limbo to search for Saito. Ariadne kicks Fischer off a balcony, bringing him back up to the mountain fortress, where he enters a safe room to discover and accept the planted idea: that his father wishes him to be his own man and, accordingly, that splitting up the conglomerate might not be such a radical notion after all. All of the team members except Cobb and Saito ride the synchronized kicks back up to reality: Ariadne jumps off a balcony in limbo, Eames detonates the explosives in the fortress, Arthur blasts an elevator containing the team\'s sleeping bodies up an elevator shaft, and the van in Yusuf\'s dream hits the water. Saito, who is slowly dying on each level from the initial gun-shot wound, enters Limbo. Cobb eventually finds an aged Saito and the two remember their arrangement, presumably killing themselves and awakening to outer-world reality on the airplane. Saito honors the arrangement and Cobb passes through U.S. customs once the plane lands in Los Angeles. Just before reuniting with his children, Cobb tests reality with his spinning top, but he turns away to greet his children before observing the results. As he plays with his children the camera pans to the spinning top for the final shot, at which point the film abruptly ends.'] ['The film follows a beautiful but troubled young girl, Debbie Strand , placed in foster care with her estranged grandmother in Los Angeles after her mother and father die in a suspicious house fire. Her grandmother is an ultra-conservative fundamentalist Christian, who is convinced that she can undo years of Debbie\'s presumed hedonism with some "correctional therapy." Shortly thereafter she begins to abuse Debbie and forces her to wear demeaning and outdated clothes. Debbie soon becomes enthralled with Peter Rinaldi , an English teacher at her new high school. However, Peter has a fiancée named Marilyn and strong scruples, so he repeatedly rejects Debbie\'s advances. Before long, Peter finds that his life is ruined and the bodies are piling up. During the hectic climax, Debbie breaks into Marilyn\'s home with the intention of wiping her out. Peter soon realizes Debbie is there and is quickly on his way. Meanwhile, Debbie confronts Marilyn. Marilyn runs through the kitchen, but Debbie tackles her to the ground. After a brief scuffle, Debbie is too strong as she knocks the helpless Marilyn unconscious. As she attempts to murder her, Peter rushes in and saves the day.'] ["Tom Ripley  has been sent to Italy to persuade his wealthy friend, Philippe Greenleaf , to return to the United States and take over his father's business. Philippe intends to do no such thing, however, and the impoverished Tom enjoys living a life of luxury, so the two men essentially spend money all day and carouse all night. Tom is fixated on Philippe and his girlfriend Marge , and covets the other man's life. The spoiled, arrogant Philippe eventually grows bored with his friend's fawning and becomes cruel and abusive to him. The final straw is when, during a yachting trip, Philippe strands Tom in the dinghy and leaves him to lie in the sun for hours. Back on board, Tom hatches a plan to kill Philippe and steal his identity. First, he leaves evidence of Philippe's philandering for an outraged Marge to find. After Marge goes ashore, Philippe confronts Tom, who admits his plan quite casually. Philippe, believing it to be a joke, plays along and asks Tom for the plan's details. Suddenly frightened, Philippe offers Tom a substantial sum to leave him and Marge alone, but Tom states that he can obtain this sum anyway, and far more. At last pretending to accept his offer, Tom stabs Philippe to death as the latter screams Marge's name. He casts the body overboard and returns to port. Upon returning, Tom informs Marge that Philippe has decided to stay behind. He then goes traveling around the country using Philippe's name and bank account, even flawlessly mimicking his voice and mannerisms; in effect, Tom has become Philippe. When Philippe's suspicious friend, Freddie Miles , begins to suspect the truth, Tom murders him as well. Freddie's body is soon found and the Italian police inevitably get involved. However, Tom continues playing his charade, switching between his own identity and Philippe's, depending on what the situation demands. After carrying out an elaborate scheme to implicate Philippe in Freddie's murder, Tom forges a suicide note and a will, leaving the Greenleaf fortune to Marge. In the aftermath, Tom has survived a long string of close shaves, thrown the Italian police off his trail, and seems to have outwitted everybody. He even succeeds in seducing Marge, with whom he begins openly cohabiting. However, when Philippe's yacht is being moved into dry dock, his decomposed body is found still attached to the boat because the anchor cable used to sink his corpse had become tangled around the propeller. Tom is unknowingly called toward the police shortly thereafter; it is implied that he will be arrested."] ["On one side of town, a babysitter and the kids she is babysitting are brutally murdered. The police find that the murderer used his bare hands to tear them to shreds. The shot then changes to teenager Jill Johnson  who is going through a teenage crisis, having her boyfriend, Bobby , cheat on her with her best friend Tiffany , and going over 800 minutes on her cell phone, for which her dad, Ben , has her babysit for a wealthy family to pay the debt. The unfortunate timing causes Jill to miss out on a school bonfire which her friend, Scarlett , is attending. Jill arrives at the elaborate Mandrakis House, which has a greenhouse built in the center. The parents  show her around and give her their numbers, stating that they won't be back until midnight. As the kids are seen to be upstairs asleep, Jill soon begins to receive anonymous phone calls. Tiffany visits but Jill, fearing getting into further trouble, asks her to leave. However, tree branches knocked down by the storm outside block the road. When Tiffany gets out to move them, she is attacked by an unknown figure. The calls continue, each one becoming more alarming, suggesting she is being watched. Jill calls the police, who tell her they can trace the calls if she is able to keep him on the line for one minute. Whilst waiting for the caller to ring, Jill sees someone in the guesthouse. After seeing a light switch on, Jill quickly makes her way back to the house. The phone rings, after which the police hurriedly inform her that the calls are coming from inside the house. Jill finds Tiffany's dead body in the upstairs bathroom whilst investigating an active shower, and is soon attacked. She gets the kids and they run into the greenhouse. Jill finds the housemaid dead as the attacker breaks in. They quickly escape and Jill manages to lock the man inside the greenhouse, but he finds an exit and attacks Jill. There is a struggle and Jill manages to stab him in the hand with an iron poker, before rushing out of the house into the arms of a police officer. As the stranger is taken by the police, his face is shown by the moonlight. Jill awakens in the hospital and the phone rings. She lets it ring, worrying that the events will reoccur. She waits for a time then nervously picks up the phone. As she hears nothing and begins to place the phone down, the camera pans to her reflection in the mirror, revealing the stranger to be behind her. The man grabs Jill, who screams hysterically, waking up from her hallucination and finding herself still in the hospital. The film ends with the doctors desperately trying to stop her frantic panicking, leaving the viewer to wonder if the events cost Jill her sanity."] ["When documentary filmmaker Cooper Tilson and his wife Leah decide life in New York City has become unbearable, they and their children Kristen and Jesse move into a decaying mansion filled with the possessions of the previous family. They befriend local tavern owners Ray and Ellen Pinski and their daughter Stephanie. As Cooper begins to sort through the many documents and family photographs scattered throughout the house, he decides to commit its history to film. Converting the old building into their dream house becomes a nightmare for the Tilsons when previous owner Dale Massie, an uncouth redneck recently released from prison, shows up and pressures Cooper into hiring him to help with the renovations. While he initially proves to be a good worker, the underlying sense of menace he projects is unsettling. A series of terrifying incidents, including Cooper's being pursued by an unknown car, the sudden appearance of the poisonous snakes in the house, and the killing of the horse given to them by the Pinskis leads the Tilsons to research the estate's dark past. Hoping to glean some details about its history, Cooper visits Dale's aging and slightly demented father in the nursing home where he is living. Disjointed comments made by the elderly man lead Cooper to believe Dale murdered his wife and children, and he begins to search his {{convert}} property for their remains. Sheriff Annie Ferguson, sister of Dale's battered, slatternly girlfriend Ruby, is skeptical about Dale's guilt, but slowly comes to realize Cooper may be right. Cooper's suspicions are confirmed when he and Leah discover three skeletons in Devil's Throat, a deep well, hidden in the woods. Using a walkie talkie, he contacts Sheriff Ferguson, unaware she has been attacked and disabled by Dale, who punctures the tires on Cooper's truck and sets Leah's car on fire to prevent them from escaping. Trapping them in the house in the middle of a storm that has knocked out the electricity, he forces them to rely on their wits and physical prowess to save themselves. Dale finally corners Cooper and Leah on the roof after chasing them through the mansion. Dale, now raving mad, openly declares his insanity as well as his intent to kill them and throw them down the Devil's Throat like his family. However, the couple is able to turn the tables on their tormentor by charging him with a line of rope that knocks him off his feet. They quickly tie him down against a roof lantern before he can break free. Cooper then takes the killing tool and taunts Dale as Dale had done to him, before shattering the skylight, sending the screaming Dale to his death. The film then cuts to show that the bodies of Dale's family are now rightly entombed in the family graveyard at Cold Creek Manor and that Cooper and his family have finally attained their wanted peace."] ['A widow inherits a small fortune when her husband dies in a freak jet crash. However, before she can escape to a retreat with her secret lover the widow is brutally murdered and the money stolen. Now an insurance investigator and his journalist love interest must figure out exactly who is murdering anyone involved with the late widow and exactly what their vicious vendetta is.'] ['Maximillian "Max" Cohen , the story\'s protagonist and unreliable narrator, is a number theorist who believes that everything in nature can be understood through numbers. He is capable of doing simple arithmetic calculations involving large numbers in his head, a skill that impresses Jenna, a small girl with a calculator who lives in his apartment building. Max also suffers from cluster headaches, as well as extreme paranoia, hallucinations, and social anxiety disorder. Other than Devi , a woman living next door who sometimes speaks to him, Max\'s only social interaction is with Sol Robeson , his old mathematics mentor. Max begins making stock predictions based on the calculations of his computer, Euclid. In the middle of printing out its picks, Euclid suddenly crashes after spitting out a seemingly random 216-digit number, as well as a single pick at one-tenth its current value. Disgusted, Max tosses out the printout of the number. The next morning, he checks the financial pages and sees that the pick Euclid made was accurate. He searches desperately for the printout but cannot find it. Sol becomes unnerved when Max mentions the number, asking if it contained 216 digits. When Max questions him about the number, Sol indicates that he came across it many years ago. He urges Max to slow down and try taking a break. At a coffee shop, Max meets Lenny Meyer , a Hasidic Jew who coincidentally does mathematical research on the Torah. Lenny demonstrates some simple Gematria, the correspondence of the Hebrew alphabet to numbers, and explains how some people believe that the Torah is a string of numbers that form a code sent by God. Max takes an interest when he realizes that some of the number concepts Lenny discusses are similar to other mathematical concepts, such as the Fibonacci sequence. Max is also met by agents of a Wall Street firm that are interested in his work. One of the agents, Marcy Dawson, offers Max a classified computer chip called "Ming Mecca" in exchange for the results of his work, which Max eventually accepts. Using the chip, Max has Euclid analyze mathematical patterns in the Torah. Euclid spits out the 216-digit number before crashing again. When his computer refuses to print out the number, Max begins to write it down. Midway through the writing, Max realizes that he knows the pattern, undergoes a sudden epiphany, and passes out. Thereafter, Max appears to become clairvoyant and is able to visualize the stock market patterns he had been searching for. But his headaches also increase in intensity, and he discovers a strange vein-like bulge protruding from his right temple. Max has a falling out with Sol after the latter urges him to quit his work. Dawson and her agents grab Max on the street, and try to force him to explain the number. They had found the original printout and had been trying to use it to manipulate the stock market in their favor, but as a result, caused it to crash. Although Max is held at gunpoint, Lenny drives by and rescues him. However, Lenny and his companions make similar demands on Max to give them the number. They finally reveal their intentions: they believe the number was meant for them to bring about the messianic age, as the number represents the unspeakable name of God. Max refuses, insisting that whatever the source of the number is, it has been revealed to him alone. Max flees and tries to visit Sol, only to find that he has died. Max searches his house and finds mathematical scribblings similar to his own, eventually finding a piece of paper with the number. Driven to the brink of madness, Max experiences another headache and resists the urge to take his painkillers. Believing that the number and the headaches are linked, Max tries to concentrate on the number through the pain. After passing out, Max has a vision of himself standing in a white void and repeating the digits of the number. The vision ends with Max hugging Devi, who turns out to be an illusion. Max stands alone in his trashed apartment. Giving up, Max burns the paper with the number and performs an impromptu trepanning on himself in the right temple with a power drill to stop the madness. Later, Jenna, the little girl with the calculator, approaches Max in a park asking math problems. Max smiles and reveals that he doesn\'t know the answer to them. He observes the trees blowing in the breeze, at peace.'] ['In the midst of a party a reveler croons to the rest of the room and has his hair suddenly pulled off by a curious friend. The bald crooner then has a psychotic break and starts killing everyone. Jerry Zipkin , is wrongly accused of the murders, and tries to gather evidence to prove his innocence with the help of Alicia Sweeney . He discovers that 10 years prior, a group of college kids had taken a new form of LSD called "Blue Sunshine," which causes its users to lose their hair and become homicidal maniacs many years after their trip is over. Zipkin manages to defeat the crazed bodyguard of a local politician, and save the shopping mall discothèque by carefully remembering the advice of the gun shop employee.'] ["It's Corey Peterson's first day at Hallow End High School . He had moved to this small town with his mother due to a traumatic incident in his past. During his first day, he is approached by a fellow new arrival named Mason. His new friend warns Corey that a friend of Mason's, who had attended the school, has died. Mason warns Corey to stay away from the wrestler Perry and the people who follow him. After two students vanish, Corey attempts to consult with the principal, but gets nowhere. Corey and Mason then team up to get to the bottom of the mystery."] ['High school student Billy Colton  is spying on his sexy neighbor  one night when he witnesses her being murdered by a man in a robe and a demonic mask. Billy recognizes the man as his unpopular history teacher, but the police do not believe him because he has a history of pranks.'] ["The story moves through the lives of two fragile yet determined people and maps a private geography of love, loss and ultimate redemption. Josh leaves his advertising career at its peak, everyone wants either to be him or to have him. Then he walks away from it all, the money, recognition and the life. A car accident will leave his daughter suffering from 'locked-in' syndrome and when everyone has given up she starts communicating with him, or is he going mad?"] ["Claude Massoulier is murdered while hunting at the same place as Julien Vercel , an estate agent who knew him and whose fingerprints are found on Massoulier's car. As the police discover that Marie-Christine Vercel , Julien's wife, was Massoulier's mistress, Julien is the prime suspect. But his secretary, Barbara Becker , while not quite convinced he is innocent, defends him and leads her private investigations."] ['Bill Capa , a New York City psychoanalyst, falls into a deep depression after a patient commits suicide in front of him by jumping from his office window. The sight of the bloody body of his patient clad in a bright green dress causes Capa to suffer from psychosomatic color blindness, taking away his ability to see the color red. To restart his life, Capa travels to Los Angeles to stay with a friend, fellow therapist and best-selling author Dr. Bob Moore , who invites him to sit in on a group therapy session. But one night Moore is violently murdered in the office and Capa is plunged into the mystery of his friend\'s death. Moore would gather his patients every Monday for a discussion of their problems, and police detective Lt. Hector Martinez  considers them, and Capa, suspects in the murder. Capa continues to live in Moore\'s house and begins an affair with Rose , a mysterious girl who comes and goes without warning into his life. As relationships develop, Capa takes over Moore\'s patients and learns of their pasts and obsessions: * Clark  suffers from severe obsessive compulsive disorder and insists on cleanliness and counting things. This led him to beat up his wife. * Sondra Dorio  is a nymphomaniac and kleptomaniac. She stabbed her father with a knife and fork and one of her husbands died of unnatural causes. * Buck  is a suicidal ex-cop. The murder of his wife and daughter remains unsolved. * Casey Heinz ([[Kevin J. O\'Connor  is the arrogant son of a wealthy man. He paints sado-masochist works of art and once burned down his father\'s house. * Richie is a 16-year-old with a stutter and a gender identity problem. He wants to be a woman and has a history of drug use. Soon, one of these patients is violently murdered, and Capa himself becomes the target of several attempts on his life. He also discovers that all but one of his patients have been romantically involved with Rose. This leads to a twist ending: "Richie" is really Rose, and the murders have been committed by her deranged brother Dale . They actually had a brother named Richie who was molested by a child psychiatrist named Niedelmeyer. Richie committed suicide and, unable to cope with the loss, Dale forced Rose to play the part of their brother. Dale &mdash; who was also one of Niedelmeyer\'s victims &mdash; began abusing Rose until she actually became "Richie". When "Richie" was arrested for drug possession, "he" was forced into therapy. Rose soon started to re-emerge and, under another personality, "Bonnie," started relationships with other members of the group. Dale proceeded to kill them, fearing that they would soon link Rose to "Richie". When Capa confronts Rose and Dale over this, Dale tries to kill him but is instead killed by Rose. Deeply traumatized, she tries to commit suicide but Capa is able to stop her, bookending the story with two suicide attempts &mdash; one at the beginning, resulting in Capa\'s loss of color vision, and one at the end, thwarted and resulting in his regaining it.'] ['Patrick and his girlfriend Megan meet up with their childhood friends, Ryan and Sean. Sean  is portrayed by stunning child actor Richie Hicks. Hicks evocative and moving acting is simply brilliant. His performance of young Sean is mesmerizing. Ryan is a hothead who constantly torments Patrick, while Sean is more interested in flirting with Megan than catching up with friends. They have met again in order to experiment with new pills called “Blue and Whites” that cause instant amnesia at the stroke of midnight. Patrick is hesitant to partake, but he eventually gives in to peer pressure. The four friends meet a crazy, gun-wielding drug dealer at a local bar and proceed to take the pills. Out on the streets, the friends pull childish pranks without guilt and reflect on the past, mapping out the events and changes that have shaped them into the people they have become. Patrick becomes increasingly upset with the actions of his friends during the evening, and the uncontrolled promiscuity of his girlfriend feeds his jealousy and paranoia. The animal desires and loose inner demons of the friends eventually take over what was intended to be a night devoid of consequence.Film Website'] ['Attempting suicide, sultry but down-on-her-luck swindler Liz  is rescued by lonely tow truck driver Aiden . But instead of rushing her to the hospital, Liz’s savior abducts her to his remote farmhouse, convinced that she is the wife who abandoned him years earlier. Cut off from civilization, kept prisoner and guarded day and night by vicious attack dogs, Liz realizes she must rely on her skills as a con artist to talk her way out of this hostage situation. In the satiric tradition of Misery, Buffalo 66, Secretary and Black Snake Moan comes this captivating black comedy about the ties that bind.'] ['Detective Sgt. Walter Brown  is assigned to protect a mob boss\'s widow, Mrs. Frankie Neall , as she rides a train from Chicago to Los Angeles to testify before a grand jury. Brown, on the way to meet her, expresses his contempt for Mrs. Neall to his longtime partner and friend Gus Forbes : "She\'s the sixty cent special. Cheap. Flashy. Strictly poison under the gravy." As the detectives and Mrs. Neall leave her apartment, they are waylaid by a mob assassin named Densel. Forbes is shot to death, and the gunman escapes. At the train station, Brown discovers that he has been followed by gangsters Joseph Kemp  and the genteel Vincent Yost , who unsuccessfully tries to bribe him. Brown\'s relationship with Mrs. Neall is caustic. She is cynical and flashy, constantly flirting with him while doubting his integrity and commitment to protecting her. Brown makes friends with an attractive passenger he meets by chance, Ann Sinclair , and her too-observant young son Tommy . However, Kemp spots them together and thinks that Sinclair is the target. When he confronts Kemp and gets into a fight with him, Brown learns of the mistake. He turns Kemp over to overweight railroad agent Sam Jennings  and hurries to warn Mrs. Sinclair. However, she has a surprise for him - she is really Mrs. Neall. The other woman is a decoy named Sarah Meggs. Meanwhile, Jennings is knocked out by Kemp\'s more-dangerous associate Densel , the assassin who killed Brown\'s partner, and Kemp is freed. The gangsters enter Brown\'s compartment and kill Meggs. Then Densel goes for Mrs. Neall. He is cornered in a locked compartment with her, with Brown outside. Brown uses the reflection from the window of a train on the next track to shoot Densel through the door, then enters the compartment and finishes him off. Kemp jumps off the stopped train, but is quickly arrested.'] ["Ellen Carson  is a real estate agent who inadvertently cuts off a delivery truck driver while changing lanes on the freeway to hurry home. The truck driver turned out to be a disturbed man named Eddie Madden , who proceeded to chase after Ellen in an effort to run her off the road. Ellen in fear calls the 1-800 number on the back of his truck and lodges a complaint, which causes Eddie to lose his job, and he  sets out to destroy Ellen's family and soon becomes fixated on Ellen and her teenage stepdaughter Cynthia  and plots to have them as replacement family, by removing the head of the house, Ellen's husband and Cynthia's father Jim Carson ."] ['{{Plot}} Middle school teacher Anna Taylor  is unhappy with her life. She has a selfish, unloving mother, Beatrice , and a boyfriend, Paul Coleman , who cannot seem to figure her out. A corpse is in the process of being prepared for a funeral; the man preparing the corpse speaks to it mysteriously, but cheerily. He takes a photo, and the scene fades. Anna is introduced along with Paul, as they finish having sex. She appears unaffected and cold, while he is frustrated with her lack of interest. Later, after school, a young boy she teaches, Jack , asks her as she is leaving to the funeral, if he could come along. He says his mother, who had neglected to pick him up from school, would not mind. Confused, she attempts to explain that funerals are a personal occasion. Jack offers that he has never been to a funeral before, but she insists it would be inappropriate. The funeral is revealed to be for her recently deceased music teacher, the corpse from the initial scene. There, Anna encounters the solemn owner of the funeral home, Eliot Deacon . One night, Anna meets Paul for dinner, not realizing he is going to propose to her and ask her to move to Chicago with him for a job promotion. Paul begins ambiguously, so Anna assumes the worst. Before Paul has a chance to explain, she panics, thinking he\'s breaking up with her. After a short argument in the restaurant, Anna storms out and drives off passionately. She has an accident while trying to use her cell phone and drive in the rain, while a mysterious white Van is seen on the road alongside. Anna wakes up dazed, confused and numb. She finds the morgue director, Eliot, cleaning her wound and telling her she has died. He appears frustrated with her, explaining that all dead people claim to be alive just because they, "breathe and piss and shit." He tells her he has a gift, to assist the dead crossing over; to help them accept their deaths. Later in the funeral home, Eliot is revealed to have a collection of photographs of corpses, it is implied that he helped each to cross over, and speaks to them, implying a level of mental instability. Unwilling to accept her potential death, Anna clings onto life. Eliot injects her regularly with a chemical to "relax the muscles and keep rigor mortis from setting in." Paul, unable to fully accept her death, asks Eliot if he could see her one last time; however, Eliot cannot, by law, show the body to anyone but family. Paul becomes quite angry, but leaves. Attempting to gain access to her, he pleads with friends in the police, who are sympathetic but unwilling. Anna is revealed not to have been taken to a hospital, rather pronounced dead at the scene and shipped to the funeral home. At an unknown funeral service, Eliot encounters Jack. They speak for a moment, during which Jack admits he had thought the funeral had been for Anna. As she still grapples with the concept of her own death, Anna attempts to escape several times but is unsuccessful; Eliot tells her she must let go of life, she had not really been living anyway. Eventually, she steals Eliot\'s keys, escapes, and finds a room with a phone, intent on calling Paul for help. Paul is unable to hear her properly and hangs up thinking it\'s a prank. Anna finally accepts she\'s dead, when Eliot allows her to look at herself in the mirror. She is horrified to find she looks like a corpse. Peculiarly, she leaves fog on the mirror from her breathing, which Eliot quickly wipes away with a handkerchief before she can see. Outside, Eliot spots Jack, gazing up at Anna. In a scene in his home, Jack\'s apparently negligent mother is shown to be sitting with a grotesque appearance, staring at the television set. At school he tells Paul he saw Anna, which sends Paul into a rage, hitting the boy. Upon confronting Eliot, Jack is told he has the same gift: the ability to see those between life and death as they really are. Eliot tells the boy that the first person he saw was his mother, alluding to Jack\'s ambiguously stoic mother. Over time, Paul becomes ever more paranoid as to whether or not Anna really is dead; he becomes suspicious of Eliot. During the final preparation for the funeral, Anna asks Eliot if she can see herself one last time in the mirror. Eliot holds up a small mirror, but while she stares at herself, she exhales and notices her breath condensing on the glass. Suddenly concerned that Eliot has been lying to her, she begins to believe she has been alive all along. Disappointed that she had come so close to accepting her death yet failed, Eliot grimly injects her one last time with chemicals to make her numb. It is seen that Eliot is in fact injecting Anna with Hydronium Bromide, a chemical mentioned earlier as being able to induce conditions that mimic death. In the graveyard while digging Anna\'s grave with Jack, Eliot explains that there are many corpses walking around with "no life left inside them," and because only they can see them, it is their responsibility to help them into the grave. It is never fully revealed whether this is metaphorical or literal, yet Jack at least appears to take it very literally. A particularly sickly little chick he is instructed to look after as a school assignment, is finally put into a paper box makeshift coffin and buried alive by the boy in order to spare it the pain of living "without truly living" . After the funeral, Paul drinks alcohol heavily, telling Eliot he knew Anna was not dead. Anna is shown awakening to the sound of earth being shoveled onto her coffin. She cries out as she struggles against death, desperately scratching the satin lining of her coffin lid until her fingers are bloody. As she slowly dies of suffocation, Eliot offers that Paul should go to the cemetery and find out whether Anna is actually dead or not, before it\'s too late. Paul rushes to the cemetery, driving too fast and under the influence of alcohol. There is another ambiguous cut before he is shown to have dug up Anna\'s grave, to find her alive. They embrace and Anna tells him "she has always loved him." As they hug, Paul is curious about some rather unusual sounds he hears; Anna explains it\'s the sound of Eliot\'s gloves and scissors on the table as he prepares Paul\'s body. Paul sees Anna literally disappear from his embrace, then sees the bright flash of headlights by the cemetery. A moment later, he finds himself in the funeral home with Eliot preparing his body. He says he saw Anna, but Eliot tells him he never made it to the cemetery due to a car accident that killed him. Paul claims just as vehemently as Anna that he is not dead, as they begin preparing his body, protesting that he is alive until the moment Eliot inserts the trocar deeply into Paul\'s torso, an act which very obviously ends his life.'] ['The film offers a glimpse into the female psyche. It tells the story of Srinivasan, a young architect, who is happy when he gets a good job and a beautiful girlfriend, Tara. But then an accident leaves him totally scarred. Tara leaves him and Srinivas, now shattered and sans his confidence, withdraws into a shell. Then he meets the beautiful Ragini who is willing to accept him in spite of his sinister appearance. They get married, but after a while, doubts creeps up in the mind of Srinivasan about the true identity of this woman, where he is confused whether this woman is human. From there the story develops.'] ['Kevin Lomax, a defense attorney in Gainesville, Florida, has never lost a case. He defends a schoolteacher, Mr. Gettys, against a charge of child molestation. During the trial, Kevin realizes that his client is guilty, and a reporter tells him that a guilty verdict is all but inevitable. However, through a harsh cross-examination Kevin destroys the credibility of the victim, Barbara, and secures another not guilty verdict. As he celebrates, Kevin is approached by a representative of the New York law firm Milton, Chadwick & Waters, who offers him a large sum of money to help the firm with a jury selection. After Kevin\'s jury delivers a not guilty verdict, John Milton  offers him a large salary and a swanky apartment if he joins the firm. Despite warnings from his Evangelical Christian mother, Alice, about sinful big city life, Kevin accepts the job and moves with his wife Mary Ann to Manhattan. Kevin first defends a Voodoo sorcerer, Phillipe Moyez, who ritually sacrificed an animal. He compares the incident to kashrut law and claims that his client is protected under freedom of religion, winning the case. Kevin spends an increasing amount of time at work, leaving Mary Ann feeling isolated. Kevin\'s mother visits briefly, and tells Kevin she wants to take Mary Ann back to Gainesville after seeing her mental state; however, Kevin refuses to let her take Mary Ann. Kevin next defends Alexander Cullen, a billionaire accused of murdering his wife, his child and a maid. This case demands more of Kevin\'s time, further separating him from Mary Ann. He begins having fantasies about co-worker Christabella Andreoli, while Mary Ann shows signs of mental illness. Mary Ann claims that the wives of the other partners at the firm are demons after she sees their faces become demonic while trying on clothing with them. She also claims that someone has stolen her ovaries and can no longer get pregnant after having a dream where a baby plays with her ovaries and then becomes covered in blood. Milton suggests that Kevin step down from the trial, but Kevin refuses. Eddie Barzoon, the firm\'s managing attorney, is convinced that Kevin is competing for his job after finding his name in the company papers as a partner. Although Kevin denies any knowledge, Barzoon threatens to inform the United States Attorney\'s office about the situation. Kevin tells Milton about Barzoon\'s threats, but Milton is unconcerned, sarcastically dismissing Barzoon as "God\'s special little creature". At that moment, Barzoon is beaten to death by vagrants, who take on demonic appearances. Mary Ann witnesses this, further eroding her sanity. While preparing Cullen\'s mistress Melissa to testify about Cullen\'s alibi, Kevin realizes she is lying and tells Milton he believes Cullen is guilty. Milton offers to back Kevin regardless. Kevin decides to proceed with her testimony and wins an acquittal. After the trial, Kevin finds Mary Ann in a nearby church, naked and covered with cuts. She tells her husband that Milton raped and mutilated her, but Kevin saw Milton in court with him at the time of the alleged attack; he believes that Mary Ann injured herself, and has her committed. Kevin is approached by U.S. Attorney Weaver with knowledge of the law firm\'s illegal activities. Although Kevin tries walking away, he stops when Weaver tells him that Gettys was found with a dead girl in his car trunk. Following Kevin, Weaver walks into the street and is run over by a car. Alice and Pam, Kevin\'s case manager at the firm, visit Mary Ann. Alone with Mary Ann, Pam appears as a demon through a mirror. Mary Ann attacks Pam with the mirror and locks herself in the room. As Kevin tries to break down the door, Mary Ann takes a piece of broken glass from the mirror and cuts her throat with it, killing herself. Before he can mourn, Alice reveals that Milton is Kevin\'s father. Kevin leaves the hospital to confront Milton, who gleefully admits to raping Mary Ann. Kevin fires a pistol into Milton\'s chest, but the bullets have no effect. Kevin realizes that Milton is not only his father, but also Satan himself. Kevin blames Milton for everything that happened, but Milton explains that he merely "set the stage", and that Kevin could have left at any time. Kevin realizes that he always wanted to win, no matter the cost, and left Mary Ann behind. Milton explains that he wants Kevin and Christabella, who is Kevin\'s half-sister, to conceive a child: the Antichrist. He offers Kevin anything that he wants. However, when he asks about love and Milton dismisses it as overrated, Kevin rejects his Satanic heritage, cites free will and shoots himself in the head, ruining Milton\'s plan. Kevin wakes up during the recess of the Gettys trial. After embracing Mary Ann, Kevin announces that he can no longer represent his client, despite the threat of being disbarred. A reporter follows Kevin and Mary Ann, pleading for an interview and promising to make Kevin a star. After some prodding from Mary Ann, Kevin reluctantly agrees. After Kevin and Mary Ann leave, the reporter shapeshifts into a grinning Milton. Breaking the fourth wall, he says, "Vanity &mdash; definitely my favorite sin."'] ["Myra Hudson  is a successful Broadway playwright who rejects Lester Blaine  as the lead in her new play. Later, she meets Lester on a train bound for San Francisco, is swept off her feet, and, after a brief courtship, marries him. Lester learns that Myra is writing her will and plans to leave the bulk of her fortune to a foundation. He plots her murder in cahoots with Irene Neves , an old girlfriend hiding in the wings. Myra discovers their plans and concocts a diabolical scheme to kill Lester and place the blame on Irene, but cannot bring herself to go through with it. Lester learns of Myra's intention and accidentally kills Irene and himself in an attempt on Myra's life. Myra hears the two pronounced dead and breathes a sigh of relief."] ["Jack, a grad student who has a history of mental illness can not get over the death of his father. Jack decides to take over his father's business. After receiving an anonymous tip that his father was murdered, he tries to put together the murder scheme. Soon after, he settles on his Uncle Carl as the prime suspect. At the same time, he realizes that his life is in danger."] ["Depardieu's character is Onoff, a famous writer who is now a recluse. The Inspector  is suspicious when Onoff is brought into the station one night, disoriented and suffering a kind of amnesia. As the head of an isolated, rural police station the Inspector tries to establish events through careful interrogation and deduction. By painstaking inquiry, he clears up a mysterious killing and brings the writer a new and strange realisation."] ['A concentration camp survivor named Samuel Berg , a preternaturally lucky fellow, runs a European casino. One of his workers is Federico , a man who "steals" other people\'s luck merely by laying a hand on them. When Samuel Berg has a falling out with Federico and takes away his powers, Federico sets out to find the luckiest man alive , the lone survivor of a plane crash, in order to use his powers to overpower Samuel Berg in the one game he has never lost: Russian roulette. Federico takes his partner through a series of tests in order to confirm his abilities. In the process, they approach the tightening circle of underground chance games that will eventually lead them both, and a female cop on their heels, to a final showdown with Samuel Berg.'] ['Ezra Cobb lives with his mother in an unidentified region of the Midwest. His mother, a religious fanatic, has indoctrinated him since childhood to hate women. Upon her death, Ezra digs her up again, believing that she is still alive. Ever more deluded each passing day, Ezra digs up various bodies, restoring them from their decomposition and even using them as home decor. Soon, Ezra\'s obsessions go beyond the dead themselves, and he becomes a serial killer. Luring women into his grasp, he soon finds various other "creative" ways in which to decorate his home.'] ['Dennis Skinner is a likeable decent-looking lad, who is driven by a disturbing childhood; moonlights as a skid row slasher style, serial killer who tends to prey on hookers, in-between those co-workers of his who despise him as he does in return. Who punishes those  in particular, by flaying his victims alive. On his trail is Heidi, a junkie prostitute, who survived one of his brutal attacks and now strives for revenge.'] ["Erica  spends her nights trawling the bars and beds of Austin. Emotionally withdrawn, her only form of human contact is a series of one-night stands, until she meets the mysterious Nate , who claims to have been honorably discharged from service in Iraq. Despite his air of danger, Nate’s the only man who seems to want her company for more than sex, and the two form a hesitant bond. But one of Erica’s casual sexual encounters, Franki  &mdash; a young, hot-headed wannabe rock star &mdash; is about to return dramatically into her life.SXSW 2010: Simon Rumley's Red, White And Blue Gets Bloody In First Teaser!"] ['Part of a secret government eugenics project, crazed biochemistry professor John Saxon committed terrible crimes on his college campus in the late 1960s before one of his colleagues burned the college to put a deadly end to his spree. Saxon is presumed dead, but a series of murders twenty years later raises questions of whether he has somehow managed to return. In actuality, Saxon\'s drug experiments have turned him into a superhuman. Having teleported himself to safety during the fire, he has been living underground continuing his experiments. With an injection, he is able to turn people into mutants who will follow his will. With the help of his zombie-like army, Saxon plans to access his stores of his "Nietzsche Drug" in the catacombs beneath the campus. Standing against him are three people: a psychic, a reporter and a woman who has already survived one supernatural attack. The psychic determines that she herself must take the Nietzsche Drug so she can face the mad professor and his mutant slaves.allmovie ((Hellmaster'] ['After a year of marriage, Edward "Teddy" Bare  kills his wealthy older wife, Monica , after she asks her lawyer, Phillip Mortimer , to make a will. He stages it to look as if she was accidentally asphyxiated while drunkenly trying to light a gas heater. To his chagrin, he discovers that she actually intended to leave him all her money; instead, he only inherits the mansion from a prior will, while her millions are left in trust to her only relative, her sister Dora. Edward will receive the money if Dora dies. An inquest rules it an accident, but Phillip makes it clear he suspects Edward. When Edward asks where Dora lives, Phillip tells him she is too far away, in Jamaica. Edward manages to marry lower-class but well-off widow Freda Jeffries . She is more her husband\'s age, and much less trusting than her predecessor, keeping tight control of her fortune. As the death of a second spouse so soon after the first would be highly suspicious, he is powerless to do anything. The couple become acquainted with Charlotte Young , who is looking for a house to purchase for an equestrian school. As Edward was an estate agent before he married Monica, he shows her around, making Freda jealous. However, all is not as it seems. When they are alone, Edward not only reveals that he knows that Charlotte is actually Dora, he boldly admits killing her sister. Suspicious that he is trying to make her leave for some reason, she remains where she is. Eventually, however, Freda returns home and escorts Charlotte to the door. After she drives away, Edward tells Freda that he killed Monica, secure in the knowledge that a wife cannot be made to testify against her husband, and that he expects to inherit Charlotte\'s money shortly, as he has tampered with the brakes on her car. He is shocked when Phillip enters the room, having heard his confession, followed by his intended victim. She had returned to the house after meeting the lawyer at the estate\'s gate. Edward flees in his car, but the entrance is blocked by Charlotte\'s and Phillip\'s automobiles. With Phillip running after him, Edward switches to another vehicle, only to realize too late that he has taken Charlotte\'s. He is killed when he loses control and drives off a cliff.'] ['The story follows five contestants who agree to take part in a reality webcast. The rules are simple: "Spend 6 months in a house for $1 MILLION. If someone leaves, everyone loses!" With the end of the 6 months nearing, the tension between contestants Matt , Emma , Charlie , Danny ([[Stephen O\'Reilly  and Rex  is at a high level. Instead of their regular food deliveries, packages containing things like a gun, champagne or a letter, that tells one contestant a family member has died, arrive. One day, a man named Travis Patterson  arrives and claims he was lost in the woods. Travis seems completely oblivious to the cameras in the house and the contestants are puzzled to find out he doesn’t recognize them, even though he says he lives on the internet. That night however, Travis sneaks around the house and talks directly into the camera, communicating with whoever is watching them. Later while taking a walk outside, Danny discovers Travis\' backpack covered in blood and shred to pieces. The contestants assume he was attacked by an animal but Rex believes Travis works for the people running their show. He says it is just a trick to make them panic and leave, which would mean a forfeit of prize money. After this is taken into consideration, the house guests instead plea to the cameras and their viewers to call for help. The group tries to continue with their daily routines. Emma discovers her underwear, which Travis stole, among Danny’s belongings and confronts him. Although he denies stealing them, Emma refuses to believe him and later mocks him with Charlie, which Danny overhears. The next morning the group finds Danny dead, hanging from a balcony with a rope around his neck. At this point the house guests no longer care about their prize money and decide to use the emergency radio to call for help. After not being able to contact someone via radio they decide to wait until the next morning, when a helicopter is scheduled to retrieve them for staying in the house for the required amount of time to win. Rex uses a GPS unit found in Travis\' bag and his laptop computer to gain access to the internet to find out more about the show they\'re participating in. He gathers the remaining house guests and they all retreat to a room where cameras and microphones are supposedly not allowed. Rex reveals to his other roommates that he hasn\'t been able to find a single thing about their show. No advertisement or even mention of it appears anywhere on the internet, the only thing he could find regarding their show was a heavily encrypted beta site. Rex explains that he tried every hacking trick he knows and still cannot gain access. The group realizes that the subscribers are paying more than $50,000 to see the website. Rex then brings up the possibility of this being a snuff film. Unexpectedly the encrypted site gives the house guests access to a page displaying their pictures and odds with Danny‘s pictured shaded another color, representing his death. The screen then shows a live video of them, sitting in the supposedly camera-free room. The contestants then gather weapons to assure their safety. Rex searches through Travis\' backpack again and finds a flare and sets it off on the roof in the hopes that someone nearby will see it and come to help. While giving Charlie a massage, Matt suddenly talks to a camera, asking if he should kill her now. He then suffocates her using a plastic bag, revealing he is part of the show. Later, Matt kills Rex by chopping his head off with an axe. He then fires a single shot from his gun while running upstairs, telling Emma he was chased and hides with her in the attic. After trying to make a move on Emma and she refuses, Matt attacks her and chases her around the house. She manages to get a hold of the gun and shoots him, just as a car approaches the house. Emma gets out of the house to find a cop  waiting outside. The officer asks Emma if she was the one who set off the flare. Emma is terror stricken, and tries to tell him that people are dead and Matt is after her. She pleads with the officer to not go into the house. The cop handcuffs Emma and places her into his car. While in the car Emma is seen being is filmed. As the injured Matt comes out of house and screams that he wants to kill her, Emma gets out of the car and runs away. The cop then shoots her in the back with a rifle. Later, Matt and the cop are seen drinking champagne together. The cop reveals that he set all this up by himself, along with Travis Patterson, and very rich clients who pay a high fee to watch the murders. Emma is revealed to be alive, trapped in a small room. Just as Matt observes the captured Emma, the cop shoots him in the head, calling Travis over the radio who says that next time, he gets to be the cop. Emma, who witnessed all this, falls to the ground screaming in terror, her picture being broadcast over the internet.'] ['The film opens at Mercy Falls, an English children\'s hospital which is closing down. Only eight patients remain, waiting to be transferred. One of the patients, Maggie, whom we later learn is an orphan suffering from cystic fibrosis, tells the night nurse, Susan, that she has seen "her" again. An annoyed Susan tells Maggie to return to bed. Just then, Simon, another patient, shrieks in pain as his leg is broken. Susan and Dr. Robert cannot find a reason for this, though, since the child was found lying in bed. Just as a second x-ray of the leg is being taken, Simon\'s leg is broken again. Susan quits the job, frightened by all she has seen. Amy Nicholls, an American nurse, arrives at the hospital to replace Susan. Amy learns that the elevator no longer goes up to the second floor, a ward that has not been used since 1959. Her colleague Helen Perez introduces her to the eight children. Maggie tells her about a ghost who haunts the hospital named Charlotte, whom she calls "the mechanical girl", and communicates through some toy blocks. Strange things occur throughout Amy\'s first night at Mercy Falls, but she tries to remain calm, and asks Roy, the caretaker, about Charlotte. Roy mentions that other children throughout the years have mentioned the ghost as well. The next day, Amy and young Simon get stuck in the elevator, which takes them up to the second floor. After a bit of a struggle, Roy manages to help them out. A startled Amy begins to ask more questions about the second floor. She mentions it to Mrs. Folder, the hospital\'s director, but is told to forget about it. Amy decides to ask Maggie about Charlotte again. Strange things continue happening throughout the night, and Amy decides to dig deeper into this mystery. Amy visits Susan\'s home to ask her if she knew anything, but learns from a priest at the house that Susan had died the day before in a car accident. The priest mentions that he\'d noticed something troubling Susan and that she\'d sought help from two women. Amy visits them and learns more about the afterlife. The women tell her that ghosts stay close to what they love and that the living world and the afterlife are separate. They tell her only those close to death can glimpse ghosts. They believe there is an evil presence in the hospital and warn Amy. Back at Mercy Falls, the children watch Sleeping Beauty, and Amy tells Helen and Mrs. Folder about Susan\'s death. After the movie, Amy and Maggie talk about love and kisses. Amy asks Roy to show her the files of the other children who\'d mentioned Charlotte. Later that day, when Roy tries to pack the dice  he is attacked by something and is killed. Amy decides to go up to the second floor, through a ceiling door that she is shown by Maggie. There, she finds an old photograph which shows a girl in a wheelchair posing with a nurse, and a film-reel which shows this girl at a medical treatment of osteogenesis imperfecta. On the back of the photograph is written "Charlotte and Mandy, 1959." Amy is startled when she thinks she sees the mechanical girl and rushes out of the second floor. Using Roy\'s projector, she and Dr. Robert view the film. Robert tells her the disease Charlotte suffered from was very painful, a sickness that causes the patient\'s bones to be very, very susceptible to fractures. The treatment for it  was primitive and barbaric. Doctors had built a metal frame for Charlotte to wear, a mechanical frame that was connected to tubes implanted throughout the child\'s body. Amy now believes Charlotte is the angry and uncontrollable ghost of the little girl. She warns Helen and Robert to get the children ready to leave and goes to find help. She finds Mrs. Folder, who calls for help and drives Amy back to the hospital. Folder tells her that she is wrong - Charlotte wasn\'t the name of the little girl in the photo, but the name of the nurse. The nurse had become obsessed with Mandy, the osteogenesis sufferer. She\'d begun to purposely break the girl\'s bones and eventually murdered the child. She then put on the child\'s frame and jumped into the elevator shaft, killing herself. Amy realizes that what Charlotte wants is the children, that is why she still remains in the hospital. Amy knows the ghost will not let the children leave without hurting them. She arrives at the hospital, which is now falling apart because of Charlotte\'s rage, and, with the help of the rest of the adults, keeps the children inside, preventing Charlotte from becoming angrier. As help arrives, Amy realizes that everything is suddenly calm, and Mrs. Folder says that Maggie is missing. Amy goes up to the second floor to save Maggie from Charlotte and gets badly hurt in the process. The two make it back down to the first floor. Charlotte stands there with an angry expression, satisfied that she has hurt Maggie and Amy. Maggie dies in Amy\'s arms soon after. Amy tells Robert that she\'s meant to die too, since she saw the ghost. Amy is saved at the last minute, though, after receiving a love kiss from Maggie\'s ghost. The movie ends with Amy waking up in a different, significantly less haunted hospital and an elderly dying man seeing Maggie\'s ghost sitting by Amy\'s bedside.'] [' A flashback shows how Ellen met George in a naval hospital during World War II while she was dating his friend, Lieutenant Ranney Grahame , a young military doctor whose busy schedule left little time for her. George was a pilot and Ellen swiftly fell in love with him, although the flashback strongly hints he had some capacity for arrogance and selfishness. Nevertheless, they soon married and after the war wound up in a leafy suburban Los Angeles neighbourhood. Unhappily, George is now confined to his bed with heart problems, there is a heat wave and Ellen is spending most her time caring for him. George\'s doctor is their old friend Ranney, with whom George thinks his wife is having an affair. In response, Ranney suggests George may need psychological help. After Ellen tells her bedridden husband she dreams of having children, he becomes angry. Meanwhile George has written a letter to the district attorney in which he claims his wife and best friend are killing him with overdoses of medicine for his heart. A little neighbour boy dressed as a movie cowboy and warding cap pistols  befriends the childless Ellen, who gives him cookies. He hands her a toy  television set and asks Ellen to give it to George, which she does whilst serving her husband lunch in bed. He tells her an unsettling story about how as a child he had beaten a neighbour boy with a rake until he drew blood. Thinking the thick letter has something to do with insurance, Ellen gives it to the postman , who sees George in the upstairs bedroom window. When Ellen rushes up to find out why he has gotten out of bed, George lets her know what the letter says and who it is addressed to. George pulls a gun and is about to kill her when he drops dead on the bed. In her narration she describes George\'s death as "one of those awful dreams." Ellen panics over the letter and as noted by a reviewer over 50 years later, throughout the film\'s second half seems "much more concerned with absolving herself from the blame of his death than missing her spouse."<ref nameOctober 2012}}'] ['Ten people are promised a dream job that pays 112,000 Yen  per hour, no experience or qualifications necessary. They are then taken to a remote underground complex and locked up, in a murderous game that will last for seven days.{{Cite web}}'] ["Chicago air traffic controller Jack Harris , though cleared of responsibility for a major Transair crash which had killed all 174 aboard, gives up the job to instead design air control software. Five years later, his ex-colleague T.C. Bryant , meanwhile also transferred to Phoenix, desperately asks him to help out short-term, given desperate staff shortage on New Year's Eve with a bad storm predicted, after a power cut hits. Colleagues welcome him in very different states of mind but he quickly proves his capabilities."] ['The film opens in a Montreal apartment, where a woman named Lisa  waits for an old man to sew bags of heroin into the cloth body of an old-fashioned doll. As she leaves the apartment with the doll, we see the man watching her leave, then dialing someone on the phone. Lisa takes the doll with her on an airline flight to New York City, but when, on disembarking, she sees a man watching her, she becomes worried and gives the doll for safekeeping to a man she\'d spoken with on the plane, professional photographer Sam Hendrix . The man who\'d been watching Lisa then roughly escorts her away. Later, when Lisa calls Sam to ask for the doll, Sam and his wife are unable to find it. Some time afterward, small-time con artist Mike Talman  and his partner Carlino  arrive at the basement apartment where Sam lives with his wife Susy , who is blind. The two men watch until both the apartment\'s occupants have left, then enter. The con men have an appointment with Lisa, who\'d been their partner in crime prior to the recent imprisonment of both, but they are met instead by Harry Roat, Jr. , whom the audience recognizes as the man who watched and met Lisa at the airport. After discovering Lisa\'s body hanging in a garment bag, Talman and Carlino want to make a quick exit, but Roat points out that they have left their fingerprints all over the apartment, while he has worn gloves. Roat is then able to prevail upon the two to help him dispose of Lisa\'s body--he\'d caught her going into business for herself, he explains--and to help him try to find the heroin-stuffed doll. Later that day, Susy\'s neighbor leaves for the weekend, and Sam leaves for a business trip the next morning. Once Susy is alone, the criminals begin an elaborate con game: In order to gain entry into the apartment, Talman poses as a friend of Sam\'s, Carlino poses as a policeman, and Roat poses first as an old man and then as the man\'s son. Using first an innocuous story about Sam and the doll, then a darker one implying that Lisa has been murdered and that Sam will be suspected, the men persuade Susy to help them find the doll. Talman gives her the number for the phone booth across the street as his own after falsely warning her of a police car stationed outside. During this time, Susy has grown suspicious of Carlino and Roat, and Gloria , a girl who lives upstairs and is paid by the couple to help Susy with errands, has been going in and out of the apartment, sometimes without Susy\'s noticing that she is there. After Talman leaves, Gloria sneaks into the apartment carrying the doll, which she stole some time earlier. She tells Susy there is no police car outside, and Susy discovers the doll. Wanting to confirm her suspicions about Carlino and Roat, Susy tells Gloria to go home and watch the phone booth. If a man goes into it, Gloria is to phone Susy, let the phone ring twice, and hang up. Gloria tells Susy she can signal her by banging on the pipes. On Carlino\'s next visit, after he calls Roat at the phone booth, Gloria sends Susy the telephone signal, and she sends the signal a second time after Susy calls Talman to tell him she has the doll. Finally realizing that Talman is a criminal, Susy hides the doll. When he walks in with Corlino and Roat following quietly, she tells him the doll is at Sam\'s studio. The criminals leave after Roat cuts the telephone cord. When Susy bangs on the pipes, Gloria comes in and Susy sends her to the bus station in a taxi to wait for Sam. When Susy discovers that the telephone cord has been cut, she prepares to defend herself by putting the criminals in the dark along with her, breaking all the bulbs in the apartment\'s light fixtures. She also pours a chemical into a bowl. When Talman returns, she refuses to cooperate. Talman has spent the most time with Susy and he has come to admire her for her quiet strength and ability to stand up to the three criminals, despite her disability. He admits to her that he and his confederates are part of a criminal plot and that Sam, as Susy suspected, is completely innocent of any involvement, while Roat is a particular danger. Susy needn\'t worry, though, Talman says, as he has sent Carlino to kill Roat. However, Roat has killed Carlino instead, and, as Talman prepares to leave, pausing to say something to Susy as he stands in the doorway, Roat stabs him in the back. Intent on acquiring the doll, Roat chains the door shut in the dark apartment, pours gasoline on the floor, and sets a piece of newspaper on fire. A desperate battle follows in which Susy throws the chemical in Roat\'s face and she forces him to put out the fire. But the battle ends when Roat obtains light by opening the refrigerator, whose door he props open with a rag in the hinge. Susy, weeping, pulls the doll out from its hiding place and hands it to him. While Roat cuts open the doll and gloats over the treasure inside, Susy is able, unnoticed by him, to arm herself with a large kitchen knife. Roat then pushes Susy towards the bedroom, making an ambiguous threat as to his intentions. As he pushes her forward, Susy suddenly turns and stabs Roat in the belly. She flees his grasp, but is unable to escape through the chained door. She stumbles across the floor toward the kitchen window to scream for help, but Roat unexpectedly leaps out from the darkened bedroom and grabs her ankle. Screaming, Susy wrenches free, but the dying Roat doggedly pursues her, using the knife with which she stabbed him to drag himself across the floor. Susy is at the refrigerator, trying to close its door and thus extinguish its light, unaware of the rag that is preventing its closure. She then gropes for the refrigerator\'s cord, murmuring desperately, "Where is it?" As the reeling Roat stands with his last strength and staggers toward her with the knife, Susy\'s scream merges with the sound of a police siren, and the scene switches to the arrival of police cars outside the apartment. When the police enter with Sam and Gloria, Sam finds an unbroken light bulb and we see the room littered with the bodies of Talman and Roat, but no Susy. Finally, as Sam calls out for her, the door of the unplugged refrigerator moves, and Susy emerges from behind it, alive.'] ['In Panama, a team of Army Ranger trainees and their instructor, Master Sergeant Nathan West , engage in a training exercise: navigate the jungle in hurricane conditions, using live fire to hit targets, then rendezvous at a bunker. Hours later, a trainee, later identifying himself as Ray Dunbar, emerges from the jungle carrying a wounded comrade, Second Lieutenant Levi Kendall, while a third soldier, Mueller, pursues, shooting. In self-defense, Dunbar kills Mueller. The mission had gone horribly wrong and the rest of the team with West are presumed dead. In interrogation, Captain Julia Osborne  finds Dunbar refusing to talk. He insists on speaking to a fellow Ranger from outside the base, and draws an "8" inside a circle on a piece of paper. Spooked on seeing the "8", base commander Colonel Bill Styles , calls in an experienced interrogator and friend, Tom Hardy , an ex-Ranger, now a DEA agent under investigation for suspicion of bribery and assigns him to Osborne. Hardy and Osborne have only 6 hours before the CID transport from Washington arrives to take Dunbar and Kendall away.  During interrogation, Hardy reveals to Dunbar that he served under West as a Ranger, and mentions West is infamous for being a ruthless, tough-as-nails sergeant. Dunbar relates that a trainee in his unit, named Pike, earned West\'s wrath, and went on the Panama training mission with Dunbar, Kendall, Mueller and two others, Nuñez and Castro. Hardy and Osborne suggest that, with plenty of reason to hate West, Pike had motive to murder him. Dunbar refuses to say more.  Hardy and Osborne then go to see Kendall, son of a Joint Chiefs of Staff general, recovering from gunshot wounds. At the hospital, Hardy runs into Dr. Peter Vilmer , an old friend and Osborne\'s former love interest. Kendall reveals he is a homosexual and claims West hated him because of it, and that West silently threatened his life shortly before the mission began, partnering him with Castro for the mission, and feared West may have ordered Castro to give him a "training accident." Kendall claims West died when hit in the back with a white phosphorus grenade and that Pike confessed to the crime, thinking his comrades would be "on board" with him in support. However, the team decided to turn Pike in. In the night, Pike tried to gain Kendall\'s sympathies, playing on their mutual hatred of West. Pike proposed killing Mueller and Nunez and convincing Dunbar and Castro to back them up. Kendall dismissed Pike\'s suggestion, but later spots Pike whispering to Dunbar. Kendall says Dunbar went back to his bag, extracted his pistol and aimed it at the sleeping Mueller. A firefight ensued, and Mueller shot Castro, who fired and hit Nunez, Kendall and Pike. Nunez and Pike die and Kendall is wounded. Dunbar then carried Kendall, exchanging fire with Mueller to the pickup point, as seen at the start of the film. Asked why Dunbar would rescue him, Kendall suggests maybe Dunbar expected him to cover for him in gratitude.  Dunbar, now accused of murder, says Kendall is lying and claims he didn\'t shoot West. Hardy notes Kendall claimed West died from a grenade, not shooting. Dunbar claims Mueller and Castro were selling prescription drug kits called "combat cocktails" to help dull physical pain and sharpen the mind; that Mueller shot West, who became aware of their drug dealing, and claims Mueller then used Pike\'s grenade, stolen from his pack earlier. At the bunker, Mueller tried to pin the blame on Pike, but Pike pointed out evidence throwing suspicion on Mueller. A fierce argument ensued and Mueller executed Pike. A firefight broke out and Castro and Nunez die. Dunbar rescued Kendall and during the pursuit killed Mueller before the helicopter pickup. Dunbar provides proof of the drug-dealing operation, and states Vilmer supplied the drugs to Mueller and Kendall.  Osborne and Hardy return to the hospital and speak with Dr. Vilmer, who admits that he distributed drugs to Mueller and Kendall and that he falsified drug tests so the soldiers would come up clean. Vilmer is placed under arrest. Styles orders Osborne and Hardy to not talk to Kendall again. But Hardy and Osborne confront Kendall, who is acting very strangely and refuses to give them any useful information, but still claims that Dunbar was the guilty party. Kendall begins bleeding out of his ears, suddenly starts vomiting blood, and abruptly dies. Before he dies he uses his blood soaked finger to draw on Osborne\'s palm what she thinks is the sign of infinity. Shortly after, she realizes it is an 8. She shows this to Hardy, who indicates ignorance of its significance. She suspects he knows. After a brief physical fight, he takes her aside and explains the conversation he had earlier with Styles. There is rumored to be a group of ex-Rangers in Panama, trained under West, who turned rogue and became drug-dealers. They call themselves Section 8. Styles is furious that Osborne and Hardy talked to Kendall a second time after he explicitly ordered them not to. He relieves Osborne of duty and asks Hardy to leave. He informs them that Dunbar and Vilmer will be taken away shortly on the transport plane that has arrived from the U.S. and he considers the investigation closed. At the stockade, Vilmer casually observes to Hardy and Osborne that he will be on the same plane with Pike. Hardy corrects him, saying that he\'ll be on the same plane as Dunbar, but Vilmer says that\'s not right. Ray Dunbar is black. The white "Dunbar" Hardy and Osborne have been questioning is in fact Pike, the man whom West antagonized during training . Pike had switched his tags with Dunbar\'s, in order to throw off the local authorities and disappear, after being transported for trial. Hardy and Osborne rush back to the base just as Pike is being taken onto a transport plane. Hardy grabs Pike and holds his face dangerously close to the plane\'s whirling propeller. The two engage in a brief screaming match, although what they say is inaudible. Pike then drops to his knees, out of breath. Afterward, Hardy and Osborne lead Pike away to interrogate him again now that they know the truth.  In Pike\'s new story, West was not shot, and he claims West knew about the main operation going on at the base: cocaine smuggling. He claims West confronted the Rangers in the bunker and told them that he would turn them in to authorities in the morning and tell Styles everything. A brief Mexican standoff ensued and West escaped the bunker. Nuñez chased after him and was shot by West. Shortly after, Castro and Mueller went looking for West, Pike found Dunbar dead, West shot Kendall, wounding him, and tried to convince Pike to give himself up. Pike says Mueller managed to kill West, that he then shot at Mueller, and knowing that he would be blamed if West died, took Dunbar\'s dog tags. It is still established that he managed to escape, carried Kendall through the jungle, killed Mueller and was picked up by the helicopter. As proof, he gives Hardy, Osborne and Styles the number of a crate where Vilmer had stowed cocaine, and they open it. Hardy then talks to Styles alone. He asks why West wouldn\'t tell Styles about the drugs as soon as he suspected something. He then accuses Styles of lying, and believes West did in fact go to him, but that Styles was behind the drug dealing operation the whole time; that rather than side with West, Styles ordered Mueller and Kendall to kill him in the jungle and then poisoned Kendall afterward to keep him quiet. Osborne, meanwhile, approaching the office, overhears, and secretly listens. Styles laughs off the accusations, but as Hardy starts to leave, Styles offers him a percentage of the operation, once he\'s back in business, to keep his mouth shut. Hardy declines his offer and turns to leave. Styles draws his weapon and is about to shoot Hardy, but is killed by Osborne who was secretly watching.  After the Military Police wrap up the investigation into Styles\' shooting, Osborne is about to leave the base for the night and Hardy tells her that everything\'s fine and all she has to do concerning the shooting is "Tell the story right." Osborne recalls hearing that phrase during both Kendall and Pike\'s stories, describing how members of the conspiracy planned to cover up West\'s death. Osborne suspects Hardy may be involved, especially since he hated West and because Section 8 contains West\'s former trainees. She tails him out of the base, and sees Pike run out from some roadside bushes and get into Hardy\'s jeep. She follows them by car, and then by foot through the streets of Panama City crowded with costumed revelers and watches as the two of them enter a doorway with a big eight ball hanging above it. Osborne sneaks through a long hallway, down a flight of stairs, and up behind Hardy and Pike, with her weapon drawn, believing that they are behind both Section 8 and West\'s murder. Then West, very much alive, walks up behind her. Castro, Dunbar and Nuñez are also there, fixing breakfast. They reveal to Osborne that Section 8 is actually a black-ops anti-drug unit led by Tom Hardy . The "Section-8" insane-mercenary story is a cover to spook the cartels. Dunbar, Castro, Nuñez and Pike  infiltrated the base to investigate the cocaine trafficking that was going on, and discovered Mueller, Kendall and Vilmer were responsible. West, not realizing Styles was also involved, informed him of the findings. Styles responded by ordering Mueller and Kendall to kill West. The training mission ordered by West was in fact a covert Section-8 set-up to get rid of Mueller and Kendall, and fake West\'s death , and Hardy had been called to the base by the coded message from "Dunbar" to confirm Styles\' and Vilmer\'s involvement. West and Hardy then offer Osborne a job.'] ["A troubled young writer finds herself embroiled in a supernatural mystery... one she must solve or die. The successful children's writer Claire Holloway is troubled by scary nightmares and is under psychological treatment. While working out watching television, she sees the landscape of the Rose Marsh Farm in the Westmoreland County, and she notes that the farmhouse is linked to her nightmares. She decides to spend her vacation in the farm, which is located nearby a swamp, and she is haunted by the ghosts of a little girl and a teenage boy inside the house. She is befriended by the local publisher and historian Noah Pitney but after a sequence of disturbing visions, she decides to contact the paranormal consultant Geoffry Hunt. Together, they investigate the mystery and disclose a tragedy that happened in the farm about twenty years ago."] ['The film opens with a three-minute, twenty-second tracking shot widely considered by criticsAlan Bacchus; The Long Take, Daily Film Dose, May 4, 2007; http://www.dailyfilmdose.com/2007/05/long-take.html as one of the greatest long takes in cinematic history. On the U.S.-Mexico border, a man plants a time bomb in a car. A man and woman enter the vehicle and make a slow journey through town to the U.S. border. Newlyweds Miguel "Mike" Vargas  and Susie  pass the car several times on foot. The car crosses the border, then explodes, killing the occupants.  Miguel Vargas is a drug enforcement official in the Mexican government. Realizing the implications of a Mexican bomb exploding on American soil, he takes an interest in the investigation. Police Chief Pete Gould ([[Harry Shannon  and District Attorney Adair ([[Ray Collins  arrive on the scene, followed by police Captain Hank Quinlan  and Quinlan\'s longtime partner, Pete Menzies . Quinlan and Menzies\' prime suspect is Sanchez, a young Mexican secretly married to the victim\'s daughter. They interrogate him in his apartment with Vargas present. Vargas visits the bathroom and accidentally knocks over an empty shoebox. Moments later, Menzies announces that two sticks of dynamite were found in the same, empty, shoebox in the bathroom. Vargas suspects Quinlan may have been planting evidence for years to help win convictions. Quinlan dismisses Vargas\' claim saying he is just biased in favor of fellow Mexicans. With assistance from District Attorney\'s Assistant Al Schwartz , Vargas studies the public records on Quinlan\'s previous cases, revealing his findings to Gould and Adiar. Quinlan arrives on the scene in time to overhear the discussion and angrily threatens to resign. Susie moved from her Mexican hotel to an American motel to escape the unwanted attention of Grandi , brother of a man Vargas has been investigating. She finds the motel, which Menzies recommended to her, has no other guests and is staffed only by a mentally challenged night manager . Grandi family members take over the motel. Vargas becomes concerned when his attempts to telephone Susie at the motel are sabotaged. Quinlan conspires with Grandi; they arrange for Susie to be kidnapped by the gang, injected with drugs, and taken to Grandi’s other motel in town. There, Quinlan strangles Grandi and frames Susie for the murder in order to discredit Vargas. Vargas confronts Menzies about the history of evidence "discovered" by Menzies or Quinlan. Menzies dismisses the claim. Vargas goes to Susie\'s motel but discovers her - and the gun he left with her - missing. Learning the motel is owned by Grandi, Vargas travels to Grandi\'s other motel in search of Susie, and confronts the gang members who attacked her; when the gang members refuse to answer him, Vargas violently beats them down. Al informs Vargas that Susie has been arrested for murder; at the lockup Vargas finds her barely conscious. Menzies reveals to Vargas he discovered Quinlan\'s cane at the murder scene. Vargas fits Menzies with a wire. Menzies confronts Quinlan at an oil refinery and they discuss Quinlan\'s activities while being tracked on foot by Vargas recording the conversation. Quinlan states to Menzies that he planted evidence on people, but they were nevertheless "guilty, guilty". Quinlan hears the feedback; Quinlan says his "game leg" informs him of Menzies\' wire. Quinlan demands Vargas show himself; when he does, Quinlan shoots Menzies with Vargas\' gun. Quinlan prepares to shoot Vargas, but is shot by the dying Menzies. It is revealed Sanchez has confessed and really did commit the crime. Vargas leaves town with Susie.'] ["Annapolis, Maryland. The film begins with an unknown person hiding an axe covered with blood in the woods. It then focuses on Brian Hannigan, a teenager who contacts the police after the death of his adoptive parents, a double homicide. The investigators immediately see Brian as a suspect, because he was in the house when the murders occurred and because he is too calm considering the circumstances. Chris Hannigan, Brian's 7-year-old brother, tells the police that he saw his other brother, 17-year old Daniel, an aggressive patient at a mental hospital, walking away from the house only seconds after the tragedy. Although Daniel denies having been at the house around the time of the murder, he becomes the prime suspect. Tom Kelley is an attorney who believes in the sons' innocence and starts to collect information himself. Brian tells him that he was adopted at age six, shortly before Daniel was adopted as well. He reveals that although they seemed to be the perfect family, their parents were abusive towards Daniel because he was always getting into trouble. When blood is found on Brian's shoes, the court orders him to be separated from his brothers. He is taken into the Kelley home, much to the fear of Tom's wife Liz. Brian admits that he was always too afraid to speak his mind and describes a conversation between his adoptive mother Maureen and her best friend Barbara, in which Maureen expressed her anger when things do not go the way she wants them to, referring to Daniel's behavior. Brian describes that Daniel came to him later that day, expressing the hatred he feels towards his parents. He was kicked out of the house shortly after and sent back to foster care. Three months later, Daniel was caught while breaking into a house and ended up in a reform school. Although Maureen became very overprotective of him and her recently adopted son Chris, Brian found a way to secretly contact Daniel. Back in present life, Chris tells the police that the guy walking away from the home after the murder wasn't Daniel, but Brian. Criminal attorney, Ken Pierson, also discovered that according to the phone records from the last three months, a dozen calls were made to Daniel including the night of the murders. Investigators start to think that Brian and Daniel were both responsible for their parents' death. Kelley then meets Barbara, who took Brian to church, and tells him that Brian's birth mother abandoned Brian for days until the state took custody of him putting him into a foster care system like Daniel. Barbara then said that Daniel had five different families and Brian had six. When Kelley tells Brian that the police are going to ask him a lot of questions, he finally reveals what really happened that night. On the evening before the murder, Brian arrived home late after going out with Lisa Kensington, a girl who is known at school for being promiscuous. His parents found out and reacted furiously, blaming him for becoming just like Daniel. Brian then calls up Daniel who tells Brian to leave the house, but Brian refuses fearing that Maureen and Joe will do the same thing to Chris. Later that night he overheard his parents agreeing about sending him away too. Upset and enraged, he stabbed both his parents in the basement with a butcher knife. Maureen was almost able to get away, but he followed her in the backyard and killed her with an axe without noticing that Chris was watching him from his window. After his confession, Brian stated he never told Daniel about this and that he gets emotionally moved every time he speaks up. Brian is then arrested and Kelley returns home disappointed. In the aftertitles, it is stated that Brian served eight years in the Patuxent Institution in Maryland and that Daniel remained having trouble with the law several times and is sent to prison and that Chris got adopted by a loving family."] ['Helen Lyle is a graduate student conducting research for her thesis on urban legends. While interviewing freshmen about their superstitions, she hears about a local legend known as Candyman. The legend contains many thematic elements similar to the most well known urban legends, including endangered babysitters, spirits who appear in mirrors when fatally summoned, and maniac killers with unnatural deformities.W. Scott Poole, Monsters in America: Our Historical Obsession with the Hideous and the Haunting , 53-54. The legend claims that Candyman can be summoned by looking into a mirror and saying his name five times (similar to the [[Bloody Mary , whereupon he will murder the summoner with his hook-hand. Later that evening, Helen and her friend Bernadette jokingly call Candyman\'s name into the mirror in Helen\'s bathroom but nothing happens. Discussing the legend with fellow academics, she uncovers an origin story. Candyman was the son of a slave, who became a well known artist. After falling in love with a white woman who became pregnant, he was set upon by a lynch mob, who cut off his painting hand and replaced with a hook. He was smeared with honey  from a nearby apiary, and the bees stung him to death. With her colleague Bernadette, Helen enters the notorious gang-ridden Cabrini–Green housing project, the site of a recent unsolved murder linked to Candyman. There she meets Anne-Marie McCoy, one of the residents, as well as a young boy named Jake, who tells her a disturbing story of a child who was castrated in a public restroom near the projects, supposedly by Candyman. While Helen explores the run-down restroom, a gang member attacks her: he carries a hook, and has taken the Candyman moniker as his own to enhance his own "street cred" by associating himself with the legend. Helen survives the assault and is able to later identify her attacker to the police. Helen later returns to school but hears a voice calling her name as she walks to her car. The apparent real Candyman now appears and explains that since Helen has been telling people in Cabrini-Green he is just a legend, he must again prove he exists. Helen blacks out and wakes up in Anne-Marie\'s apartment, covered in blood. Anne-Marie, whose Rottweiler has been decapitated and whose baby is also missing, attacks Helen and she is forced to defend herself from Anne-Marie using a meat cleaver. The police then enter the apartment and arrest Helen. Trevor, Helen\'s husband, bails her out of jail the following day, but while he is out of the apartment, Candyman appears to Helen again and cuts her neck, causing her to bleed unconscious. Bernadette then arrives at then apartment and Candyman murders her. The police are called and Helen is sedated and is placed in a psychiatric hospital pending trial. After a month\'s stay at the hospital, Helen is interviewed by a psychologist in preparation for her upcoming trial. While restrained, Helen attempts to convince the psychologist that the urban legend is indeed true by calling Candyman. Candyman appears, murdering the psychologist, and Helen is able to escape. She briefly confronts Trevor but he is now living with one of his students. Helen then flees to Cabrini–Green to confront Candyman and to locate Anne-Marie\'s still-missing infant. In an apartment\'s attic, she encounters the words "It was you all along, Helen." Candyman predicts that Helen will help carry on his tradition of inciting fear into a community, and promises to release the baby if Helen agrees to sacrifice herself. Instead of holding his end of the bargain, Candyman takes both the baby and Helen into the middle of a massive junk pile which the residents have been planning to turn into a bonfire, intending to sacrifice both Helen and the baby in order to feed his own legend. However, the residents believe Candyman is hiding inside the bonfire pile and set it aflame. Helen manages to rescue the baby, but dies from burns in the process. Candyman also burns in the fire, leaving only his hook-hand behind. After Helen\'s funeral, in which the residents of Cabrini–Green pay their respects to Helen, Trevor stands before a mirror in the bathroom of their former apartment. He chants Helen\'s name in grief, summoning her vengeful spirit. Helen kills Trevor with Candyman\'s hook, leaving Trevor\'s new lover Stacey with his bloodied corpse as Helen becomes the embodiment of the urban legend. The film ends as the credits roll over a painting of Helen with her hair ablaze on a wall in Cabrini-Green, showing that she has now entered folklore.'] ["Eddie Quinn's unruly wife Maureen drinks and smokes to excess, even though she is pregnant. Eddie has troubles of his own, disappearing for days at a time. When she is physically and sexually assaulted by Kiefer, a neighbor, it is more than Eddie can handle. He shoots someone and lands in a psychiatric hospital. Ten years go by. Eddie finally returns, only to find Maureen is now a clean, sober, solid citizen, married to a new man, Joey, and a mother of three children, one of whom is Eddie's own daughter. Eddie's return complicates and endangers all of their lives."] ["Gina McVey is a radiologist who is enjoying dinner one evening with her family and her boyfriend Stefan when a mirror shatters for no apparent reason. After a few moments, no one thinks much of it, but the next day Gina is leaving work and she sees something even more troubling—a woman who looks just like her, driving a car identical to her own. Curious, Gina sneaks into the doppelganger's apartment and sees a photo of herself and her father in the hallway. Seriously rattled, Gina runs out and drives away, only to get in an accident that lands her in the hospital. After she's released, Gina asks Stefan if she can stay with him, but while he looks the same, his personality and behavior are quite different from the way she remembers him, and she begins having vivid nightmares, which become all the more terrifying when the same horrific images begin popping up in her waking hours. Determined to solve her bizarre dilemma, and realizing her family has been exposed to unspeakable danger, Gina fluctuates between grim resolve and manic despair as her odd mystery begins to unfold once she begins to retrace her steps. Gina soon discovers that entities have escaped from a mirror broken earlier in the movie and are doppelgangers of her friends and family, killing them and taking their places. She tracks down her own double and finds her dead. Gina then remembers that she is the mirror double and killed her other in the first scene when they met, only to forget it after getting into a car accident. She remembers her true self and comes to terms with it, then her mirror father shows up outside her house. She signals that it is she. At work, she runs into her brother, who takes a long look at her and then runs away as he realizes she is a mirror double of his real sister."] ['Psychiatrist Dr. Hannibal Lecter  hosts a dinner party in his townhouse in Baltimore, Maryland. Lecter is later visited by Will Graham , a gifted agent with the Federal Bureau of Investigation, with whom he has been working on a psychological profile of a serial killer who has removed edible body parts from his victims, leading Graham to believe that the killer could be a cannibal. During the consultation, Graham discovers evidence implicating Lecter in the murders. Lecter attacks Graham, almost disembowelling him, before Graham overpowers Lecter. Lecter is sentenced to life imprisonment in an institution for the criminally insane while Graham, traumatized by the experience, retires. Years later, another serial killer, nicknamed the "Tooth Fairy", appears. He stalks and kills seemingly random Southern families during sequential full moons. Hoping to capture the killer before his next attack, Special Agent Jack Crawford  seeks Graham\'s assistance. The death of another family weighing on his conscience, Graham reluctantly agrees. After visiting the crime scenes and speaking with Crawford, he concludes that he must once again consult Dr. Lecter. The "Tooth Fairy" is actually a schizophrenic named Francis Dolarhyde  who kills at the behest of an alternate personality he calls "The Great Red Dragon." He is obsessed with a William Blake painting, The Great Red Dragon and the Woman Clothed in Sun, and believes that each victim he "changes" brings him closer to "becoming" the Dragon. His pathology is born from the severe child abuse he suffered at the hands of his sadistic grandmother . Freddy Lounds , a tabloid reporter who hounded Graham after Lecter\'s capture, now follows him for leads on the Tooth Fairy. There is a secret correspondence between Lecter and Dolarhyde. Graham\'s wife  and son are endangered when Lecter gives the Tooth Fairy the agent\'s home address, forcing them to be relocated to a farm owned by Crawford\'s brother. Lecter, aware that the feds are onto him, raises the stakes: in return for his help, he requests a first-class meal in his cell and the return of his book privileges. Hoping to lure the Tooth Fairy out of hiding, Graham gives Lounds an interview, in which he disparages the killer as an impotent homosexual. This provokes Dolarhyde, who kidnaps Lounds, glues him to an antique wheelchair, forces him to recant his allegations, and then sets him on fire outside his newspaper\'s offices. At his job in a St. Louis photo lab, Dolarhyde falls in love with Reba McClane , a blind co-worker, but his Dragon personality demands that he kill her. He takes her home, where they make love. Dolarhyde attempts to stop the Dragon\'s "possession" of him by going to the Brooklyn Museum and literally consuming the original Blake painting. Graham deduces that the killer knew the layout of his victims\' houses from their home videos, which he could only have seen if he worked for the editing company that transfers home movies to video cassette. Dolarhyde finds Reba with a co-worker, Ralph Mandy , whom she actually dislikes. Enraged, Dolarhyde kills Mandy, kidnaps Reba, takes her to his house, and then sets it on fire. Finding himself unable to shoot her, Dolarhyde seems to shoot himself. Reba is able to escape as the police arrive and the house explodes. Dolarhyde, having staged his own death, turns up at Graham\'s home in Florida where he holds Graham\'s son hostage, threatening to kill him with a piece of broken glass. To defuse the situation, Graham slings insults at his son that are reminiscent of the ones Dolarhyde\'s grandmother had used against him. Feeling a sudden sympathy for the boy, the enraged Dolarhyde attacks Graham as the boy flees to safety. Both men are severely wounded in a shootout which ends when Graham\'s wife Molly fatally shoots Dolarhyde. Later, Graham receives a letter from Lecter, which bids him well and hopes that he isn\'t "too ugly."'] ['Therapist Tess Parker  meets Paul Tomlinson , an English professor she\'s wacky over, and he\'s also a guy that is too good to be true. Her patient Carla , comes to Tess to tell her about her former lover who wanted to marry her but needed some time after his wife\'s death, even though they started going out when he was still married, but he left it a year and never came back, only to tell her that he was with someone else. Tess tries to comfort her after she thought Carla was going to jump of the edge of a building. The descriptions Carla gives Tess of her former lover seem some what familiar, but it is until the time she saw her after that, that Carla shows Tess her ring that was given to her by him, and a book that she always carries around written by him, Author: Paul Tomlinson, and just to clarify, his picture too. Tess eventually confronts Paul about this and he says that he knew her as a librarian, and the time Tess saw him hug her was to thank her for getting a \'hard to find\' book for him. He says he had no relationship with her at all except sending her flowers to thank her for all her help with the book, and that he was not sleeping with her. Tess, believes him and they go on a merry-go-round together. Afterwards, they walked around the funfair and had a lovely, little snog. Unfortunately, Carla was passing by and shouted at Tess for using her to steal him away from her. Tess told Carla that she wasn\'t, but Carla slapped her and drove away. Tess tried to run after her but Paul said to let her go. He gave her a hug and said "God save them all". The next day, Tess goes to Carla\'s apartment, Carla wouldn\'t go to the door but it was open so Tess walked in. Carla was nowhere to be seen, so Tess had a snoop around, she found a picture of Paul, a pot from his favourite Japanese restaurant, another book written by him, but more importantly, in a wooden chest, she found some love letters, she opened one, at the top it said \'dear my love\', and at the bottom, it said \'with all my love, Paul\'. Disturbed, she walked out with the letter. At night, in bed, she has a dream about making perfect love to Paul. In the morning, she has a shower and gets out when the slightly ajar bathroom door shuts, assuming someone was there. She then finds Paul\'s jumper on her chair. She jumps when she hears Carla\'s voice and is horrified when she turns around and finds that Carla is there. Carla tells her that Paul left it at her house this morning and came round to show her and taunt her. Tess shouts at her to get out or that she\'d call the police. Carla said it was a good idea because Tess was in danger. Carla told Tess that she\'s warning her to stay away from Paul because he killed his wife, and that he\'d kill again. Carla walked out. Outside Tess\'s house, Paul came and said he was worried about her. She told him that Carla dropped in on her shower this morning, she showed him that Carla\'s  sweater. He said he had no idea how she got it. He told her maybe she stole it because she said it herself that she broke into her house and that she was capable of anything. Then she showed him the love letter, she asked him if he wrote it, he said yes-to his wife, he had been trying to find them. Suddenly Tess asked him how his wife died, he said this was sick. He said it was an accident, she was hiking up in the mountains and he guessed that she tripped and fell, he guessed because he wasn\'t there because they had just had an argument and he went back to the cabin, the rangers said it looked like she slipped. She told him that Carla said he killed his wife. He said they weren\'t the perfect couple by any means, but he loved her. She apologised and said that she didn\'t know to explain her behaviour lately, she let herself get sucked into Carla\'s delusions. He forgave her. She asked why he was here and he said that she called and the school told him that Tess had left a message saying that it was urgent. Then they both realised, Carla. Her front door was already open. They started looking for her. Tess tried the kitchen and found everything broken and thrown around. The meat in her freezer had been stabbed, and there was blood on the walls. Paul told Tess to go back to his place and let the police take care of Carla. At Paul\'s place, he went for a shower and she fell asleep after a tiring day. She woke up, and wandered into another room-where she found his wedding picture, the glass had broken in half. The door closed behind her and she was locked in. She tried to get out but she couldn\'t. She realised that a chair was on fire and the smoke alarm went off. More desperate than ever, she struggled with the door and shouted Paul\'s name. Just in time, Paul came and opened the door and pulled her out. As he tried to put out the fire, she called 911. They arrested Carla. The police told Tess and Paul that they were only going to question her because for all they knew, it could have been either one of those two because the fire was set. Tess and Paul went to Paul\'s other house, it was snowing there. Later, again, they went to bed together. And as a surprise for Tess, Paul put a ring on Tess\'s finger. It was a surprise for her, as it was the same ring as Carla said he had made especially for her. This was enough to start believing that Paul was telling lies, and that it was Carla all along who spoke the truth. She told him she\'d be right back and went upstairs to change and pack, as he was looking the other way she quietly came down the stairs and left. In the car Carla showed up after she had been questioned and told her she\'d have to run, because the roads were covered with ice. Tess asked her what she was doing and Carla replied "saving your life". She said it was him who messed up her kitchen and started the fire. They ran off. After waiting for a while, shouting her name with no replies, and searching upstairs to find no-one except a dressing gown, he realised she had gone. Paul changed, and left as well. As Tess and Carla were running on because Carla new the route well, Paul found it easy to follow them because it was snowing and he just followed their footprints. He eventually caught up with them. Carla told him that Tess knew everything and he told Tess that he loved her. Carla told him that Tess knew that he killed his wife. He said she was crazy. She reminded him when he brought her up there that weekend and his wife found them, and when he told his wife how much he loved Carla. She said that when his wife\'s back was turned on the mountains, he snuck up and pushed her. Tess interfered and said that if Carla was lying, how would he explain the ring, that Carla has exactly the same. He said he only gave the same ring to his wife whom never took it off, and as far as he knew, she was buried with it. That is when they realised. Tess asked Carla, "you killed her?". She said she did it for each other. Paul angrily started walking forward. Carla was slowly walking back and didn\'t notice a huge drop behind her, she slipped, and fell, but she was holding on...to Paul\'s hand. He said that he should let her die. Tess said no, hold on. Paul did, but it was too hard, she fell again and held on to a rock. Her last words were to Paul saying "you still love me, don\'t you?", until her hands slipped of the rock and she fell to her death crashing into many more sharp rocks along the way. Tess cries and Paul comforts her. Outside Paul\'s second house, we have to assume the next day, Tess and Paul, are getting ready to leave, putting their luggage in the car. Paul finishes putting the rest in the boot as Tess gets into the car. Looking for a map she opens a draw in the front of the car, finding two tiny boxes thinking they were for her, she opens them two find two identical heart rings, the same as she had been given from Paul and the same as his wife had been given from him. We see her with a weird face. The film ends with the camera zooming out on Paul getting into the car.'] ["With his pregnant wife at death's door after a car crash, desperate husband John Barrett  invades the home of Mark Driscoll  and holds both Driscoll and his rich, neglected wife Sally  hostage in order to understand the events that led to his wife ending up in a coma."] ['Jarrod and his girlfriend Elaine have flown to Los Angeles for Jarrod\'s best friend Terry\'s birthday party. They celebrate with Terry\'s girlfriend, Candice, and his assistant, Denise. During the party, one of Terry\'s employees, Ray, welcomes Jarrod to L.A., thinking he has moved there to join Terry\'s special effects company. During a private argument about whether or not they should move, Elaine reveals she is pregnant. The next morning, blue lights descend from the sky, mesmerizing anyone who looks at them. The light affects them physically, causing them to become zombie-like. Any immobilized humans are collected by the machines. Ray is taken, but Jarrod is saved when Terry tackles him, and he quickly returns to normal. He and Terry go to the apartment roof investigate the lights. They see alien ships descending through the clouds and vacuuming up thousands of screaming people. Back in the apartment, Jarrod believes the open water would be a safer place, since there are no machines over the sea. They attempt to reach the marina by car, splitting into two cars: Terry and Denise in the first, followed by everyone else in the other. They encounter a couple, Colin and Jen, also getting ready to flee the building. As Terry\'s car exits the garage it is flattened by a massive alien. Denise is killed but Terry escapes. As he begins to run he is abducted. The others run back into the garage, where they encounter another lifeform that takes Colin. It corners the rest of the group before the building\'s concierge, Oliver, slams into it with an SUV. They find Colin is still alive inside the creature. As they try to free him, the machine comes to life, sucking out Colin\'s brain and regaining its energy. As they run back into the building, Jen is abducted. The next day, the United States Air Force launches an attack using stealth bombers and fighter aircraft armed with missiles. Only one stealth plane gets through and just before it gets destroyed it fires a nuclear missile, hitting the mothership. The detonation blows the ship apart, but as the mushroom cloud clears, the ship rises back into the air and begins to slowly repair itself. After Jarrod tells Elaine that the alien light made him feel powerful, he is adamant that safety must be found outside. Oliver wants to stay inside and tries restraining him. Jarrod physically starts changing as he lifts Oliver off the floor and vows that he will protect his family. Helicopters arrive, inserting squads of soldiers. Jarrod and Elaine go to the roof hoping to catch a ride to safety. Oliver and Candice stay in the penthouse, but are found. Candice is caught by the blue light and is absorbed; Oliver attempts to kill a tanker alien by turning on a gas stove and igniting a lighter, causing the room to explode. The soldiers are thrown off the roof by the aliens and a squid alien attacks Jarrod and Elaine. They kill it, but with Jarrod badly hurt. They are surrounded by the aliens, so resigned to their fate, they look into the blue light, embrace and are sucked up into the mother ship as it slowly flies over the building. A brief montage shows that cities all over the world have been overrun by the aliens. Inside the alien spacecraft, Elaine wakes up on a pile of human corpses. Tubes are sucking human brains into machines; probes go through the pile looking for what they can find. Elaine sees Jarrod in the pile but has to watch helplessly as his brain is removed. She is probed, but left alone since she is pregnant. Elaine is transported to another chamber where other pregnant women have been sent. Meanwhile, Jarrod\'s brain, glowing red instead of the usual aliens\' blue, is inserted into a new alien body. Animating the alien body, Jarrod seems to retain control, and comes to the aid of Elaine and their unborn child. A series of still images depict "Jarrod" protecting Elaine and their child from other aliens. Eventually "Jarrod" defeats them, picks his girlfriend up, and runs off with her.'] ['A man staggers into the police station to report a murder. When the desk sergeant asks who was murdered, he answers: "I was." That man is Professor Dexter Cornell , who then sits down to video-tape his account. Thirty-six hours previously, Cornell, is on campus. He is a college professor, was once a promising writer, made his name and is secure in his tenure, but he has spent the last four years going though the motions and playing it safe. "Publish or perish" is the contrasting rule of university politics and Cornell helps his friend Hal Petersham ([[Daniel Stern  with his first book. While he is in his office, a promising student, Nick Lang , jumps off a building right outside his office in an apparent suicide. This is coupled with the depressing Christmas season, unseasonably hot weather and the divorce papers given to him by his wife Gail  in leading Cornell to the local bars for a night of drinking. There he meets admiring student Sydney Fuller  and they proceed to get drunk. The next morning, Cornell, feeling his sickness is more than just a hangover, stops by the campus medical clinic for a checkup. After running some tests, they discover that he has been poisoned and has 36 hours to live. An incredulous Cornell staggers out to try to make sense of it all. Aided by Fuller, whom he kidnaps by super-gluing himself to her arm, he attempts to recreate the events of the previous night hoping to discover who could have murdered him. The list of suspects includes his wife, who is also the victim of a murder, which the police make half-hearted efforts to pin on Cornell. It is learned that Lang was not a suicide but was also murdered. Cornell also suspects Lang\'s mentor Mrs. Fitzwaring , Bernard  the Fitzwarings\' chauffeur and Graham Corey , a jealous co-worker. In the end, at the police station, Cornell has solved the crime. He staggers out to meet his fate.'] ["Dolores Claiborne , a strong-willed and sarcastic woman, works as a domestic servant in a coastal town in Maine. The film opens with Dolores having an argument with her elderly, paralyzed employer Vera Donovan , after which Vera falls down the stairs. Dolores ransacks the kitchen and is then caught by a mailman as she stands over Vera with a rolling pin, apparently intending to kill Vera. Vera dies and the police begin an investigation, believing Dolores murdered Vera. The police, however, do not charge Dolores with a crime. Dolores' daughter, Selena St. George , a successful but depressed and alcoholic journalist, arrives in town to support her mother. Dolores insists that she did not kill her wealthy employer, but she finds little sympathy, as the entire town believes she murdered her husband, Joe St. George  almost 20 years earlier. some of the town's inhabitants harass her by vandalising her home, taunting her in the street and driving by her house, screaming at her. Detective John Mackey , who was the chief detective in her husband's murder case, is determined to put Dolores away for life. Selena also believes that Dolores killed her father, and so has not spoken to her mother in over a decade. Selena did not witness Dolores killing her father. As the film develops, it is revealed that Joe was an abusive alcoholic, and that one night Dolores had threatened to kill him if he ever harmed her again. The film's flashbacks also reveal that Dolores started to suspect Joe of molesting Selena. Dolores went to work for Vera Donovan as a housemaid in order to raise enough money to pay for Selena's education, but upon realizing that Joe had been molesting Selena, she goes to the bank to withdraw her money so she and Selena can flee Joe's wrath. The plan backfired, however, when the bank notifies Dolores that Joe stole the money from Selena's savings account. Back in the present, Dolores says that Vera had thrown herself down the staircase and, tired of her disabled life, begged Dolores to put her out of her misery, something Mackey refuses to believe; he reveals that Vera has left her entire fortune to Dolores. Mackey informs them that the will is eight years old, which nearly convinces Selena that her mother is guilty. After a fierce argument, Selena storms out, leaving her mother to fend for herself. Dolores finally decides that it is time to reveal the truth to Selena: She did in fact kill Joe, and it was actually Vera who suggested the plan to her. Dolores says that she had been pushed to the breaking point upon realizing that Joe had been molesting Selena, which Selena furiously denies. In a flashback to a scene some 20 years before, Vera engages in her regular ritual of berating Dolores, who breaks down crying and confesses her troubled home life. An unusually sympathetic Vera implies that she killed her late husband Jack, and engineered it to look like an accident. Vera's confession forms a bond between the two women and allows Dolores to take control of her own situation and future. As a total solar eclipse approaches, Dolores and Selena have an argument about Dolores' suspicions regarding Joe's sexual abuse of Selena. Selena flees home for the weekend to work at a hotel to raise money from the high number of tourists coming to watch the eclipse. Joe soon returns from working on a fishing boat, and as a treat, Dolores has bought him a bottle of Scotch. After Joe gets drunk, Dolores reveals that she knows that Joe has stolen from Selena's account and molested his own daughter. Dolores intentionally insults Joe and lures him into falling down an old well, leaving him to die as he plunges to the stone bottom. Selena hears the story on a tape left for her by Dolores, who had foreseen her departure. While on the ferry, Selena suddenly uncovers a repressed memory of her father forcing her to give him a handjob. She rushes back to her mother, who is attending the coroner's inquest, in which Mackey makes a case she be sent to a grand jury in an attempt to indict her for murder. Selena tells the police they have no evidence and that despite an often-stormy relationship, Vera and Dolores loved each other. Knowing that he has no admissible evidence, Mackey reluctantly drops the case. The film ends with Dolores and Selena making amends on the ferry wharf before Selena returns to New York."] ['{{Plot}} Lewis Thomas , a university student at UC Berkeley in California, is packing to fly home at the end of his freshman year and the beginning of summer break. In an attempt to get his childhood friend, Venna , who attends the University of Colorado at Boulder, romantically interested in him, Lewis offers to pick her up and drive her home in a scenic and pleasant cross-country road trip. She enthusiastically agrees. He gets a refund on his airline ticket and uses the money to buy a 1971 Chrysler Newport, heading east to Colorado. However, his mother calls and asks him to bail out his troublesome older brother, Fuller , in Salt Lake City. Much to Lewis\'s chagrin, Fuller invites himself on the trip. The brothers stop at a truck stop near the Wyoming border, where Fuller buys a CB radio for $40 merely for the purpose of fun and breaking the tension in the car. He chats with several truckers in a mock hillbilly accent. When one of the truckers gives a brief cryptic speech, Fuller coaxes Lewis into playing a cruel prank on the mysterious driver, who identifies himself as "Rusty Nail" . Lewis pretends to be an attractive young woman named "Candy Cane," and sets up a meeting with Rusty Nail in the motel where Lewis and Fuller will be spending the night, in Table Rock, Wyoming, and tells him to bring a bottle of pink champagne. Rusty Nail apparently falls for the joke, genuinely believing Lewis to be female. Instead of telling him to go to room 18, which is their room, Lewis then gives him the number of the room next door to his, room 17, which is occupied by a largely built, highly irritable and obnoxious businessman , who had a brief altercation with Fuller while he was checking in, and racially abused the Native American night manager. That cold and rainy night, the brothers are waiting for Rusty Nail to arrive, and they hear him knocking on the next door. They listen, and they hear a brutal attack and the screams of the businessman. In shock, they stay in their room for the rest of the night. The next morning, the brothers are questioned by the local police and discover that it was the businessman who was brutally attacked and horrifically mutilated with his jaw ripped, found alive nearby but in a coma. Rusty Nail, meanwhile, has easily evaded the authorities, due to his anonymity and also the untraceable nature of CB radio. Lewis tells the police everything that occurred, and they are ordered to leave Wyoming before sunset. Back on the road, they encounter Rusty Nail on the CB radio again, who demands the whereabouts of "Candy Cane". Lewis tells him about the joke, and Rusty Nail demands an apology, but Fuller simply yells at him abusively. Rusty Nail then makes a comment that they should fix their tail light-revealing that he can see them. Horrified, Lewis and Fuller speed off as fast as they can, and eventually find a nearby gas station to fill up. To their horror, an ice truck enters the station. Convinced the driver must be Rusty Nail, they flee in panic, and the ice truck gives chase. They soon discover the driver is actually one Mr. Jones , and is merely trying to return Lewis\' credit card, which he left behind at the gas station. At that moment, the real Rusty Nail plows through the ice truck, killing Jones. Another chase ensues, and when they reach a dead end, Rusty Nail slowly drives his truck into their vehicle, turning it on its side, compelling Fuller to apologize and explain the reason for the joke. Rusty Nail accepts the apology and drives away, declaring his actions to be simply a retaliatory joke. Believing themselves to be safe, the brothers meet up with Venna in Boulder, Colorado, and are introduced to her roommate, Charlotte . While the three spend a night at a motel, Rusty Nail calls, believing they lied about the presence of a girl. He reveals he has kidnapped Charlotte, and is holding her hostage, and orders Lewis and Fuller to go into a crowded Nebraska diner completely nude, under the threat of killing Charlotte, so that they would understand the feeling of being "the butt of the joke". Next, he orders them to drive to a cornfield just inside the Nebraska border, step out, and walk 100 ft  ahead of the car. The truck then ploughs through the field, separating all three, and Rusty Nail kidnaps Venna, and destroys their car, though not before instructing them to meet him in Room 17 of a nearby motel, with pink champagne. But he does not specify which motel they must go to, and there are several in the nearby town. As Fuller and Lewis search frantically, Rusty Nail binds Venna to a chair nailed to the floor with shrink wrap, gags her with scotch tape, and rigs a trap using wire attached to the trigger of a shotgun aimed at her head, and the door of the motel room, so that when opened, it will kill her. Eventually, Fuller and Lewis arrive at the right motel, but find room 17 empty. Rusty calls them and indicates that he is in the room next door. Fuller sneaks round the back, and hears muffled talking. He spots Venna through a window, but is attacked by Rusty Nail and barely manages to prevent Lewis from killing Venna. Rusty Nail nails Fuller to a nearby fence, and prepares to drive his truck into him. At that moment, the police arrive  and after Lewis manages to push Venna out of the way of the shotgun, he saves Fuller, just as the truck crashes through the motel. Inside the truck, they find a bloodied, dead body in the driver\'s seat and the bound and gagged Charlotte on the floor. Believing that Rusty Nail is dead, the three huddle around an ambulance and receive treatment for their injuries. At this point, the body is revealed to be the innocent ice truck driver, Mr. Jones. Lewis, Fuller, and Venna listen to the CB radio of the ambulance as Rusty Nail gives another brief cryptic speech, indicating his survival and escape. The movie ends with Rusty Nail\'s catchphrase; " I like the rain- keeps everyone inside, washes everything clean"'] ['The movie focuses on the media\'s coverage of news, and whether covering the news changes it. The film has no opening credits . Instead, the program begins with a promo for a typical daytime network lineup: previews of a game show and soap opera are shown, along with a catchy jingle, "RBS: We\'re Moving Up!" Suddenly, an ominous "Special Bulletin" slide appears on the screen, with an announcer saying "We interrupt this program to bring you a Special Bulletin from RBS News." It shows how a local TV crew, covering a dockworkers\' strike, become caught in the middle of a firefight between the U.S. Coast Guard and a tugboat sitting at a dock in Charleston, South Carolina. After several Coast Guard personnel are wounded, the Coast Guardsmen, apparently outgunned, surrender and are taken hostage, as are the reporter and cameraman. The reporter is asked to televise a statement by the terrorists of their demands: the delivery to them of every nuclear trigger device at the U.S. Naval Base in Charleston, so that they can be taken out to sea and destroyed. Without these special triggers, the nuclear weapons on the naval warships and nuclear-powered submarines based at Charleston, to include the Fleet Ballistic Missile  submarines, cannot be used. The terrorists reveal that they have constructed their own nuclear device—one roughly equivalent in strength to the bomb dropped on Nagasaki in 1945. Their device is set to detonate within 24 hours if the demand is not met. It is also equipped with anti-tampering devices that will set it off if any attempt is made to move or disarm it. As the faux news broadcast continues, details about the terrorists slowly begin to emerge as the broadcast hosted by Susan Myles  and veteran newscaster John Woodley  continues. The group is led by Dr. Bruce Lyman , a scientist and former designer of nuclear weapons for the American government who had recently been imprisoned for taking part in anti-nuclear demonstrations. His cohorts include David McKeeson  a nuclear scientist who stole weapons grade plutonium from the Hanford nuclear research facility in Richland, Washington and constructed the bomb; a bank robber whom Lyman met in jail; a poet and anti-war activist implicated in a bombing that killed several people a decade earlier; and a meek housewife and mother of two who had been friends with Lyman back in college. Several times during the program, Woodley finds himself debating with Lyman and his colleagues the ethics of television journalism and the role it plays in both covering the activities of terrorists and, at the same time, inadvertently promoting such activities. "TV news is essentially show business," says McKeeson during a particularly heated exchange with Woodley. At first the government chooses to ignore and underplay the story. McKeeson eventually reveals his device, which is kept in the ship\'s lower hold, to RBS\'s cameraman. The scientist describes it as an Implosion-type nuclear weapon and ominously warns viewers that he designed the bomb to detonate should anyone try to tamper with it or move it. As facts come out indicating the threat being real, various public announcements occur, culminating with the decision to order the evacuation of the downtown Charleston area, which causes a public panic. The Government later announces, just shortly before the terrorist\'s deadline, that it would accede to their demands. A van rolls up to the tugboat, allegedly containing the first load of triggers that they had demanded. In the interim, the terrorists, who are still holding the RBS reporter and cameraman, become suspicious when the TV on which they are monitoring the RBS broadcast suddenly goes blank, supposedly due to a transmitter power failure at the local station. In fact, the signal was cut-off to mask the arrival of a Delta Force team sneaking aboard the tugboat . In the ensuing gun battle, all but two of the terrorists are killed by the commandos. The journalists survive without major injury. McKeeson commits suicide before he can be captured. The remaining terrorist is taken into custody. All this occurs a little over an hour prior to the detonation time of the bomb. Members of the Nuclear Emergency Search Team  enter the boat in an attempt to defuse the bomb. The reporter and cameraman remain to comment on their efforts, despite pleas from the news anchor in New York City that they leave the area. Over a remote camera installed on the tugboat, the NEST team is shown having an argument over how to bypass McKeeson\'s many safeguards. Abruptly, the NEST team gets into a heated argument. At the studio, an expert, Dr. Nils Johannsen, brought in by RBS  says that there are conventional explosives in the device, geared to set up the chain reaction. "They have just put a match under the whole pile!" he says. The members of the NEST team are shown working frantically, then breaking into a panic just before the signal is abruptly broken. Static fills the screen and contact Charleston is lost. The network switches back to the main RBS newsroom in New York, which is initially in confusion, the broadcast image briefly going to a test pattern. Woodley at first shows annoyance, looking around at staffers and angrily barking out "Somebody get me some information, dammit! What the hell is this?" then falls silent and stunned as he realizes what has probably happened. Myles, nervous and cautious, merely advises viewers that they "seem to have lost contact" with Charleston. After considerable effort to reestablish contact, the anchors manage to get hold of Megan "Meg" Barclay , a reporter for the local RBS television affiliate station in Charleston, WPIV, who was two miles from the tugboat aboard the aircraft carrier museum ship USS Yorktown across Charleston Harbor on the opposite bank of the Cooper River in Mount Pleasant. In the midst of wreckage aboard the aircraft carrier, with huge fires blazing in downtown Charleston in the background and clearly stunned and dazed, she expresses fear of imminent radiation sickness. Her cameraman, who has also survived, reveals that he was recording a few moments earlier and they ask him to rewind and play back the recording. The tape shows Barclay standing in front of a relatively normal looking harbor overlooking the tugboat, facing the camera, her back to the boat. We then see an enormous bright light coming from the other side of the harbor. As the camera lens recovers from the sudden flash of light, we catch a brief glimpse of a mushroom cloud rising over the shoreline, followed by a huge blast of wind that blows through and knocks the camera over. The tape ends. The cameraman then pans the harbor which is now nothing but a firestorm. At this, Myles breaks down, saying "Oh, my God!" on the air. More chaos is revealed in Charleston itself: scenes of fires , destruction and wounded people. It is revealed that the government\'s intention was to play for time until the Delta Force team could be put on the ship, on the assumption the nuclear response team could defuse the nuclear weapon. Now, local authorities and the government have to deal with the destruction of a city, and after showing scenes of mass destruction farther out from the blast, a tearful John Woodley can only say "This is a very dark moment" as the image fades to black. The film then moves ahead three days to reveal the aftermath of the explosion. Thanks to the evacuation, the immediate death toll was less than 2,000; however, another 25,000 suffer severe injuries, including about 4,800 severe burn cases, at a time when the total number of burn unit beds in the United States numbers only about 2,400. Some half a million are left homeless due to inland fallout and the region is expected to be uninhabitable for decades. At this point, the broadcast shifts its attentions from the destruction of Charleston to cover other chaotic subjects around the world such as  which have continued to occur despite the destruction of Charleston.'] ['A magician shows a girl a magic trick, causing a bird to vanish and then reappear in his hand. Magician Alfred Borden  is sentenced for the murder of rival Robert Angier . Both were assistants for "Milton the Magician"  with ingénieur John Cutter . Angier\'s wife Julia  drowned performing a water cell act and Angier blames Borden, who professes not to remember if he had tied her with an inappropriate knot. The two become bitter competitors, disrupting each other\'s acts. Borden becomes "The Professor" with the enigmatic Bernard Fallon as his ingénieur while Angier becomes "The Great Danton" with the lovely Olivia Wenscombe  and Cutter assisting. The magic trick from the beginning of the movie is explained: the original bird is crushed and replaced with a double. Angier is incensed when Borden meets and marries Sarah  and they have a daughter, Jess . Angier sabotages Borden\'s bullet catch, costing Borden two fingers. Borden then ruins Angier\'s victimless bird cage act, maiming an audience member, killing the dove, and damaging Angier\'s reputation. Borden soon surprises with "The Transported Man", where he enters one cabinet and exits another. Angier and Cutter argue over its possibility, with Cutter insisting it is a double and Angier refusing to accept the possibility. Unable to understand Borden\'s trick, Angier hires a look-alike  actor Root  to allow him to steal Borden\'s general idea. "The New Transported Man" is a success, but Angier resents hiding under the stage as Root gets the applause. He sends Olivia to discover Borden’s secret but she resents the obsession and falls in love with Borden instead; she leaves Borden\'s encrypted diary of tricks to Angier as a parting gift. Borden already understood Angier\'s trick, but Olivia allows him to influence Root to ask for more pay; Borden then completely ruins the act by removing a pad below the stage\'s trap door, crippling Angier, and displaying a tied-up Root before the audience, turning the routine into an advertisement for his own show. Angier and Cutter capture and bury Fallon alive to be released for the key to Borden\'s trick and the keyword to the diary\'s cipher. Borden professes that both are "Tesla" and Angier pursues Nikola Tesla  to Colorado Springs alone after Cutter abandons him to his obsession. Angier pays Tesla to make a copy of a teleportation machine that he believed Borden used, providing the inventor with much-needed financing after Edison\'s smear campaign proves successful in drying up other sources. Angier finishes deciphering Borden\'s diary to discover it was a fraud supplied by Olivia, but an angry confrontation with Tesla reveals that his machine actually works, but creates duplicates. Thomas Edison\'s henchmen arrive to torch the lab and Tesla leaves, although not before completing Angier\'s machine and warning him to destroy it. Meanwhile, Borden\'s preoccupation with magic and affair with Olivia alienate Sarah, who hangs herself. Borden\'s cold response then leaves Olivia disaffected. Angier returns to London, electrifying audiences with "The Real Transported Man", vanishing within the machine and reappearing in the back of the hall. In reality, the machine creates a duplicate; it is left unclear whether the original Angier is teleported or remains in the machine, but the one left in the machine falls through a trap door and plunges into a water cell, drowning. The tanks are disposed of by blind stage hands every night. Borden witnesses Angier drown while snooping backstage and tries to save him but is caught and convicted of murder, the opening of the film. In prison, Borden is visited by the agent of a Lord Caldlow, who offers to care for Jess in exchange for Borden\'s secrets. Borden is given Angier\'s diary and finds his conviction has been orchestrated, then discovers that Lord Caldlow is the yet-living Angier when the lord arrives to collect the secrets. Borden attempts to give them but Caldlow rips them to pieces without reading them, before leaving with Jess. Borden is hanged, after commanding Fallon to live for them both. Cutter learns that Caldlow has bought all of Angier\'s tricks, including the machine, and visits Caldlow\'s estate to plead for its destruction. He recognises Angier, who admits he has always been Lord Caldlow but pretended to be the American Robert Angier to spare his family the embarrassment of his theatrical career. Cutter realises Borden\'s death was planned but, unable to have Caldlow come forward, accompanies him to store Tesla\'s machine beneath his theatre among the tanks previously used for the duplicates. On his way out, Cutter recognises and nods to Fallon as Fallon enters and shoots Caldlow. Fallon\'s disguise removed, he tells the dying Caldlow that he and Borden were identical twins who shared their lives on stage and off. He removed the ends of his own fingers to duplicate Borden\'s injury and the two shared lovers to maintain the illusion of being a single man. Fallon reveals they each loved one woman — Borden loved their late wife Sarah and survived, while Fallon loved their mistress Olivia and died. Caldlow reveals his machine\'s own trick, repeatedly recreating Julia\'s suffering in order to bask in the admiration of the crowd. Borden leaves him to die as a fire consumes the building. The first scene of the film replays, with the magician  vanishing  the bird for the delight of the little girl . This time, the scene continues and Fallon/Borden appears to reclaim his daughter."The Prestige". DailyScript.com. Retrieved August 27, 2012.'] ['John Skillpa, a quiet bank clerk living in tiny Peacock, Nebraska, prefers to live an invisible life in order to hide his secret: He has multiple personality disorder, the implied result of childhood trauma inflicted by his abusive mother. His alter ego is a woman, Emma, who each morning does his chores and cooks him breakfast before he starts the day. One day while he is out of his house as Emma, a freight train caboose derails and crashes into John\'s backyard. When his neighbors come to the scene, "Emma" enters his house, putting John\'s other life into the spotlight, so he is forced to tell his neighbors that Emma is his wife, married in secrecy. Forced to fool the town into believing he and his alter ego are man and wife, John and Emma must maintain their secret while in public view. A young and struggling single mother, Maggie, holds the key to John\'s past and sparks a battle between the personalities where Emma begins to take over John\'s life completely.'] ['Three boys, Jimmy Markum, Sean Devine and Dave Boyle, play hockey in a Boston street in 1975. Spotting wet concrete, the boys commence writing their names into it when a car pulls up with two men, pretending to be police officers. One of the men gets out and berates the boys for their actions, and tells Dave to get into the car. The men are pedophiles, and hold Dave captive and sexually abuse him for four days, until he escapes. Twenty-five years later, the boys are now grown and, while they still live in Boston, have drifted apart. Jimmy  is an ex-con running a neighborhood store, while Dave  is a blue-collar worker, still haunted by his abduction. The two are still neighbors and related by marriage. Jimmy\'s 19-year-old daughter Katie  is secretly dating Brendan Harris, a boy Jimmy despises. She and Brendan are planning to run away together to Las Vegas. Katie goes out for the night with her girlfriends and is seen by Dave at a local bar. That night, Katie is murdered, and Dave comes home with an injured hand and blood on his clothes, which his wife Celeste  helps him clean up. Dave claims that he fought off a mugger and "bashed his head into the concrete", and possibly killed him. Sean , who is now a detective with the Massachusetts State Police, investigates Katie\'s murder. In a subplot, Sean\'s pregnant wife Lauren has left him. Over the course of the film, Sean and his partner, Sergeant Whitey Powers , track down leads while Jimmy conducts his own investigation using his neighborhood connections. Sean discovers that the gun used to kill Katie was also used in a liquor store robbery during the 1980s by "Just Ray" Harris, the father of Katie\'s boyfriend. Harris has been missing since 1989, but Brendan claims he still sends his family $500 every month. Brendan also feigns ignorance about Ray\'s gun but Sean believes that it was still in the house. Sergeant Powers suspects Dave as a possible perpetrator because he was one of the last people to see Katie alive. He also has a wounded hand and even though he continues to tell his wife he got it while being mugged, he tells the police a different story – soon Jimmy becomes suspicious of it. Dave continues to behave strangely, which upsets his wife to the point she is afraid he will hurt her. While Jimmy and his associates conduct their investigation, Dave\'s wife eventually tells Jimmy about Dave\'s behavior and the bloody clothing and her suspicions. Jimmy and his friends get Dave drunk at a local bar. When Dave leaves the bar, the men follow him out. Jimmy tells Dave that he shot "Just Ray" Harris at that same location for ratting him out and sending him to jail. Jimmy informs Dave that his wife thinks he murdered Katie and tells Dave that he will let him live if he confesses; if he does not he will kill him. Dave repeatedly tells Jimmy that he did kill someone but it was not Katie: he beat a child molester to death after finding him having sex with a child prostitute in a car. Jimmy does not believe Dave\'s claim and threatens him with a knife. When Dave finally admits to killing Katie thinking he can escape with his life, Jimmy kills him and disposes of his body in the adjacent Mystic River. While Dave is being killed, Brendan  confronts his younger brother Ray Jr. and his brother\'s friend John about Katie\'s murder. He beats the two boys and threatens to kill them if they do not admit their guilt, but he is almost shot by John. Sean and Powers arrive just in time to stop it. The next morning, Sean tells Jimmy that the police have Katie\'s murderers – who have confessed. She was killed by Brendan\'s brother and his friend John O\'Shea in a violent prank gone wrong: The kids got hold of Just Ray\'s gun and saw a car coming which happened to be Katie. John aimed the gun just to scare her but the gun went off by accident. The car veered onto the curb and Katie got out and ran into the park. Silent Ray and John pursued her so she wouldn\'t tell anyone. The beating Katie received was from Silent Ray who had a hockey stick. Once she was beaten, John shot her again, killing her. Sean asks Jimmy if he has seen Dave, because he is wanted for questioning in another case, the murder of a known child molester. A distraught Jimmy thanks Sean for finding his daughter\'s killers, but says "if only you had been a little faster." Sean asks Jimmy if he\'s going to "send Celeste Boyle $500 a month too?". Sean reunites with his wife and his daughter Nora, after apologizing for "driving her away". Jimmy goes to his wife, Annabeth  and confesses. She comforts him and tells him that he is a king and that kings always make the right decision. At a town parade, Sean sees Jimmy, and mimics shooting him, to let Jimmy know he is watching.'] ["Leigh-Anne Williams's mother committed suicide when she was a child, and she and her brother both suffered abuse at the hands of their father. Leigh-Anne is very protective towards her baby daughter Rebecca, and still has visits from Rebecca's father's mother  - though Leigh-Anne gets angry when Annette suggests that Rebecca would be better off in her care. The father of her baby is in prison , while Leanne's family is similarly dysfunctional; her mother committed suicide, while her abusive father went on to marry her mother's sister. As well as Gavin, she has a sister in her early teens and a baby sister from her father's marriage to her aunt. Despite being less than 20 years old, Leigh-Anne has made quite a few significant enemies in her local area. She is involved in constant confrontations with her Turkish Muslim neighbour Hassan Osman, and is so desperate to support her baby that she will committ the most shocking acts. One notable act is when she tricks a man out of £30 by pretending to be a pimp. She then gets a younger girl  to have sex with the man, who is much older. Three of the few people who have good relationships with Leigh-Anne are her brother Gavin, and Gavin's friends Robbie and Stephen. But they are actively involved in crime and anti-social behaviour, and Leigh-Anne is a willing participant in many of their crimes. She receives regular visits from a social worker, and fears that Rebecca will be taken away from her. Leigh-Anne then sees her social worker talking with Hassan Osman, and believes that Hassan is trying to get Rebecca taken into care. Leigh-Anne, Gavin, Robbie and Stephen are at a library one day when they come across Hassan Osman and his daughter Julie, who is an ex-girlfriend of Gavin's - their relationship was effectively ended by Hassan's disapproval. An argument starts as they leave the centre and it turns into a full scale street fight in which the three boys attack Hassan while Leigh-Anne looks on. The story ends when Leigh-Anne returns home and gets a visit from the police, who want to question her in connection with an attack on Hassan Osman - he had died as a result of the beating. She goes to the police station with them and as they are leaving the house, her three friends are also been taken away - Robbie still wearing the bloodstained jumper that he wore during the attack. The very end of the film sees Leigh-Anne crying uncontrollably in police custody after her daughter has been handed over to Social Services, and her own social worker has informed her that nobody ever wanted to remove her daughter from her, and that the reason she spoke to Hassan Osman was about his own daughter's issues. Meanwhile, Julie reveals to the police that she is pregnant with Gavin's baby."] ["Oshiga  and Osono are sisters whose father was killed by Shinzaemon, Shinkichi's samurai father, due to a debt dispute. Upon his death, Oshiga and Osono's father vowed revenge for his wrongful murder. His body is dumped in a mysterious lake that's believed to be cursed and haunted by a woman, who was wrongfully killed by her husband many years ago. Shortly after, Shinzaemon kills his wife and himself, leaving their baby, Shinkichi, orphaned and in care of his uncle. Years later, Oshiga, now a respected teacher who runs a school for young girls in Edo, falls in love with a young tobacco vendor named Shinkichi , who lives with his uncle. Shinkichi and Oshiga decide to live together as husband and wife, but Shinkichi begins flirting with the school's students, especially Oisa. Miserable and invidious, Oshiga becomes mean to the students, who leave one by one. Oshiga quarrels with Osono, who doesn't approve Oshiga's relationship with Shinkichi, prompting her to run away. Shinkichi admonishes Oshiga and declares he wants to end their relationship. She pleads with him not to leave. During this quarrel, Shinkichi accidentally wounds his wife with her shamisen's bachi against her left brow. They reconcile, but Oshiga slowly falls ill from her wound. At a festival, Oshiga's former student Oisa meets Shinkichi, who is there to buy medicine for Oshiga, and they rent a hotel room. There he promises to run away with her. He then goes to his uncle ouse to find that Oshiga is waintig for him and states that he can leave but asks him to promise to stay by her side when she dies. Oshiga meanwhile dies and is given a proper burial. Shinkichi discovers in a letter, left by Oshiga, that warns if he remarries, she will haunt his new wife until the latter dies. He and Oisa elope and flee the city, but they lose their way in the rain. Oshiga's vengeful spirit terrorises the pair until she makes a frightful apparition to her husband. Out of fearful defense, he strikes her with a scythe and to his horror, he realises he's stuck it into Oisa's neck. He passes out on the road. He wakes up in the house of a wealthy man. They discover Oisa's corpse, prompting Shinkichi to run away to Hanyo where he encounters Osono, Oshiga's sister. Osono and Shinkichi mourn the death of Oshiga, and Osono soon finds her former brother-in-law a job. He gives her a small bell as a present. Soon, he's referred as the master of the house. The wealthy man and his wife want Shinkichi to marry their daughter Orui, Oisa's cousin. Shinkichi initially declines. After a blue snake attacks Orui, causing her against a fireplace and Shinkichi notices Orui's burn is in the same place as Oshiga's scar. He hastily agrees to marry Orui. Shinkichi and Orui soon have a daughter, who's born unusually pale with a scar on her left brow. The child eventually displays strange characteristics, which troubles Shinkichi."] [' Jack Torrance  arrives at the Overlook Hotel to interview for the position of winter caretaker, with the aim of using the hotel\'s solitude to work on his writing. The hotel itself is built on the site of a Native American burial ground and becomes completely snowed in during the long winters. Manager Stuart Ullman  warns him that a previous caretaker developed cabin fever and killed his family and himself. Jack\'s son, Danny , has ESP and has had a terrifying premonition about the hotel. Jack\'s wife, Wendy , tells a visiting doctor that Danny has an imaginary friend called Tony and that Jack has given up drinking because he had hurt Danny\'s arm after a binge. The family arrives at the hotel on closing day and is given a tour. The African-AmericanHallorann\'s race is of much greater significance in King\'s novel IT than in this story, although in the film the ghost butler and Jack Torrance refer to Hallorann using racial slurs . African-Americans with supernatural powers are a recurring motif in King\'s novels. chef Dick Hallorann  surprises Danny by telepathically offering him ice cream. He explains to Danny that he and his grandmother shared this telepathic ability, which he calls "shining". Danny asks if there is anything to be afraid of in the hotel, particularly Room 237. Hallorann tells Danny that the hotel itself has a "shine" to it along with many memories, not all of which are good. He also tells Danny to stay out of Room 237. A month passes; while Jack\'s writing project goes nowhere, Danny and Wendy explore the hotel\'s hedge maze. Wendy becomes concerned about the phone lines being out due to the heavy snowfall and Danny has more frightening visions. Jack, increasingly frustrated, starts acting strangely and becomes prone to violent outbursts. Danny\'s curiosity about Room 237 gets the better of him when he sees the room\'s door open. Later, he shows up injured and visibly traumatized, causing Wendy to accuse Jack of abusing Danny. Jack wanders into the hotel\'s Gold Room where he meets a ghostly bartender named Lloyd . Lloyd serves him bourbon on the rocks while Jack complains to him about his marriage. Wendy later tells Jack that Danny told her that a "crazy woman in one of the rooms" was responsible for his injuries. Jack investigates Room 237 where he encounters the ghost of a dead woman, but tells Wendy he saw nothing. Wendy and Jack argue about whether Danny should be removed from the hotel and a furious Jack returns to the Gold Room, now filled with ghosts having a costume party. Here, he meets the ghost of the previous caretaker, Grady , who tells Jack that he must "correct" his wife and child. Meanwhile, in Florida, Hallorann has a premonition that something is wrong at the hotel and takes a flight back to Colorado to investigate. Danny starts calling out "redrum" frantically and goes into a trance, now referring to himself as "Tony".{{anchor}} While searching for Jack, Wendy discovers his typewriter; he has been typing endless pages of manuscript repeating "all work and no play makes Jack a dull boy" formatted in various styles. She is confronted by Jack, who threatens her before she knocks him unconscious with a baseball bat. She manages to drag him into the kitchen and lock him in the pantry, but this does not solve her larger problem; she and Danny are trapped at the hotel since Jack has sabotaged the hotel\'s two-way radio and snowcat. Later, Jack converses through the pantry door with Grady, who then unlocks the door, releasing him. Danny writes "REⱭЯUM" in lipstick on the bathroom door. When Wendy sees this in the bedroom mirror, the letters spell out "MURDƎЯ".In both forwards and backwards orientations, two of the six letters are displayed backwards, the middle DR for REDRUM and the final ER for MURDER. Jack begins to chop through the door leading to his family\'s living quarters with a fire axe. Wendy frantically sends Danny out through the bathroom window, but can\'t get through it herself. Jack then starts chopping through the bathroom door as Wendy screams in horror; he leers through the hole he has made, shouting "Here\'s Johnny!", but backs off after Wendy slashes his hand with a butcher knife. Hearing the engine of the snowcat Hallorann has borrowed to get up the mountain, Jack leaves the room. He kills Hallorann in the lobby and pursues Danny into the hedge maze. Wendy runs through the hotel looking for Danny, encountering several ghosts and a huge cascade of blood from an elevator. Meanwhile, Danny walks backwards in his own tracks and leaps behind a corner, covering his tracks with snow to mislead Jack, who is following his footprints. Wendy and Danny escape in Hallorann\'s snowcat, while Jack freezes to death in the hedge maze. In a photograph in the hotel hallway dated July 4, 1921, Jack Torrance smiles amid a crowd of party revelers.'] ['Tom Ripley is living in Veneto and is involved in an art scam in Berlin, partnered with Reeves, a thuggish British gangster whom he orders to remain out on the street as the deal takes place. A violent argument breaks out in which Ripley kills one of his "customers." He gives the money to Reeves but takes the artwork for himself, curtly informing Reeves that their partnership is over. Three years later, Ripley is extremely wealthy, living in a lush Venetian villa with his wife Luisa, a beautiful harpsichordist. One day, a neighbor invites him to a party, and has a pleasant time until he overhears the host, Jonathan Trevanny, insulting his taste and making a guarded reference to his questionable past. Ripley briefly confronts him, then sullenly leaves the party. Reeves resurfaces, much to Ripley\'s annoyance, asking him to eliminate a rival mobster. Remembering the slight, Ripley recommends that an amateur do it &mdash; Trevanny, a law-abiding art framer who is dying of leukemia. Reeves offers a bewildered Trevanny the job, which he turns down. He is tempted by the money, however, which he could leave to his wife, Sarah, and son, Matthew, upon his death. He eventually goes through with the job, a hit in Berlin, which he assumes will be a one-time-only assignment. Reeves has other ideas, however; he blackmails Trevanny into taking on another assassination, this time a complicated one on a train. Trevanny panics and freezes up on the train, but Ripley intervenes in the nick of time. After the two of them dispatch three hoodlums in the W.C., Trevanny forms an uneasy friendship with Ripley and returns home. He then vainly attempts to persuade Sarah that the money he suddenly possesses is the result of gambling wins in Berlin. The victims\' associates come to Italy seeking revenge; they storm the villa and kill Reeves, leaving his body in the boot of their car. Ripley has set traps for them, however, and terminates each, with Trevanny\'s increasingly eager assistance. Trevanny comes home to find two more thugs holding his wife captive. Ripley spots the killers\' car outside in the bushes and doubles back in time to save the day, but in the end Trevanny sacrifices himself to save Ripley from a wounded assassin. Genuinely puzzled by Trevanny\'s selflessness, Ripley tries to give Sarah her husband\'s share of the blood money, but she only spits in his face in reply. That night, Ripley attends Luisa\'s concert as if nothing has happened, but smiles briefly at the memory of Trevanny\'s bravery.'] ['Mary Giordano is a bright, intelligent student who goes to a Catholic school. She is addicted to mystery novels and detective magazines , which inspire her to do her own detective work. When she starts snooping around on the case of murdered teenage girls, it gets her in hot water with her mentor Detective Jerry Guinn. Mary teams up with police cadet Tony Campbell . The two work together to find the murderer and seem to have feelings for one another. But the closer Mary gets to solving the murder, the more danger she puts herself in of being the next victim.'] ["After watching a fire burn her family's Baltimore pizzeria to the ground, 11 year old Reena Hale  decides she wants to be an arson investigator when she grows up. And with the help of mentor John Minger , whom she met during the investigation of her family's restaurant, Reena recognizes her dream. Years later, the grown up Reena buys a house in the old neighborhood, moving in next door to carpenter Bo Goodnight . As Reena and Bo embark on a relationship, a psychopathic arsonist from her past begins wreaking havoc on her life. Reena's stalker threatens her life, and those of her loved ones."] ['Government agent Harry Hannan goes across the Texas border from El Paso to a town in Mexico to meet a contact in a cantina. But it\'s a set-up and his wife is murdered. Harry ends up in a Connecticut sanitarium, where his sanity is in some doubt. He receives a mysterious anonymous letter written in Hebrew and signed: "Avenger of Blood." Helped by a woman named Ellie Fabian who has a few secrets of her own, Harry ends up in a life-threatening climactic chase at Niagara Falls.'] ['As the movie opens, a woman writer with a recently bestselling novel is being questioned about a murder. The story cuts to a young woman abandoned by her traveling companion at a roadside rest stop. A helpful man offers to give her a ride. The story turns on a series of mysterious identities. There is an escaped rapist-killer with a penchant for magic tricks. There is a man who has abandoned his family. And there is a writer’s assistant. Which of these three is the helpful stranger? He is especially suspicious as he begins secretly dictating into a recorder a story about a woman in danger. The man and woman travel from the rest stop to her parents’ home, where her daughter is also living.  The man bonds with the daughter and disappears with her for several hours... By the end of the movie, the plot threads come together and the audience identifies each of the three mysterious characters, as well as the role of the woman writer.'] ['Deborah Ballin , a feminist activist, inspires the wrath of misogynistic psychopath and serial killer Colt Hawker  on a TV talk show. He attacks her, but she survives and is sent to County General Hospital. Hawker begins stalking her. Deborah befriends nurse Sheila Munroe , who admires her devotion to women\'s rights. Hawker murders an elderly patient and a nurse. He overhears Sheila\'s opinions on Deborah and "that bastard" who attacked her. Hawker decides to focus his attention on Sheila, stalking her and her children at home. Hawker courts a young punk girl named Lisa , then brutally beats, tortures, and rapes her. The next day, Deborah discovers that the patient and nurse have been killed, so she suspects her attacker is back to finish the job. She tries to convince her boss, Gary Baylor , and Sheila that she is not safe, but both think she is simply paranoid. Hawker visits his father, who was disfigured years ago by his mother, explaining his hatred for self-defending women. Soon he tries again to kill Deborah, but is thwarted by her security. A frantic Sheila is paged and finds Lisa  waiting for her. Lisa says she knows the identity of Deborah\'s attacker, and where he lives. Before she can alert anyone, Sheila gets an ominous phone call from Hawker, warning her that he is in her house with her young daughter and babysitter. She sends Lisa to warn Deborah, then rushes home, only to find her daughter and babysitter safe in bed. She places a call to Deborah, but a hidden Hawker springs forth, stabs Sheila in the stomach and pushes her to the ground, phone to her ear, torturing her for Deborah to hear. He moves toward Sheila\'s young daughter. Sheila can only scream in terror. At the last second, he walks out, leaving Sheila to die. Hawker goes home, where he devises one last plan to get to Deborah. He busts a beer bottle underneath his arm, wounding himself badly. Gary and Deborah have an ambulance sent to Sheila\'s house. Still alive, but badly wounded, she is rushed to the hospital. Gary accompanies the police to Hawker\'s apartment, where they discover photos of Hawker\'s previous victims, as well as of Deborah and Sheila. They also learn that the wounded Hawker has been taken to County General. Just as Sheila is taken into the emergency room, Hawker is wheeled in. After being bandaged and medicated, Hawker sneaks away to find Deborah and attacks her. She flees to an elevator. In the basement, she goes into a radiography room, finding a helpless Sheila, all alone, waiting for X-rays. Realizing she must lure Hawker away to protect Sheila, Deborah leaves and deliberately gives her location away. As Hawker approaches the curtain she is hiding behind, Deborah stabs and kills him. Sheila is wheeled to safety, while Gary comforts Deborah, who faints at the sight of what she has done.  {| class="wikitable" |- ! Actor / Actress ! Character |- | Michael Ironside | Colt Hawker |- | Lee Grant | Deborah Ballin |- | Linda Purl | Sheila Munroe |- | William Shatner | Gary Baylor |- | Lenore Zann | Lisa |- | Harvey Atkin | Vinnie Bradshaw |- | Michael J. Reynolds | Porter Halstrom |- | Len Watt | Clement Pine |- | Kirsten Bishop | Denise |- | Robby Robinson  | Matthew |- | Lorena Gale | Nurse 1 |}'] ["After the accidental death of his wife by electrocution, Cal Jamison  moves to New York City, where a rash of brutal, ritualistic child murders, supposedly committed by members of a Hispanic cult practicing a malevolent version of brujería have been confounding the NYPD. Things take a turn for the worse when the cult targets Jamison's son Chris ."] ["Tony Wendice is an ex-professional tennis player who lives in a London flat with his wealthy wife Margot. Tony retired after Margot complained about his busy schedule, and she began an affair with American crime-fiction writer Mark Halliday, which Tony secretly discovered. Motivated by resentment, jealousy, and greed, Tony devises a plan to have Margot murdered. When Mark visits England, Margot introduces him to Tony as a casual acquaintance. After sending the two lovers out for the evening, Tony makes an excuse to meet at the flat with petty criminal C.A. Swann, an old acquaintance from Cambridge. Tony has been following Swann in order to blackmail him into committing the murder. Tony tells Swann of Margot's affair, including a love letter from Mark which she once kept in her handbag. Six months ago, Tony stole the handbag and anonymously blackmailed her. After tricking Swann into leaving his fingerprints on the letter, Tony offers to pay him £1,000 to kill Margot. If he refuses, Tony will turn him in to the police as the blackmailer. When Swann agrees, Tony explains his plan. He will take Mark to a party, leaving Margot at home and hiding her latchkey under the carpet on the staircase outside the front door of the flat. Swann is to sneak into the flat after Margot goes to bed and hide behind the curtains in front of the French doors leading to the garden. When Tony telephones from the party at 11 p.m., Margot will go to the phone. Swann is to kill her from behind, open the French doors, and leave signs suggesting a burglary gone wrong, then exit through the front door, again hiding the key under the staircase carpet. The plan works until Tony phones the flat later than intended, as his watch has stopped. Swann, about to give up waiting, has already put the key back under the staircase carpet when the phone rings. He tries to strangle Margot with a scarf, but she defends herself with a pair of scissors, killing him. She then picks up the telephone receiver and pleads for help. Realizing the plan has gone wrong, Tony tells her not to do anything. At home, he calls the police, sends Margot to bed. Then he moves what he assumes is Margot's latchkey from Swann's pocket into her handbag, plants Mark's letter on Swann, and replaces Swann's scarf with one of Margot's stockings. He also persuades Margot to hide the fact that he told her not to call the police. The next day, Chief Inspector Hubbard questions the Wendices and Margot makes several conflicting statements. When Hubbard explains that Swann must have entered through the front door, Tony falsely claims to have seen Swann after Margot's handbag was stolen and suggests that Swann made a copy of her key. Hubbard does not believe that story because no key was found on Swann. Hubbard arrests Margot after concluding that she killed Swann for blackmailing her with Mark's letter when he came to collect. Margot is found guilty and sentenced to death for murder. On the day before her scheduled execution, Mark tries to persuade Tony to save her by telling the police that he hired Swann to kill her. Tony refuses, insisting the story is too unrealistic, just before Hubbard arrives. With Mark hiding in the bedroom, Hubbard asks Tony about money he has been spending lately, tricks him into revealing that his latchkey is in his raincoat, and asks him about an attaché case. Tony claims to have lost the case, but Mark notices it on the bed, full of cash. Realizing his story is true, Mark stops Hubbard from leaving and explains his theory. Hubbard claims to prefer Tony's story that Margot gathered the money to pay Swann before deciding to kill him, but after Mark leaves, Hubbard discreetly swaps his own raincoat with Tony's, and as soon as Tony has left, he uses Tony's key to re-enter the flat. He really does suspect Tony, having discovered that the key in Margot's handbag was Swann's. Mark returns after seeing Tony leave. Meanwhile, on Hubbard's orders, police officers release Margot. She tries to unlock the door with the key in her purse, then enters through the garden, proving she is unaware of the hidden key. Hubbard has the handbag returned to the police station, where Tony retrieves it after discovering that he has no key. When he is unable to unlock the front door with the key from the bag, he takes Margot's key from the staircase and opens the door, proving his guilt. With his escape routes blocked by Hubbard and another policeman, Tony makes himself a drink."] ['"Rusty" Sabich  is a prosecutor and the right-hand man of Prosecuting Attorney Raymond Horgan . When his colleague Carolyn Polhemus  is found raped and murdered in her apartment, Raymond insists that Rusty take charge of the investigation. The election for County PA is approaching and Tommy Molto , the acting head of Homicide, has left to join the rival campaign of Nico Della Guardia . Rusty, a married man, faces a conflict of interest since he had an affair with Carolyn. When he showed little ambition, and would therefore be of little use to her career, she dumped him. He has since made up with his wife, , but is still obsessed with Carolyn. Detective Greer  is initially in charge of the case, but Sabich has him replaced with Detective Lipranzer , whom he persuades to narrow the inquiry so that his relationship with Carolyn is left out. Rusty soon realizes that Molto is making his own inquiries. Aspects of the crime suggest that the killer knew police evidence-gathering procedures and covered it up accordingly. Semen has been found in the victim\'s body but contains only dead sperm. The killer\'s blood type was A, the same as Sabich\'s. When Nico wins the election, he and Molto accuse Rusty of the crime and push to get evidence against him. They have Rusty\'s fingerprints on a beer glass from Carolyn\'s apartment, and fibers from his carpet at home match those found on her body. Lipranzer is removed from the case and Greer\'s inquiries uncover the affair. Rusty calls on "Sandy" Stern , a top defense attorney, who agrees to take the case. At trial, it is revealed that the beer glass is missing. This was a crucial piece of the prosecution\'s case and Sandy persuades Judge Larren Lyttle  to keep this from the jury. Raymond testifies and perjures himself, claiming that Rusty insisted on handling the investigation, thus confirming the prosecution\'s claim of a cover-up. Rusty discovers that Carolyn had acquired a file for a bribery case involving a man called Leon who paid a bribe to get his case thrown out of court. The probation officer who set the whole thing up was Carolyn and the deputy prosecutor in charge of the case was Molto. The thrust of Sandy\'s defense is that Molto and Nico have set Rusty up as part of a cover-up of the bribery case. Lipranzer tracks down Leon and he reveals that the official who took the bribe was in fact Larren Lyttle, the judge handling Rusty\'s trial. During the cross-examination of the coroner Dr. Kumagai , it is revealed that Carolyn had undergone a tubal ligation, making it impossible for her to become pregnant. She would have no reason to use the spermicidal contraceptive which was found on her. Sandy asserts that the only explanation for this discrepancy is that the fluid sample was not actually taken from Carolyn\'s body. Based on the disappearance of the beer glass, the lack of motive, and the fact that the fluid sample was rendered meaningless, there is no direct evidence to tie Rusty to the murder. Judge Lyttle dismisses the charges. Sandy admits that he and Raymond knew Lyttle was taking bribes, and Carolyn was his courier. Lyttle offered his resignation, but Raymond believed that he was a brilliant judge and should be given another chance. Lipranzer reveals to Rusty that he has the beer glass, which he never returned to the evidence room. Molto signed it as "returned to evidence" when it was still at the lab and, when it was returned to Lip, he kept it in his desk drawer. Rusty throws the beer glass into the river. Some time later, Rusty comes across a small hatchet with blood and hair on it and realizes that they are Carolyn\'s. He confronts his wife, and, referring to herself in the third person, she relates how she committed the crime. She assumed it would be filed under unsolved cases, not anticipating he would be charged with the murder. In a final voice-over he says that the murder of Carolyn has been written off as unsolved.'] ['Comic book fan Les Franken  signs up for an experimental antidepressant. Dr. Dobson  instructs him to take one pill per day. Les creates a diary for his experiences, but feels no results. Les\' feelings of reluctance keep him from getting to know Maggie , a quiet girl who works at a grocery store. After several days of taking the pill, Les experiences supernatural powers, beginning with the ability to float. Paying a visit to Dobson, he sees himself floating, but Dobson sees him lying on the floor: Les has no powers at all. He explains that Les is having an adverse psychotic reaction to the drug and orders him to stop taking it. Les instead convinces himself that he has telepathy and Dobson is telling him to continue taking the drug. Gaining self-confidence, Les quits his job in order to become a crime-fighting vigilante, and gains a reputation for tackling people after stopping a gunman from robbing Maggie\'s store, believing he is picking up telepathic intent to rob stores. He confides his new gifts to best friends Joey  and Everett ([[Robert Baker , who think he\'s playing when he displays his phasing "power", only to run into a wall. Les tries to join the police, but escapes when he is sought for the assaults. After Dobson learns that Les is still taking the drug and getting worse, he calls on two representatives, Ted  and Jonas , to talk Les out of taking the drugs. Les believes they are there to take his powers away , so his "future self" stabs Jonas in the ear and Les runs off. Les "teleports"  Ted and knocks him out then escapes to join Everett and Joey, who believe "the suits" are nonsense like Les\' powers. On the way to Dobson, Les stops a purse snatcher, which astounds his two friends. They go to Dobson, who claims to have never seen Les, but gives the two friends a liquid to flush the medication from Les\' body. Les leaves all three and finds that Jonas and Ted have broken into his apartment and are reading through his diary, talking about kidnapping him for a few days for the drug to work its way out of his system. Dobson confesses that Les\' reaction could ruin the company if the word got out. Dobson notes that he attempted to recover his career and life, while Les swallows the remaining pills. After Les leaves and makes Ted and Jonas "disappear", the pair beat up Les until he snaps and knocks both out. Realizing that he is losing his mind, he runs to Maggie\'s store. She reveals she likes him, but does not speak to him because of a stutter; Les admits to liking her and requests to be locked up until the drug leaves his system. Les awakens the following morning to find he cannot float. In his walk home, Jonas runs him down with his car and Ted leaves as Jonas repeatedly hits Les with the automobile, until Les walks off injured, but now with confidence.'] ['The family of Tom Williams make holidays in California. The family is kidnapped by Eddie, his girlfriend Lonnie and Franklin Ross. They want 1.2 million dollars.'] ['In Madrid in 1980, Enrique Goded, a young film director, is looking for his next project when he receives the unexpected visit of an actor looking for work. The actor claims to be Enrique\'s boarding school friend and first love, Ignacio Rodriguez. Ignacio, who is using now the name Ángel Andrade, has brought with him a short story titled "The Visit" hoping that Enrique would be interested in making a film out of it giving him the starring role. Enrique is intrigued since "The Visit" described their time together at the Catholic school and it also includes a fictionalized account of their reunion many years later as adults. "The Visit" is set in 1977. It tells the story of a drag artist and transsexual called Zahara, whose name at birth is Ignacio. Zahara plans to rob a drunken admirer but discovers that the man is her boyhood lover Enrique. Next she visits her old school and confronts father Manolo, who abused her when she was a boy. She demands one million pesetas from him in exchange for halting publication of her story "The Visit". The story is set in a Catholic boarding school for boys in 1964. At the school, Ignacio, a young boy with a beautiful singing voice, is the object of lust of Father Manolo, the school principal and literature teacher. Ignacio has found his first love and cinema in the company of Enrique, a classmate. One night Father Manolo discovers them together and threatens to expel Enrique. In an attempt to prevent this, Ignacio gives himself to Father Manolo. The priest molests Ignacio, but expels Enrique anyway. Enrique wants to adapt Ignacio\'s story into a film, but Ángel\'s condition is that he plays the part of Zahara, the transsexual lead. Enrique remains skeptical, for he feels that the Ignacio whom he loved and the Ignacio of today are totally different people. He drives to Galicia to Ignacio\'s mother and learns that the real Ignacio has been dead for four years and that the man who came to his office is really Ignacio\'s younger brother, Juan. Enrique\'s interest is piqued, and he decides to do the movie with Juan in the role of Ignacio to find out what drives Juan. Enrique and Ángel start a relationship, and Enrique revises the script so that it ends with Father Manolo, whom Ignacio was trying to blackmail to get money for sex reassignment surgery, having Ignacio murdered. When the scene is shot, Ángel breaks out in tears unexpectedly. The movie set is visited by Manuel Berenguer, who is the real Father Manolo, who has resigned from Church duty. Berenguer confesses to Enrique that the new ending of the film is not far from the truth: the real Ignacio blackmailed Berenguer, who somehow managed to scratch together the money but also took an interest in Ignacio\'s younger brother, Juan. Juan and Manuel started a relationship and after a while realized they both wanted to see Ignacio dead. Juan scored some very pure heroin, so that his brother would die by overdose after shooting up. After the crime, the relationship disintegrates; Berenguer wants to continue the relationship with Juan, but Juan is uninterested. Berenguer claims that he will never let Juan go, and Juan threatens to kill him if Berenguer continues to pursue him. Berenguer attempts to blackmail Juan for his part in the murder of Ignacio. Enrique is shocked and not at all interested in Juan\'s weak vindications for what he did to his brother. Finally, before he leaves, Juan gives Enrique a piece of paper: a letter to Enrique that Ignacio was in the middle of typing when he died. In the epilogue, it is mentioned that Enrique releases his film later and achieves great success. Despite the grief and guilt of his brother, Juan also achieves success, but was later relegated to television work. Berenguer dies in a hit-and-run .'] ['In Paris during 1890, 104-year-old Georges Bonnet  is a sculptor who maintains a youthful appearance by regularly murdering women and using their parathyroid glands as an elixir to ward off the signs of age. When Bonnet requires a vital surgery to be undertaken he asks his old colleague Prof. Ludwig Weiss  to perform it. He declines and Bonnet then blackmails Pierre Gerard  into performing the operation by endangering the life of Janine Dubois , a young lady both Bonnet and Gerard are romantically interested in.'] ["The story involves a fake psychic, Blanche Tyler ([[Barbara Harris , and her con artist taxi driver boyfriend, George Lumley , who attempt to locate the nephew of a wealthy and guiltridden old woman, Julia Rainbird . Julia, one of Blanche's clients, was responsible for her now-deceased sister giving up a boy for adoption years earlier and now wants to make him her heir. She will pay $10,000 if he is found. However, the nephew and prospective heir is now a successful jeweler in San Francisco known as Arthur Adamson , who has a secret and lurid past, having apparently murdered his adoptive parents and faked his own death. He and his live-in girlfriend, Fran , have successfully kidnapped an assortment of millionaires and dignitaries, returning them when the ransom, in the form of a valuable gemstone, has been delivered, each of which they hide in their chandelier. They enlist Maloney , who assisted Arthur in the murder of his adoptive parents, to kill Blanche and George. However, Maloney's effort fails when he drives off a cliff while pursuing Blanche and George. When Arthur learns that Blanche and George are pursuing him, he suspects the worst, putting their lives in danger."] ["After traveling to a small village in Ecuador, Miami tabloid news reporter Manolo Bonilla  witnesses the death of a local boy after Vinicio Cepeda, a traveling salesman, hits the boy in his pickup truck. When Cepeda attempts to back his truck away from the boy, a mob, led by the boy's father, Don Lucho, pulls him from his car, severely beats him, and sets him on fire before the local authorities intervene. After both men are arrested, Cepeda is examined at the jail infirmary and taken to his cell where, later that night, he is attacked by Don Lucho and severely injured. The next morning Manolo Bonilla comes to the prison to interview the men involved. After agreeing to an interview alongside Cepeda, Lucho attacks Cepeda a second time and is taken away. The interview with Cepeda is cancelled due to concerns about Manolo's safety; however, before the reporter leaves, Cepeda notifies him that he has information on the Monster of Babahoyo, a notorious murderer and rapist in the area, and tells him the location where one of the murderer's victims, a nine year old girl, is buried. Manolo agrees to interview Cepeda and attempts to free him from prison in exchange for information about the murders. Later that evening Manolo and his cameraman Ivan drive to the location Cepeda mentioned and dig up a shallow grave, indeed containing the body of a small girl. Over the following days Manolo begins interviewing Cepeda, as well as Cepeda’s wife, son, and babysitter. While interviewing Cepeda, Manolo begins to suspect that Cepeda is, in fact, the Monster of Babahoyo and using him to exonerate himself. After attempting to get Cepeda to incriminate himself, Cepeda tells Manolo to leave and never come back before Manolo informs him that the interview which would free him will not be aired. Manolo calls the authorities and tells them that he had been receiving anonymous calls about the location of the girl's grave. He discovers circumstantial evidence placing Cepeda at the locations of the murders on the dates they occurred; however, despite Manolo's request, the news agency airs Cepeda's interviews which help set Cepeda free. After being interviewed by authorities, Manolo and his crew return to Cepeda's home in search of him only to find that he left his pregnant wife alone at their house and took their son to school before leaving the area. Manolo is offered his own show on the news network and, after deciding against turning over the evidence to the police, the team arrives at the airport and part ways."] ['A family, the Stilwins embark on a vacation into desolate Baja California and a remote, deserted fishing spot along the coast the father used to frequent with his old military buddies. At a roadside barricade heading into the serious Baja outback, they are inspected by police but aren’t told about a deranged killer who has escaped from prison and is at large in the area. Upon arrival at the secret fishing spot, young Bobby goes exploring out onto a rotting pier. He can’t work his way back, and when Dad attempts to come to his son’s rescue, the pier gives way. Dad isn’t hurt, but a piling falls on his leg and traps him on the beach just as the tide is coming in. The Stilwins quickly determine that if Pop isn’t freed within a few hours, he will drown in the rising surf. All attempts to move the log are futile and wife Helen takes the car to get help. However, an escaped criminal kidnaps her. Can the woman get back to her husband before he drowns in the surf?'] ["Two years after her husband's death, Christine Faber  thinks she hears her late husband  calling out of the surf on the beach one night. She meets a tall dark man named Alexis  who seems to know all about her. After more ghostly manifestations, Christine and her younger sister  become enmeshed in the strange life of Alexis; but he in turn finds himself manipulated into deeper cruelness than he had in mind."] ["A cocky unseen filmmaker  documents three young women about a murder they committed. Raven,  the ringleader, believes in serene dimensions beyond this world and has the power to send you there. After all, she doesn't call it murder. She and her two minions, Angel  and Jessie  call it Transcendence and it's the greatest gift to give. These girls want to spread their philosophy and this Director is just the man to do it. His desire to make a movie keeps him involved as he documents and recreates the girls glorious murder night. The complicated lives of these three women unfold freely before the camera. However, without their knowledge, the Director has his own agenda and the documentary project starts to become about seduction and voyeurism. The girls' stories appall yet captivate the Director as he finds himself becoming entangled in their grand plan. But Raven tries to control the production by keeping everyone in her psychological grip. Ultimately, the production goes terribly wrong and a power struggle ensues with the Director fearing for his life."] ["A huge solar flare is predicted to fry the Earth. Astronauts aboard the spaceship Helios must go to the Sun to drop a bomb equipped with an Artificial Intelligence  and a Japanese pilot  at the right time so the flare will point somewhere else. Giant IXL Corp CEO Teague thinks the flare will not happen and wants the mission to fail so he can buy the planet cheaply while the scare lasts. Employee Haas prepares a surprise for the astronauts. While Steve Kelso commands the space ship where temperature rises, Steve's father Admiral 'Skeet' Kelso is searching the desert for Steve' son Mike who has gone AWOL to say goodbye to his dad but who inadvertently crossed the path of the guys from IXL after meeting desert-dweller Travis. The novel Starfire by Paul Preuss, about a near-future spacecraft making a close encounter with the sun, appears to have a connection with this movie.{{Citation needed}}"] ['Director Bart Mastronardi’s VINDICATION is a coming of age psychological horror thriller about Nicolas Bertram, whose attempt at suicide fails causing his own guilt to manifest into reality sending the confused young man off on a path of self-discovery that is filled with terror, madness, and horror. At the age of twenty Nicolas Bertram is a first year Art student at college whose career appears to be on the right track, but Nicolas’ life has been filled with the guilt of unfortunate certain events. With no money and barely able to pay for college, Nicolas eases his guilt as a cutter; someone who leaves slashes of razor marks on his body due to emotional pain. His only friend that he confides in is his roommate, Michel Rodriguez, a young gay man majoring in Art with Nicolas. Michel tells Nicolas of his own father who beat him for being gay, but informs Nicolas that the guilt Nicolas holds onto will show no mercy unless Nicolas learns to accept it and move on in his life. After class Nicolas decides to visit his father for some help but doesn’t receive a warm welcome from his dad. After leaving his father’s place Nicolas returns to his apartment, out of an act of despair Nicolas decides to end his life by slitting his wrist in his bathtub. Only Nicolas survives his bloody suicidal attempt releasing the guilt inside of him to manifest into reality, which directs Nicolas to finally come out to live the life he was destined to live. Nicolas’ very own conscious manifests into reality calling itself Kon’Shens, who tell Nicolas to listen to the apparition’s as they will appear to him and give Nicolas’ directions on his new path. Each apparition directs and reminds Nicolas to realize guilt will continue to show no mercy unless he accepts the truth of who he is in life. Nicolas knows he must vindicate himself on this horrific journey, which leads a trail of blood, murder, madness and mayhem.'] ["Carol  is a young woman recovering from her recent, although not the first, nervous breakdown. She has just inherited Midnight, an abandoned nightclub in a seedy neighbourhood that was previously owned by her recently deceased mysterious uncle Fletcher . She moves out of the home of her trashy mother Betty  and into the nightclub and starts renovating it in hopes of re-opening it one day soon. However, she quickly finds out that things are not as they seem as she discovers a secret section of the club that was being used as a brothel catering to clients with sexually perverted tendencies. Carol becomes a victim of rape at the hands of three burglars who break into the club. Due to her history of psychological problems, the police have a hard time believing that what she's telling them is the truth. She makes a friend in Lieutenant Sharpe , a detective who claims to have been sent in to investigate the break-in and who seems to believe her story. However, Sharpe is later revealed to be an impostor who was previously imprisoned because of Carol's uncle Fletcher."] ['Six months after her young son Diego mysteriously disappears while travelling by ferry to the island of El Hierro, Maria is finally overcoming the pain of her loss. However, a phone call notifying her of the discovery of a child\'s body on the island forces her to go back to the island. Her return to the sinister island full of malevolent characters marks the beginning of a nightmarish journey where she learns that "some mysteries should never be revealed".New Image Gallery: Hierro'] ["Duchovny plays Eugene Sands, a surgeon who has his medical license revoked after operating under the influence of amphetamines and opiates. Hutton's character, a crime lord named Raymond Blossom, happens upon him in a bar where he saves someone's life with an emergency procedure to inflate a collapsed lung. Blossom hires Sands as his personal physician, patching up his accomplices when they cannot go to a hospital, and tending to the crime boss and his girlfriend, Claire . In the final act of the film, Claire and Sands become involved, and he must face up to conflicting loyalties to Blossom, Claire, and the FBI agent who has blackmailed him into being an informant."] ['Three high school teachers, Ed, Doris, and Carl, are driving through rural Southern California on their way to a Dodgers game in Los Angeles. The group’s Chevrolet Belair has some trouble and they are forced to pull off to a gas station/junkyard on the side of the road. After examining the vehicle Ed concludes that the fuel pump will need to be replaced. Doris and Carl search the junkyard looking for the owner, but they cannot find him. In the residence Carl finds a warm meal with a table set for four, but oddly enough nobody is in the house. The three realize this is very peculiar and start to seriously worry about their situation. At this point Charlie Tibbs, a rather large man wielding a Colt .45, and his girlfriend Judy show up. Charlie and Judy have spent the past several days heading west from Arizona, leaving a trail of corpses behind them. Law enforcement is on the hunt for them, but Charlie has managed to stay a step ahead by changing vehicles frequently and then killing the people who offer their help. Charlie demands that Ed finish repairing the car and informs him that he and Judy will be stealing the Belair and taking off when Ed is done. Charlie threatens that if the three don’t cooperate “it’ll be the end of them.” During the next several hours Charlie and his girlfriend torment Ed, Doris, and Carl.'] ["Broadway leading lady Valerie Stanton , accidentally kills her producer and former lover, Gordon Dunning , during an argument about the direction her career should take. He expects her to sign for his next production, a typical frothy comedy for which he is known, while she wants to star in a revival of Hedda Gabler in order to prove her versatility as an actress. Other characters involved in the plot are Valerie's new beau Michael Morrell , supporting actress Marian Webster , who is accused of committing Valerie's crime, and police Capt. Danbury , who may know more than he's willing to disclose."] ['Hiroshi  wakes up in a hospital room and realizes that he was in a serious car accident that caused the death of his girlfriend, Ryoko , as well as the loss of his memory. While trying to regain his memory, one of the first clues that Hiroshi finds are his old medical textbooks that he studied prior to his accident. This gives him a renewed purpose in life and he delves forward into his medical school studies. One of his medical school classmates, Ikumi , soon becomes infatuated with Hiroshi, although he does not return her interests initially. During a 4 month period, in which his class dissects human cadavers, Hiroshi realizes that the body that he is dissecting is the body of his former girlfriend, Ryoko, which causes more of Hiroshi’s memory to return. During this time, Hiroshi engages in a relationship with his classmate Ikumi, that helps him recall further memories of his ex girlfriend. Ikumi, meanwhile, feels jealous rage because of Hiroshi’s devotion in dissecting the cadaver of Ryoko, while Hiroshi is consumed in the quest to understand who that person was that died in his car and ultimately find out who he really is.'] ['Aicha, Radia and their mother live removed from the world in the servant’s quarters in a wing of a deserted mansion. The precarious balance of their daily life is shaken by the arrival of a young couple who move into the main house. A bizarre cohabitation develops between the couple and the three women who decide not to make their presence known to their unexpected neighbors. They cannot leave their hiding place as it conceals secrets buried for years. However, Aicha, the younger of the two sisters, feels drawn by the newcomers...'] ['The film opens with a brief glimpse of a copper refinery owned by Thor Carlsson . The metal is shipped out on Carlsson Copper trains that run right behind a young boy\'s house, who stares out forlornly at the tracks. The film resumes at the University of Pennsylvania in 1987. A blonde student, Dorothy Carlsson  doodles in her notebook during class, drawing herself being married to a suitor. After class, she changes into a more formal outfit, and runs into her friend Patricia Farren  on her way out. Patricia asks if she is going to meet her "mystery man", but Dorothy claims she is just going to meet her father for lunch. On her way across town, Dorothy asks the cab to wait while she buys a new pair of shoes. At city hall, she meets Jonathan Corliss . The couple go up to the marriage license bureau, but it is closed for lunch. They discuss how her father would disown her if he knew what she was doing. Jonathan convinces her to wait for the office to reopen on the roof of the building. Eventually, he tosses her over the edge, taking her gold lighter and cigarettes, leaving her purse and tossing her new shoes after her plunging body. In the lobby, he mails a letter and calmly walks past her body as the crowd gathers. Thor and his daughter Ellen, Dorothy\'s twin sister, are shocked to find out Dorothy was pregnant and to read Dorothy\'s suicide note, which was mailed the day she died. Ellen cannot believe that her sister would kill herself. Jonathan returns to his working class home in Pittsburgh. He has a portfolio of clippings regarding the Carlsson family and fortunes, particularly the suicides of Thor\'s wife and son. He promises his mother that he will make something of his life, and then he hitches to New York. He gets a ride from Jay Farraday  who reveals that he is a bohemian drifter whose parents had died on Korean Air Lines Flight 007. The film jumps forward four months and follows Ellen as she works at Castle House, a shelter and outreach program working to help troubled kids and prostitutes. Ellen takes off from the night shift to visit Philadelphia and investigate Dorothy\'s death. She meets with Detective Dan Corelli  and shows her the drawing Dorothy had made in class of her wedding. Because the drawing is dated on the day she died, and given the fact that the building houses a marriage license bureau, Ellen believes Dorothy had no motive to kill herself, and that the suicide note must have been mailed as a cover. She believes that Dorothy must have been lured to her death with the promise of marriage, and that her killer was her boyfriend. Det. Corelli dismisses her theory, and Ellen returns to the UPenn campus, speaking with Patricia, who reveals that Dorothy had been dating some mystery man. Patricia\'s tip leads Ellen to the law library where she meets Dorothy\'s ex-boyfriend Tommy Roussell . Tommy explains that he had a breakdown after his relationship with Dorothy ended, and he was out of school when she died. He remembered that she was dating a new man, and he takes her back to his apartment in order to show her the yearbook photo of the man she was dating. Ellen waits outside Tommy\'s building, while Jonathan silently stalks her in his car. Tommy finds Jonathan\'s photo in the yearbook, but as he heads downstairs, Jonathan surprises him and strangles Tommy with his belt. He types a suicide note that admits to killing Dorothy on Tommy\'s computer and strings his body up. Ellen seems convinced that Tommy must have killed Dorothy. Back in New York, she gets ready for bed, when her boyfriend comes over. Jonathan has assumed the identity of Jay Faraday and begun a relationship with Ellen. The pair seem quite happy, and she has no idea who he really is. As their relationship develops, they work together at Castle House, and Jay manages to impress Thor with his ambition and good nature. Ellen and Jay marry, and he begins to work for Carlsson Copper. One day, he intercepts a phone call from Patricia, who is heading to New York because she has remembered the identity of Dorothy\'s boyfriend at the time that she died. Jay claims that Ellen is out of town, but arranges for Patricia to wait in her hotel room for a call from Ellen the next day at 6:30 p.m. At that time, he attacks Patricia, strangling her and dismembering her body in the bathtub. He stuffs her carcass in a suitcase, and packs it in the trunk of his car, before going out on a date with Ellen. After dropping Ellen off back home, he dumps the suitcase off of a bridge into the East River. A police detective visits Ellen to ask if Patricia had contacted her. He is investigating her disappearance, and Ellen\'s name and number were in Patricia\'s diary. The disappearance strikes Ellen as one coincidence too many. She calls Tommy\'s parents and confirms that he was institutionalized at the time of Dorothy\'s death. She then asks Det. Corelli to reopen the investigation, but he turns up nothing new. One night when she is at a bar with Jay, one of his co-workers from a burger joint back at UPenn recognizes him as Jonathan Corliss. Jay insists that he is mistaken, eventually hitting him. The incident deeply unsettles Ellen, who digs up an old UPenn yearbook, where she finds a picture of Jonathan, confirming that he looks identical to Jay. She tracks down Jonathan\'s mother, who explains that Jonathan died three years ago. Ellen visits Jonathan\'s mother in the house where he grew up, and hears about his childhood. After the mother leaves, Ellen sneaks back into the house to snoop around Jonathan\'s room. She finds his suitcase of clippings about her family, which also contains her sister\'s lighter. Jonathan has followed her back to his home, and he confesses that he killed Jay Faraday and assumed his identity since no one would miss him. He had planned to position himself in the Carlsson lineage by marrying Dorothy, but her unplanned pregnancy had meant that she would be disinherited. He unties his belt and approaches Ellen explaining that he will simply have to comfort her father as he loses another child. Ellen manages to escape, fleeing out the back of the house and up to the train tracks. Jonathan pursues her and is run over by a Carlsson train.'] ['The film begins with two recently escaped convicts &mdash; Frank  and Red  &mdash; approach a group of campers. The elder of the pair shoots and kills the campers with single rapidfire shots to the head. D.J. Farraday  discovers that his father, Del , has been having an affair. D.J. asks Del to meet him at the family\'s cabin by the lake, where D.J. intends to confront him about his adultery. When the two arrive at the summer house, they find the younger son, Campbell "Cam" Farraday , already there. Eventually it is revealed that Del had found Cam and his boyfriend, Billy, embracing there at the cabin. Del brutally beat Billy, and father and son have not spoken since. Cam seems determined to leave the confrontational situation. While D.J. is trying to convince Cam to stay and attempt a reconciliation, Cam reveals to him that Billy is dead, and the clear implication is that Cam blames his father for the loss. A short while later, the two escaped convicts show up at the cabin and ask to use the phone, claiming that their car has broken down. Red, who is introduced as Frank\'s adult son, makes a point of taking up the hospitality offered, using that excuse to remain in the house  As the evening progresses Frank seems to be forcing Del into a challenge. Tensions are high, as Frank makes his play for Alpha of the house. At one point, D.J.  goes so far as to suggest that "we all just whip \'em out and get this over with." The police show up looking for the two escaped convicts, and things get tense very quickly. It soon becomes clear that Cam knew the convicts and has had some sort of entanglement with them. From there, the twists and turns begin to thicken, and the onionskin layers of this tale are revealed. The family must reconcile and put aside their issues with each other to deal with the menacing force of Frank.'] ['In an unidentified city of near-constant rain and urban decay, the soon-to-be retiring Detective William R. Somerset  is partnered with short-tempered Detective David Mills  who recently transferred to the department. The detectives investigate a series of murders relating to the seven deadly sins, such as an obese man who was forced to feed himself to death, representing "Gluttony." They find clues at each crime scene related to other deaths, and believe they are chasing a serial killer. A set of fingerprints found at the scene of the "Greed" murder, the fatal bloodletting of a rich attorney, leads them to an apartment where they find an emaciated man strapped to a bed. Though he initially appears to be dead, it soon is discovered that the man has been kept alive and entirely immobile by the killer for exactly one year to the day; a drug dealer and child molester before his captivity, this victim represents "Sloth", and dies soon after from shock. Though unable to learn anything from the insensate victim, the detectives agree that the killer has planned these crimes for more than a year. Somerset is eventually invited to meet Mills\' wife, Tracy , who is unhappy with Mills\' recent move to the city. Somerset becomes Tracy\'s confidante, and she meets with him after the first few murders. Upon learning that she is pregnant but has not told her husband, Somerset confides in her his fear that the city is no place to start a family, and reveals that he had ended a relationship years earlier after pressuring his girlfriend to have an abortion. Somerset advises her to not tell Mills if she plans to have an abortion; otherwise, if she decides to keep the child, "spoil that kid every chance you get". Using library records, Somerset and Mills track down a man named John Doe , who has frequently checked out books related to the deadly sins. When Doe finds the detectives approaching his apartment, he opens fire on them and flees, chased by Mills. Eventually, Doe gains the upper hand and holds Mills at gunpoint, but then abruptly leaves. Investigation of Doe\'s apartment finds handwritten volumes of his irrational judgments and clues leading to another potential victim, but no fingerprints. They arrive too late to find their "Lust" victim, a prostitute killed by an unwilling man wearing a bladed S&M device, forced by Doe to simultaneously rape and kill her. Some time later, they investigate the death of a young model whose face had been mutilated. Having chosen to kill herself rather than live with a disfigured face, she is the victim of "Pride". As they return to the police station, Doe appears to them and offers himself for arrest, with the blood of the model and an unidentified victim on his hands. They find out that he has been cutting the skin off his fingers to avoid leaving fingerprints. Through his lawyer, Doe claims he will lead the two detectives to the last two bodies and confess to the crimes, or otherwise will plead insanity. Though Somerset is worried, Mills agrees to the demand. Doe directs the two detectives to a remote desert area far from the city; along the way, he claims that God told him to punish the wicked and reveal the world for the awful place that it is. He also makes cryptic comments toward Mills. After arriving at the location, a delivery van approaches; Somerset intercepts the driver, leaving Mills and Doe alone. The driver hands over a package he was instructed to deliver at precisely this time and location. While Mills holds Doe at gunpoint, Doe mentions how much he admires him, but does not say why. Somerset opens the package and recoils in horror at the sight of the contents. He races back to warn Mills not to listen to Doe, but the killer reveals that the box contains Tracy\'s head. Doe claims to represent the sin of "Envy"; he was jealous of Mills\' normal life, and killed Tracy after failing to "play husband" with her. He then taunts the distraught Mills with the knowledge that Tracy was pregnant. Somerset is unable to contain Mills as he unloads his gun into Doe, becoming the embodiment of "Wrath". After a catatonic Mills is taken away, Somerset is asked where he will be; he replies, "around". With the sun setting over the desert, Somerset quotes Ernest Hemingway\'s For Whom the Bell Tolls: {{" \'}}The world is a fine place and worth fighting for.\' I agree with the second part."'] ['Jude Madigan  suddenly and inexplicably leaves her husband, Robert , and three sons. Three years later, when Robert finally files for divorce, Jude returns and tries to reclaim her former life. Robert refuses and insists on the divorce. Jude does not accept Robert\'s decision. She tries, unsuccessfully, to seduce him and harasses Robert\'s new girlfriend, Callie . Eventually, Jude manipulates and convinces her eldest son, Kes , that Callie is the only person standing in the way of their reunited family. Influenced by Jude, Kes details a plan to his two brothers, Michael and Ben , to scare off Callie, convincing them that it is just a game. As the boys debate the plan, Jude\'s estranged mother, Lydia  overhears and confronts Kes and threatens to tell their father. Kes tries unsuccessfully to convince his grandmother that it was just a "game" and tries to stop her from calling his dad. A brief struggle ensues and Lydia accidentally falls down the stairs. While in the hospital, Lydia tells Jude she is not about to let her go through with her plans. In a fit of rage, Jude tries to murder her mother by asphyxiation but is interrupted by a nurse, Jude flees the hospital. Meanwhile, the boys, under the guise of playing the game, handcuff Callie and put her on "trial" for destroying their family. They tie her to a chair but when Ben cuts himself on a broken glass, Callie convinces Michael to free her before his brother dies. She runs with him in an attempt to find a hospital. Kes and Michael get in Callie\'s car and chase them, but the brakes have been cut by Jude and they go over a cliff, leaving them perched precariously on a tree on the side of the cliff. Callie manages to rescue Michael, but as she tries to rescue Kes, she slips and is left dangling from the car. Jude rushes to "help" by grabbing Callie\'s hand from Kes. Jude intentionally lets go of Callie\'s hand, who still manages to hang onto the car with her other hand. However, Jude loses her balance and falls to her death. The film ends with Robert\'s emotional embrace of Kes, who is very shaken after having a nightmare of Jude coming back from the dead. Callie is right by Robert\'s side, comforting them both.'] ['At a ball, U.S. Navy Lieutenant Commander Tom Farrell meets a young woman, Susan Atwell, and the two immediately begin an affair, although Atwell is involved with someone else. During his next Naval deployment, Farrell rescues a fellow sailor during a storm and becomes a hero. He is brought back to Washington to work at The Pentagon for Secretary of Defense David Brice on the recommendation of his General Counsel Scott Pritchard, an old friend of Farrell\'s. Brice, determined to cancel a boondoggle Navy project that has powerful political backing, decides that Farrell should act as his direct liaison to the CIA to gather information about whether the Soviets really are working on a similar project. Soon after, Farrell finds out that the other man in Susan\'s life is Secretary Brice, who in turn learns of Susan\'s infidelity. While demanding the name of her new lover, Brice slaps Susan in a jealous rage, knocking her off an indoor balcony to her death. Ready to turn himself in, Brice is persuaded by Pritchard to cover up everything and blame it on someone else. They concoct a story that Susan\'s other lover was in fact a long-suspected but never confirmed KGB sleeper agent code-named "Yuri." In the aftermath, they focus all attention on an attempt to capture him. Confident that "Yuri" doesn\'t exist, CIA director Marshall dismisses the possibility of Pritchard having an affair with Susan, saying that Pritchard is homosexual. Brice appoints Farrell to lead the investigation to find Susan\'s other lover, placing him in the position of attempting to find evidence that could implicate himself. The only forensic evidence in the case is a discarded Polaroid negative recovered from Susan\'s house, which requires lengthy computer processing to become visible, and semen found in Susan\'s vagina, though mentioned, it is not pursued in the film, as PCR analysis of DNA was not yet in common use. Farrell pleads with systems analyst and old friend Sam Hesselman to slow down the processing, and tells him about Susan and Brice. Meanwhile, Farrell sets about proving Brice was involved with Susan by searching computer files for evidence that Brice gave Susan a government-registered gift he had previously received from Morocco. Pritchard harasses Nina Beka, a close friend of Susan\'s, by threatening deportation back to South Africa, then sends covert assassins to kill her, but Farrell rescues her just in time. A suspicious Sam goes to Pritchard with concerns about what Farrell told him. Realizing that Sam can implicate Brice, Pritchard shoots and kills him. Farrell obtains the printout before the picture implicating him becomes visible and presents it to Brice, who then shifts the blame to Pritchard, arguing that Pritchard was jealous of his relationship with Susan. A devastated Pritchard commits suicide and is falsely exposed as "Yuri" to the police by Brice, hoping to escape blame for Susan\'s death, and Farrell, who is free of suspicion, is finally able to leave the Pentagon. As Farrell sits beside Susan\'s grave, two plainclothes men arrive and take him away for questioning. One of the interrogators is Farrell\'s landlord, who addresses Farrell in Russian. Farrell, who responds in kind, is in fact the real "Yuri", and his landlord is his KGB supervisor. Yuri/Farrell was planted in the U.S. as a teenager and became the KGB\'s "mole" in the Department of Defense. Aware of Brice\'s affair, the Russians assigned Farrell to seduce the Secretary of Defense\'s mistress and gather intelligence from her. Although his handlers demand that he return to the Soviet Union, Farrell refuses and leaves as his handler quips, "He will return. Where else does he have to go?"'] ['During filming the lead actress , tries to get deeply into character since the film is very important to her career. She may go too far when incidents on the set begin to pattern themselves after the real life story.'] ['Derrick, a corporate lawyer with a large trust fund, and Zane, a criminal, live in opposite social spheres. Although they never meet, their lives are more connected than either one of them could ever imagine.'] ["Andy  and Tracy Safian  are a happily married couple living in a Victorian house that they are restoring in the Western Massachusetts. He is the Associate Dean at the local college, while his wife teaches art to children. When a student is attacked in her home by what appears to be a serial rapist, her life is saved by Dr. Jed Hill , a brilliant surgeon who has recently arrived at the area hospital. Andy recognizes Jed from high school and invites him to rent the third floor of their home in order to finance the new plumbing. With his propensity to bring home sexual partners and to party late into the night, he quickly proves himself to be a less-than-ideal tenant. When student Paula Bell  is attacked and killed, Andy finds her body in the garden behind her home, prompting Andy's friend, Detective Dana Harris , to view him as a possible suspect. While at the police station delivering a semen sample, Andy learns his wife has been hospitalized and is being operated on by Jed. In removing one of Tracy's ovaries, which has ruptured due to a cyst, Jed discovers Tracy is pregnant, but the stress of the procedure causes the fetus to abort. Near the end of the surgery, another doctor notices that her other ovary is torsed and appears necrotic. Jed talks to Andy, who has been in the waiting room, and advises him to agree to the removal of Tracy's second ovary, rather than risk her life; Andy painfully agrees, since this will mean that Tracy can never have children. Back in surgery, Jed overrules the protests of the other doctors that the ovary might still be healthy and removes it. When Jed later is told the second ovary was in fact healthy, he decides that, rather than bury the report, he will face the consequences of his actions. At a deposition, Jed's attorney Lester Adams  learns his client had been drinking prior to the surgery. His case is not helped when Jed, during his testimony, responds to the accusation that he has a God complex by declaring that as far as medicine is concerned, he is God. His insurance company settles with Tracy for $20 million, and she leaves Andy, whom she blames for the loss of her ability to ever have children. Andy accidentally discovers that the serial rapist is Earl Leemus , the college handyman, and apprehends him. After Andy tells Dana that Tracy had been pregnant before the surgery, she tells him that his semen sample indicated he is sterile and couldn't have fathered Tracy's child. Andy confronts Tracy's lawyer, Dennis Riley , and accuses him of having impregnated Tracy and colluded with her. Riley denies everything and reveals that Tracy’s mother, whom Andy had been told was dead, might be able to offer him some insight. Mrs. Kennsinger  tells Andy the truth about her supposedly sweet daughter: Tracy is a con artist. She had a relationship with a wealthy man who paid her to have an abortion, but Tracy kept the money and had it done illegally. Her mother also confirms Andy's suspicion that Tracy was pregnant by a Dr. David Lilianfield, who ultimately proves to be Jed, and Andy tracks them to a house where the two are living together. Back at home, Andy discovers a hypodermic needle containing the fertility drug Perganol. He learns that an excess amount of the drug can cause painful ovarian cysts, and he realizes Tracy deliberately created her illness with Jed's help. An angry Andy confronts Tracy and tells her he wants half the money from the settlement. He also tells her that if he should meet with an unexpected death, a letter will immediately be sent to the police department, directing them to interview the young boy next door. He implies that the boy, whom they never met but whom they frequently saw sitting at his bedroom window, was a witness to Jed injecting Tracy with Perganol. Tracy tells Jed about Andy's demands, and he tells her to give him what he wants. She refuses and says that she earned that money and that there was no way she was splitting it three ways. Tracy tells Jed that they have to get rid of the witness because that is the only bargaining chip that Andy has on them. He refuses and slaps her for suggesting murdering the boy. She attempts to pressure him into it by reminding him of his removing her ovaries. Jed attempts to walk away, but Tracy pulls a gun and shoots him. That night, Tracy waits until the nurse next door leaves, lures Andy away from his house with a misleading phone call, then breaks in and tries to smother the boy. When she wraps some cellophane around his face from behind, she realizes that it's a dummy and she has been set up. Andy surprises her, and they fight until Detective Harris, who was disguised as the nurse, returns and arrests Tracy. As Tracy is led away, she sees the boy and his mother return. It is revealed that the boy is, in fact, blind."] ["A group of masked gunmen steal evidence from a police evidence storage unit, killing several officers in the process. Officer Dennis Meechum  is seriously wounded after stabbing one of the robbers. He survives and publishes a book titled Inside Job based on his experience. Years later, Meechum has been promoted to Detective, and is working on his next novel. He now suffers from writer's block, and is a widowed father raising his daughter, Holly . On a case at the docks, a suspect runs as Meechum gives chase. A man named Cleve  joins the chase. The suspect hides in an overhead crane and attempts to shoot Meechum, but Cleve kills the man, then disappears. Cleve arranges a meeting with Meechum, and tries to convince to write a book about his history as a paid assassin for a corporate empire, Kappa International. Cleve intimidates Kappa's founder, David Madlock  about Meechum's next book, and promises Meechum to show evidence to back up his claims. They proceed to take trips to New York and Texas where Cleve tries to convince Meechum of his history of hits. While they are in Texas, it is revealed that Cleve was the injured masked gunmen that Meechum had stabbed years earlier. Madlock, through his legal representatives, tries to bribe Meechum but fails. When an enforcer tries to steal a manuscript of Meechum's novel and attempt to kill Holly, Cleve intervenes by killing him. When Cleve attempts to keep Holly safe by sending her to Meechum's agent, Roberta Gillian . Madlock, however, manages to kidnap Holly. Meechum decides to have a meeting with Madlock at the latter's oceanfront estate. Cleve storms into the house, and guns down all of Madlock's bodyguards. Cleve then sacrifices his own life to save Holly from Madlock. Meechum arrests Madlock, before comforting a dying Cleve. At the end of the film, it is revealed that Meechum has published the book titled Retribution: The Fall of David Madlock and Kappa International."] ['A young promoter, Frankie Christopher , is accused of the murder of Vicky Lynn , a young actress he "discovered" as a waitress while out with ex-actor Robin Ray and gossip columnist Larry Evans. Frankie hides out with Vicky\'s sister Jill , with whom he is falling in love, but is eventually captured and interrogated by the cops. An obsessive police officer, Cornell, knows that Frankie is innocent but because the evidence is completely incriminating, he tries to put the suspect behind bars anyway. Frankie escapes and eventually finds the murderer\'s true identity.'] ['"The ice-cold diva Paula ruthlessly exploits the guys she dates. While blackmailing the married Don with a recent one-night-stand, she has a secret affair with Henry, who works as researcher for the weekly authentic TV show "Crime of the Week", which Don writes for. When Henry fails to help her to a role, she insults him deadly... and ends up dead herself. Now Don desperately tries to hide his traces, but Henry sabotages his efforts and suggests he write the unsolved murder case for next week\'s show."{{cite web}}'] ['Unnatural & Accidental is about a First Nations woman named Rebecca  who returns home to Vancouver to be with her dying father and searches for her mother, Rita Jones , who has been missing for years. Her journey leads her into the troubled life faced by many First Nations women who have ended up killed.'] ["Sam Bowden  is a lawyer in the quiet town of New Essex, North Carolina. Max Cady  is a former client whom Bowden had defended fourteen years previously when he was working as a public defender in Atlanta. Cady, who was being tried for the rape and battery of a young woman, was illiterate at the time and unable to read a report Bowden had kept hidden from the court, which revealed that the victim was promiscuous. The report might have lightened Cady's sentence or even acquitted him had Bowden brought it to light. Bowden had kept it hidden because he was appalled by the sheer violence in Cady's crime and wanted him to serve a severe sentence. After his release from prison, Cady tracks down Bowden. The former convict learned to read and studied law in prison, and even assumed his own defense, unsuccessfully appealing his conviction several times. Cady hints strongly that he has learned about Bowden burying the report, stating that the judge and prosecutor in his case did their jobs while Bowden betrayed his own client. Several incidents involving Cady begin to impact the Bowden family, which consists of Bowden's wife Leigh  and their teenage daughter Danielle . The family dog, Ben, is mysteriously poisoned. Cady is seen at night perched on the wall just outside the Bowden property limits. Bowden attempts to have Cady arrested, but local police lieutenant Elgart  reminds Bowden that there is no evidence Cady has committed any crime. At a bar, Cady meets Lori Davis , a female colleague of Bowden with whom Bowden may or may not be having a love affair. Later at her house, Cady cuffs her hands behind her back, breaks her arm, bites a chunk of flesh from her cheek and brutally rapes her. Lori refuses to press charges against Cady, fearful that she will be publicly questioned about her sexual history. Cady next approaches Danielle at her school by pretending to be her new drama teacher and goes as far as kissing her. Bowden, finally having had enough, hires private investigator Claude Kersek  to follow Cady. Bowden also approaches Cady in a restaurant and gives him a firm warning to leave him and his family alone or suffer the consequences. Cady refuses to give in, and he secretly tapes the conversation with a recorder hidden under the table. Kersek eventually persuades Bowden to hire three men to beat Cady in an effort to intimidate him but, as Bowden watches from a hiding place, Cady quickly turns the tide on his attackers and viciously beats them. Cady hears Bowden from behind his hiding spot and steadily approaches him, intimidating him with psychotic ramblings and Biblical passages, but decides to leave. Cady uses the recording of Bowden's threat and an exaggerated display of his own injuries to file for a restraining order against Bowden. Cady's new lawyer, Lee Heller , also files a complaint with the North Carolina State Bar, vowing to have Bowden disbarred from practicing law. Kersek reasons that Cady may try to enter the Bowden house during Bowden's appearance at a bar hearing out of town. They fake Bowden's departure and hide in the house, hoping that Cady will break in so that he can be shot in self-defense. As they wait, Cady, disguised as the maid Graciella , attacks and kills Kersek in the kitchen. Bowden, Leigh, and Dani discover his body, as well as that of Graciella. Horrified, they flee in their car to their house-boat, which is docked upstate along Cape Fear. Cady follows them by tying himself to the chassis of the Bowdens' car. That night, he attacks the family on the boat, beating and tying up Bowden, and prepares to rape both Leigh and Dani while Bowden watches. When Leigh offers herself in Dani's place, Dani sprays Cady with lighter fluid while he lights a cigar, engulfing him in flames and causing him to jump off the boat in order to extinguish the fire. However, Cady clings to a rope tied to the boat and pulls himself back on board. As the boat is rocked by a violent storm, Cady ferociously confronts Bowden with a mock trial. Bowden finally admits to having buried the potentially exculpatory report but counters that the woman's promiscuity was no justification to defend a rape. An enraged Cady prepares to kill Bowden, but the storm and the river's harsh current knocks Cady off his feet, allowing Bowden to gain the upper hand once the women make it to shore. The two men fight furiously, until Bowden finally manages to use Cady's handcuffs to shackle Cady to the boat. When the boat hits a stationary rock and is destroyed, the fight continues on shore. Bowden almost crushes Cady's head with a large stone, however a raging tide carries Cady away, madly screaming in tongues. Bowden watches as the piece of boat sinks to the bottom of the river, taking the still-shackled Cady with it, and then performs a cathartic washing of his blood from his hands before rejoining Leigh and Dani further up the river-bank."] ['After spending eight years in prison for rape, Max Cady  is released. He promptly tracks down Sam Bowden , a Georgia lawyer whom he holds personally responsible for his conviction because Sam interrupted his attack and also testified. Cady begins to stalk and subtly threaten Bowden\'s family. He kills the Bowden family dog, though Sam cannot prove this. A friend of Bowden\'s, police chief Mark Dutton , attempts to intervene on his behalf, but he cannot prove Cady guilty of any crime. Bowden hires Charlie Sievers , a private detective. Cady brutally attacks a young, promiscuous woman named Diane Taylor  when she brings him home, but neither the private eye nor Bowden can persuade her to testify. Bowden hires three thugs to beat up Cady and persuade him to leave town, but the plan backfires when Cady gets the better of all three. Cady\'s lawyer vows to have Bowden disbarred. Afraid for his wife Peggy  and 14-year-old daughter Nancy , Bowden takes them to their houseboat in Cape Fear. In an attempt to trick Cady, Bowden makes it seem as though he has gone to a completely different location. He fully expects Cady to follow his wife and daughter, and he plans on killing Cady to end the battle. He and a local deputy hide nearby, but Cady realizes the deputy is there and kills him. Eluding Bowden, Cady first attacks Mrs. Bowden on the boat, causing Bowden to go to her rescue. Meanwhile, Cady swims back to shore to attack the daughter. Bowden realizes what has happened and also swims back. It leads to a final violent fight on the riverbank between the two men. Bowden overpowers Cady but decides not to kill him, preferring to let him spend the rest of his life in jail, because killing Cady would be the "easy way out." The film ends with the Bowden family sitting together on a boat the next morning.'] ['On the way home from visiting her parents\' grave, Christy  crashes the car into a tree. The impact throws Christy to safety, but her older sister, Vanessa , is trapped inside when the car explodes. Vanessa initially survives, though disfigured and completely burnt. Christy is sent to Pine Bluff Psychiatric Care Center for treatment while her sister is treated by her husband Dr. John Locke , at home with the assistance of the nurse Claire Wells , and his rather stern mother, Mrs Locke ([[Gabrielle Rose . When Vanessa has a heart attack and dies, Christy has a breakdown at the funeral service screaming that her sister is alive in the coffin. Christy moves to California for pre-med, but remains haunted by nightmares and weird visions. Six years later, Christy returns to Edgemont for a funeral. Vanessa\'s husband and mother-in-law regard her coldly, but Amy , Christy\'s niece who is afraid of "dark things" behind the walls of the house, asks her to stay. Christy experiences blackouts and strange visions, the most prominent of which features a scarred, burnt woman clawing at a lid. She decides to investigate the death of her sister that she believes had been buried alive. The locals believe she has borderline personality disorder. She befriends a cop, Jeff , and discovers that her sister was treated in the house\'s basement, which had tunnels connecting it to the rest of the house. She visits the father of Claire Wells, the nurse who treated her sister, who tells her the Lockes are evil and ruined Claire\'s life, and that Claire broke relations with her family and left the state after Vanessa died. Meanwhile, Christy\'s premonition that Mrs. Locke will die comes true. Amy tells Christy about a monster which comes into her room through the wardrobe while she is sleeping and touches her cheek. While in Amy\'s bedroom, Christy hears noises from the wardrobe. She travels through a tunnel connecting the wardrobe and the basement and has another blackout and when she wakes, she discovers John next to her with scratches on his cheek. He threatens to press charges if she does not leave the house immediately. In the Lockes\' boathouse, Christy finds a love letter from John to Claire revealing an affair between them and suggesting that Vanessa\'s death would be best for everyone. Christy is convinced that John and Claire gave Vanessa medication to induce her heart attack. Christy shares her findings with Jeff. They visit the hospital staff connected to Vanessa\'s treatment, and a doctor tells them that Vanessa\'s treatment had been controlled entirely by John and Claire. He also says Vanessa\'s murder would be impossible to prove because her body would have decomposed completely by now, making an autopsy impossible. However, Christy points out that the coffin\'s lid would contain Vanessa\'s scratch marks, proving she was alive at the time of her burial. No one, including Jeff, believes Christy. Nonetheless, Christy opens Vanessa\'s coffin herself and is shocked to see it unscathed. Christy returns to the house and apologizes to John. She is about to leave when she gets a phone call from Jeff and realizes that the woman buried was not her sister but Claire Wells. John attacks Christy but she shoots him with his gun. Christy searches the house again and discovers an underground cellar wherein lies a badly burnt and disfigured woman{{mdash}}Vanessa. Vanessa does not recognize Christy and attacks her until she sees the necklace Christy is wearing{{mdash}}a present from Vanessa. Vanessa cannot speak, but Christy assures her and promises to take care of her. Christy realizes that her visions were of Vanessa scratching the cellar trap. Vanessa had traveled through the house\'s tunnels, discovered the affair, and killed Claire. She had also killed Mrs Locke and would visit her daughter through the wardrobe. Vanessa and Christy share a moment, when Amy suddenly appears. Amy stabs Vanessa, unaware she is her mother, in order to kill "the monster". In the last scene, Christy scatters Vanessa\'s ashes into a lake. Amy takes a picture and there is a vision of Vanessa prior to her accident, staring at her killer.'] ["Blind since the age of two, 20-year-old Hong Kong classical violinist Mun undergoes an eye cornea transplant after receiving a pair of new eyes from a donor. Initially, she is glad to have her sense of sight restored but becomes troubled when she starts seeing mysterious figures that seem to foretell gruesome deaths. The night before her discharge from hospital, she sees a shadowy figure accompanying a patient out of the room and the next morning the patient is pronounced dead. Mun goes to see her doctor's nephew, Dr. Wah, a psychologist, about the strange entities that she has been seeing. He is skeptical at first, but as he gradually develops a closer relationship with her, he decides to accompany her on a trip to northern Thailand to find Ling, the eye donor. When they ask a village doctor about Ling and her family, he is unwilling to reveal anything but becomes more co-operative when Mun tells him that she sees what Ling used to see. Apparently, Ling had a psychic ability that allowed her to foresee death and disaster. However, her fellow villagers misunderstood her as a jinx and refused to trust her. Once, Ling tried to warn the people about an imminent disaster, but they drove her away in disbelief. When her vision came true, she felt guilty about the deaths and hanged herself. Ling's mother is both depressed and angry with her daughter and has never forgiven Ling for committing suicide, until one night Ling's spirit possesses Mun and attempts suicide. Ling's mother saves Mun and breaks down, saying that she has forgiven Ling and Ling's spirit leaves in peace. On the return journey, their bus is caught in a traffic jam and Mun sees hundreds of ghostly figures lumbering on the road. Believing that a catastrophe is approaching, she runs out of the bus and tries to warn everyone to leave, but no one understands her and think that she is insane. In fact, the traffic jam is due to a tank truck that has toppled over and is blocking the road. The truck starts leaking natural gas but nobody notices it. A driver restarts his engine and ignites the gas, causing a chain explosion. Dr. Wah saves Mun from death by shielding her with his body, but Mun is already blinded by glass fragments. In the epilogue of the film, a blind Mun is seen roaming the streets of Hong Kong. Although she has lost her sense of sight again, she is happy that she now has the support and friendship of Dr. Wah."] ["Recovering drug addicts Maxx  and Lisa  are persuaded by vampire clan leader Darius  to give up their humanity and join him as vampires. They do so, but then give up the vampire's blood addiction – the Thirst. After enduring the withdrawal symptoms, the couple turns against the band of vampires who made them."] ['Anna  has been in a psychiatric institution for ten months, following her suicide attempt after her terminally-ill mother died in a boathouse fire. Now, she is being discharged and has no memory of the actual fire, although she is frequently plagued by nightmares from that night. While packing, Anna is startled by a disturbing, talkative patient who stays in the room across from hers. Shortly after, she leaves with her father, Steven , a writer who has dedicated his latest book to Anna and her sister. At home, Anna reunites with her sister, Alex ,with whom she is very close. The sisters stand against Steven\'s girlfriend Rachel , who had been their mother\'s live-in nurse. Alex criticizes Steven for sleeping with Rachel while the girls\' mother was still alive and sick in bed, but her comments fall on deaf ears. Anna describes to Alex how scenes from her dreams have started happening while she is awake. The sisters become convinced that the hallucinations are messages from their mother, telling them that she had been murdered by Rachel. Anna catches up with her old boyfriend Matt , who tells her that he saw what happened the night of her mother\'s death. The two secretly plan to meet that night, but he inexplicably fails to show up and Anna returns home. In her room, Anna awakens to find him climbing into her window, saying that she needs to know the truth and that he had a warning from her mother. Suddenly, his body grotesquely warps, his back breaking. Anna flees from the room in fear but when she opens the door, he is gone. The next morning, Matt\'s dead body is pulled out of the water, his back broken just the way Anna saw it. The police state he fell and drowned. After the sisters are unable to find a record of Rachel with the State Nursing Association, they conclude she is actually Mildred Kemp, a nanny who killed the three children she was paid to care for because she had an obsession with their widowed father. They try to warn their father, but he brushes off their concerns and leaves for work. In desperation, the girls try to gather evidence against Rachel to show the police but Rachel catches them and sedates Alex. Anna escapes and goes to the local police station, but they are disbelieving of her claims and call Rachel to take her home. As Rachel puts Anna in bed, Anna sees Alex in the doorway with a knife. Alex tells her to stay silent and Anna passes out. When she wakes up, she finds that Alex has killed Rachel and thrown her body in the dumpster. Relieved, the girls comfort each other. When their father drives up, horrified at the scene, Anna, holding hands with Alex, explains that Rachel tried to murder them but Alex saved them by killing Rachel. Confused, Steven tells Anna that Alex died in the fire along with their mother. Anna looks down to find that she is not holding her sister\'s hand, but the bloody knife used to kill Rachel. Anna finally remembers what happened on the night of the fire: After catching her father and Rachel together having sex, Anna filled a watering can from a large gasoline tank in the boathouse and carried it toward the house, intending to burn it down. However, she spilled a trail of gasoline that ignited when a candle fell over. Her mother was killed in the resulting explosion, as was Alex. It is revealed here that Anna has symptoms of both severe schizophrenia and dissociative identity disorder. Flashbacks reveal that Alex was never actually there and was a hallucination of Anna\'s throughout the film. She remembers killing Matt  by letting him fall into the water and break his back. She also remembers killing Rachel. The police are called to arrest Anna for murder. When Steven is questioned, he reveals that Rachel changed her last name years ago to escape an abusive boyfriend. The police ask why Anna would make up the Mildred story, but Steven remains speechless. At the mental institution, Anna is welcomed back by the patient that scared her earlier, whose name plate on the door says "Mildred Kemp".'] ['It starred James Caan, Lukas Haas, and Lisa Bonet. Unlike the 1980 adaptation, it discards a significant portion of the plot, some minor characters, and much of the philosophical underpinnings of the book.'] ['The story is told in flashback. When it begins, George Stroud , editor-in-chief of Crimeways magazine, is shown hiding from building security behind the "big clock" ― the largest and most sophisticated one ever built, which dominates the lobby of the giant publishing company where he works, Janoth Publications in New York City. Stroud is eager to spend more time with his wife  and plans a long-postponed vacation from his job. He sticks to those plans despite being fired for it by his tyrannical publishing boss, Earl Janoth . Instead of meeting his wife at the train station as planned, however, Stroud finds himself preoccupied with the attention being shown him by Janoth\'s glamorous mistress, Pauline York , who proposes a blackmail plan against Janoth. When Stroud misses their scheduled train, his wife angrily leaves without him, so he begins drinking and spends the evening out on the town with York. Later that night, Janoth spots a man leaving York\'s apartment, but does not get a clear enough look at him to see that it is Stroud. Although Stroud\'s evening with York had ended platonically, Janoth assumes otherwise, leading to a quarrel which ends when he murders her. Janoth determines to locate the man he had seen leaving the apartment and then frame that man for the crime. Ironically, Janoth re-hires Stroud to lead the effort to find the man. Stroud then must balance the tasks of outwardly appearing to diligently lead Janoth\'s investigation and, at the same time, trying to prevent that investigation from uncovering the fact that it is he who is the very target of it. Meanwhile, he must also secretly carry out his own investigation to gather the evidence necessary to prove who the real murderer is.'] ["{{Anchor}} The film opens in the Brazilian village of Belo Quinto, with Father Andrew Kiernan , a former scientist and ordained Jesuit priest who investigates supposed miracles, examining a statue of the Virgin of Guadalupe weeping blood at the funeral of Father Paulo Alameida . While Andrew is collecting evidence, a young boy steals the rosary from the father's hand.The boy later sells it to a woman in a marketplace, who sends it to her daughter Frankie Paige  living in Pittsburgh. Shortly after, Frankie is attacked by an unseen force while bathing, and receives two deep wounds on her wrists. As the wounds are treated at the hospital the doctors cannot find the cause beyond that they are puncture wounds and go all the way through the wrist. Frankie goes to work the next day, but on the way home on the subway approaches a priest and asks if he is Andrew Kiernan. After the priest tells her he is Father Derning, the lights in the train begin to flash, and Frankie holds onto the bars lining the ceiling as she is whipped from behind by an unseen force, Father Derning watching in horror. While Frankie is hospitalized again, the priest sends security tapes showing the attack to the Vatican, and Andrew is sent to investigate. Andrew meets Frankie, who tells him she has been expecting him, and Andrew interviews her, believing her wounds may be stigmata. When she tells him she is an atheist, Andrew tells her that stigmatics are universally spiritual people, and that stigmata is when the deeply devoted are struck with the same five wounds that Jesus Christ received during the crucifixion - thus far Frankie has been impaled through the wrists and whipped. Frankie walks away and begins to research on her own what could be the cause to no avail. Later while at a nightclub, Frankie's head begins to bleed, the third stigmata wound caused by the Crown of Thorns. Frankie runs home, where Andrew is waiting, then runs into an alley. As Andrew pursues her, Frankie smashes a glass bottle and uses the shards to carve symbols on the hood of a car: when Andrew approaches her, she yells at him in another language. Andrew takes Frankie to Father Derning's church, and the Vatican translates what she was yelling as Aramaic, the language of Christ. Frankie goes home, and the next morning Andrew returns to her apartment to find her writing in marker on the wall, now covered in Aramaic. When questioned, Frankie responds in a male voice speaking Italian, then collapses on the bed. Frankie goes out and walks the streets with Andrew, when she collapses as wounds appear in her feet, the fourth wound of stigmata. Andrew emails photographs of Frankie's apartment wall to the Vatican, where Brother Delmonico  recognizes the words and deletes the pictures and tells Andrew the words are from a document the church found that looked to be an entirely new gospel. Father Dario  retrieves the pictures and shows them to Cardinal Daniel Houseman , who also recognizes them. Meanwhile, Delmonico phones Marion Petrocelli  and tells him the missing gospel has been found in Pittsburgh. In Pittsburgh, Andrew goes to Frankie's apartment to find the wall she wrote on painted over, and Frankie attempts to seduce him. When Andrew rejects her she attacks him, wind blowing through the apartment as Frankie denounces Andrew's beliefs in a male voice, ending with Frankie levitating off the bed crying tears of blood. Houseman and Dario arrive at the apartment with Derning and take Frankie to another church, sending Andrew to Derning's. At Derning's church Andrew meets Petrocelli, who tells him the words Frankie has been writing are part of a document found outside Jerusalem that they believed to be a gospel in the exact words of Jesus Christ. Petrocelli, Delmonico and Alameida were assigned to translate it, but Houseman ordered them to stop. Alameida refused and stole the document to continue translating it alone, having been excommunicated by Houseman. Petrocelli tells Andrew that the document was Jesus telling his disciples that the kingdom of God is all around them and not confined to churches, a revelation that could ruin the Catholic Church. Petrocelli also tells Andrew that Alameida suffered from stigmata. Andrew races to the church where Frankie is while Houseman and Dario attempt to perform an exorcism on Frankie. Frankie shouts at them in a male voice, and Houseman dismisses Dario and the present nuns before attempting to strangle Frankie. Andrew arrives and stops him, and the fireplaces in the room erupt and set the room on fire. Now believing Frankie is possessed by Alameida's spirit, Andrew offers to be Alameida's messenger instead. He walks unharmed through the fire to retrieve Frankie, bidding Alameida's spirit to depart in peace. Some time later, Andrew returns to Belo Quinto and finds the original documents for the lost gospel under the floorboards of Alameida's church. The film ends with a screen of text describing the discovery of the Gospel of Thomas, believed according to the film to be the closest thing to the actual words of Jesus while alive: the film states the Catholic Church refuses to recognize the document as a gospel and considers it heresy."] ['A young couple, Cassie and David Osborne, have an intense argument. The next morning, after David goes to work, Cassie takes their five-year-old daughter Samantha to stay with her sister, Joanne, for a few days. Having car trouble, they stop at a seedy-looking gas station, where they are tended to by Roy Scudder, the owner. Instead of helping the mother and child, Scudder rigs the vehicle to break down a short distance down the road. Then he drives down the road and offers to tow them back to his place. Once there, he locks Cassie in a room to entertain his insane wife Georgina, who\'s been out of sorts since the mysterious death of her baby boy. Samantha is made to be a "playmate" for the Scudders\' daughter Jill, who appears to be as unstable as her mother. Joanne panicks after Cassie and Samantha never reach her house. She calls the police, convinced that David had something to do with their disappearance. David begins desperately searching for his missing wife and child. He is tracked by a private detective, hired by Joanne, who is convinced David has murdered Cassie and Samantha. As days go by, Cassie is pushed to her limits and discovers that there is nothing she won\'t do to save her daughter\'s life and her own.'] ['Ten years after officer Dwayne Hooper’s son disappeared, the last of 14 victims in a string of local unsolved disappearances, his suspicions are aroused by prison inmate Ronald Perkins . Dwayne searches Perkins’ house and discovers a collection of torture videos featuring the missing victims from the past. In a fit of rage, Dwayne kills Perkins. But things get complicated when a wave of carnage sweeps the town, with reports of Dwayne’s own son amongst the marauding psychopaths.'] ['A young woman  with a troubled past takes a job at recently closed down hospital. Working the night shift alone she begins to experience a series of unsettling events that lead her to believe that the hospital may be connected to a number of recent murders in the area. To uncover the truth she will have to revisit the past behind the walls of Psych 9.'] ['The story, set in New Mexico, begins as Jerry Manning hires a leopard as a publicity stunt for his night-club performing girlfriend, Kiki. Her rival at the club, Clo-Clo, not wanting to be upstaged, startles the animal and it escapes the club into the dark night. The owner of the leopard, a solo sideshow performer named Charlie How-Come—billed as "The Leopard Man"—begins pestering Manning for money for replacement of the leopard. Soon a girl is found mauled to death, and Manning and Kiki feel remorse for having unleashed the monster. After attending the girl\'s funeral, Manning joins a posse that seeks to hunt down the giant cat. Presently another young woman is killed, and Manning begins to suspect that the latest killing is the work of a man who has made the death look like a leopard attack. The leopard\'s owner, who admits to spells of drunkenness, is unnerved by Manning\'s theory and begins to doubt his own sanity. He asks the police to lock him up, but while he is in jail another killing occurs: the victim this time is Clo-Clo. Afterward, the leopard is found dead in the countryside, and is judged to have died before at least one of the recent killings. When the human murderer in finally found, he confesses that his compulsion to kill was excited by the first leopard attack.'] ['In the near future, a new law sends criminals to a virtual reality prison built by a shadowy corporation called Zircon based in Seattle. Steven Falcon, the designer of the system, realizes the dangers of it being overloaded and of hackers who try to break in and steal files only to have the prisoners try to break out via that method. When Falcon threatens to quit the operation he becomes marked for murder by his employers who force him to enter the Maxtrix virtual reality/afterlife to find the source of the danger of the system crashing.'] ['When his administrative assistant takes a leave, Peter Derns , an executive for a cookie company, is assigned a temp, Kris Bolin . Peter starts to note the deaths of some of his rivals for advancement in the company, such as Jasser  and Hartsell . Soon the assistant returns, but by now the temp has begun her own way up the corporate ladder.'] ["Juzo Murasaki  arrives at a work construction area to take on his new job as a construction worker. To his quiet dismay, his supervising boss turns out to be Toru Akai , who with his gang had made Juzo's middle school life a living hell. Akai, however, doesn't recognise Juzo. Juzo's more disconcerted when he discovers that Akai lives with his wife, Nozomi Akai  and their toddler son above Juzo's new apartment. As Juzo emotionally struggles to handle these unexpected developments, a mysterious and seemingly malicious hooded figure appears. It calls itself Number 13 . As Juzo attempts to control increasing number of flashbacks and a spiral fall into psychological darkness, Akai constantly picks on Juzo and other work colleagues including Seki Hajime , a former middle school student who becomes Juzo's casual friend in spite of Juzo's anti-social tendencies, at work. Meanwhile Akai's wife, Nozomi, attempts to make friends with Juzo and entrusting the care of her toddler son to Juzo. She proudly shows Juzo her husband's school photos. In one class photo, Juzo's space is marked with an X to show he was absent. Juzo suffers a severe flashback to explain his absence that day: in their school's science room, Akai and his friends have thrown acid at Juzo's face. Seki becomes suspicious about Juzo's increasingly odd behaviour and goes to inform Arai at the work site, but Arai dismisses him without giving him a chance to speak. During this incident, Seki doesn't realise he's being watched by Number 13, but as soon as he does, Number 13 kills him. Similar incidents follow, which eventually attracts Juzo and Arai's attention. Number 13 takes Nozomi's life and kidnaps her toddler son. After finding their bodies, Juzo knows where Number 13 has disappeared to: the middle school. At the same time Akai, now knowing who Juzo is, discovers his wife's body and his son missing. He also goes to school. Having arrived first, Juzo discovers what happens to the toddler son, whom Number 13 forcibly drowned, and realises it's gone out of control. He goes to confront Number 13, but by then, Akai arrives and attacks Juzo whom he believes has his son. After a violent confrontation, Juzo--who we realise is Number 13 all along--kneels over fallen Akai. As he is about to bring down a weapon upon Akai's head, Akai shouts out an apology. Juzo freezes. The apology splits Juzo's universe into two. Universe #1: as described above. Universe #2: as middle school boys, Akai apologises after Juzo stood up against Akai's bullying. Soon after, Juzo appears in a class photo as a quiet but happy-looking middle school student. As an adult, he walks past an apartment block where he and the Akai family lived in Universe #1. Juzo notes some construction workers are taking down the block sign, which hints the block is slated to be demolished, then he spots a dark figure in a window. It's Number 13, but Juzo doesn't recognise him as he looks away and continues walking along the side of a man who appears to be Juzo's work friend. It's Arai. At this point, we viewers realise that the events we saw in Universe #1 never took place in Universe #2. Universe #1 is a scenario of what could have been if Juzo hadn't won Akai's apology after standing up for himself on the day of the potential acid incident and their school photo session. The acid incident, if Juzo had failed to stand up for himself, could have given birth to Number 13, thus creating Juzo's path to Universe #1."] ['Steve , Larry , and Rip  are part of a paintball team known as "The Zero Boys". After winning a paintball tournament, they decide to celebrate. When the trio and their girlfriends take a leisure trip into the mountains, they stumble upon the most gruesome massacre in history. Blood-chilling screams lead the group to a deserted cabin, where they gradually discover the horrors of the killings and the evil causing it. Now the Zero Boys, armed with real weapons of their own, must do what comes best - destroy the enemy.'] ['The film is told in flashback from the point of view of horror author Franklin "Frankie" Scarlatti on his way to his hometown Willowpoint Falls. On Halloween 1962, Frankie , then 9 years old, is tricked by school jokesters Donald  and Louie  and ends up locked in the school\'s cloakroom. Trapped well after dark, he witnesses a girl\'s ghost being murdered and then himself is attacked by a dark figure. Losing consciousness he speaks to the ghost who asks for his help to find her mother. Frankie is revived by his father and rushed to the hospital. The police arrest the black janitor, Harold "Willy" Williams , who was found drunk in the basement, believing him to be the attacker. As Frankie recovers at home, Frankie\'s brother Geno  brings him a newspaper article about the attack and he learns it was linked to the deaths of eleven other children at the hands of a serial killer. He also learns the name of the ghost - Melissa Ann Montgomery . She continues to haunt Frankie and the two become an odd sort of friends. Striving to help her, he returns to the cloakroom and discovers several objects including her hairclip and an old high school class ring. Later, Frankie overhears the chief of police talking to his father Angelo  about the case against the janitor crumbling and the cloakroom being the scene of Melissa\'s murder. Frankie confides in family friend Phil  that the class ring probably belongs to the killer and that he thinks the killer returned to the cloakroom to search for it. Unbeknownst to Frankie, Geno has discovered and taken the class ring. The school jokesters lure Frankie out to the nearby cliffs, where they encounter a lady in white clothing living inside an abandoned cottage. The children take off running and Frankie runs into his brother Geno on the way home. Frankie tries to explain everything to Geno, but Geno doesn\'t believe him. One evening though, Melissa appears to both of them and, despite Geno\'s injured foot , they follow her through her nightly death re-creation. They trail behind her lifeless body as it is carried by an invisible figure out to the cliffs. At the last minute, she awakes and begins screaming as she is thrown over the cliffs. A ghostly lady in white  then comes out of the cottage and throws herself over the edge after she sees Melissa\'s lifeless body. Willy, the school janitor is finally brought to court, but a grand jury decides against going to trial due to insufficient evidence. He is subsequently murdered by the mother of one of the serial killer\'s victims. The real killer is still at large though and Geno uses the class ring to track him down after realizing that their father and the killer wear the same exact class rings. Angelo\'s yearbook reveals that the initials on the ring, M.P.T., belong to Michael P. Terragarossa. Geno knows, however, that the "P" stands for Phillip, as in, their family friend Phil and he rushes to tell his father. Frankie happens to be with Phil at that same time and as well realizes that he is the killer after Phil starts whistling "Did You Ever See a Dream Walking" . Phil catches on that Frankie has deduced his secret and attacks him, but Frankie escapes and runs to the cliffs. Phil catches him and confesses to the murders just before he starts to strangle Frankie. Phil is struck from behind and both Phil and Frankie collapse to the ground lifeless. Regaining consciousness, Frankie finds himself in Melissa\'s old cottage with his savior Amanda Harper . She reveals that she is Melissa\'s aunt and has been living in the cottage since her sister and nieces\' deaths. She was the first lady in white Frankie had seen. Phil reemerges in the cottage and kills Amanda, setting the building ablaze in the process. Pulling Frankie from the burning cottage, Phil then tries to throw Frankie from the cliff, but the ghostly lady in white appears and scares Phil over the edge. Melissa as well appears and the two ghosts ascend into the sky finally reunited. As Frankie is crawling away from the cliff edge Phil grabs his ankle. Angelo, Geno, and the police arrive saving Frankie. Angelo tries to save Phil, but overcome with shame, Phil lets go and falls to his death, despite Angelo\'s pleas not to. With Phil gone, the movie ends as the group watches the cottage burn as the snow begins to fall.'] ["Michael, a shy, socially awkward doormat, meets the extroverted Alex, who teaches him to be assertive and take risks. Things go too far, however, when they go on a drug-fueled robbery spree and assault a coworker Michael dislikes. When Michael wants out, Alex becomes angry and tries to destroy Michael's life: He steals all of Michael's possessions and frames him for murder."] ["David Weinberg , a lawyer in his 50s, and his much younger wife Alexis , drive through a torrential rainstorm to get the last ferry to their private island. They catch sight of an injured young man  at the side of the road, whom they reluctantly drive to the nearest town. Having missed their ferry, the couple checks into a motel, and take the next day's ferry. The young man , is also on the ferry, though they do not meet. David and Alexis have a troubled seven-year marriage, punctuated by miscommunication and missed opportunities. In an attempt to make up for his displays of temper, David arranges a romantic sailing excursion, but this goes terribly wrong when they encounter a fogbank and run aground. They find the young man camping on the shore, and are invited, after an initial misunderstanding, to share his fire. David recruits his assistance with ungrounding the sailboat, and invites him into his home. That evening, Alexis dreams that she has taken a blanket to the young man and that her husband has attacked her in a fit of jealousy. In the morning, the couple discovers that he has made them a lovely breakfast, and it transpires that David has actually delivered the blanket to him. David invites the young man to stay for dinner that night to sample his own cooking in a challenge, then leaves to play golf. Alexis and the man waste time together while downing a bottle of whiskey, talking about themselves and dressing up for fun in the boat house. He explains that he is a poet, but that he is unable to write and shows Alexis his work, all in different handwriting. He persuades her to take dictation of a quite dark poem describing drowning. Eventually they go off on a wild mushroom hunting walk in the nearby woods, and Alexis stops the young man from consuming a mushroom that she says would have killed him in a minute. She then shows him how to tell the difference between the lethal mushroom he almost ate, and one that looks almost identical, but is in fact an aphrodisiac. After failing to convince her to eat the aphrodisiac mushroom, they return home, where he apologises. David returns from golf, claiming to be ill, but he recovers enough to make dinner for his wife and the man when he is reminded of the challenge. The plans to return the man to town are thwarted, however, when David takes him across on the boat and it dies half-way, leaving the man with no option but to stay with them another night, which he doesn't seem pleased about. The next morning, however, David provokes an argument with Alexis and gets into a brief fight with the young man, who flees to hide in the shed when David comes after him. He is driven out of the shed and runs into the woods, David still chasing after him. When David approaches Alexis in the woods, she tells him that they're through and then finds the young man on the ground. He seduces her while trying to coerce her into eating one of the mushrooms. This time, unlike the last, she doesn't stop him from continuing. A funeral follows, and the young man's poem, written in Alexis' handwriting and signed by her, is read, as if it was her suicide note. David then returns to the island by boat. He strips and swims to shore in the icy water, as if stripping off and washing away his former life. Some time later, someone arrives at the house, seen from the back wearing a hooded jacket. The stranger kisses David, and is revealed to be the young man. It becomes abundantly clear that he and David are lovers, and that Alexis' death was planned by the two of them."] ['After a rooftop chase in which his latent acrophobia results in the death of a police officer, San Francisco detective John "Scottie" Ferguson retires, spending much of his time with his ex-fiancée Midge Wood. Scottie tries to gradually conquer his fear but Midge suggests another severe emotional shock may be the only cure. An acquaintance, Gavin Elster, asks Scottie to tail his wife, Madeleine, claiming she has been possessed; Scottie reluctantly agrees. The next day Scottie follows Madeleine to a florist where she secures a bouquet of flowers; next, she visits the grave of Carlotta Valdes; then she visits an art museum where she sits watching Portrait of Carlotta, a painting of a woman resembling her. Lastly, she enters the McKittrick Hotel, but when Scottie investigates, she is missing and the clerk insists she has not been there. Midge takes Scottie to a local history expert, who informs them Carlotta Valdes tragically committed suicide. Another visit with Gavin reveals Carlotta is Madeleine\'s great-grandmother, who Gavin fears is possessing Madeleine. Gavin also says Madeleine has no knowledge of Carlotta. Scottie tails Madeleine to Fort Point , where she suddenly leaps into San Francisco Bay. Scottie rescues Madeleine and takes her to his home. The meeting is tense and leads to a strange intimacy between them, but Madeleine quickly slips out when Scottie receives a phone call. The next day Scottie follows Madeleine to his own house, where she is hand-delivering a thank-you note to him for rescuing her, and they decide to spend the day together because Scottie fears Madeleine might attempt suicide again. The two travel to Muir Woods and then Cypress Point along 17-Mile Drive near Pebble Beach, where Madeleine, embarrassed from confessing that her dreams sound mad, runs to the ocean. Scottie chases after her and they embrace and kiss. Upon hearing the details of her nightmare, Scottie identifies the setting as Mission San Juan Bautista and takes Madeleine there, where they proclaim their love for each other. Madeleine suddenly runs into the church and up the bell tower. Scottie, halted on the steps by vertigo and paralyzing fear, watches as Madeleine plunges to her death. An inquest declares Madeleine\'s death a suicide, but Scottie feels ashamed that his weakness rendered him incapable of preventing someone\'s death. Gavin does not fault Scottie, but in the following weeks Scottie becomes depressed. While undergoing treatment in a sanatorium, he becomes mute, haunted by vivid nightmares. Although Midge visits, his condition remains unchanged. After release, Scottie haunts the places that Madeleine visited, often imagining that he sees her. One day, he spots a woman who reminds him of Madeleine, despite the woman\'s less elegant dress and heavier makeup. Scottie follows the woman to her hotel room, where she identifies herself as Judy Barton from Kansas. Though initially suspicious and defensive, Judy eventually agrees to join Scottie for dinner. After Scottie leaves, Judy has a flashback revealing that she was, in fact, the woman known as "Madeleine", but she is not Gavin\'s wife. Judy prepares to leave and writes a confession letter to Scottie explaining that she was an accomplice to the real Madeleine Elster\'s murder by Gavin, and how Gavin had taken advantage of Scottie\'s acrophobia. She rips up the letter and decides to continue the charade because of her love for Scottie. Scottie remains obsessed by his memory of "Madeleine" and their similarities. He transforms an initially unwilling Judy until she once more resembles Madeleine. Judy agrees to change on the chance that they may finally find happiness together. But Scottie realizes the truth when Judy wears a unique necklace that he remembered from the portrait of Carlotta Valdes. Instead of dinner, Scottie insists on taking Judy to the Mission San Juan Bautista. There, he reveals that he wants to re-enact the event that led to his madness, admitting that he now knows Madeleine and Judy are the same. Scottie forces her up the bell tower and angrily presses Judy to admit her deceit. Scottie reaches the top, conquering his acrophobia at last. Judy confesses that Gavin had hired her to pose as a possessed Madeleine; Gavin faked the suicide by tossing the body of his already-murdered wife from the bell tower. Judy pleads to Scottie to forgive her because she loves him. The two embrace when a nun, in shadow, emerges from the trapdoor; startled, Judy steps backward and falls to her death. Scottie stands on the narrow ledge while the nun rings the mission bell.'] ["Corazon revolves around the love story of a married couple during the times of Japanese rule in the Philippines who's having a hard time conceiving a child. After joining traditional fertility rites in honor of certain patron saints, their prayers are eventually answered but unexpected circumstances will lead to their baby's death. At which point the conflict of the story will begin.{{cite web}}"] [' The movie opens with a scene that is repeated later in the film in which a reporter meets with police searching a cavern. He is told a Mazes and Monsters game got out of hand. Robbie Wheeling  starts college at the fictional Grant University and soon develops a group of friends, all of whom have their own personal problems and issues. JayJay  feels marginalized by his mother who constantly redecorates his room, Kate  has had a series of failed relationships, Daniel\'s  parents reject his dream of becoming a video game designer, and Robbie\'s alcoholic mother and strict father fight constantly and he is still tormented by the mysterious disappearance of his brother Hall. They are fans of a game called Mazes and Monsters, a fantasy roleplaying game that had previously caused Robbie to flunk out of his last school when he became too obsessed with it. Though he is reluctant, the other three students convince him to start playing again with them. Through the course of playing the game, Robbie and Kate begin a serious relationship, in which he confides in her that he still has nightmares about his missing brother. Eventually, JayJay, upset by feeling left out by his friends, decides to commit suicide in a local cavern. In the process of planning it out, he changes his mind and decides the cavern would be better suited to a new Mazes and Monsters campaign. He dramatically kills off his character to force them to start a new campaign, in which he describes they will be living out their fantasy. During the actual spelunking, Robbie experiences a psychotic episode, where he hallucinates that he has slain a monster, called a Gorvil. From this point forward, Robbie believes he is actually his character, the cleric Pardieu. This leads him to break off his relationship with Kate , and to start drawing maps that will lead him to a sacred person he has seen in his dreams called the Great Hall. In his dream, the Great Hall tells him to go to the Two Towers, which is in fact the World Trade Center, and he believes that by jumping off of them and casting a spell, he will finally join the Great Hall. His friends have reported him to the police while concealing their trip into the caverns, and eventually deduce his location in New York and stop him from jumping. The movie ends with the friends visiting Robbie at his parents\' estate. Though he is now in regular counseling, it is implied that Robbie will live out the rest of his life trapped in his imaginary world believing that he is still Pardieu, that his friends are really their characters, and that he is living at an inn  and paying for his boarding with a magic coin, which "magically" reappears on his bedside table each morning. The other three friends engage him one last time in a "game" of Mazes and Monsters, letting Robbie dictate the events to them.'] ['Cargo tells the tale of a young man who has gotten into trouble in Africa and because of this he decides to stow away on a cargo ship leaving for Europe. During this voyage, sailors on the ship began to disappear with no apparent reason and the story turns more to the depraved life of the captain of the ship.'] ['Victoria  receives an invitation from her sister Carolyn ([[Pink . The first line of the film is a voice-over: "My sister sent me a postcard, all it said was \'Come to Paris. It\'ll be good for you.\' 48 hours after I arrived, she and everyone I\'d met were dead." Victoria arrives in Paris and Carolyn takes her home, where one of Carolyn\'s friends scares her with a mask. After settling in, the sisters tour Paris and shop. During a break Carolyn tells Victoria about a secret rave in the Catacombs of Paris that night. There is a long line of people at the catacombs, but Carolyn is friends with the bouncer and they are allowed in without waiting. Her entrance fee into this location was forced "services" by her friends. Carolyn is given two flashlights and a map to the rave and they arrive to hear an introduction by host Jean-Michel . During the rave, Victoria begins to feel dizzy and needs water for her medication. Jean-Michel escorts her to the private VIP area of the party, where they find Carolyn and a group of friends. Jean-Michel pours Victoria a large glass of absinthe, and tells her of a killer living in the catacombs. Raised by a Satanic Cult, the killer, "Antichrist," feeds on people who get lost in the Catacombs. Most of the guys dismiss the story as a myth and decide to go skinny dipping. Victoria declines to join them, and becomes lost as she heads back to the rave. She is joined by Carolyn, and as the sisters attempt to find their way back, someone grabs Carolyn and drags her off into the darkness. Victoria finds Carolyn dead and panics. A man in a goat mask begins to chase her, and she finds shelter hiding in a storage room. When the man arrives and starts a generator, it appears that the storage room is his home. Victoria escapes and runs back toward the crowds. She has scarcely returned when the Prefecture of Police burst in and interrupt the rave. Victoria is caught up in a mob and hits her head, and when she regains consciousness she is alone in the catacombs. She encounters a man named Henri who tries to help her, but every exit they come to is blocked. Henri falls through a rotted walkway while they are searching for a way out and injures his leg. Victoria tries to help him, but eventually gives up; she takes his map and leaves him in the dark, striking out on her own. When she finds an exit she is frightened by someone on the other side trying to get in, and she flees, fearing it is the Antichrist. After a chase through the tunnels she hides behind a wall column, armed with a mining pick. When the pursuer approaches, she strikes out blindly with the pick and hits him. Shortly after, Carolyn and her friends show up and tell Victoria that it was all just a prank. They wonder why Victoria is crying until they see Jean-Michel lying dead, felled by the blow of Victoria\'s pick. Carolyn screams at the exhausted and terrified Victoria, who lashes out with the pick and kills Carolyn and her remaining friends. Escaping at last from the catacombs, covered in blood, Victoria returns to the airport in a taxi, and repeats the voice-over line which started the film.'] ["Child psychologist Catherine Deane  is an expert in an experimental treatment for coma patients: a virtual reality device that allows her to enter into the minds of her patients and attempt to coax them into consciousness. When serial killer Carl Rudolph Stargher  falls into a coma before the FBI can locate his final victim, Agent Novak  persuades Deane to enter Stargher's mind and discover the victim's location.{{cite book}} Stargher's victim is imprisoned in a cell in the form of a glass enclosure that is slowly filling with water by means of an automatic timer. Deane enters Stargher's twisted mind, where she is confronted by both the violent and innocent parts of the killer's psyche. The innocent half shows her the abuse he suffered at his father's hands, and the birth of his pathology when he drowned an injured bird as a mercy killing. Deane attempts to nurture the innocent side of Stargher's mind, but his murderous half thwarts her at every turn. Despite Deane's best efforts, she becomes trapped in Stargher's dark dreamscape. Novak volunteers to enter Stargher's mind and attempts to rescue her. He breaks Deane from Stargher's hold and discovers clues to the whereabouts of his victim, Novak relates his revelations to his team and they are able to track down the location of Stargher's victim . Novak discovers Stargher's secret underground room and saves Stargher's victim just in time. Meanwhile, Deane decides to reverse the process and pull Stargher's mind into her own. She presents Stargher's innocent side with a paradise, but his murderous side is always present, and manifests as a serpent. This time, however, Deane has all the power; she attacks the serpent-Stargher, but discovers that she cannot destroy one half without killing the other. Stargher's innocent side reminds her of the bird he drowned, and she kills him to put him out of his misery. She adopts Stargher's dog, and successfully uses her new technique on her other coma patient."] ['A college student discovers her dorm was once a notorious asylum.{{IMDB title|0804443|titlewww.thejohnsonian.com Winthrop changes name for film]'] ["Drifter Harry Madox takes a job as a used car salesman in a small Texas town. In the summer heat, he develops an interest in two women, one who works at the car dealership and another who is married to its owner. Gloria Harper is a young, 19 year old girl with a secret. It somehow involves a sleazy local man named Frank Sutton who appears to have some hold on her. Dolly Harshaw is a seductive, anything-goes femme fatale married to George Harshaw, the car dealer. She keeps a gun handy and likes to have sex in unusual, dangerous ways. Harry carries on with both while looking for an opportunity to rob the local bank. It ultimately is revealed that Sutton has nude photographs of Gloria, taken from a distance at a remote lakeside setting. Harry lies in wait for Sutton one night and viciously beats him. Dolly begins to see Harry as her ticket to better things. When she coaxes her husband into bed, it is only to bring George's weak heart to a fatal end. A sheriff arrests Harry, suspecting him in the bank job, but cannot prove it. Harry decides to leave town with Gloria by his side, but Dolly puts an end to that by revealing to Gloria everything else Harry has been doing in town, including her."] ['Travis Bickle , an honorably discharged U.S. Marine, is a lonely and depressed man living in Manhattan, New York. He becomes a taxi driver in order to cope with chronic insomnia, driving passengers every night around the boroughs of New York City. He also spends time in seedy porn theaters and keeps a diary. Travis becomes infatuated with Betsy , a campaign volunteer for Senator Charles Palantine ([[Leonard Harris , who is running for President. After watching her through her office window, interacting with fellow worker Tom , Travis enters to volunteer as a pretext to talk to her and takes her out for coffee. On a later date he takes her to see a sex film, which offends her, so she goes home alone. His attempts at reconciliation by sending flowers are rebuffed so he berates her at the campaign office, before being kicked out by Tom. Travis confides in fellow taxi driver Wizard  about his thoughts, which are beginning to turn violent, but Wizard assures him that he will be fine. Disgusted by the street crime and prostitution that he witnesses through the city, Travis finds a focus for his frustration and begins a program of intense physical training. He buys guns from dealer Easy Andy  and constructs a sleeve gun to attach on his arm with which he practices drawing his weapons. One night, Travis enters a convenience store moments before a man attempts to rob it and shoots the robber. The shop owner  takes responsibility and Travis leaves. On another night, 12-year-old child prostitute Iris  enters Travis\'s cab, attempting to escape her pimp Matthew "Sport" . Sport drags Iris from the cab and throws Travis a crumpled twenty-dollar bill, which continually reminds him of her. Travis arranges to meet Iris and attempts to persuade her to quit prostitution. They meet again the next day for breakfast and Travis becomes obsessed with helping her return to her parents\' home, sending her money to do so and a letter in which he states he will soon be dead. After shaving his head into a mohawk, Travis attends a public rally where he attempts to assassinate Senator Palantine, but Secret Service agents notice him and he flees. He returns to his apartment and then drives to the East Village, where he confronts Sport. Travis shoots him, then walks into Iris’ brothel and shoots off the bouncer\'s fingers. After Sport shoots Travis in the neck, wounding him, Travis shoots him dead. Another thug appears and shoots Travis in the arm, but Travis reveals his sleeve gun and kills the thug. The bouncer continues to harass Travis, causing Travis to shoot him in the head and kill him. As a horrified Iris cries, Travis attempts suicide but, out of ammunition, resigns himself to a sofa until police arrive. When they do, he places his index finger against his temple gesturing the act of shooting himself. Recuperating, Travis receives a letter from Iris\'s parents who thank him for saving her and the media hail him as a hero. Travis then returns to his job and encounters Betsy as a fare. She discusses his newly found fame, but he denies being a hero and drops her off for free. He glances anxiously at an object in his rear view mirror as he drives away.'] ['Tom , who suffers from a rare DNA degenerative condition, becomes the subject of a secretive, inter-species experiment. To treat his disease, his doctor  decides to inject him a part of feline brain. But while the feline injections have restored his health, more sinister changes gradually begin to manifest themselves, slowly transforming Tom into a creature of the dark. The movie was shot in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.'] [' Alan and Jane Palmer  are driving to a party in the Hollywood Hills one evening when someone in another car throws a suitcase stuffed with cash into the back seat of their convertible. They are chased by yet another car for a short time but get away. Back at their  Hollywood apartment they find $60,000 inside the suitcase. Jane wants to keep the money, but Alan wants to take it to the police and stashes the cash in a locker at Union Station, hoping he can sway her into willingly giving the money to the police. A few days later while Alan is at work Danny  shows up at their apartment, tells Jane he is a detective and quickly learns she has the money and has already begun spending it. Her husband Alan likewise becomes upset when he finds she has been running up bills, clearly planning to spend their new-found, ill-gotten wealth. With her heart steadfastly set on keeping the money, she makes a deal with Danny to split the money. Hoping to kill him, she lures Danny up into the hills but he doesn\'t trust her and flees. She later asks a now wary Danny to meet her in the evening at Westlake Park near downtown Los Angeles, where she and her husband Alan take a romantic boat ride. Jane has planned to kill her husband Alan in the boat but is stopped by a pang of guilt and begs him to take her to shore, then blurts out that she wants to send the claim check for the locker to the police. Unaware of why his wife is upset, Alan wants to carry on with the boat ride. Hoping to find cigarettes, he picks up her bag and his own gun falls out. The startled look on his face tells Jane he knows straight off what she had in mind, she fearfully grabs the gun, they struggle and she shoots, killing him. When Danny sees the body he doesn\'t like the notion of being tangled up in a murder, but Jane threatens to tell the police he killed her husband unless he helps her. As she planned earlier, after dumping the body in the lake they leave the park together so as to mislead witnesses into thinking she left with her husband, whom she later reports as missing. Don Blake  claims to be an old army buddy of Alan\'s and in Los Angeles by happenstance. Whilst looking into what happened to Alan, Don falls in love with Alan\'s younger sister Kathy, who lives in the same apartment building and has growing worries about Jane. Jane finds out that Don never knew Alan and hits him over the head with a pistol. Having gotten the cash out of the locker at Union Station, she meets a wholly drunken Danny at his apartment and says she needs him to help her run away. Danny tells Jane he knows he still can\'t trust her, but that he has fallen in love with her and that money was a "once in a lifetime" blackmail payoff from an insurance scam. She kills him with a poisoned drink. After finding Danny\'s body, the Los Angeles police tell Don that if he wants them to drain the small lake at Westlake Park in search of Jane\'s missing husband, he must pay thousands of dollars. Meanwhile Jane flees with all the money to Mexico City, where Don finds her living in a lavish, streamline moderne hotel penthouse. Thinking he is either after the money or with the police, Jane pleads with him to take half. Don tells her he is the brother of Jane\'s earlier, first husband Bob Blanchard and that he now understands how she could have driven him into killing himself. As Mexican police detectives rush into the room she quickly backs away in tears onto a balcony, then screams as she falls over the railing to her death.'] ['An older man and his dog are out hunting, when they discover a serving tray on a stand in the middle of a frozen lake. He notices the words "Come and See" painted on several trees as he lifts the lid. Detective Aidan Breslin  is a widower who has become emotionally distanced from his two sons, Alex  and Sean , following the death of his wife three years prior to the film\'s events. Due to his former dental forensics expertise, Aidan receives a call regarding the contents of the tray, where it is revealed that it contained human teeth. After analyzing the teeth, Breslin is able to match them to a man who had been reported missing. Aidan is once again called to investigate the bizarre murder of a woman named Mrs. Spitz, who was discovered hanging in her bedroom, eerily displayed and strung up on a series of hooks connected to a rig; the words "Come and See" displayed prominently on the walls. According to her autopsy report, she drowned in her own blood due to a precise stabbing. They also discover that Mrs. Spitz had been pregnant and the fetus was removed. Aidan speculates that there were four attackers and that they had used a camera to record the murder. After leaving the crime-scene, Breslin comforts one of the Spitz\'s three daughters, their adopted Asian daughter Kristen , reassuring her that he will do his best to solve the crime. The next murder shares the same M.O. with the Spitz murder; the similar hook contraption leads Breslin to a local tattoo parlor. There, he is informed that the owner constructed four devices in total. Yet another murder occurs, but this time no hook rig was involved and the message only appears on three of the room\'s walls. While Aidan reviews the evidence at his home, Sean stumbles on one of the photographs. Sean\'s insights point Breslin to the Bible, where he discovers that these killings are patterned after the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, with each room corresponding to a Horsemen; the "Come and See" message pertains to the lifting of the veil and the coming of the Apocalypse. When Kristen contacts Aidan unexpectedly, he goes to meet with her, and during their conversation Kristen produces the missing fetus, confessing to the murder. During her interrogation, Aidan discovers the darker side of Kristen\'s personality, one similar to the Horseman War. Later, Breslin goes over to Kristen\'s house where he and his partner, Stingray , discover the video recording from the murders as well as some polaroids of Kristen posing sexually with Mr. Spitz . Mr. Spitz unsuccessfully assaults Breslin. Breslin confronts Mr. Spitz with the photos of him and Kristen. Stingray and Breslin arrest Mr. Spitz and his children are placed in protective custody. When Breslin confronts Kristen in jail, she claims to have been sexually abused for years and the murder of Mrs. Spitz served as punishment for her abuse. Following the interview, Breslin has Mr. Spitz arrested. A microchip discovered in the unrigged victim\'s stomach leads Breslin to an apartment associated with the four horsemen. The apartment is booby-trapped and is engulfed in flames by magnesium ribbons in the computers. Meanwhile, a gay young man, Cory , has a confrontation with his homophobic brother, Taylor . Cory puts what appears to be a sedative in Taylor\'s drink and hands it to him after he has heard his response to the issue. As Taylor drunkenly stumbles out to his car, Cory is accosted by another man in the parking lot. In response, Cory stabs the man, who survives the attack and later provides the police with Cory\'s description. The precision of the stab wound, and that Cory whispered "and Hell follows me", leads Aidan to assume that it was done by a Horseman . Elsewhere, Taylor awakens to find himself hooked onto a rig with his eyes fixed open. Cory appears wielding a bone saw, then proceeds to try to cut out his own heart, killing himself in the process. Breslin, convinced that there may be another victim, asks Kristen if she represented the Horseman War and that the unrigged victim was Pestilence. She confirms this, but refuses to relinquish any information about their leader. Breslin comes to the conclusion that due to the nature of the first murder, he was meant to be assigned to the case all along, and becomes concerned that his family will be targeted next. Breslin asks Stingray to go on ahead and check his house. At the Breslin home, Stingray is attacked and knocked out. Aiden arrives later and enters Alex\'s room for the first time in three years. To his horror, everything in the room is white or painted white: the color of the Horseman Famine, their leader. A clue points him to the Metropolitan Theatre, where Aidan first met his wife. When he arrives, he is knocked unconscious; when he comes to, he finds himself handcuffed to a seat as Alex dangles over the stage on the final hook rig. Alex starts bleeding to death, as he gives Breslin a speech regarding the Horsemen\'s emotional detachment from their families. As Alex succumbs to his injuries, Breslin rips his handcuffs off the seating and fires his gun to detach the rigging from the ceiling. Alex awakens as his father holds him. At the Breslin home, Sean wakes up from a bad dream as Breslin comforts him. When he asks where Alex is, Breslin reassures him that Alex will be okay, his fate ultimately unknown.'] ["Flying back to the Philippines to bury his father, an American man is informed by a mysterious phone caller that his mother and sister have been kidnapped and will be killed if he doesn't comply with certain demands. As he follows the phone caller's every wish, he slowly realizes that he is involved in a large conspiracy hatched by the Abu Sayyaf."] ['David Norton  is used to being in control. As a best-selling science fiction author, he decides the fate of his characters; his heroes, his villains, their lives and deaths. He is invited to an idyllic Mediterranean island for a conference. But his fiancee receives a strange call and jumps to her death from their hotel balcony, he has been lured into a trap. As he begins piecing answers together, people start inexplicably committing suicide all around him. Now David has become the reluctant hero of his own living story, and this time he has no idea how it will end.'] ["Party animal Rick , wild child Veronique , uptight Robert  and six other friends vacation in a plush mansion, where they find a mysterious board game. But the game proves dangerous when it draws out the nastiest qualities in all of its players. As buried fears, resentments, greed and attractions quickly and unsettlingly emerge, the game's goal becomes crystal clear: stay alive.www.netflix.com"] [' Dr Martin  arrives at a secluded asylum "for the incurably insane" to be interviewed for a job by the wheelchair-using, authoritarian Dr Lionel Rutherford ([[Patrick Magee . Rutherford explains that he owes his current incapacitation to an attack by an inmate. Rutherford reveals his unorthodox plan to determine Martin\'s suitability for the post of head Doctor. One of the asylum\'s current inmates is Dr B. Starr, the former head of the Asylum who underwent a complete mental breakdown. Martin is to interview the inmates of the asylum to deduce which one is Dr Starr. If his choice is correct Rutherford will "consider" him for the post. The attendant Max Reynolds  admits Martin through the security door to the inmates\' solitary confinement cells where he interviews each in turn.  Bonnie  recounts the plot to murder Ruth , the wealthy wife of her lover Walter . Ruth is a possessive heiress who studies voodoo, and this interest stands in the way of Bonnie and Walter being together.  Bruno  recounts how poverty forced him to accept the unusual request of a Mr Smith  to produce an elaborate suit of clothing from a mysterious, scintillating, fabric that can animate anything, including the dead. After learning what the suit will be used for, Bruno fights Smith and accidentally kills him. He returns with the unsold suit. His wife Anna  dresses their store mannequin in the suit and its true powers are revealed.  The ebullient Barbara  informs Martin she has been in an asylum before. After her release from that asylum she was closely monitored at home by her brother George  and a nurse, Miss Higgins . This frustrated existence is relieved when her mischievous friend Lucy  comes to visit.  Finally Martin interviews Dr. Byron  who holds Rutherford in deep contempt. Byron explains he is working towards soul transference with a small automaton whose head is a likeness of his own, and shows Martin several earlier models. Byron plans to "will" his mannequin to life, and explains the interior of the robot is organic, a miniaturised version of his own viscera. Martin concludes his interview and Max shows him downstairs to deliver his judgement to Rutherford.  Byron successfully brings his mannequin to life: it makes its way to Rutherford\'s office and kills him with a surgical knife. Then, Martin destroys the mannequin  and seeks help from Max Reynolds, and Dr. Starr\'s true identity is revealed: it is "Max Reynolds", who has killed the real Max Reynolds two days before. He then kills Martin.'] ["Ledda, a former hitman for organized crime, agrees to a last killing, despite his recently-developed Alzheimer's disease. He is to kill two people; on killing the first and recovering a package from the first victim, he then learns the second victim is Bieke, a twelve-year-old girl pimped by her father, who had been recently busted, but then killed by police trying to escape. Ledda refuses to kill a child. Resultantly, his employer, Seynaeve, has another hitman kill Bieke and orders him to kill Ledda. Ledda kills the hitman first but only after the hitman kills a prostitute who had befriended him. As a result, Ledda decides to kill Seynaeve. He also reviews the contents of the package, and discovers that his employer had Bieke and the first target killed to cover for several individuals who had used the services of the child. He decides to clean house by killing them all, several of whom are high-ranking government officials. Ledda's Alzheimer's condition  periodically impacts him throughout the movie, resulting in disoriention and seemingly forgetful of what he was doing for a brief period of time. It grows worse as the movie progresses. In his attempts to seek revenge upon his employers, Ledda contends with police pursuit. Two detectives in particular  seem to be one step behind him. Ledda toys with the police, although he ends up with a gunshot wound to the arm from Verstuyft because of attempting to talk to Vincke at one point. Ledda kills all of his intended targets, except the last, a high-ranking government official, Baron de Haeck, who manages to get away because of Ledda's worsening Alzheimer's, which leads him to forget to put the firing pin in his silenced pistol when preparing for the hit. Ledda is captured by the police, and between his worsening mental condition, and his gunshot wound, is bed-ridden and in poor health. The prosecutor, Bracke, who is in the pocket of the Baron, tries to have a court-appointed psychiatrist kill Ledda, which results in Ledda making a hasty escape. Ledda ends up meeting the two detectives in a car, and gives them a clue as to the whereabouts of a tape from the safety deposit box which implicates the Baron in murder. The corrupt police close in and surround the car, placing all inside at risk. Ledda decides to sacrifice himself by making a run from the car, and is gunned down. The movie ends with the detectives finding the tape and watching the Baron getting arrested."] ["At 1946, during the Nuremberg Trials, the Czecholsovak physician Doctor Heřman is abducted by a mysterious organization. To his horror, Heřman discovers that he is to treat Adolf Hitler, whose suicide in 1945 was faked. Hitler now lives in an isolated sanatorium in Germany, surrounded by his ostensibly loyal followers, a group of former high-ranking Nazis. But those men blame him for Germany's defeat and destruction, and have decided that a single death is not satisfactory punishment for Hitler. Rather, he is made to believe that the Second World War is still being fought. The German officers stage 'Allied raids' in which Hitler is captured, faces trial and a death sentence, put under the guillotine's blade and then is rescued by his supporters at the last moment - only to face it all again, over and over. The experience drives Hitler into an unberable mental agony; The doctor decides to put an end to his misery and kills him."] ["Janice Mitchell, Judith Light, is a married woman who has a brief affair with an attractive, younger man Dr. Guy Ellisman, Jack Wagner. When she breaks off the affair, he doesn't react well, first by stalking and raping her. Janice and her husband decide to take an island vacation with their daughter Tracey Gold who brings along her boyfriend who turns out to be Guy Ellisman. Janice soon finds herself at the risk of telling her family about her affair."] ["Jimmy Stevens  is a high level executive at an international energy consulting firm. Haunted by the criminal practices of his company, he decides to expose their corruption. He realizes this betrayal will lead to his murder, so he hires out a detective to trail him during his last days. Unaware that the man who has hired him and the man he is following are one and the same, Turlotte  begins a thrilling game of cat and mouse with Stevens and New York City becomes the arena for the uncertain contest. Slowly, the investigation begins to yield clues that come to reveal the larger story of Jimmy's mysterious past. As hints of his childhood in occupied France during WWII are unearthed, a haunting memory surrounding a lone, dying man and the two young boys who witness his last breath becomes the key to the present. As the clock winds down and the hired guns close in on Jimmy, Turlotte puts the puzzle pieces together with just enough time to fulfill his fated duty."] ['A couple, David  and Amy Fox  take a wrong turn on a remote mountain road. When their car breaks down, they realize they are in a cell phone dead zone, with no reception. They then decide to check into a completely isolated motel in a rural area with a strangely off-putting manager called Mason . While in their room, a bored David takes a peek at the video tapes left on top of the television. As he watches the tapes, he realizes they are snuff films, taken in the very room in which they are staying. The couple are alarmed by this as well as loud, insistent banging coming from the door to the adjacent room, and try to run away. Men dressed in blue and wearing masks stop them, and they return to their room. David makes a run to the motel\'s payphone booth to no avail, escaping it just before a car crashes into it. The couple decides to lock themselves in the room when they notice a truck pull in. They try to warn the truck driver only to find out that he\'s actually there to buy a box of tapes of the snuff films. David and Amy escape into a tunnel that they discover in the bathroom of their room. They follow the tunnel and end up inside the manager\'s lair, where they find video monitors taping the entire hotel. Amy tries to make a call to 911 but is interrupted before she can give the operator any useful information. The couple sneak back into the tunnel, and two of the masked people follow them in shortly after, but the couple evade them making their way into the auto garage across the lot from the motel. Meanwhile, the police unit responding to Amy\'s call arrives and David and Amy run to him as he checks the rooms. They all get inside the police car but it has been sabotaged and the killers murder the policeman while he looks under the hood. The couple run into one of the other motel rooms. David hides Amy in a space inside the ceiling, whilst he ventures out. The killers catch and stab David and he ends up lying unconscious in the doorway. In the morning, Amy comes down from the ceiling and finds where the killers hid their car. As Amy drives away, a killer breaks into the car from the sun roof, and in her effort to fend him off while driving, Amy crashes the car into the motel, killing her attacker as well as another one of the masked men, revealed to be the gas station attendant that earlier "helped" the couple with their car troubles, who is crushed against the front of the car. She runs into the reception area where she finds a revolver. In an effort to reach the revolver, an apoplectic Mason strangles her with a telephone cord. As they fight, Mason beats her severely. But in his effort to get a good final shot with his hand-held digital video camera, Mason throws Amy within reach of a revolver she had dropped, and she shoots Mason three times. Amy immediately runs to David to find that he is still barely alive. She searches Mason\'s body carefully for the telephone cord he had pulled out of the wall to use to strangle her, calls 911 again and returns to caress David.'] ["While carrying out his research as a travel journalist, cynical American Pete McKell  joins a group of tourists on a crocodile watching river cruise in Kakadu National Park of Australia's Northern Territory, led by a wildlife researcher named Kate Ryan . After a run-in with two locals, Neil  and Collin , the cruise winds to a close and Kate prepares to return the group to base. Everett ([[Robert Taylor  spots a flare in the distance, and Kate tells the group that they must investigate to determine whether someone is in distress. A few miles up river they come across a half-sunken boat when suddenly something crashes into the tourists' boat, creating a crack in the side. Kate's only choice is to run it ashore on a small island in the middle of the river. The group disembarks and begins discussion of what to do. Everett suddenly disappears, pulled into the water by an unseen predator. Kate comes to the conclusion that they are in the heart of a large crocodile's territory and that it will be more aggressive than usual. As darkness approaches, the tourists realize that the tide is rising: in a matter of hours their small island will be submerged. Neil and Collin arrive soon after and as they near the island, the 23-foot crocodile smashes Neil and Collin's boat and sinks it. Neil manages to swim to the island safely, but Collin has disappeared. As night falls, Neil proposes that he swim to the mainland and string a rope between two trees, creating a zip-line to allow the group to cross above the river. Neil succeeds in setting up the rope and Mary Ellen  crosses first only to freeze in fear halfway across. Allen ([[Geoff Morrell  becomes impatient and aggressive and attempts to get himself and his daughter Sherry  across with Mary Ellen still on the line. While trying to secure the rope, Neil is attacked by the crocodile and disappears. The tree holding the rope snaps and the three on the line fall into the water. They scurry back to the island, but as Allen crawls up the beach, the gigantic crocodile suddenly lunges out of the water, rips off his right arm, and throws him farther into the river where he is devoured. Later that night, Pete suggests they can delay the crocodile with a hook and bait on one side of the island while everyone escapes off the other side. Simon ([[Stephen Curry  is skeptical of the idea, but Russell  agrees to try. Lacking bait, everyone suggests using Kate's dog, much to her disgust, but they decide to use two dead birds that Neil and Collin had shown earlier. Kate hooks the dead birds onto the boat's anchor while Pete secures the anchor rope to a boulder and throws the bait out into the river. After a long wait, the anchor is suddenly grabbed and pulled and the group makes a break for the far shore. Russell assists Sherry's mother, Elizabeth , due to her inability to swim. Pete tries to stop the boulder from being pulled over as Kate swims across behind the group. The crocodile suddenly lets go of the hook and bait, seizes Kate, and drags her underwater. Pete hurriedly makes the swim across the river with Kevin in tow, and heads off into the bush to meet up with the others. As day breaks, Pete is crossing a stream when Kevin runs away. Pete chases the dog into a cave and falls down a narrow chute into a larger cave, where he sees Neil's corpse. He quickly realizes that the cave is the crocodile's lair, and to his surprise, he finds Kate alive but badly injured and unconscious. He attempts to carry her out but has to hide when he hears the crocodile returning and Kevin is eaten. Finishing its meal of Neil, the crocodile enters the cave and falls asleep. Trying to reach the entrance carrying Kate, Pete accidentally wakes the crocodile, and it makes several attempts to devour both him and Kate as he retreats into the narrow confines of the cave. Finally, after a long fight in which he gets tossed around and is bitten in the hand, Pete makes one last stand. He braces a broken log against a large boulder with the sharp end pointing out towards the crocodile. The crocodile lunges at him, and Pete successfully impales it through the head. He escapes from the cave with Kate to join the other tourists and waiting paramedics. As the credits roll, the camera zooms in on a newspaper article detailing Pete's heroic battle with the crocodile and rescue of Kate."] ["This psychological thriller tells the story of Jeff Cohalan ([[Robert Young . He's a successful architect who is tormented by the fact that his fiancée was killed in a mysterious car accident on the night before their wedding. Blaming himself for her death, Colahan spends his time alone, lamenting in the state-of-the-art cliff-top home he'd designed for his bride-to-be. Cohalan also notices that ever since the accident, he seems to be followed by bad luck. His horse and dog turn up dead without explanation, leading him to wonder if he has been cursed. He meets a woman named Ellen , and they are immediately attracted to each other. She soon learns about Jeff's past and begins to suspect that Jeff may be much more in danger than he himself realizes."] ['A young woman  who runs a wildlife sanctuary in the Outback is menaced by three kangaroo hunters who have entered the sanctuary looking for new game.'] ['The Eye  is an intelligence agent whose current assignment is to track down the rich socialite son of his boss and find out what trouble he has gotten himself into. This leads him to Joanna Eris , a serial killer who is in a relationship with the son, whom she murders. The Eye is a witness to the crime. At Penn Station in Pittsburgh, Eris commits yet another murder, enabling The Eye to finally corner her as he prepares to call for backup. Instead of turning her in, The Eye, having gone through a messy divorce in which he lost custody of his daughter, follows her in an effort to save her. He hallucinates constantly that his daughter is with him, and comes to think of Eris as a vulnerable, lost child. The Eye follows her across the country and through several murders. He soon discovers that Eris and her father were homeless and that he abandoned her, explaining her pathological hatred of men. When Eris helps a rich blind man  in an airport, the two become involved, fall in love and become engaged, and it looks like they might even live a happy life. The Eye, who has witnessed all of this, cannot bear to let her go, and is willing to do anything to stop her from having a relationship with another man. While the couple is on the way to the chapel for the wedding, The Eye shoots a bullet in one of their tires and the car crashes, killing Eris\' fiancé. After a stranger  forces Eris to inject heroin when her car dies in the desert, Eris loses her unborn baby before fleeing to Alaska, with the Eye on her trail. In Alaska, The Eye gains the courage to ask Eris out, as he is a frequent patron of the diner at which she waitresses. They have a few drinks in the evening, both getting emotional, and Eris mentions where she would like to be buried when she dies. She then says she has nothing to give him, that she is empty, and that he should leave her alone. The next day the police, as well as Eris\' psychiatrist , come to the diner to arrest her. The Eye tries to save her, taking her to his trailer. There she is horrified to find out that he has been following her. She shoots him, although only with a blank cartridge. She flees and he follows her on a motorcycle, where he catches up to her, and she realizes he is the "Angel" who has saved her from every tight situation she has gotten into. At this revelation she crashes the car. She tells him she knows him as her "Angel", and apparently dies from her injuries sustained in the crash .'] ["Megan Turner  is a rookie New York City policewoman who shoots and kills a suspect  with her police-issue .38 Special Smith & Wesson Model 10 revolver while he's holding up a neighborhood market. The suspect's .44 Magnum Smith & Wesson Model 29 revolver lands on the floor of the market in the shopping area as the suspect is blown backward through the front window. As she continues to the checkout area, Turner nearly steps on the suspect's gun directly in front of Eugene Hunt , a commodities trader, who is also a latent psychopath. Hunt takes the gun and slips away, using it to commit several bloody and brutal murders over the next few days. Because the robber's weapon was not found at the scene, Turner is accused of killing an unarmed man. While the officer attempts to clear her name with Chief Hoyt and her superiors, Hunt begins to romance the suspended Turner in a twisted love fetish. Turner arrests him but he is freed by his attorney, Mel Dawson. He begins to stalk Turner at her family home, an uncomfortable place where Turner remembers her mother being physically abused by her dad. Turner fights to keep her badge and solve the murders with the help of Detective Nick Mann , while trying to figure out her relationship with a killer. Hunt turns up at her apartment, injures Turner and kills her best friend, Tracy. This causes Meg to have an emotional breakdown. She spend the night with Mann, her fellow officer. Mann is ambushed by Hunt when he goes to the bathroom. Meg doesn't hear the shot because it was muffled. Eugene attacks her and she shoots him, but he runs off. Mann is unconscious and taken to the hospital. Determined to find Hunt and finish him off, Turner finally shoots and kills him after a long and violent confrontation and a bullet wound to her shoulder. She is taken away by paramedics for treatment."] ['Annie Laird  is a sculptor who lives in New York with her son Oliver . Annie works as a data entry clerk. Annie is selected to be a juror in the trial of mob boss Louie Boffano , who is accused of ordering the murder of Salvatore Riggio. Annie meets a man named Mark Cordell . He buys some of Annie\'s artwork, then wines and dines her before Annie discovers that Mark is better known as "The Teacher". He is Boffano\'s enforcer, and the material perpetrator of the hit job for which Boffano is being prosecuted. Mark tells Annie to convince the jury to acquit Boffano, or she and Oliver will die. An extremely frightened Annie does convince the jury to acquit Boffano. After the trial, Boffano wonders if maybe Annie should disappear, because Boffano sees Annie as a loose end. Mark has a problem with this because he has developed feelings for Annie. In order to exert further pressure on Annie, Mark goes after Annie\'s friend Juliet . After having sex with her, Mark reveals himself to Juliet as being Annie\'s stalker. He pulls a gun and forces Juliet to take a fatal drug overdose. Mark boasts of Juliet\'s murder to his partner Eddie . Annie hides Oliver in T\'ui Cuch, Guatemala with her friend Boone . At the same time, the district attorney wants Annie to turn state\'s witness so they can go after Mark, who now plans to take over Boffano\'s empire. When the DA\'s office has her wear a wire, Annie removes it and gives it to Eddie, instructing him to leave her and Mark alone. Annie then succeeds in getting Mark to incriminate himself in a boastful rant on his ambitions, which are recorded on a hidden tape recorder. She then uses the tape to tip off Boffano to Mark\'s plans. Boffano schedules a meeting to "deal" with Mark. Eddie arranges the meeting, but Mark kills both Boffano and Boffano\'s son Joseph , along with their henchmen. He also slashes Eddie\'s throat. Mark is furious at Annie for setting him up. He calls her, revealing his knowledge of Oliver\'s whereabouts and his intention to travel to Guatemala to kill Oliver. In Guatemala, there is a showdown when Mark arrives. After Mark chases Oliver into a structure, natives shoot Mark. Annie, who has a pistol, fires eight more shots, killing Mark and ensuring Oliver\'s safety.'] ["Sister Elizabeth, the mother superior of a medieval convent, has visions of Mary Magdalene and a skeletal dead nun. Father Henry, the abbot, and his servant Richard are summoned by the convent's abbess to help with the hysteria spreading among the order. Elizabeth recounts the confessions and fantasies of the nuns, flagellating herself and becoming excited as she does so: Sister Sarah masturbates; Sisters Mary and Helena flagellate one another and then have sex. Sister Catherine is violated by Fathers James and Peter. Finally, Sisters Jane, Teresa and Helen engage in three-way sex and violate Sister Ann after tying her to a cross. Elizabeth writhes violently in her cell and, as she dies, is tormented by visions of a crucified woman and Christ's beating Sacred Heart. Mother Elizabeth and an  demonic Mary Magdalene  debate desire and chastity within what seems to be a heavenly antechamber. Mary remarks to Elizabeth that, as her convent is full of repressed female desire, the Mother Superior too is enveloped within this voluptuous fold. Elizabeth details four fantasy vignettes. These are interspersed with conversations between the convent's former abbess, a priest, Abbess Elizabeth, an odd dead zombie nun and an actress Eileen Daly playing the spirit of Catechism.. The sex scenes conform to standard pornographic sequencing. They each start simply and culminate in erotic release at the end. There are scenes of the full lesbian sexual gamut, which extends from episodes of individual nuns' self-stimulation to non-monogamous lesbian sex to a final nun-centered crucifix-bondage scene, with copious use of the whip and the rope."] ["The film revolves around Tory Bodeen , who is blessed - or maybe cursed - with the ability to see the past and present. The film starts with Tory returning to the small town where she grew up, the town where her best friend Hope was killed as a young child. Tory's father, an abusive religious fanatic, remains the prime suspect in the unsolved murder. As the anniversary of Hope's death approaches, Tory resolves to face her demons, with the help of her childhood friends -- Tory's cousin Wade , Hope's twin sister Faith , and her older brother Cade , who realizes his childhood crush on Tory hasn't ended. Will her friends be enough to save Tory?"] ["Jake Nyman decides to take a professional vacation where all decisions will be made by the flip of a coin. He meets up with disenchanted Sandra Thomas, who becomes excited by the potential of having the coin make all the decisions. See, Flipism. Things seem okay, until Sandra vanishes and Alice becomes involved in Jake's life."] ['The film takes place in 1978 in a fictional town called Acqua Traverse in Southern Italy during the hottest summer of the century. A ten-year-old boy named Michele  and a group of his friends set out across scorched wheat fields in a race. Michele\'s sister tags along but falls, breaking her glasses, and calls out to Michele, who runs back to her. Michele quickly appeases her worries over the glasses, and they continue running. Of the group, they are the last ones to arrive at the deserted farmhouse, and Michele, therefore, must pay up. However, the leader of the group, Skull, chooses the only girl in the group besides Michele\'s sister to pay up instead. He instructs her to expose herself to the boys, and she looks to the others for help, but they refuse to meet her gaze. She reluctantly and hesitantly begins to oblige, when Michele pipes up that he was the one to arrive last and that he should be the one to pay. That is our first major building block of the qualities of the main protagonist on which the film\'s story will depend: he alone among his peers has a sensitivity to injustice and exploitation of power, to a degree we soon see should put his parents and their peers to shame. Michele is the conscience of the film - and of Italy and of us all. After Michele walks across a tall beam high up in a rickety old barn-like structure at the deserted farmhouse as punishment, the group is seen going home. As Michele and his sister ride home, she asks him where her glasses are, and he goes back to fetch them. While searching for these glasses in the farmhouse, Michele discovers a hole in the ground covered with a sheet of metal. He opens it and sees part of a bare leg; horrified, he runs away. The next day he returns to the site, throwing rocks at the leg. As he moves to pick up another rock, the camera pans to him, on the ground, searching around him in the dirt, where he finds another rock to throw. As the camera pans back into the hole, the leg is out of sight. Startled, Michele is suddenly staring down at a zombie-like young boy stumbling out of the darkness and into view. Terrified, Michele hurries home once more. Michele visits the zombie-boy again, and finds that he is actually alive, however, he is very weak. Michele brings him water and later food, making sure that his presence is not discovered by whoever put the boy there each time. Michele\'s undaunted curiosity leads him to begin questioning the confused, possibly delusional, and traumatized boy. He believes himself to be dead and asks Michele if he is his guardian angel. Then one night, Michele sees his parents watching on TV news that a child named Filippo has been kidnapped from Milan, and the boy in the pictures shown looks just like the boy in the hole. His parents are hosting late-night meetings with the parents of his playmates and one domineering visitor "from the North" who now sleeps in his room. Michele gradually comes to realize that his own father is involved in the kidnapping, as well as some other men in the town. He continues visiting Filippo  and one day he lets him out for some hours of play in the wheatfields together, and then he returns him back to the hole. To win a toy as present for Filippo, he barters his best friend Salvatore for a toy blue van by offering to share a secret. He tells Salvatore of Filippo\'s existence, but Salvatore shows discomfort with the story, albeit surrendering the van and promising Michele that he will not reveal the secret to anyone. But on his next visit to Filippo, Michele is apprehended by one of the kidnappers , who catches him in the hole with Filippo and punches him, then hauls him out and drives him home. Michele\'s friend Salvatore turns out to have revealed his secret to Skull\'s brother, a realization that brings betrayal into the story and now isolates our central protagonist as having no one he can confide in or trust among parents or peers. His parents do have contrasting reactions to his being apprehended. His mother defies Michele\'s attacker in defense of her son. But his father, upon learning that he has been visiting Filippo, threatens to beat him if he ever goes back to visit the kid again. Michele vows to oblige his father. But then one day Skull cajoles his peers into again visiting the farmhouse, where Michele discovers the hole empty and Filippo gone. His friend-turned-betrayor Salvatore readily tells him he knows where Filippo has been moved, having overheard his father tell Michele\'s father, and will tell him if Michele will forgive his betrayal. The next night, Michele overhears the adults in the film discussing who will kill Filippo, and Michele sets out immediately to find Filippo -- in a "cave" and save him, boosting him out and telling him to run for his life while Michele tries to find a way out for himself with no footing to boost him over the gate. Meanwhile, Michele\'s father has drawn the short match and shows up at the cave to kill Filippo. Michele sees it is his father and runs toward him across the cave just as his father fires his gun, shooting his own son\'s leg. In the film\'s last scene, Michele\'s father runs with Michele in his arms in search of medical aid as the ringleader from the "North"  finds him and insists he has to resume his assigned task, killing Filippo. Filippo appears and risks his own danger to show gratitude to Michele, just as helicopters arrive and track down the ringleader trying to escape. The film ends with the repentant father clutching his son and Michele reaching out to Filippo.'] ['Upon returning home from work on his birthday, Steve--a middle class husband and father of two--finds the house dark and his family not home. He notices a chair, his television set, and a video tape obviously set out for his viewing. He turns the TV and VCR on, and begins to watch a tape made for him by his wife, Alexandra. As the video proceeds to show Alexandra begin a striptease, at first it appears to be nothing more than a birthday gift. But as it progresses, it becomes clear that the tape is designed to torture Steve due to marital problems that Alexandra has been stewing about for years. She feigns breast cancer, has sex with their neighbor, and tells Steve that neither she nor their two children are ever coming home.'] ["The plot centers around the life of Angela Anderson , a sexually repressed woman in her mid twenties. The film begins with Angela buying a pair of large scissors from a hardware shop. On her way home she is attacked in the lift of her apartment block by a red bearded man, who she stabs with the scissors in self-defense. Immediately after the attack Angela is found by the twin brothers  who live next door to her. The first brother Alex is the star of a successful soap opera, whilst the other Cole is a wheelchair-using artist. As the film progresses an attraction develops between Angela and Alex, which is constantly restrained by Angela's sexual repression. Hypnotherapy sessions with her psychiatrist Dr Steven Carter  reveal a red bearded man named Billy in Angela's past, a startling coincidence to her recent attack. Following her attack in the elevator, the increasing attention from Alex and the fear of Cole she develops, Angela's sheltered world starts to fall apart. Following another encounter with her red bearded attacker, and harassment from Cole, Angela finds herself lured with the prospect of a job to a large and mysterious apartment where she finds herself trapped. In the master bedroom, Angela finds the body of her red bearded attacker, who has been murdered with the same pair of scissors at the start of the film. The only other living thing in the apartment with her is a caged raven, who caws repeatedly that Angela killed him. As Angela explores the apartment she finds it is full of exhibits relating to her own psychology, it is clear at this point that someone wants to drive Angela into insanity. Meanwhile, Alex has discovered that Angie is missing and while trying to discover her whereabouts, his brother Cole suddenly stands up from his wheelchair, attacks Alex, and then mysteriously leaves. After many failed escape attempts Angela takes the raven from its cage, ties a message to its leg and releases it into the air vent . Angela wakes up the following morning to find that the body of her attacker has been moved to the dining room, the mutilated corpse of the raven sits on a plate before it. The sight of this causes Angela to collapse in shock where she experiences a childhood flashback. In the flashback her red bearded stepfather Billy was murdered by her Mother with a pair of scissors before her eyes, the horror of which being the root of her repression. The next day the apartment is visited by Dr Carter's wife, who is having an affair with the owner. She arrives to find her husband waiting for her, disguised in a red beard, revealing that he was Angela's attacker at the beginning of the film. He reveals to his wife that when he learned of the affair he murdered her lover with a pair of scissors and had set Angela up to take the fall by luring her to the apartment, and exploiting what he had discovered about her past during hypnotherapy sessions. Carter convinces his horrified but politically ambitious wife to go along with the frame, and they set out to find the scissors used in the murder, since it may be used as evidence against him, leaving the main door to the apartment open in the process. While wandering in a trance-like state, Angela ventures through the door closing it behind her and trapping Carter and his wife inside. Dr. Carter attempts to lure Angela back by posing as Billy, to no avail. Outside Angela is rescued by Alex, who had tracked her to the apartment's address. The film ends with a trapped Carter banging the scissors furiously against the glass of the window, a liberated Angela looking back with a vengeful smile."] ['In a flashback sequence following the first film, Lawrence Gordon  crawls from the bathroom to find help after sawing off his foot. Along the way, he reaches a steam pipe and uses it to cauterize his ankle stump. In the present, Ryan  and Brad  awaken in a storefront window in a shopping area in front of a crowd of people, their wrists bound to a worktable. In front of each man is a buzz saw, and their mutual lover, Dina  is suspended above a third saw. Jigsaw\'s puppet tells them that they can either kill each other or allow Dina to die, and after realizing her betrayal, they decide to save themselves and allow her to lower onto the saw, killing her. After witnessing Mark Hoffman\'s  survival from the end of the sixth film, Jill Tuck  goes to Matt Gibson , an internal affairs detective at Hoffman\'s precinct, and offers to incriminate Hoffman in exchange for immunity and protection. Meanwhile, Hoffman abducts four racist skinheads and places them in the Horsepower Trap that kills all of them. After a gathering of past Jigsaw survivors, including Lawrence Gordon  and several others from previous films, takes place, Hoffman abducts the host, Bobby Dagen , a self-help guru who achieved fame and fortune by falsely claiming to have survived a Jigsaw trap. Hoffman sends videos to Gibson throughout the film, offering cryptic clues to his location and promising to stop the games if Jill is given to him. Bobby awakens in an abandoned insane asylum and is informed that his wife Joyce  has also been abducted and will die if he does not save her within an hour. After escaping a cage hanging over a floor of spikes, Bobby makes his way through the asylum to find his wife. Along the way, he finds Nina , his publicist; Suzanne , his lawyer; and Cale , his closest friend. All three are in separate traps, representing "Speak No Evil", "See No Evil", and "Hear No Evil" respectively, and all three are killed despite his efforts to save them. Gibson eventually discovers the location of the asylum and sends a SWAT team, who are all killed by toxic gas after being sealed elsewhere in the asylum. Gibson locates Hoffman\'s command center, where he discovers that Hoffman has hacked the police security system, and is killed by an automatic turret gun along with his men. Hoffman, who had been posing as one of the junkyard corpses, infiltrates police headquarters and kills everyone in his path leading to Jill. After a brief struggle, he finally knocks out Jill and restrains her to a chair then secures the original Reverse Bear-trap to her head, which kills her in a gruesome fashion. After removing his upper wisdom teeth to retrieve a combination to a locked door, Bobby reaches Joyce and is forced to drive two hooks through his pectoral muscles, the trap he claimed to survive, and hoist himself up by the chains to deactivate her trap. He fails when the hooks rip through his muscles, and a brazen bull capsule closes around Joyce and incinerates her. Moments after Hoffman destroys his workshop, he is attacked and captured by three Pighead-masked figures, led by Lawrence Gordon. Flashbacks reveal that John Kramer  found Lawrence by the steam pipe and nursed him to health, and Lawrence had helped John in secret ever since. Tasked to watch over Jill after John\'s death and to take action if anything happened to her, Lawrence brings Hoffman to the bathroom from the first film and shackles him by the ankle. He throws away the hacksaw he had sawed his own foot off with, and then seals the door to the bathroom, leaving Hoffman to die.'] ['The film opens with United States Undersecretary of Defense Michael Bergstrom , who commits suicide after discovering that he has tested positive for HIV. Angela Bennett  is a Venice, California systems analyst who telecommutes to Cathedral Software in San Francisco. Her interpersonal relationships are completely online and on the phone, limiting interactions with neighbors, and her mother  who is institutionalized with Alzheimer\'s disease. Bennett\'s coworker Dale sends her a floppy disk with a backdoor, labeled with "π", to a commonly used computer security system called "Gatekeeper" sold by Gregg Microsystems. Dale and Bennett agree to meet, but his private plane\'s navigation system malfunctions and it crashes. Bennett travels to Cozumel, Mexico on vacation, where she meets Jack Devlin . Devlin pays a mugger to steal Bennett\'s purse with the disk, then shoots the thief. He seduces Bennett on his speedboat, but she finds his gun and confronts him. While fleeing with the disk and Devlin\'s wallet Bennett\'s dinghy collides with rocks, destroying the disk and hospitalizing her, unconscious, for three days. When Bennett wakes up, she finds that all records of her life have been deleted: She was checked out of her hotel room, her car is no longer at the LAX parking lot, and her credit cards are invalid. Bennett\'s home is empty and listed for sale and, because none of the neighbors ever saw her, they cannot confirm her identity. Bennett\'s Social Security number is now assigned to a "Ruth Marx", who has an arrest record. Another woman has taken her identity at Cathedral; the impostor offers Bennett her old life back in exchange for the disk. She contacts the only other person who knows her by sight, psychiatrist and former lover Alan Champion . He checks her into a hotel, offers to contact a friend at the FBI, and arranges to have her mother moved for her safety. Using her knowledge of the backdoor and a password found in Devlin\'s wallet, Bennett logs into the Bethesda Naval Hospital\'s computers and learns that Bergstrom, who had opposed Gatekeeper\'s use by the federal government, was misdiagnosed. Fellow hacker "Cyberbob" identifies π with the "Praetorians", a notorious group of cyberterrorists linked to recent computer failures around the country. They plan to meet at Pacific Park on the Santa Monica Pier, but the Praetorians intercept their online chat. Bennett escapes from Devlin&mdash;a contract killer for the cyberterrorists&mdash;at the park, but the Praetorians kill Champion by tampering with pharmacy and hospital computer records. After Bennett is arrested by the California Highway Patrol a man identifying himself as Champion\'s FBI friend frees her from jail, but she discovers he is an impostor and escapes again. Now wanted for murder, Bennett travels to Cathedral\'s office where, using her impostor\'s computer, she connects the terrorists to Gregg Microsystems and uncovers their scheme; once the Praetorians sabotage an organization\'s computer system, Gregg sells his Gatekeeper product to them and gains unlimited access through the backdoor. Bennett emails evidence of the backdoor to the FBI from the Moscone Center and tricks Devlin into crashing Gregg\'s mainframe, undoing the erasing of her identity. They battle on the convention center\'s catwalks, where Devlin accidentally shoots and kills Marx. Bennett then ambushes Devlin with a fire extinguisher, causing him to fall. The film closes with Bennett reunited with her mother and the conspiracy exposed.'] ['Norman Bates is again released from the mental hospital he was placed in at the end of Psycho III after serving another few years and is apparently rehabiliated for the second time. Norman is now married to a young nurse named Connie and is expecting a child. However, Norman fears that the child will inherit his mental illness, so he must seek closure once and for all. Meanwhile, radio talk show host Fran Ambrose is discussing the topic of matricide with guest Dr. Richmond, Norman\'s former psychologist. The radio station receives a call from Norman, who uses the alias "Ed" to tell his story. Norman\'s narrative is seen as a series of flashbacks set in the 1940s and 1950s, some slightly out of order. When Norman is six years old, his father dies, leaving him in the care of his mother, Norma. Over the years, Norma  dominates her son, teaching him that sex is sinful and dressing him in girl\'s clothes as punishment for getting an erection in her presence. The two live isolated at the large house as if there is no one else in the world, until in 1949 she becomes engaged to a brutish man named Chet Rudolph, who helps build and finance their family motel. Driven over the edge with jealousy and betrayal, Norman kills both of them by serving them poisoned iced tea, then steals and preserves his mother\'s corpse. He develops a split personality in which he "becomes" his mother to suppress the guilt of murdering her; when this personality takes over, he dresses in her clothes, puts on a wig, and talks to himself in her voice. As "Mother", he murders two local women who try to seduce him during their stay at his newly opened motel. Dr. Richmond realizes "Ed" is Norman and tries to convince Ambrose to trace the calls. Richmond\'s worries are dismissed. Norman fears he will go insane and kill again. He tells Fran that Connie got pregnant against his wishes and that he does not want to create another "monster". He then tells Fran he realizes that his mother is dead, but that she may kill Connie "with my own hands, just like the first time." Norman takes his wife to his mother\'s house and does attempt to kill her. But after Connie reassures Norman that their child will not be a monster, he drops his knife and Connie forgives him. He then burns the house where all his unhappiness began. As he tries to escape the flames, he hallucinates that he sees his victims, his mother and eventually himself preserving her corpse. Bates barely gets out of the burning house alive. He and Connie leave the next day, with Norman proclaiming himself finally free of his mother. The doors of the house cellar close on the rocking chair that continues to rock, while "Mother" cries to be freed. The screen fades to black and the sound of a baby crying is heard, indicating the birth of Norman\'s child.'] ['FBI agent Jake Malloy is pursuing a serial killer who specializes in killing police officers. Malloy\'s former partner becomes one of the victims. While Malloy is at his partner\'s home, the murderer calls Malloy from Malloy\'s home while Mary, his girlfriend, is there. The killer tells Malloy that he pursued him four years before for a series of prostitute murders; he is holding a grudge and is going to kill Mary. Malloy rushes home to find Mary dead. When the killer\'s hideout is found, Seattle police and the FBI blockade the area before Malloy arrives. Malloy pursues the killer only to find that he appears to have committed suicide. Three months later, Malloy descends into alcoholism over Mary\'s murder. After Malloy slits his wrists in an unsuccessful suicide attempt, his best friend and supervising officer, Agent Chuck Hendricks, enrolls Malloy in a rehabilitation program designed for law enforcement officers. The clinic was formerly an abandoned military base. Dr. John "Doc" Mitchell, a former cop and recovering alcoholic, established the rehab center as a way of dealing with his own problems. Hendricks stays in Wyoming to ensure Malloy will be okay. Malloy meets several other officers who are patients in the clinic, including Peter Noah, an arrogant and paranoid ex-SWAT officer, Frank Slater, a cynical, opinionated British police officer, Willie Jones, a religious homicide detective, Jaworski, an alcoholic narcotics cop who attempted suicide, Lopez, a bad-mouthed LAPD officer and McKenzie, an elderly member of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police who saw his partner get killed. He also meets several staff members, including Doc\'s assistant and mechanic Hank and compassionate resident psychiatrist and nurse Jenny Munroe, whom Malloy develops a bond with. A blizzard seals them in the rehab center with no outside communication. The next day, Jenny finds the body of Connor, one of the troubled patients who apparently killed himself. Jenny suspects otherwise, believing Connor would have come to her. The next morning Hank finds the body of Carl Brandon, another patient. Brandon also seems to have killed himself, but Malloy finds that he did not kill himself. Doc locks up the surviving patients while he reviews their files. Jenny informs Doc that Jack Bennett, a deranged employee who was a former patient in the clinic, is missing along with a snowmobile. Malloy convinces Jenny to lock her room. After Doc is killed by a man wielding an axe, everyone but Malloy and Jenny think Jack is the killer. Malloy opens the safe and hands the surviving cops their sidearms. Hendricks finds a body in a frozen lake, and learns from the owner of a nearby fishing shop that the victim was a cop. Hendricks and the owner of the shop return to the clinic. Hank, along with the clinic\'s cook Manny and helper Gilbert, volunteer to drive through the blizzard in a pickup truck to get outside help. Malloy wants Jenny to leave as well, but she refuses. While driving away, Hank sees something in front of him and veers away from it. The truck slides off the icy road, crashing into a tree at the bottom of a ravine. Malloy and Jenny hear the crash, and Malloy hands a gun to Jenny before investigating. Malloy finds Manny murdered after he survived the crash. Malloy also finds Jack\'s body, the object that caused Hank to crash the truck. Malloy is startled by Gilbert approaching behind him. Gilbert, alive but scared, flees while Malloy rushes back to the clinic. McKenzie, who is patrolling the old execution chamber, finds the machine activated. The killer electrocutes McKenzie, deactivating the building\'s power and heating system. Malloy forces everyone except Jenny to their cells as he realizes one of the cops is a killer impersonating a patient. Suspecting the man responsible is Mary\'s killer, Malloy exams Connor\'s body in the kitchen. Remembering the killer saying, "I see you, but you don\'t see me", Malloy looks inside Connor\'s eyelids and finds "I" on one eyelid and "CU" on the other. As Malloy and Jenny return to the cells, Hank, thinking Malloy might be the killer, knocks him out. He locks Malloy in Slater\'s cell and releases everyone else. Malloy finds a vent, but as he uses a matchbook to light the cell, Malloy learns it came from a Seattle restaurant, which reveals Slater as the killer as he is the only patient who smokes. Malloy escapes the cell and finds the missing badges above Slater\'s room, which he collects as trophies. After establishing his innocence, Malloy has Jones and Lopez conduct patrol while Jaworski stays with Jenny in the patient room. Malloy heads into tunnels beneath the facility. Hank, Noah and Slater go to the tunnels to retrieve logs for heating, unaware that Slater is the killer. Slater encounters them and convinces them to split up before killing each of them. As Malloy patrols the tunnels, Slater taunts him over a CB radio and lures Malloy to Noah\'s hung body where he finds the other radio. Slater is about to leave the clinic, but hears Jenny calling out Malloy\'s name. Malloy learns that Slater is at the tunnel\'s trap door and rushes to save her. Outside the installation, Hendricks and the fishing shop owner find Gilbert alive and bring him inside the snowcat before arriving at the rehab center. Hendricks sees Jenny\'s foot tracks and follows them. Jenny runs to a nearby shed, hiding from Slater. Malloy arrives, telling Jenny to stay inside the shed. Slater catches Hendricks before Malloy catches him from behind. Slater jumps into the shed and knocks Jenny out and wounds Hendricks. Malloy and Slater confront each other, with Malloy ultimately killing Slater. Jenny regains consciousness and helps the wounded Hendricks walk to the clinic with Malloy, whose left arm was stabbed during the fight, following them. Malloy stops for the moment and puts the ring where he was planning to propose Mary with on the tree breach before walking away from it.'] ["Dutch mystery writer Cornelius Leyden  is visiting Istanbul. A fan of his, Colonel Haki  of the Turkish police , believes he would be interested in the history of one Dimitrios Makropoulos , whose body was just washed up on the beach. Leyden is so fascinated by what Haki tells of the dead arch-criminal that he becomes determined to learn more. He seeks out Dimitrios's associates all over Europe, none of whom have a kind word for the deceased. They reveal more of the man's sordid life. His ex-lover, Irana Preveza , tells of his failed assassination attempt. Afterwards, he borrowed money from her and never returned. On his travels, Leyden meets Mr. Peters . Later, he catches Peters ransacking his hotel room. Peters reveals that he too had dealings with Dimitrios , and he is not convinced that the man is really dead. If he is indeed alive, Peters plans to blackmail him for keeping his secret. He generously offers Leyden a share, but the Dutchman is only interested in learning the truth. Nonetheless, the two men get along well together. Wladislaw Grodek  is the next link in the trail. He had hired Dimitrios to obtain some state secrets. Dimitrios manipulated Karel Bulic , a meek, minor Yugoslav government official, into gambling and losing a huge sum, so he could be pressured into stealing charts of some minefields. Bulic later confessed to the authorities and committed suicide. Meanwhile, Dimitrios double crossed Grodek, selling the charts to the Italian government himself. Eventually, the two men track Dimitrios down in Paris. Fearful of being exposed to the authorities, he pays Peters one million francs for his silence, but true to his nature, goes to Peters' home shortly thereafter and shoots him. Leyden, his rage over Peters being shot overcoming his fear, grapples with Dimitrios, allowing the wounded Peters to grab the gun. Peters sends Leyden away to spare him from witnessing the violence to come; then shots are heard. When the police show up, Peters admits to shooting Dimitrios and does not resist arrest, satisfied with what he has accomplished. As he is taken away, he asks that Leyden write a book about the affair, and to kindly send him a copy."] ['Leon is a photographer who heads into the city\'s subway system at night to take photographs. He begins to investigate newsreels about midnight disappearances, which leads him to a butcher named Mahogany, whom he suspects has been killing subway passengers for over 100 years. He goes to the subway at midnight, where he witnesses the butcher killing passengers and hanging them on meat hooks. He passes out after being attacked by the butcher, who then strings him up as well. He awakens the next morning in an abandoned subway platform with strange markings carved into his chest. Maya, Leon\'s girlfriend, and her friend Jurgis, examine the photos Leon has been taking of Mahogany, leading them to the killer\'s apartment. Jurgis is kidnapped and Maya goes to the police, but they will not listen to her. A police official, who seems to be involved with the conspiracy, directs Maya to a trip on the midnight train. Leon decides to put an end to the butcher\'s crimes and heads to the meat packing plant Mahogany works in. Leon attacks Mahogany and they enter an underground cavern filled with decomposing bodies. The true purpose of the underground station is revealed: reptile-people enter the car and consume the bodies of the butcher\'s victims. As they exit the train, Leon and Maya discover they are in a station littered with the bones of hundreds of victims. Leon engages in a final battle with Mahogany, ending with Leon driving a sharpened bone through his throat and impaling his skull with a butcher knife. The train engineer explains to Leon that the reptile-people have always existed and the butcher\'s job is to feed them every night to keep "the worlds separate". The engineer then rips out Leon\'s tongue and eats it; he forces Leon to watch as he kills Maya on an altar of corpses and rips out her still-beating heart. When he is done, he tells Leon that he will become the new meat train butcher, replacing Mahogany. In the final scene, the police official that was involved hands the train schedule to the new butcher. The killer walks onto the midnight train and turns to reveal that he is the now-mute Leon.'] ["Hélène Régnier's  mentally ill husband Charles  injures their son Michel in a violent rage. Charles is then forced to move back in with his wealthy and manipulative parents, who use Hélène as a scapegoat for their son's mental state and decide to take over custody of Michel by any means necessary. While the boy is recovering in a local hospital, Hélène moves to a boarding house nearby. The Régniers hire Paul Thomas , an impoverished family acquaintance, to find out something about Hélène which would help them in their custody battle. Paul moves into the boarding house and, with the help of his girlfriend Sonia , plots to ruin Hélène's reputation and then possibly kill her."] ['After being blinded in a horseback-riding accident, Sarah  visits her uncle\'s home. Out on a date with her boyfriend Steve , she escapes the fate of her relatives , who are murdered at their home by a psychotic killer. Sarah returns from her date and spends the night in the house, unaware that three of her family members\' corpses are strewn about the house. She eventually discovers the bodies, as well as a bracelet containing the engraved name of the killer. The killer returns, searching for the lost bracelet and discovers Sarah, who manages to flee on horseback. Sarah encounters a family of gypsies and shows them the bracelet with the name "Jacko" inscribed. One of the gypsies concludes that his brother Jack must be responsible. In an effort to save Jack, the brother pretends to take Sarah to the police but, instead, locks her in a secluded shed. Sarah eventually escapes from the shed and reunites with Steve. Steve and his grooms leave Sarah at his house and begin a search for the killer. They come across the two gypsy brothers and are about to kill them, when Jack reveals that he wears a bracelet with the name "Jack", and not "Jacko," inscribed. The boyfriend, upon learning that the real killer\'s name is "Jacko", doubles back to his house, where it is revealed that one of the grooms, Jacko , had been left behind to tend to Sarah. Back at the house, Jacko attempts to drown Sarah in a bathtub, but Steve returns just in time to rescue her.'] ["So Dark the Night is the story of a detective, Henri Cassin from Paris, who falls in love with an innkeeper's daughter Nanette while on a long overdue vacation. She is a country girl with a jealous boyfriend. Nonetheless, the detective becomes engaged to her. Then the girl vanishes the night of her engagement party and later shows up dead. Cassin believes that the obvious suspect is Leon, the old boyfriend, but soon he is also found killed."] ['{{plot}}  A large castle is being used by the US Government as an insane asylum for military personnel. Among the many patients there is a former astronaut, Billy Cutshaw, who aborted a moon launch and was dragged screaming from the capsule. Colonel Kane, a former member of a United States Marine Corps special unit, arrives at the castle to take over the treatment of the patients. He meets Colonel Fell, who helps Kane acclimate himself to the eccentricities of the patients. Kane pays special attention to Cutshaw, repeatedly asking him why he didn\'t want to go to the moon. Cutshaw refuses to answer, but instead gives him a St. Christopher medal. After meeting with several of the patients, Kane falls asleep in his office. He has a nightmare, and when recounting it he explains to Fell that they are another man\'s nightmares, a former patient\'s. The patient was a soldier who had told Kane he had severed a Vietnamese boy\'s head with a wire trap and the boy was still talking when the soldier found it. Fell asks who the man was, and Kane responds that it was his brother, who is a "murderer". Kane asks if Fell has heard of Vincent "Killer" Kane, a guerrilla soldier who was personally responsible for killing dozens of enemies. Kane says "Killer" Kane was the soldier who told him the story, but was now dead. Later, Cutshaw talks with another patient about Kane. Cutshaw suspects that Kane is actually crazy himself. He asserts that psychiatrists often go crazy and have the highest suicide rate of any profession. Cutshaw goes to talk with Kane again, and they debate God and the idea that there is a divine plan. Kane, who believes that the existence of a God is far more likely than humanity having emerged from "random chance", tries to argue that deeds of pure self-sacrifice are proof of human goodness, which can only be explained by divine purpose. Cutshaw demands that Kane recall one concrete example of pure self-sacrifice from his personal experience. Kane can not. Cutshaw convinces Kane to take him to a church service, and while there he interrupts the service with several outbursts. Looking at an altar boy, Kane momentarily sees a Vietnamese boy. After returning to the castle, Cutshaw thanks Kane and asks him to send him a sign as proof of an afterlife should Kane die first. Kane promises to try. A new patient is scheduled to arrive at the castle and Kane goes to meet him. Kane instantly recognizes the soldier, who calls him "Killer Kane." Kane then flashes back to Vietnam as the soldier stumbles upon Kane, who is kneeling on the ground and muttering that he cut a boy\'s head off with a wire, but the boy "kept on talking". Insisting that they need to leave, the soldier advances on Kane, whom he sees is holding a severed head in his hands. Kane screams and the flashback ends. Kane collapses, unconscious. Finding out what happened, Fell then explains to the staff that Kane really is Vincent "Killer" Kane, and had suffered a breakdown in Vietnam. When Fell, who is actually Kane\'s brother Hudson, was dispatched back to America, Kane received the dispatch by accident. Kane convinced himself that he wasn\'t "Killer" Kane, and was instead a healer - like his brother. Subconsciously hoping to heal people to make up for his "murders" Kane returned to the US as his brother. Realizing Kane\'s mental state, the Army psychiatric staff maintained the charade and sent him to Fell\'s hospital under the pretext of being its commanding officer. In reality, Fell has been the commanding officer all along. Kane awakens and remembers nothing of the incident. Cutshaw escapes the castle and visits a bar. A biker gang recognizes Cutshaw from news reports of the aborted moon launch and begins brutalizing him. A waitress contacts the hospital and Kane, who arrives at the bar to retrieve him. Kane humbles himself to the bikers in order to get Cutshaw out of there, but the bikers are disgusted by his "cowardly" behavior. The gang brutalize and tries to rape Cutshaw. Kane then snaps and kills most of the bikers with his bare hands. Kane and Cutshaw return to the castle, and the police arrive to arrest Kane for the murders at the bar. Cutshaw visits Kane, who has wrapped himself in a blanket. Dreamy and distant, Kane disjointedly mumbles to Cutshaw about God and proof of human goodness before passing out. As Cutshaw leaves, Kane\'s hand emerges from his blankets and drops a bloody knife. Outside Kane\'s room, Cutshaw notices a spot of blood on his shoe. Rushing back in, Cutshaw discovers that Kane has died, sacrificing his own life in an attempt to provide Cutshaw the concrete example of human goodness which he was unable to demonstrate earlier. Some time later, Cutshaw  has returned to uniform and visits the now-abandoned castle. He sits in Kane\'s office and reads a note written to him by Kane shortly before his death. Kane writes that he hopes his death will "shock" Cutshaw back into sanity, but at any rate, he now has his one example of self-sacrifice. Cutshaw returns to his car and discovers a Saint Christopher\'s medal has somehow appeared on the seat. He turns it over to confirm whether it was the one he gave to Kane and silently rejoices at what he sees.'] ["A playwright, Martine  suffers from paranoia and hallucations as she attempts to stage a new production. She is uncertain over whether she is deluded or if there is a plot against her. Tyrone  is an actor in Martine's new play.James Franco and Winona Ryder cast in 'The Stare' The Independent. 20 April 2011"] ['{{Plot}} Sara Matthews  is starting her freshman year of college. She meets Tracy , Stephen , her love interest, and Rebecca , her roommate. Initially, the girls begin to bond and Rebecca learns that Sara had an older sister, Emily, who died when Sara was 9. Sara has Emily\'s name tattooed on her body. She also has an ex-boyfriend, Jason , who keeps calling her to try to reconcile. As time goes on, Rebecca\'s obsession with Sara grows which causes her to become increasingly violent and that she tries to drive away anyone who could come between them. Rebecca attacks Tracy in the shower and threatens to kill her unless she stays away from Sara. Tracy moves to another dorm, fearful of Rebecca. An old friend of Sara named Irene, who is also a lesbian, invites her to move in with them, but when Sara tells that to Rebecca, she plans to insure that Sara will stay with her by taking Sara\'s pet kitten, Cuddles, and puts him in a dryer . Rebecca lies to Sara and tells her that the kitten ran away. When Sara\'s philandering fashion design professor  kisses her, Rebecca plans to get the professor out of the picture to impress Sara by seducing him while recording their dialogue on a tape recorder to make it look like he was sexaully abusing her. Later Rebecca lies once again to Sara by telling her she went looking for Cuddles but was raped and beaten bruatly by a street thug, when in reality, the wounds on Rebecca\'s body are self-inflicted. Sara feels bad for her and decides to spend the Thanksgiving with Rebecca. During her stay, Sara overhears a conversation between Rebecca and her father , hinting Rebecca has had trouble making friends in the past. Rebecca\'s mother  mentions that Rebecca is supposed to be taking medication. Later, Sara and Rebecca encounter Maria , an old friend of Rebecca whom Sara bares a striking resemblance to. She and Stephen later find a bottle of Zyprexa pills, which they find out  is used to treat schizophrenia and bipolar disorder. But the bottle is full, implying that Rebecca didn\'t take any pills. Sara, worried what would happen decides to move in with Irene. Irene  goes to a club where she sees Rebecca. They make out in the club\'s bathroom and Irene, not knowing that Rebecca is Sara\'s roommate, goes back to her place. The following morning, Sara goes to Irene\'s place but she\'s not there. Rebecca gets Sara\'s sister\'s name tattooed in the same place on her body as Sara, saying that Sara can now think of Rebecca as her sister. A shocked Sara realizes that Rebecca is obsessed with her and packs all her things, except her sister\'s necklace, which she can\'t find . Jason arrives at Sara\'s dorm and slips a note under her door, saying that he wants to see her. Rebecca reads the note, impersonates Sara with her sister\'s necklace and tattoo, and dyes her hair to look like Sara. She then goes to Jason\'s hotel room, and stabs him. Later, Sara gets a text from Irene, saying she needs her right away. Sara informs Stephen she will be at Irene\'s place. When she gets there, she finds Irene held hostage by Rebecca with a pistol. Rebecca reveals that she was responsible for what happened to Tracy, Cuddles, the professor, and Jason and that she did it all to win Sara\'s friendship. When Sara apologizes, Rebecca forgives her, but wants to kill Irene in order to finally have Sara all to herself. Stephen arrives just in time to help stop Rebecca from pulling the trigger on Irene. In the ongoing struggle, Stephen is knocked unconscious and Sara is left dangling out of the window. Although Rebecca pulls Sara back to safety, Sara reaches for the pistol to shoot Rebecca, knowing how homicidal she is and that she will continue to harm others close to her; however, the cartridge is empty. Enraged at this, Rebecca picks up Sara and attempts to squeeze her to death, but Sara stabs Rebecca in the back with a boxcutter whispering "You were never my friend." And kills her. Sara moves back into her dorm and moves the extra bed out of her room, proclaiming that she does not want a roommate for a while.'] ['A businessman is supposedly killed in an airline crash. His wife has her doubts and travels the world searching for him. It slowly unravels that he faked his own death and was an international smuggler.'] ['After her lover commits suicide, Julianne runs away from her life in the city and moves in the small ghost town of Jerome, Arizona. She purchases an abandoned brothel from the turn of the century, and sets to work turning it into a hotel—but in the process of restoring the past, she comes to know the ghosts of the brothel.http://brothelthemovie.com/story.htm The film was shown at the fourteenth Sedona Film Festival.'] ['{{plot}} The Hand begins with comic strip artist Jon Lansdale as he\'s finishing up a famous work of his called "Mandro", a Prince Valiant/Conan The Barbarian type of character.  Lansdale is married to a beautiful woman named Anne  and they have a child named Lizzie . Anne apparently is bored with their life in Vermont and insists that she and Lizzie move to New York City so that she and Lansdale can "spend time alone." It appears their marriage is on shaky ground. This is brought up during a car ride in which Lansdale is infuriated by her suggestions and they argue. While they are driving, Anne and Lansdale end up behind a slow-moving truck and an impatient driver behind them. In the heat of argument, Anne, who is driving, gets distracted and pulls out from behind the truck. Another truck comes up in the other lane. Anne attempts to get back behind the other truck but the impatient driver has pulled up too far. Lansdale waves his hand to the impatient driver to move back, and when she does not and Anne has to slam on the brakes, his hand is caught behind the truck, which also stops. The hand is severed completely in a bloody, violent scene. Anne attempts to find the severed hand but it is too late. Lansdale then starts a painful adjustment to not having his right hand, which so happened to be his drawing hand. Anne also adjusts to her guilt of being responsible for the accident and tries to get closer with Lansdale. In a separate instance, he attempts to find the hand himself but does find his signet ring that Anne gave him. They move to New York and Lansdale is approached by his friend and agent Karen Wagner  to co-produce his comic strip with another cartoonist. But when the test boards are discovered marked up, the deal is off and Karen fires Lansdale. Lansdale, however, is certain HE did not mark them up and questions his daughter about the incident. He also loses the signet ring once again. During his recovery, Lansdale discovers that Anne has started moving away from him like before the accident. He becomes jealous of Anne\'s yoga instructor and also seems to begin a slow descent into darkness when an encounter with a homeless man  leaves the man dead at the "hand" of his former appendage. It\'s not entirely clear whether or not this was a real event or something in his mind. Lansdale also starts having hallucinations about different objects coming to life as a hand, like a shower faucet. After his final meeting with Wagner, Lansdale comes forth with his intention to take an offer to teach at a small community college in California. He proceeds to go forward with his plans and meets Brian Ferguson , a rough and rowdy country-and-western psychology instructor, who helps indoctrinate him with the college and the small town locale. He discovers soon that perhaps this was a disastrous move on his part after his first couple of weeks teaching. Another thorn in his side is Anne\'s decision not to move Lizzie and herself out with him. Although unintentional, Lansdale begins a strange affair with one of his students, Stella Roche , when she decides to show up at his house and strip for him. He starts showing his dark descent with an unshaven face and wild, uncombed hair, akin to Jack Torrance in The Shining. Lansdale becomes obsessed with Stella, buying her lacy lingerie for Christmas and insisting on knowing her whereabouts at all times. Stella, feeling smothered and unknown to Lansdale, makes plans to go away for two weeks with Brian. Brian, who knows nothing of the affair between Stella and Lansdale, drunkenly blurts their plans to Lansdale in the local bar. Soon, the image of Stella being strangled under the Christmas tree by the severed hand, pops into Lansdale\'s head. The hand apparently cleans up the mess by the time Lansdale, along with Anne and Lizzie, who have arrived to celebrate Christmas, show up at the house. Not long after, Lansdale once again ends up at the bar with Brian. Confused that Brian should be off on his two week vacation with Stella, Lansdale discovers that Brian has not seen Stella since the night she came to Lansdale\'s house. Brian, even in his drunken state, uncovers the affair between Stella and Lansdale. He is killed by the hand in his car after threatening to call the police on Lansdale about Stella\'s disappearance. It is now that Lansdale believes he controls the hand and it responds to his impulses and desires. He attempts to murder Anne so that he can have Lizzie to himself. While he makes a strong effort by having the hand kill her while she is driving to the grocery store in a rainstorm, she remains unharmed and returns safely. Later that evening, Lansdale argues with Anne and he leaves her room. Soon, screams are coming from Anne. Lansdale enters her room and discovers the hand strangling her and it attempts to escape by going out the window. Lizzie discovers her father over her mother and assumes he is hurting her. He convinces her otherwise and tells her to call the police. He, then, goes after the hand with a butcher\'s knife. After a lengthy struggle, he stabs the hand, but the hand gets away and after attempting something with the car, the hand starts to strangle him until he passes out. Lansdale awakens with his own hand  around his throat while the police are skulking around. The sheriff, with Lizzie in tow, and his deputies attempt to ask Lansdale what happened. While he attempts to explain and he discovers that Anne is not dead, the officers notice a pungent smell permeating the area in the carport around the car, specifically from the trunk. Lansdale tries to prove that nothing is wrong by opening the trunk, only to find Stella and Brian\'s dead bodies inside. Lansdale looks and screams in horror. The scene fades out and then into a green-painted room of a mental hospital with tons of electronic scanning and testing equipment around. Lansdale is strapped down in a chair with electrodes coming out of his head. An elderly woman , apparently a doctor or scientist, with a white labcoat on, is circling Lansdale, attempting to make sense of his rage and why he did what he did. She tries to make an effort with him by loosening the restraint on his mechanical hand and shakes it. She continually questions him about what he\'s feeling. He attempts to tell her that he sees the hand, which she insists is not real and that he did all the killing himself, coming closer to her neck. She laughs it off until the hand actually grabs her and strangles her, smashing her head against the concrete floor. Lansdale, completely taken over by the essence of the hand, looks at her and starts to laugh, loosens the restraint on the other hand and gets up.'] ["Patrick Quid  is a truck driver, assigned with delivering a shipment of meat across the Nullarbor Plain to Perth. He begins to notice the suspicious behavior of a green van, which he spots at various places along his journey. When he learns of a serial killer at large in the area, he begins to suspect the driver of the van. Quid picks up a hitchhiker, Pamela Rushworth , and the two discuss their theories on the killer. When they spot the van parked near the restrooms of a service station, Quid investigates. Spotting a pair of feet beneath the cubicle door, he assumes the killer is inside. Meanwhile, Pamela investigates the van, only to discover the killer inside, who kidnaps her. The man in the restroom turns out to be an innocent traveller. Quid takes pursuit of the van, and notices that the driver and Pamela seem to have struck up a conversation. This leads Quid to believe the van driver was innocent all along, and that his speculations were false. His pursuit is soon stalled when he gets stuck behind a slow moving car. Later that night, Quid notices the van parked off the side of the road and pulls over to investigate. He hears people giggling in the bushes nearby and assumes that Pamela and the van driver are engaging in intercourse. When he breaks into the van to investigate an esky which he presumes contains body parts, and finds it actually contains food, he rests his suspicions. Quid arrives at the outskirts of Perth, and whilst reporting to the weigh station, spots the van watching his movements, whilst several police cars linger in the area. He follows the van through the streets of Perth, trailed by the police. Eventually the van reaches a dead end, and Quid's truck becomes stuck in the narrow alleys. The van driver approaches Quid's truck and smashes the headlights with a shovel, but the truck suddenly frees itself and collides with the van. The driver tries strangling Quid with a garotte but Quid manages to disarm him. The police swoop in when he begins to strangle the van driver with the same implement. Initially Quid is presumed to be the killer, but when Pamela is retrieved from the van, bound and gagged, she informs the police that the van driver is actually the killer . Later on, after the meat has been removed from Quid's trailer , a cleaning woman is seen to be busy scrubbing the floor when a head of a woman suddenly drops from the ceiling. The killer had stored body parts in Quid's trailer, hence his keen interest in observing Quid's movements."] ['After killing his mother and sister and ritualistically arranging their bodies as a sacrifice to Satan, Devil worshipper "Vassago"  invokes a Satanic verse in a room filled with candles and Satanic imagery. He then commits suicide by throwing himself onto an athame in order to damn his soul. Hatch Harrison  is on a drive with his family. Harrison gets into a car accident and is pronounced dead, only to be revived two hours later by specialist Dr. Jonas Nyebern . His wife Lindsay , and daughter Regina , were also involved in the car accident but escaped without serious injuries. After the accident and subsequent revival, Harrison begins to experience mysterious visions. These involve him seeing murders through the eyes of a killer. Harrison realizes that the murders are actually happening when the women he sees being murdered are announced as missing in news reports. The character Harrison sees committing the murders is later shown to be the same character who committed suicide in the opening sequence. The character, who is identified as Vassago, talks to Harrison\'s daughter at a night club, which Harrison sees in his visions. Harrison attempts to stop Vassago from murdering only to be told that he is experiencing mental problems by his family, his psychiatrist, and the police. Harrison visits a psychic  who confirms his beliefs and tells him that Vassago is also having visions in which he can see through Harrison\'s eyes. It is then revealed that Vassago, whose real name is Jeremy Nyebern, is the son of Dr. Nyebern and who had killed his mother and two sisters. After his suicide , he had also been revived from the dead by his father. Vassago then kidnaps Regina, taking her to an abandoned amusement park where he kills his father after being confronted by him. As Harrison and his wife find them, the souls of Vassago and Harrison collide in battle. Harrison, revealing himself to Vassago as "Uriel," Vassago\'s antithesis, is the victor, killing Vassago, saving Regina, and with his family safe, exits the park with his family.'] ["Laura Mars  is a glamorous fashion photographer who specializes in stylized violence. Amid controversy over whether her photographs glorify violence and are demeaning to women, Laura begins seeing, in first person through the eyes of the killer, real-time visions of the murders of her friends and colleagues. John Neville , the lieutenant in charge of the case, shows Laura unpublished police photographs of unsolved murders that very closely mirror Laura's fashion shoots. Laura's visions continue, including visions of the killer stalking her and continuing to murder those around her. In the interim, Laura and Neville inexplicably fall in love. The murders continue as Laura's various colleagues, acquaintances and past romantic interests come in and out of focus as potential suspects or victims, until a final confrontation between Laura and the killer occurs. At her apartment, Laura is affected by one last vision of the killer, who has now come for her. The killer attempts to break in through her front door, but Laura deadbolts it before he/she can gain entry. Upon hearing her distress, Neville  breaks through her balcony window. Neville then precedes to tell Laura they have caught the killer, a troubled colleague of hers named Tommy, and also begins detailing an elaborate explanation of Tommy's motivations and back story. Knowing Tommy well, Laura recognizes this as a lie and that Neville himself is, in fact, the killer. As Neville details more of his own story, it is implied that he may have multiple personalities. Because of this, and his love for her, he cannot bring himself to murder her and instead asks that she end his life. She shoots him dead, calling the police as we close in on her eyes-- the eyes of Laura Mars."] ["Richie Donovan  works as a professional thief for Groznyi , a wealthy businessman, in order to pay off his debt for being smuggled into America as a child. He pulls off a successful diamond heist, but it is botched when he gets involved in two separate car accidents. He is given one last chance to pay off his debt by going to Moscow to steal a priceless antique cross locked in the safe of a skyscraper penthouse. Richie and his Russian accomplices, brothers Peter  and Yuri , successfully recover the cross, but their elevator gets stuck on the uncompleted 13th floor. Believing that the police have stopped the elevator, the thieves take their fellow passengers as hostages for negotiating an escape. They agree to send one hostage down, but when the elevator doors open, the hostage is mysteriously beheaded. The remaining hostages quickly divide into two groups: A Christian group consisting of Sonya , Helena  and Katerina , who are later joined by Yuri, and another, consisting of the nerdy Dmitry , beautiful Anna  and incompetent security guard Boris ([[Geoff Bell . In the confusion, the Christian group seizes firearms and takes control, shooting Peter. Katerina is sent to stand guard over Richie and the remainder of the hostages, while Sonya takes Yuri to a chamber where he is to sacrificed by a wild man in armor named Alex . Yuri manages to escape, but is impaled by one of Alex's traps, complete with disco music and lighting. In his rage, Alex kills Katerina, allowing Richie and the hostages to escape. They discover Alex's lair, where he has been watching everyone using security cameras. A photo reveals that Alex is the twin brother of Sonya, and they both believe themselves to be descendants of Ivan the Terrible. The group splits when Richie and Anna decide to chase after Alex, while Boris and Dmitry prefer to rig the room with various traps they have constructed and wait for Alex to come to them. Richie and Anna manage to drive off Alex, though Richie is wounded and Anna loses part of her ear. Instead Alex confronts Boris and Dmitry, and starts chasing them through the building when their traps fail to deploy. Dmitry gets caught in his own snare, making him an easy target for Alex, while Sonya dupes Boris into deploying a malfunctioning trap, cutting his hand off. Boris manages to cauterize his arm, but is also injected with a serum that restricts facial movement. Alex drags Peter's body into his lair for a sacrifice. In doing so, he finds the cross and takes it for himself. Richie and Anna then unsuccessfully search Peter for the cross, only to discover that Peter miraculously survived the shooting. Alex is then attacked from three sides by Peter, Richie and an increasingly incoherent Boris. Though Alex easily kills Peter, Richie manages to impale him on his disco spikes, recovers the cross, then sets him on fire. As they are fleeing the building, Richie is strangled by Sonya, but Anna saves him by stabbing Sonya with her nail file. Security is alerted by Alex's body falling onto the floor below, allowing Richie and Anna to escape unencumbered. Outside, they are met by Groznyi, who pays Richie handsomely for his work. Richie is enraged, having discovered that Grozniy is the brother of Sonya and Alex, and tells him that he'll never work for him again, but Grozniy replies that Richie will be back. Richie and Anna then depart for Los Angeles. The working title for this film was 13."] ['Psychiatrist Dr. Miranda Grey  works at a mental hospital. While driving home Miranda has a car accident after trying to avoid a girl  on a road during a stormy night. She rushes to try to help the girl. The girl turns out to be a ghost, and possesses Miranda\'s body by burning her after she extends her hand to the girl. Miranda loses consciousness. Miranda next wakes up in the very hospital she works for, but as a patient treated by her co-worker, Dr. Pete Graham . Drugged and confused, she remembers nothing of what happened after the car accident. To her horror, she learns that her husband Douglas  was brutally murdered and that she is the primary suspect. While Miranda copes with her new life in the hospital, the ghost uses her body to carry out messages  which leads her former colleagues to believe Miranda is suicidal and is inflicting the wounds on herself. Meanwhile, Miranda bonds with fellow inmate  Chloe Sava . Several times in sessions, Chloe had claimed that she\'d been raped while in the hospital, but Miranda had always attributed these stories to mental illness. One night, the door to Miranda\'s room in the hospital is opened by the ghost that has been haunting her. When she passes Chloe\'s room in the hospital, she can hear the rape occurring and momentarily sees a man\'s chest pressed against the window. The man\'s chest bears a tattoo of an Anima Sola. Miranda realizes that Chloe was not making up these stories, and when she sees Chloe the next day, she apologizes, and the two embrace. Chloe warns Miranda her attacker said he was going to target Miranda next. Miranda begins regaining some of her memories bit by bit, and slowly comes to remember herself killing her husband. She realizes that the ghost had used her body to murder Douglas, thus making Miranda the patsy for his murder. This is why all of the physical evidence points to Miranda. Miranda escapes the hospital, having recognized the girl as a ghost. Seeking clues to the mystery of why she killed her husband, she goes to a farmhouse in Willow Creek, Rhode Island. In the cellar of the barn she discovers a room containing a blood-stained bed, what appears to be a box containing drugs, restraints, and video equipment. She watches the tape that is still in the camera and the viewer hears a woman screaming as if tortured or raped. In the final seconds of the video, Douglas walks into the shot, covers a woman\'s lifeless body on the bed with a sheet, and winks at the camera. At this point, police arrive, and one officer comes closer to Miranda and draws a gun on her while she is holding a knife to him. Miranda backs up to a stair case, and all of a sudden an injured, frantically screaming girl grabs hold of her from the adjoining crawlspace. The police release the girl, and Miranda is taken to jail. While she is in jail, Sheriff Ryan , who was Douglas\' closest friend, talks to Miranda, and quizzes her on how she knew all these things. He does not believe her claim that ghosts told her everything, and asks her what sort of person the accomplice would be. Miranda uses her experience as a psychiatrist to give a psychological profile, and as she does so realizes that Ryan fits the profile perfectly. He attacks Miranda and in the fight reveals his tattoo &mdash; an Anima Sola. Miranda kills the sheriff in an act of self-defense, with the help of the ghost. Miranda is next seen walking with Chloe on a city sidewalk discussing how each helped the other come to terms with their experiences. Miranda claims to be free of the ghost\'s influence and sends Chloe off in a taxi. Miranda then sees a young boy standing in the middle of the road who appears as though he is about to be struck by a fire truck. Miranda yells for the boy to move, but after the fire truck passes through the boy without harming him she realizes he was only a ghost. As Miranda walks away, a poster with the words "Have you seen Tim?" and a picture of the same boy is shown taped to a pole next to the street on which Miranda is walking.'] ['In southern California in 1984, 16-year-old high school student Todd Bowden  discovers that his elderly neighbor, Arthur Denker , is in reality Kurt Dussander&nbsp;— a former Obersturmbannführer in the SS who is now a fugitive war criminal hiding from justice. Bowden blackmails Dussander by threatening to turn him in to the police. However, the teenager is fascinated with Nazi atrocities perpetrated during World War II, and forces Dussander to share disturbing stories of what it was like working at Nazi extermination camps, and how it felt to participate in genocide. Bowden even purchases an SS uniform from a costume shop, and forces Dussander to wear it. When he spends more time with the old man, his grades suffer, he loses interest in his girlfriend, and he conceals his bad grades from his parents. In turn, the Nazi blackmails the young boy into studying to restore his grades, threatening to expose the boy\'s subterfuge and his dalliance with Nazism to his parents. Dussander even poses as Todd\'s grandfather and goes to an appointment with Bowden\'s school counselor Edward French . Talking about the war crimes affects both the old man and the young boy, and an intoxicated Dussander attempts to kill a cat in his gas oven but fails when it attacks him and escapes. Dussander also takes great pride in Bowden\'s unbelievable turnaround, going from near dropout to straight A\'s in a matter of weeks. One night, Dussander tries to kill a hobo who earlier had seen him in the uniform. When Dussander has a heart attack, he calls Bowden, who finishes the job, cleans up, and calls an ambulance for Dussander. At the hospital, Dussander is recognized by a death camp survivor sharing his room and he is arrested, prior to being extradited to Israel. Bowden graduates as his school\'s valedictorian and gives a speech about Icarus, saying, "All great achievements arose from dissatisfaction. It is the desire to do better, to dig deeper, that propels civilization to greatness." The scene is juxtaposed in a montage with Dussander\'s home being searched and the hobo\'s corpse being found in the basement. Bowden is briefly questioned about his relationship with Dussander, but he manages to convince the police that he knew nothing of the old man\'s true identity. At the hospital, Dussander hears a group of Neo-Nazis demonstrating outside the hospital; realizing his identity has been hopelessly compromised, he commits suicide by giving himself an air embolism. When French learns that the man who met him at school was not Bowden\'s grandfather but a war criminal, he confronts Bowden, who blackmails him into silence by threatening to accuse him of making inappropriate sexual advances towards him.'] ["Alain Getty  is a Home Automation Engineer who accepts a job in the south of France and moves there with his wife Bénédicte . After three months, his new boss  invites himself and his wife Alice  to dinner at Alain's house. They arrive late and create a scene with their marital problems and Alice is then despicably rude to Benedicte. Things go downhill from there, beginning with Alain's discovery of an unconscious rodent lodged in the S-bend of the kitchen sink. When Alain pulls the animal out of the S-bend, it seems lifeless, but revives later. Bénédicte takes it to a veterinarian, who identifies it with some surprise as a lemming, a Scandinavian animal that does not live in France in the wild. Alice, after an unsuccessful attempt at seducing Alain, turns up at his house in the day time and takes her own life. Alain and Bénédicte's idyllic home life begins to disintegrate."] ["Gabriel Noone , a popular gay New York City radio show host, is dealing with a separation from his partner, Jess . Noone is given a memoir written by teenager Pete Logand , who chronicles the many years of sexual abuse he suffered at the hands of his parents and their friends. Diagnosed with AIDS, the youth has been adopted by Donna Logand , the social worker who handled his case. Noone begins a telephone relationship with the boy and Donna. He and Pete become increasingly close and form a father-son relationship, much to the dismay of Jess, especially after he speaks to Donna and suspects she and the boy are the same person. Noone's personal secretary Anna adds fuel to the fire by discussing her research into people who fabricate stories for attention or love. Determined to prove the boy exists and his story is true, Noone decides to pay a surprise visit to him in his hometown in rural Wisconsin. Noone discovers the return address on Peter's correspondence is actually a mail drop. Soon after, while eating in a local diner, he overhears another patron and recognizes her voice as that of Donna. He's stunned to learn she's blind and uses a guide dog. Noone follows her home and Donna senses he has followed her. She invites him into her home and talks openly about Peter, who she says is currently in the hospital undergoing tests. She assures him he can visit the boy the following day, then suddenly becomes angry and tells him she will not allow him to meet her son. Increasingly suspicious, Noone contacts all the hospitals in Madison, the site of the nearest facilities, but none have the boy registered as a patient. Gabriel's paranoia about the boy's existence grows and, hoping to find proof of his existence, he breaks into Donna's home. A police officer arrests him for breaking and entering and then, mistakenly believing him to be one of the boy's abusers, attacks him with a stun baton before taking him to the station. Noone convinces the police he meant no harm and is released, only to find Donna waiting for him with the news that Pete has died and was staying in a Milwaukee hospital, not one in Madison. Distressed that Noone doesn't believe her, Donna collapses in the middle of a road and tries to hold him with her in the path of an oncoming truck. She then moves everything out of her home and disappears before the police can question her. Noone is now convinced that the boy is a figment of the deranged woman's imagination. In response to a phone call from Donna, Gabriel goes to a motel where she was staying, and finds Pete's stuffed rabbit and a videotape under a blanket. He plays the video of a child, who seems to be Pete, but who could have been anyone. The phone rings and the caller claims to be the boy, waiting for his mother at the airport. Gabriel asks some questions after finding out that his mother lied about his death, but the caller ends the conversation after Gabriel asks what happened in Donna's past and how she became blind. In the final moments of the conversation Pete's voice changes to sound more womanly, just as the conversation is cut off. Gabriel returns to Manhattan and uses his experience to create The Night Listener, a new radio story. In the final scene, Donna is searching for a new home in a coastal town, telling the realtor she needs it for herself and her sick child, who has just lost his leg but will be released the next day. She has drastically changed her appearance and no longer has a guide dog or dark glasses, revealing her blindness was also an act."] ["In 1946, Mr. Wilson  of the United Nations War Crimes Commission is hunting for Nazi fugitive Franz Kindler , a war criminal who has erased all evidence which might identify him. He has assumed a new identity, Charles Rankin, and has become a prep school teacher in a small town in the United States. He has married Mary Longstreet , daughter of Supreme Court Justice Adam Longstreet . Wilson releases Kindler's former associate Meinike , hoping the man will lead him to Kindler. Wilson follows Meinike to the town of Harper, Connecticut, but loses him before he meets with Kindler. When Kindler/Rankin and Meinike do meet, Meinike, who is repentant, begs Kindler to confess his crimes. Instead, Kindler strangles Meinike, who might expose him. Eventually, Wilson deduces that Rankin is Kindler, but not having witnessed the meeting with Meinike, he has no proof. Only Mrs. Rankin knows that Meinike came to meet her husband. To get her to admit this, Wilson must convince her that her husband is a criminal - before Rankin decides to eliminate the threat to him by killing her. Rankin's pose begins to unravel when Red, the family dog, discovers Meinike's body. To protect his secret, Rankin poisons Red. Meanwhile, Mrs. Rankin begins to suspect her husband, but is too blinded by love to accept the facts. She is torn between her desire to learn the truth about him, and the idea of helping him create his new life. Mr. Wilson shows her graphic footage of Nazi concentration camps, and explains how Kindler/Rankin developed the idea of genocide. But not until Mary discovers Rankin's plot to kill her does she finally break down. In a tense moment, she dares Rankin to kill her. Rankin tries to, but is prevented by Wilson and Mary's brother Noah. Pursued by them, he flees into a church belfry, and falls to his death."] ["The film opens with Gene Watson, a mild-mannered, widowed accountant arriving with his daughter Lynn at the Union Station in Los Angeles. As Watson makes a payphone call informing an unidentified person that his train was late, two mysterious strangers in suits, known only as Mr. Smith and Ms. Jones, survey the station from a catwalk, discussing a yet-to-be-elaborated scheme. Noticing Watson retaliate against a skater who was harassing his daughter, Smith and Jones set their sights on him and swiftly approach the pair. Showing a badge, the two strangers convince Watson that they are police officers and whisk both father and daughter into a van without justification. Once in the vehicle, Watson begins to notice things aren't right and gets nervous, but Smith subsequently pistol whips him in the leg to get his attention. Smith then informs Watson that they will kill his daughter by 1:30 p.m. unless he murders a woman depicted in a photograph. He soon learns that the woman is State Governor Eleanor Grant and realizes that killing her would be a suicide mission. Once at the Bonaventure Hotel, where a campaign stop is being held, Watson makes several attempts to warn people about his situation, but Smith consistently follows him around, taunts and viciously beats him whenever he doesn't make a move. Watson manages to find a young campaign assistant, Krista Brooks, who believes Watson's story and encourages him to report the matter to the governor's husband, Brendan Grant. Once in his suite, however, Brendan and a campaign lobbyist appear to disbelieve the story, and before anything more can be said, the psychopathic Smith shows up in the room and fatally shoots Krista, causing a tense scuffle between Watson and Smith. Watson awakens after unconsciousness and finds nearly everyone on the campaign, including the governor's staff and husband, are involved in the plot, with an unnamed right-wing lobbyist masterminding it all in revenge for the governor not carrying out her campaign promises to his interests. Watson eventually finds disabled war veteran named Huey who polishes people's shoes at the hotel. While at first he doesn't believe Watson's story, Smith talks to Watson about the plot, believing Huey to be completely deaf according to a sign. Huey reluctantly assists Watson to get to Governor Grant's suite and advise her of the conspiracy. Although skeptical at first of Watson's story, she later notices Brendan act suspiciously about Krista's whereabouts and realizes Watson was telling the truth. Being hastened by her husband to make the last speech, the governor greets supporters in a ballroom when Watson takes out the gun, points it at a projector room where Smith is watching him and shoots at the window. This unleashes a panic in the ballroom, causing a stampede and brief shootout between Watson and the security people. Thinking that his wife is dead, Brendan openly gloats about the plot's success, only to find out in horror that she had heard everything, confirming her suspicions about him. In the meantime, Huey stalls the armed Jones, who is in the van with Watson's daughter, Lynn, after she can't get a signal from Smith. He then annoys her with a squeegee man scheme to the point of a violent confrontation. Lynn quickly tries to get out of the van when Smith opens the door and begins to shoot at her. Right after she hides under the seat, Watson appears and shoots Smith. Ailing from his wounds, Smith congratulates Watson for becoming a killer just before he's finished off in a coup de grace. Before Jones can get a clear shot at the father and daughter, Huey beats her unconscious with his prosthetic leg and wing tip shoe. An alternate TV scene  shows the governor thanking Watson and Huey for saving her life, but the penultimate scene shows the lobbyist/conspiracy mastermind stepping on Watson's broken wristwatch and leaving the hotel in a car."] ['Dave Garver  is a KRML radio jockey who broadcasts nightly from his studio in Carmel-by-the-Sea, California, often incorporating poetry into his program. One night, he visits his favorite bar and, seemingly by coincidence, meets a woman named Evelyn Draper . Dave offers to drive Evelyn home and she accepts; once there, she reveals to him that their meeting was not coincidental; she deliberately sought him out after hearing him mention his favorite bar on his radio show. He guesses that she is a frequent caller who always requests the jazz standard "Misty"; Evelyn confirms this and then coerces a clearly uncomfortable Dave into having sex with her. From that point on, Evelyn prominently displays her borderline personality disorderFatal Attraction syndrome and begins showing up at Dave\'s house uninvited. She frequently alternates between being in love with him and hating him. Despite the short duration of their affair, she thinks that he loved her and feels abandoned and lonely. She throws jealous temper tantrums, attempts suicide in his home, and destroys his carefully constructed career move into management. After Dave rejects her one time too many, Evelyn lets herself into his home when he is out. His housekeeper walks in to find her maniacally vandalizing his possessions; Evelyn viciously attacks her with a knife and is subsequently committed to a psychiatric hospital. For a time, all appears well; Dave has successfully rekindled his relationship with his ex-girlfriend, Tobie Williams , and Evelyn is nowhere to be seen. One night, however, Evelyn calls Dave to tell him that she has been released and is moving to Hawaii; she quotes Edgar Allan Poe\'s "Annabel Lee" in reference to her obsessive affection for him. Later, while Dave is asleep, she unsuccessfully attacks him in his home with a butcher knife and then flees. Dave contacts the police, who begin to search for her. The next day, Dave warns Tobie to stay away from him until Evelyn is caught; she reluctantly agrees to stay at home with her new roommate, a girl named Annabel. That night, Tobie realizes that Annabel is Evelyn in disguise when she notices the scars from Evelyn\'s suicide attempt. Evelyn takes Tobie hostage and murders Sgt. McCallum , who had come to check on the two women. Meanwhile at the radio station, Dave makes the connection between Tobie\'s roommate Annabel and the quote from "Annabel Lee" that Evelyn had earlier recited. Evelyn calls and mockingly tells him that she and Tobie are waiting for him; he switches from a live show to a tape and rushes to confront her. Arriving at his house, he finds Tobie bound and gagged. Evelyn attacks him again with the butcher knife & he tries to steal the knife away from her. He eventually punches her in the face, knocking her out a window and down a cliff. Dave and Tobie look down at Evelyn\'s battered body as Dave\'s voice on the taped radio show dedicates "Misty" to Evelyn one final time.'] ["A former police detective in New Orleans and a recovering alcoholic, Dave Robicheaux is living a quiet life in the swamplands of Louisiana with his wife Annie. The couple's tranquility is shattered one day when a drug smuggler's plane crashes in a lake, right before their eyes. Robicheaux succeeds in rescuing a lone survivor, a Salvadoran girl, whom he and Annie quickly adopt and name Alafair. With the arrival of a DEA officer named Dautrieve and an inherent connection to Bubba Rocque, the leading drug kingpin in the area and Robicheaux's childhood friend from New Iberia, Dave becomes involved in solving the case and consequently finds himself and his family in danger. Robicheaux is assaulted by two thugs as a warning. With help from his former girl-friend Robin, an exotic dancer who still has feelings for him, he continues to investigate. His longtime acquaintance Bubba denies any involvement, but Dave warns him and Bubba's sultry wife Claudette that he is going to find out who is behind all this and do something about it. He tracks down one of the men who attacked him, Eddie Keats, and splits his head open with a pool cue in Keat's own bar. Killers come to the Robicheaux home late one night. Robicheaux is unable to prevent his wife Annie from being killed. He falls off the wagon and neglects the young girl they adopted. Robin comes to stay with them. Clearing his head, Robicheaux seeks vengeance against the three killers. He first goes after a large man called Toot, chasing him onto a streetcar and causing his death. Bubba and Claudette reassure a local mob boss named Giancano that they will not let this vendetta get out of hand, and Bubba gets into a fistfight with Robicheaux, falsely suspecting him of an affair with Claudette. Eddie Keats is found dead before Robicheaux can get to him. Going after the last and most dangerous of the killers, Victor Romero, he knows that someone else must be giving them orders. He finds Romero and kills him. Then, going to Bubba's home, Robicheaux discovers that it is Claudette who planned the hit. Bubba shoots her, and Robicheaux calls in the crime."] ['Laura and Steven Harding (Barbara Eden and [[Don Murray  move with their children to the town of Stepford, Connecticut where Steven had lived with his first wife who had died mysteriously. While Laura is occupied with passing the Bar Exam, Steven is disturbed by their children, athletic but unfocused David  and free-spirited, music loving Mary . Steven joins the Men\'s Association, which is still assimilating their wives into robots. This time, they have begun to turn their out of control teens into robots as well. Once they are assimilated, the children are obedient, homework loving, accomplished droids, but with little personality. The Hardings befriend the Gregsons, Laura with sloppy and high-spirited mom Sandy , and David dates their sly humored daughter Lois  with whom he shares a love of motorcycles. Laura is confused when the principal discourages her plans to establish a PTA, and Mary feels unnerved by her passive classmates as well as  the methods used to collect her image, hair, body information for her double. At the school\'s Parents\' Night, Laura becomes aware of the disconnect between her and Steven\'s parenting styles. She allows the children space while he has become obsessed with a perfect image. The night of a dance, David, Mary, and Lois become suspicious when Sandy seemingly has changed, having become obsessed with cleaning and bundt cakes. They make the best of the dance, playing rock music—over the local choice of big band music—but cause a riot as the children awkwardly dance . The kids are arrested, but released on Steven\'s and Mr. Gregson\'s vows to do something about the kids. Lois calls David, upset, asking him to help her as all the men in town have gathered at her house and are "coming for her". They escape on their motorcycles, but Lois crashes when a car tries to run them off the road. David goes to the hospital where Lois lies entirely wrapped in bandages. When he sneaks into her room, he sees one of her limbs is missing in an unnatural manner as well as her vacant eyes, and he runs in fear. The next day, Lois appears back to normal—but she is now a mindless cheerleader who dates a boy she previously had dismissed. David and Laura visit the Gregsons where she witnesses the change in Sandy as well. After an evening\'s "shopping trip" with dad, Laura finds Mary has also changed, discarding all her individuality. Laura digs open the grave of Steven\'s first wife, and finds an android in the coffin. Returning home, Laura learns Steven has taken David out for a "shopping trip" just before Mary\'s duplicate attacks Laura with a knife. Mary malfunctions in the scuffle and Laura escapes. Laura goes to the Men\'s Association to find David; while investigating a greenhouse, she discovers the true Mary strapped to a table. They are surrounded by Steven and the other Men\'s Club members as well as the bodies of the town\'s children who are going through a bizarre bio-organic process to make them into docile drones; they are replaced by their robot doubles during the procedure. Having escaped his father earlier, David bursts in on his motorcycle and causes a diversion, allowing Laura and Mary a reprieve. As the Hardings escape, damage to the machines causes an explosion which destroys the Men\'s Association, its members  and the half-processed children. Laura and the kids race out of town.'] ['Sean, a runner for a drug gang, has checked into room 303 at the seedy, rundown Heaven Hotel in Bangkok, to await arrival of a package of heroin. Another guest is Rosa, psychologist who is researching slum children, on the floor below . In the next room, 203, is Lita, a female assassin who is waiting to intercept the package Sean is waiting for. Tying them all together, is the 13-year-old bellboy, Wit, a streetwise, light-fingered kid.'] ['Timid accountant Jonathan McQuarry  is an auditor working out of New York. One night while working late in a boardroom he meets a charismatic lawyer, Wyatt Bose , who befriends him over a joint. After a long conversation, Jonathan takes the subway home where he has a brief encounter with a blond woman ([[Michelle Williams  while waiting on the train. Upon returning home he notices a pipe in his bedroom is leaking and leaving a stain. Jonathan contacts Wyatt the next day and they play tennis after work. They meet again for lunch the next day and upon leaving, Wyatt takes Jonathan\'s mobile phone instead of his own, forcing a trade. He mentions he will be in London on business for the next few weeks. When Jonathan realizes the phones have been switched he attempts to contact Wyatt but does not reach him. He is soon contacted by a woman  who asks if he is free that night. He informs her that he is and agrees to meet her. When she arrives, they proceed directly to a hotel room upstairs and have sex. In the morning, Jonathan realizes that Wyatt must be on some type of exclusive sex club list. When Wyatt calls the next day, he encourages Jonathan to stay on the list. Jonathon has an encounter with an older woman  who explains more of the list\'s rules: the initiator pays for the room, no names are exchanged, there is no rough play. Participants are always anonymous, although Jonathan later spots the older woman on the cover of Forbes. Over the next few weeks, he has anonymous encounters with several women. One night after initiating another encounter, Jonathan is surprised to find that his partner is the blond woman he met while waiting for the train. He tells her that they had met once before, and instead of having sex, they order room service and talk for hours. The woman does not say her name but Jonathan assumes her name to begin with an "S" because of an S-shaped pendant on her handbag. The next day Jonathan rejects other callers from the list but when "S" calls again they agree to meet for dinner in Chinatown. They then proceed to a hotel where she requests some ice. When Jonathan returns to the room she is gone and there is blood on the bedsheets. Someone knocks him out from behind, but when he wakes up again the bed has been made. He contacts the police and explains to the Detective  that "S" is missing but that he has little to no information about her. She doubts his story, thinking that he is delusional. Jonathan tries to trace Wyatt, but Wyatt\'s boss and landlady claim not to know him. Upon returning home Jonathan is surprised to find Wyatt waiting for him and demanding that he steal $20 million from an investment firm he will begin to audit in a few days. Jonathan agrees to do so, fearing for the safety of "S". The following night at work, Jonathan receives a call asking if he is free. The woman calling is named Tina , an investment banker who once introduced Wyatt to the exclusive sex club list. She reveals that Wyatt\'s real name is Jamie Getz, and that they met when he was attending a private corporate event as a guest of Rudolph Holloway, an investment banker with whom Getz played tennis. Jonathan finds out through research that Getz murdered Holloway, strangling him with tennis strings, and also served three years in prison for insurance fraud and arson. Jonathan is later notified by the detective that a blond woman matching his earlier description was discovered dead. When he comes in to identify her, he sees that it is actually the first woman who called him, and that she was also strangled by tennis strings. Jonathan goes on to complete a wire transfer to a bank in Spain in his name, but secretly adds Wyatt\'s name as co-signer. When he returns home he notices that a picture Wyatt had sent of "S" being held captive was taken in his apartment before the pipe started leaking. He realizes that she must have been a conspirator and wisely avoids his apartment which explodes when the superintendent enters to fix the pipe. Now in Madrid, Wyatt impersonates Jonathan and attempts to withdraw the funds from the bank, but he is denied access because of the co-signer. Jonathan approaches Wyatt outside the bank and agrees to help him withdraw the funds if Wyatt splits it with him. Swapping identities, Jonathan and Wyatt cash in the $20 million in two $10 million suitcases. . After the transaction is complete, Jonathan offers Wyatt half of his money if Wyatt tells him where "S" is. Wyatt pretends to agree and lures Jonathan to an uncrowded area where he draws a gun on Jonathan. Before he is able to shoot Jonathan, Wyatt is shot by "S" who leaves quickly. Jonathan pursues her, leaving a dying Wyatt and the money behind. He begs her to talk to him but she rather call it off, apologizing to him as she did not know Wyatt\'s intent to kill Jonathan. "S" gets into a cab and leaves as Jonathan watches her go. In Madrid, Jonathan again crosses path with "S" and they exchange smiles. The film comes to a close as Jonathan walks to her and she stands waiting for him.'] ['David Aames  was the wealthy owner of a large publishing firm in New York City after the death of his father. From a prison cell, David, in a prosthetic mask, tells his story to psychiatrist Dr. Curtis McCabe : enjoying the bachelor lifestyle, he is introduced to Sofia Serrano  by his best friend, Brian Shelby ([[Jason Lee , at a party. David and Sofia spend a night together talking, and fall in love. When David\'s former girlfriend, Julianna "Julie" Gianni , hears of Sofia, she attempts to kill herself and David in a car crash. While Julie dies, David remains alive, but his face is horribly disfigured, forcing him to wear a mask to hide the injuries. Unable to come to grips with the mask, he gets drunk on a night out at a bar with Sofia, and he is left to wallow in the street. David is awakened the next day by Sofia, who apologizes for not helping him, and brings him home. The two continue to see each other, and David has his face repaired. Despite the seemingly perfect life, David finds oddities, such as brief visions of his distorted face, and a man  at a bar that tells him he can change the world. One day, when he goes to Sofia\'s apartment, he finds Julie there instead; all of the previous mementos of Sofia now showing Julie\'s face. Angry and confused, David suffocates Julie, and is later arrested and placed in a mental institution. The court psychologist Curtis talks about the incident with David over several sessions. During one interview, David sees a nearby TV advertisement for "Life Extension", a company that specializes in cryonic suspension, finding the name familiar. Under Curtis\'s guard, David is taken to the Life Extension offices, where the salesclerk  explains they freeze people just after the point of death, until a cure for their ailment is available in the future - placing them in a lucid dream state. David becomes anxious and breaks free of Curtis, realizing he is in his own lucid dream that has gone wrong, and calls for tech support. David finds himself in the empty lobby of the offices, and the man whom he has seen earlier at the bar appears, claiming to be David\'s tech support. As they ride up in an elevator to the top of an impossibly tall building, the man explains that David has been in cryonic sleep for 150 years, after he killed himself with a drug overdose. Because of David\'s severe acrophobia, his anxiety increases as he rises, trapped in an elevator while learning that when he signed a contract with the cryogenics company preserving him, he opted to start the lucid dream shortly after his drunken night when Sofia left him, under the "vanilla sky" from a Monet painting. However, during his sleep, the dream went horribly wrong and attempted to incorporate elements from his subconscious, such as placing Julie in for Sofia and creating a father-figure like Curtis. As they arrive at the top of the building, the man offers David a choice: either to be reinserted into the corrected lucid dream, or to wake up by taking a literal leap of faith off the roof. David decides to wake up, and envisions Sofia and Brian to say his goodbyes. Conquering his final fear, David jumps off the building, his life flashing before his eyes, and whites out immediately before hitting the ground. A female voice commands him to "open your eyes" , and the film ends with David opening his eyes.'] ['In 1954, two U.S. Marshals, Edward "Teddy" Daniels and his new partner, Chuck Aule, travel to the Ashecliffe Hospital for the criminally insane on Shutter Island located in Boston Harbor, as part of an investigation on the disappearance of patient Rachel Solando, incarcerated for drowning her three children. Shortly after arrival, a storm prevents their return to the mainland for several days. Daniels finds the staff confrontational: the lead psychiatrist, Dr. John Cawley, refuses to hand over records of the hospital staff; Solando\'s doctor, Dr. Sheehan, had left on vacation after her disappearance, and they are barred from searching Ward C and told that the lighthouse on the island has already been searched. Daniels starts having migraine headaches, waking visions of his involvement in the Dachau massacre, and disturbing dreams of his wife, Dolores Chanal, who was killed in a fire set by arsonist Andrew Laeddis. In one dream, Chanal tells Daniels that Solando is still on the island, as is Laeddis. Daniels later explains to Aule that locating Laeddis was an ulterior motive for taking the case. As Daniels and Aule continue their investigation, they find that Solando has been found by the staff with no explanation. With neither the staff or patients helping, Daniels decides to break into Ward C, and eventually meets George Noyce, another patient. Noyce warns Daniels that Ashecliffe is performing questionable experiments on its patients, and sends the incurable to the lighthouse to be lobotomized. As Daniels leaves, Noyce asserts that everyone on the island, including Aule, is playing in a game designed for Daniels. Daniels regroups with Aule and they make their way to the lighthouse, but as they attempt to traverse the cliffs, they become separated. Daniels finds a woman hiding in a cave, claiming to be the real Rachel Solando . The woman asserts she was a former psychiatrist at Ashecliffe until she discovered the experiments with psychotropic medication in an attempt to develop mind control techniques. When she attempted to alert the authorities, she was committed as a patient. Leaving the woman, Daniels finds no sign of Aule, and returns to the hospital. Dr. Cawley claims that Daniels arrived alone, with no evidence of Aule ever being there. Determined but confused, Daniels returns to the lighthouse and breaks into it. At the top, he finds Dr. Cawley waiting for him. Cawley explains that "Daniels" is really Andrew Laeddis, incarcerated after killing his wife after she drowned their children. According to Dr. Cawley, the events of the past several days have been designed to break Laeddis\' conspiracy-laden insanity by allowing him to play out the role of Daniels, an anagram of his name. The hospital staff, including Dr. Sheehan posing as Aule, were part of the test, and the migraines that Laeddis suffered were withdrawal symptoms from his medication. The memory of killing his wife briefly returns to Laeddis, and he passes out. Laeddis awakes in the hospital, under watch of Dr. Cawley and Sheehan. When questioned, Laeddis can provide the details of how he killed his wife, stating that he is responsible for the death of his children by not getting help for his wife, which satisfies the doctors as a sign of progression; Dr. Cawley notes that they had achieved this state nine months before but Laeddis had quickly regressed. The doctor further warns that this will be Laeddis\' last chance. Some time later, Laeddis relaxes on the hospital grounds with Dr. Sheehan, and begins talking to him again as US Marshal "Daniels" and saying they need to expose the conspiracy of Ashecliffe to the world. Recognizing this as a sign of regression, Dr. Cawley orders Laeddis to the lighthouse to be lobotomized; as he is taken away, Laeddis asks Dr. Sheehan, "Which would be worse? To live as a monster, or die as a good man?", and then calmly leaves with the orderlies.'] ["Frank , a librarian in the United Kingdom, falls in love with a mysterious American dancer named Miranda . She suddenly disappears, and he tracks her down in London, finding out that she is actually a con artist. He leaves her, returning to Northern England. Miranda and her boss  are in business selling buildings that they don't own to unwitting customers. After making a big score, her boss leaves her, and the customer  seeks revenge against Miranda. Frank realizes that he should not have left her, and returns to London, saving her."] ['The film begins and ends with the protagonist, Jake Scully , playing the part of a vampire on the set of a low-budget horror film. After he ruins a take by being unable to rise from a coffin due to a claustrophobia-related seizure, a fire breaks out on the set and he is sent home by the director Rubin . Scully arrives home early and catches his girlfriend having sex with another man. Heartbroken, he goes to a bar and downs a few quick shots. The bartender, an acquaintance of Scully, lets him sleep on his cramped couch for a night or two. Later, at an acting workshop, he makes a new friend, Sam . An exercise at the workshop, in which Scully revisits a childhood claustrophobic trauma, reveals the incapacitating nature of his overwhelming fear of confined spaces. As Scully breaks down and begins to cry, Sam "rescues" him and they go to get a few drinks, where Sam learns of Scully\'s recent break-up and that, because the apartment belonged to the cheating ex-girlfriend, he is temporarily homeless. Sam offers him a house-sitting arrangement at an opulent Modernist bachelor pad nestled in the Hollywood Hills. He also points out a sexy female neighbor, Gloria Revelle , whose seemingly exhibitionistic antics can be viewed by telescope; she is a wealthy and beautiful woman who evidently performs a remarkable erotic dance at her window, nightly according to Sam, "just like clockwork." The next night, Scully becomes concerned when he spots an Indian with a disfigured face standing on a satellite television tower also observing Gloria\'s sexy routine. He later sees the Indian parked down the street from her gated driveway. Gloria leaves to go shopping, the Indian follows her, and Scully follows them both. Near the valet station in the mall\'s parking structure, Scully eavesdrops on her at a bank of pay telephones as she makes plans to meet someone and says that she\'ll wear something special. She buys a pair of panties at a chic boutique; Scully watches through the window as she changes into them, and sees the mysterious Indian also watching her from the opposite side of the shop. After a brief chase, Scully gets into an elevator with Gloria. As he works up the nerve to say something, a large group files into the elevator and squeezes him against the back wall. The Indian tries to get in on another floor, but the car is completely full, and, as the doors slide shut, he smiles wickedly at Scully\'s confined state and obvious discomfiture. Exiting the elevator at the valet, Gloria drops her used panties into a garbage can, where Scully clandestinely retrieves them and stuffs them into his pocket. Scully follows her to a beachside motel, and again overhears her on the phone as she is stood up by her lover. Determined to warn her about the Indian, he finally speaks to her as she\'s walking toward the water. The Indian runs by and snatches her purse, is chased by Scully into a tunnel and, after Scully freezes in a claustrophobic seizure, steals what is later discovered to be a card key to Gloria\'s house. In an ironic twist, Scully is "rescued" this time by Gloria, who helps him out of the tunnel. He is enamored, and she is emotionally vulnerable, so they briefly embrace, make out, and grope each other as the camera revolves in a continuous 360-degree arc, until Scully kisses her neck and Gloria comes to her senses, apologizes and pushes him away, adjusts her bra and blouse, and departs hastily. Back at the home he\'s using, Scully witnesses through the telescope as the young woman is brutally attacked and killed by the Indian, who pins her down and runs a jackhammer-sized electric drill through her body - the auguring bit repeatedly emerging from the ceiling of the room below in a torrent of blood - after she catches him removing items from a wall safe. That an apparent thief would have and use such an implement leads viewers to suspect that perhaps the murder was of a personal nature as opposed to merely a bungled burglary. While interviewing Scully at the scene, the detective assigned to the case deftly plucks Gloria\'s panties from Scully\'s pocket and accuses him of being a pervert and a sex offender, saying "You peep on her, you follow her, you fuck her, you keep her little panties as a memento, and then you take a seat on the fifty-yard line!" Scully learns from his agent that not only has he been fired from the vampire movie, but his agent also represents the replacement actor. He investigates the murder on his own, and pursues a porn queen, Holly Body , whose signature dance - "a routine that\'s a sure ten on the peter meter" according to her - he recognized on a 24-hour porn channel. He lands a role in an adult film after auditioning with the line "I like to watch," and then pretends to be a skilled porn director who wants to hire her. He takes credit for a mirror . They go back to the bachelor pad, where Scully confesses that he is not a porn producer and does not want to cast her in a film, but instead points out the Revelle house and asks her if she was the woman doing the erotic dance routines in the window. During a brief telephone call from Sam to Scully, Holly identifies Sam as the man who had hired her to perform specifically for the supposedly voyeuristic Scully. Convinced that he is a sick voyeur, she storms out and is picked up while hitchhiking by the Indian, who knocks her out with a tire iron and escapes by driving up an access road leading to a reservoir, which is quickly locked by two men who scurry away as Scully approaches. He scales the gate and sprints up the road, arriving at an open grave that the Indian has just finished digging adjacent to the Owens Aqueduct. It is not explained how the grave was dug so quickly. When Scully and the Indian get into a confrontation in the open grave, Scully grabs at the Indian\'s face, inadvertently tearing off part of a latex mask, and revealing that the Indian is actually Sam. He then overpowers Scully  and begins to bury him as he confesses his scheme, which was to set Scully up as a witness when Gloria is murdered by the "Indian," thereby giving Sam an alibi. Confident that Scully is incapacitated, Sam mocks and challenges him to overcome his claustrophobia by fighting back to save himself. The film then cuts to the set of the vampire movie, where Scully  again freezes during the coffin scene and ruins the take. This time, however, he convinces Rubin to let him try it again. Cutting back to the grave, we see Scully shout, rise, and grab Sam\'s shovel. Sam is then knocked into the aqueduct when his dog charges at Scully and misses. The film ends with Scully, back on the set and in his vampire costume, filming a shower sequence in which a body double of the vampire\'s next victim is being carefully inserted into the scene, while Holly watches with the film crew.'] ['On a late afternoon, two brilliant young aesthetes, Brandon Shaw  and Phillip Morgan , murder a former classmate, David Kentley , by strangulation in their apartment. They commit the crime as an intellectual exercise: they want to prove their superiority by committing the "perfect murder". After hiding the body in a large antique wooden chest, Brandon and Phillip host a dinner party at the apartment which has a panoramic view of Manhattan\'s skyline. The guests, unaware of what has happened, include the victim\'s father Mr. Kentley  and aunt Mrs. Atwater ; his mother is not able to attend. Also there is his fiancee, Janet Walker  and her former lover Kenneth Lawrence , who was once David\'s close friend.  In a subtle move, Brandon uses the chest containing the body as a buffet for the food, just before their maid, Mrs. Wilson  arrives to help with the party. "Now the fun begins", Brandon says when the first guests arrive. Brandon\'s and Phillip\'s idea for the murder was inspired years earlier by conversations with their erstwhile prep-school housemaster, publisher Rupert Cadell . While at school, Rupert had discussed with them, in an apparently approving way, the intellectual concepts of Nietzsche\'s Übermensch and the art of murder, a means of showing one\'s superiority over others. He too is among the guests at the party, since Brandon in particular feels that he would very likely approve of their "work of art". Brandon\'s subtle hints about David\'s absence lead to a discussion on the art of murder. He appears calm and in control, although when he first speaks to Rupert, he is nervously excited, stammering. Phillip, on the other hand, is visibly upset and morose. He does not conceal it well and starts to drink too much. When David\'s aunt, Mrs. Atwater, who fancies herself as a fortune-teller, tells him that his hands will bring him great fame, she is referring to his skill at the piano, but he appears to think that the "fame" will in fact be the notoriety gained from being caught. Much of the conversation, however, focuses on David and his strange absence, which worries the guests. A suspicious Rupert quizzes a fidgety Phillip about this and about some of the inconsistencies that have been raised in conversation. For example, Phillip had vehemently denied ever strangling a chicken at the Shaws’ farm, but Rupert has personally seen Phillip strangle several. Phillip later complains to Brandon about having had a "rotten evening", not because of David\'s murder, but over Rupert\'s questioning. Emotions run high. David\'s father and fiancée are disturbed, wondering why he has neither arrived nor phoned. Brandon even goes so far as to increase the tension by playing matchmaker between Janet and Kenneth. Mr. Kentley decides to leave when his wife calls, overwrought because she has not heard a word from David herself. He takes with him some books Brandon has given him, tied together with the very rope Brandon and Phillip used to strangle his son, Brandon\'s icing on the cake. While leaving, Rupert is handed the wrong hat, with a monogram "D.K."  inside it. Rupert returns to the apartment a short while after everyone else has departed, pretending that he has absentmindedly left his cigarette case behind. He \'plants\' the case, asks for a drink and then stays to theorize about the disappearance of David, encouraged by Brandon, who seems eager to have Rupert discover the crime. A tipsy Phillip is unable to take it any more, throwing a glass and saying: "Cat and mouse, cat and mouse. But which is the cat and which is the mouse?" Rupert lifts the lid of the chest and finds the body inside; his two former students have indeed killed David. He is horrified, but also deeply ashamed, realizing that they used his own rhetoric to rationalize murder. Rupert seizes Brandon\'s gun and fires several shots into the night in order to attract attention. The films segues to the end titles with the sound of approaching police sirens.'] ['Arthur Banks  is an Ivy League-educated hitman for Latin American drug cartels who picks up solitary women, uses them as cover for a hit, then kills them. His trademark is a bullet with a tungsten core. Over the years, he has become wary of the FBI\'s attempts to catch him, including by use of satellite and security cameras, which leads him to mostly stay in rural desert areas when not working. The FBI team is spearheaded by Agent George Scanlon , who lost five years of his career when Banks killed a witness he was guarding 15 years ago while leaving no evidence behind. In a desperation sting, Scanlon plants Agent Bennie Harper , portraying a drifter, in Banks\' path, and Banks picks her up for what he says will be his last job, a hit on the president of Mexico. Scanlon and Agent Donna Marbury , along with several support agents, follow Banks and Harper through the Southwest, but the scheme goes wrong when one of the tailing agents is spotted and caught by Banks. Thinking quickly, the agent pretends to be Harper\'s jealous and abusive ex-husband, but this plan goes awry when Banks, who seems more interested in Harper than normal, kills the agent out of Harper\'s sight and then disposes of the body in a manner not witnessed by Harper , leaving the FBI once again with no evidence to arrest him. That night, Banks and Harper become lovers at a remote motel. Scanlon decides to cancel the sting after the agent\'s death and to withdraw Harper, but Harper talks him out of it, pointing out that Banks is their only lead to his employers in the drug cartels. On the road, Banks confides to Harper that he hates his job but hasn\'t had a chance to get out of it for years until now. In Mexico, Harper double-crosses both Banks and the FBI, first shooting Banks to stop him from committing the assassination and handcuffing him to the balcony, but then killing the thugs who hired him and taking their key for the payoff from the hit. She tells Banks that she expects the FBI will be so happy to catch and question him that she\'ll depart with the payoff without much problem, which is why she leaves him alive. However, by the time Scanlon responds to her call on Banks\' location, he has escaped. Meanwhile, the FBI agents follow Agent Marbury\'s sighting of a fleeing Harper to the local airport, only to lose her there, because the "sighting" was actually Marbury herself in a disguise, which she sheds in a washroom, permitting Harper\'s undetected escape. In the last scene, Harper and Marbury meet in the desert and kiss, while discussing their new wealth. In the distant brush, we see Banks\' boots and bloody hand, unnoticed by the two women. After the screen goes black, we hear a single shot.'] ['After leaving work one evening, a 20-year-old art student named Amy Manning  finds out while driving home that the mysterious man in black who sneaks up on her repeatedly is in her backseat. Even though he has the opportunity to kill her, he tells her "Soon, Amy, soon" and then leaves. The police are no longer willing to help her, and although her stepmother Adele  tells her she believes her, she advises her to visit a psychiatrist, Dr. Letterman . To him she admits that her father drowned a year ago during a boating accident. She was supposed to attend him on his trip, but canceled, and has felt guilty ever since. One day, she finds a package in the post with a card that reads "Soon, Amy, soon". With Adele, she traces the origin of the package, leading to a florist  who claims that she made the order herself. Adele contacts James Lockwood  to discuss Amy\'s situation, but she overhears this and runs off to college in anger. There, the mysterious man shows up again and terrifies her, as she tries to escape, until lawyer student David Norland  appears. Returning to psychiatrist Letterman, Amy is told that her subconscious is making up the killer. She believes him, and decides to return to the place where her father died - a cabin in the woods - to face her guilt. Originally, Adele accompanies her, but a sudden meeting with James forces her to leave. During this meeting, James tells her that he heard from Letterman that Amy is suicidal. Considering that she will receive her father\'s estate when she turns 21 in three months, it would leave them penniless. Adele puts up on act as though she only cares about Amy\'s well-being, but it later turns out that she set everything up to drive Amy insane, with Letterman posing as the mysterious man. Letterman, meanwhile, has gone to the cabin, and after a struggle, he sedates Amy and puts her on a boat, pushing her into the river. Afterwards, he comforts Adele, who feels somewhat guilty due to her recent bonding with Amy. Shortly later, strange events start to occur to Adele in the mansion, such as locked doors that suddenly open, and a sculpture of Amy that disappears. She becomes convinced that someone is messing with her, but Letterman convinces her that she is imaginating it all. One night, she is determined that she is hearing Amy\'s cries, until she receives a phone call from James, informing her that Amy\'s body has been found. The following night, Adele is startled when Amy suddenly appears before her door. Around the same time, Letterman arrives, and Adele, thinking his attempts to enter her room are Amy\'s, shoots through the door, killing him. It turns out that Amy\'s death was a set-up from James, David and Amy to eventually scare her into the confession of killing Amy\'s father. Shortly after Adele\'s arrest, Amy is happy to celebrate her two months with David. In the final scene, David whispers "Soon, Amy, soon". At the end of the movie, Amy wakes up to find out that it was all just a dream...or was it?'] ['A businessman hires a hitman to murder his wife. After he accomplishes the deed, the killer blackmails the husband into finding young girls for the murderer to torture and kill. The man makes a deal with a motorcycle gang to kidnap two young girls for that purpose.http://imdb.com/title/tt0068440/plotsummary'] ["In Anguish's complex and intertwined plot, viewers watch an audience watching a movie nested inside Anguish called The Mommy, in which much of the story takes place in yet another theater auditorium, where that audience watches yet another movie (the silent classic, [[The Lost World . Anguish's main story concerns Alice Pressman , a grasping, overprotective and psychotic woman, and her crazed son, John , a serial killer who Alice controls through hypnosis and some never quite explicated paranormal domination. Her son is extremely myopic and progressing toward blindness. Alice believes that collecting eyes will mend her son's vision, and believes her own fantasy that he is a well-respected ophthalmologist . She sends him to collect eyes from living victims, which he does at a local theater showing The Lost World. When the camera pulls back, a second story is revealed. Alice and Michael are the stars of The Mommy being watched by two teenage girls in a movie theater. In that theater, there is a man watching The Mommy with crazed intent. Although the main focus of Anguish is the story of The Mommy, all the stories eventually intersect to gruesome effect. On videos of the film, there appeared a warning that watching it could be hypnotic, or cause headaches."] ["After attending her grandmother's funeral in Dallas, Texas, Lisa Reisert  takes a red-eye flight to Miami, Florida. While in the check-in line she meets Jackson Rippner . When boarding, Lisa discovers that Jackson is on the same flight and seated beside her. After take off, Rippner reveals that he is a terrorist operative working for a group who intends to assassinate the United States Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security Charles Keefe  and his family. Lisa is instrumental in their plans because of her job as Acting Manager at the Lux Atlantic Hotel where the Keefe family is staying. The assassination plan is to use a portable missile launcher from a boat in a nearby harbor and fire it at the hotel. In order for this to work, Rippner must force Lisa to make a phone call from the in-flight phone and order the hotel staff to change his reservation to a suite facing the harbor. If she refuses to cooperate, he will deploy a hitman to kill her father, Joe ([[Brian Cox , at his home in Miami. Lisa attempts to find a way to keep both her father and Keefe safe. When she first places a call to the hotel, answered by her friend, Cynthia , the line goes dead midway through the conversation, and Lisa tries to fool Rippner into thinking she is still ordering the room change. She then makes two unsuccessful tries to alert the other passengers to the danger. When the phone line comes back on, Lisa makes the phone call, and the hotel staff move the politician to the targeted suite. After the call, she asks Rippner to call off the man outside her father's house, but refuses until he has confirmation of the assassination. As the plane lands, Lisa incapacitates Rippner, takes his phone and flees the plane and terminal, narrowly escaping both Rippner and airport security. Once outside, she steals a nearby SUV. She once again calls the hotel, alerting Cynthia of the danger. Cynthia pulls the fire alarm to evacuate the building and rushes to warn Keefe and his family, who are in the targeted suite. Cynthia, the Keefes and U.S. Secret Service agents manage to escape the room seconds before a Javelin missile hits. Lisa, still driving, tries to call her father, but the cell phone's battery dies. She rushes to her father's house, arriving to find the hitman outside his door, and runs him down. Lisa finds her father inside, and he tells her that he has called the police. While Lisa phones the hotel to check in, Rippner arrives and knocks out her father. He chases her through the house with a knife and throws her down a flight of stairs. Lisa retrieves the dead hitman's gun from the floor and threatens Rippner with it. He attempts to escape, but Lisa shoots him before he can. He disarms and attacks her when, finally, Lisa's father shoots Rippner, incapacitating him as the police finally arrive. Later at the hotel, Keefe and the Secret Service thank Lisa and Cynthia for saving him and his family from the assassination."] ["Marion Post  is a New York philosophy professor past the age of 50, married to Ken , a doctor, and on a leave of absence to write a new book. Due to construction work in their building, she sublets a furnished flat downtown to have peace and quiet. Her work there is interrupted by voices from a neighboring office in the building where a therapist conducts his analysis. She quickly realizes that she is privy to the despairing sessions of another woman  who is disturbed by a growing feeling that her life is false and empty. Her words strike a chord in Marion, who begins to question herself in the same way. She learns from her sister-in-law that her brother may idolize her, but he also hates her. She comes to realise that, like her father , she has been unfair, unkind and judgmental to many of the people closest to her: her brother Paul  and his fragile wife Lynn , her best friend from high school Claire , her first husband Sam , and her stepdaughter Laura . She also realises that her current marriage to Ken is unfulfilling and that she missed her one chance at love with his best friend Larry . She finally manages to meet the woman in therapy as she contemplates a Klimt painting called 'Hope' and, although she wants to know more about her, she ends up talking more about herself, realizing that she made a mistake by having an abortion years ago and that at her age there are many things in life she will not have anymore. By the end of the film, Marion resolves to change her life for the better."] ["Young Scott Doherty  gets suspicious when his mother  plans to wed Oliver Vance  soon after her husband's untimely death. Scott investigates with Oliver's pretty daughter, Kelly , who shared Scott's doubts about the upcoming nuptials. Along the way, he falls in love with Kelly, but a fatal explosion turns Scott's life upside down - and the evidence points to him as the murderer. Has he been framed?"] ['Mark Lewis  meets a prostitute, covertly filming her with a camera hidden under his coat. Shown from the point-of-view of the camera viewfinder, tension builds as he follows the woman into her house, murders her and later watches the film in his den as the credits roll on the screen. Lewis is a member of a film crew who aspires to become a filmmaker himself. He works part-time photographing soft-porn pin-up pictures of women, sold under the counter. He is a shy, reclusive young man who hardly ever socializes outside of his workplace. He lives in his  father\'s house, leasing part of it and acting as the landlord, while posing as a tenant himself. Mark is fascinated by the boisterous family living downstairs, and especially by Helen , a sweet-natured young woman who befriends him out of pity. Mark reveals to Helen through home movies taken by his father  that, as a child, he was used as a guinea pig for his father\'s psychological experiments in fear and the nervous system. Mark\'s father would study his son\'s reaction to various stimuli, such as lizards he put on his bed and would film the boy in all sorts of situations, even going as far as recording his son\'s reactions as he sat with his mother on her deathbed. He kept his son under constant watch and even wired all the rooms so that he could spy on him. The father\'s studies made his reputation as a psychologist. Mark arranges with Vivian , a stand-in at the studio, to make a film after the set is closed; he then kills her and stuffs her into a prop trunk. The body is discovered later by the horrified film crew. The police link the two murders and notice that each victim died with a look of utter terror on her face. They interview everyone on the set and become suspicious of Mark, who has his camera always running, always recording and who claims that he is making a documentary. A psychiatrist, called to the set to console the upset star of the movie, chats with Mark and tells him that he is familiar with his father\'s work. The psychiatrist relates the details of the conversation to the police, noting that Mark has "his father\'s eyes". Mark is tailed by the police who follow him to the building where he takes photographs of the pin-up model Milly . Two versions of this scene were shot. The more risqué version is credited as being the first female nude scene in a major British feature Nudist Paradise  was released before Peeping Tom  and that had fully naked women in it . Mark kills Milly and then returns home. Helen, who is curious about Mark\'s films, finally runs one of them. She becomes visibly upset and frightened when he catches her. Mark reveals that he makes the movies so that he can capture the fear of his victims. He has mounted a round mirror atop his camera, so that he can capture the reactions of his victims as they see their impending deaths. The police arrive and Mark realizes he is cornered. As he had planned from the very beginning, he impales himself with a knife attached to one of the camera\'s tripod legs, killing himself the same way he dispatched his victims, and with the camera running, providing the finale for his documentary.'] ["Eve, a young medical student is charged with uncovering the murder of a mental patient's mother. The patient, Don holds many secrets and disturbs Eve with his insane ramblings. As Eve continues to investigate the murder, she believes Don's paranoia is out of control at the mention of a menacing figure named Malachi. She begins to question whether Malachi exists when she is stalked by a mysterious figure or if her imagination and Don's craziness are affecting her judgement. Breaking Dawn Retrieved on 23 December 2011"] ['Photographer Jordan Wells  is the son of a very wealthy family which have high expectations for him to take over his father\'s company. Instead, he has an infatuation with the natural beauty of a woman\'s naked body and engages in it by taking photos of nude models but excluding their faces for the sake of privacy, with their names known as the name of their favorite shade of lipstick. Unfortunately, the dean of his prep school finds out about his hobby and expels him. He is then transferred to a local public high school, where he then meets Shay Bettencourt,  a cello player aspiring to go to Hartley to become a cello player in a professional orchestra. When they first meet at the school library, they get into a heated intellectual argument about woman\'s rights concerning a book. Shay\'s friends are uninterested and urge her to leave, but she becomes attracted to Jordan. She mentions she knows about his past and his reasons for transferring schools and his photography hobby. They become friends and he offers to give her a ride home but when he returns to the house to visit Shay, he finds out that she does not live there at all. Jordan confronts Shay who admits to being ashamed of her low-income household which she shares with her drug addicted sister. Shay confides in Jordan that she has found a source of money for tuition at Hartley: an older married man named Wade Chandling  who frequents the country club Jordan\'s family attends. She says that he is going to get her a full scholarship by using some of his connections. Shay asks Jordan to photograph her and Wade in case he ever tries to back out of their deal. In exchange, Shay will allow Jordan to photograph her in any way he wants. Shay and Jordan form a sort of romantic relationship which is cut short when Shay finds out Wade is trying to back out their arrangement. Frustrated, Shay meets Wade in the woods and tries to blackmail him with the pictures Jordan took. However, Wade becomes angry and tries to attack Shay. Jordan tries to save Shay, but they both end up beating Wade to death. They then throw him into a nearby lake, attempt to cover up as much evidence as they can, and find ways to avoid implicating themselves when interviewed by detectives. Eventually, Detective Griffin  figures out Shay\'s connection to Wade\'s death, and tries to set up an exchange with evidence on Jordan for the money Shay stole from the dead Wade. He tries to arrest Jordan during the exchange, but Shay shoots Griffin instead. When Jordan is questioned by the police, Desiree , another romantic interest of Jordan, saves him by giving him an alibi. Shay tries to take the money and run away to where she\'d never be found. She tries to convince Jordan to go along with her plan, but he refuses but allows Shay to have some of the money to get away. The film ends with Jordan driving away, narrating, "with a million dollars to decide what to do next."'] ['TV newswoman Lee Carter  is one of many witnesses to the public assassination of presidential candidate Senator Charles Carroll ([[William Joyce  atop the Seattle Space Needle. A waiter armed with a revolver is chased but falls to his death. Meanwhile, a second waiter, also armed with a gun, leaves the crime scene unnoticed. A special committee decides that the assassination was the work of a lone gunman. Three years later, Carter visits her former boyfriend and colleague, newspaper reporter Joe Frady , in Portland, Oregon. Lee tells Frady that she feels there is more to the killing - that six of the witnesses to Carroll\'s assassination have died and she fears she will be next. Frady does not take her seriously. Not long afterwards, Lee is found dead and her death is judged by the police to be either a voluntary or accidental drug overdose. Investigating Carter\'s leads, Frady goes to the small town of Salmontail whose sheriff, L.D. Wicker , attempts to trap him below a dam after an alarm has sounded indicating that the floodgates are opening. Frady narrowly escapes but the sheriff drowns. Frady finds information on the Parallax Corporation in the sheriff\'s apartment and learns that its real business is recruiting political assassins. While interviewing Carroll\'s former aide, Austin Tucker , aboard Tucker\'s boat, a bomb explodes. Frady survives but is believed dead, and decides to apply to Parallax under an assumed identity. Jack Younger , a Parallax official, assures Frady that he is the kind of man they are interested in. Frady is accepted for training in Los Angeles where he watches a slide show that conflates positive images with negative actions. Frady later spies a Parallax man he recalls from a picture Austin Tucker showed him of a waiter taken the day Senator Carroll was murdered. He follows the man and watches him take out a bag from another car\'s trunk, then drive to an airport and check it as baggage on a plane. Frady boards the plane himself. He notices a Senator aboard, but not the Parallax man. Frady writes a warning on a napkin which he slips into the drink service cart. The warning is found and the plane returns to Los Angeles. Everybody is evacuated – just before a bomb explodes. Frady\'s generally skeptical editor Bill Rintels  listens to a secretly recorded tape of a conversation Frady had with Jack Younger. A disguised Parallax operative delivers coffee and food to Rintels\' news office. The editor is poisoned and the tape is removed. Continuing his investigation, Frady follows the Parallax assassins to the dress rehearsal for a political rally for Senator George Hammond ([[Jim Davis . Frady hides in the auditorium\'s rafters to secretly observe the Parallax men, posing as security personnel, also in the rafters. Too late, Frady realizes he has been set up as a "patsy" or "fall guy", as Hammond is shot dead by an unseen gunman. As Frady is trying to escape, he is sighted in the rafters by the marching band\'s tuba player, and a Parallax agent kills Frady with a shotgun. The same committee which determined a lone gunman killed Senator Carroll now reports that Frady, acting alone, killed Senator Hammond. The committee further express the hope that the verdict will end political assassination conspiracy theories. They do not take questions from the press.'] ['A teacher  and her students at a small rural school in Australia are kidnapped and held for ransom by a band of violent shotgun-wielding masked thugs. She and the children fight for their lives and try to escape from their captors.'] ['Don McKay  is a lonely high school janitor who one day receives a letter from his high school sweetheart, Sonny . In it, she asks him to come visit her back in their home town, because she is dying of an unnamed disease. At first he is reluctant because he had been a suspect in a murder case there years before, but Don decides to go. He arrives and gets a ride to Sonny\'s house by an eccentric cab driver named Samuel . Don meets Sonny, as well as her strange caregiver Marie . Marie\'s coldness towards Don makes it clear that she doesn\'t approve of his presence. Don spends the night, and he and Sonny make love. The next morning, Sonny\'s Doctor, Lance Pryce  visits. While Marie and Sonny are out, Pryce attacks Don, and after a struggle, Don kills the man, and hides the body in a bed of leaves behind the garden. However, Don had just suffered an allergic reaction to a bee sting, and blacks out shortly after hiding the body. He awakens in the hospital, where Sonny proposes marriage and claims that she had recently spoken to Pryce. Don goes to see his old friend Otis , and tells him what happened. Otis agrees to help Don get rid of the body that night, but when he arrives it has vanished. Sonny rushes out, thinking the men are burglars, and Otis runs off. After an argument, Don returns home for a few days, eventually getting another letter from Sonny asking him to come back to her. He does. Samuel picks Don up again, but they are intercepted and kidnapped by a man named Mel . Mel takes Don to a hotel room, where it\'s revealed that both Mel and Marie were planning all along to kill Don and take an inheritance Don would receive upon Don\'s marriage. Don tries to reason with the two stating that there is no inheritance, and that he has no idea what they are talking about. Marie refuses to believe him and tells him to go along with the plan, or they will go to the police about the death of Pryce. With Samuel in Mel\'s trunk, the four drive back to Sonny\'s house, and demand that Don go in wearing a wire, threatening to go to the police if he doesn\'t cooperate with their plan. Upon arriving at the house, Don hastily proposes to Sonny, stating that he was confused before, but realizes now that he loves her. Sonny quickly peels away Don\'s story, realizes he is wearing a recording device, and calls his bluff. The doorbell rings; It\'s Marie and Mel, who enter the house. After a long confrontation, Sonny hits Marie over the head with a frozen ham, and kills her. Sonny then grabs the phone and calls 911 for help, stating that a man pretending to be a private detective just killed someone in her house. She tells Don to kill Mel, and Don refuses. She grabs an ax and again asks him to kill Mel, but he refuses. Sonny then asks Mel to kill Don, and a struggle over the ax ensues between the men. Sonny kills Mel with the same frozen ham she killed Marie with, and tries to concoct a story to cover all of it. She tells Don that she\'d been planning all along to take a large inheritance from Pryce, not Don, that he had received from a relative. It\'s also revealed that Pryce was her husband, and that the two were going to kill him together, but Pryce jumped the gun on the scam. Don then tells her that he knows that she wasn\'t actually Sonny, as he had killed his girlfriend in an accident before leaving town years ago, but gotten away with it. The police arrive and Sonny lets them into the house. They find the bodies of Marie and Mel, and immediately arrest Don. Sonny is taken away in a police car, and the police start to take Don away. The sound of screaming starts to erupt from Mel\'s trunk. The police find Samuel and question Don about Samuel\'s involvement. Don asks Samuel to explain his knowledge of the situation to the police. In the ensuing investigation, Samuel backs up Don\'s story, and it seems that he will be okay. The detective in charge asks him why he would go through all of it if he knew that it wasn\'t Sonny, and Don answers that he was "lonely". Don receives a ride to the bus station from Samuel, who tells him to contact him if he ever needs anything. Don takes Samuel\'s phone number and boards the bus back home. At home, Don is seen sitting in a chair, a wasp lands on his cheek and the movie ends, leaving Don\'s fate unknown.'] ['While playing the trumpet in a burning room, the protagonist\'s voice is heard in narration. His story begins with him posing as "Danny Parker", a speed freak addicted to methamphetamine, who hangs out with friends while indulging in drugs. He also moonlights as an informant for two corrupt cops, Gus Morgan  and Al Garcetti . He is trying to set up a large meth score with notorious drug dealer Pooh Bear , an eccentric psychopath who lost his nose to excessive snorting of "Gack" , while also attempting to set up a sting operation for Morgan and Garcetti. When he returns home, Danny sheds his clothes and his personality, and basks in his past life as trumpet player "Tom Van Allen". He reveals to an abused neighbor named Colette  that he was once happily married, only to watch as his wife was gunned down by masked thieves during a stopover at the Salton Sea. When meeting with Pooh Bear, Danny becomes fearful of Pooh Bear\'s displays of bizarre homicidal behavior, so he tapes a gun to the bottom of a table. Danny\'s parents-in-law track him down, believing he has sunk into depression after his wife\'s death, but he tells them he doesn\'t want their help. As the deal approaches, it becomes known that Danny is not only working for the police but FBI agents working to take down Morgan and Garcetti, who have committed multiple murders. It is also revealed that they were the men who killed his wife and wounded him as they robbed a drug dealer. Danny had started his own investigation when he found out who Morgan was and delved into the drug underworld to become a believable junkie. On the night of the deal, Danny, with the help of his best friend Jimmy , leads the FBI to the wrong location. Meanwhile, Danny arrives at Pooh Bear\'s house. At the dinner table, surrounded by Pooh Bear\'s armed friends, tensions rise and one of Pooh Bear\'s men tries to kill Danny, who retrieves the gun he stashed earlier and shoots the rest of the gang. Shot in the chest by Pooh Bear, Danny collapses to the floor. Pooh Bear, wounded in the leg, goes to take a shot of meth while mumbling incoherently. Morgan and Garcetti arrive, find the massacre, and Garcetti kills Pooh Bear, whose drug-filled hypo drops to the floor. Garcetti is then killed by Danny, whose life was saved by a bulletproof vest. Morgan is shot twice by Danny, who reveals to Morgan that he knows he murdered his wife. Morgan manages to snatch Danny\'s gun away, but finds it empty. Danny finds Pooh Bear\'s syringe on the floor and plunges it into Morgan\'s neck, then picks up a pistol and briefly contemplates suicide, but then shoots Morgan several times and flees. Back in his apartment, he dons his Tom Van Allen identity again, but is shot by Colette\'s "boyfriend" , who is actually a man Danny ratted out to the police. Collette says she was forced to betray Danny because her daughter was being held hostage. The room catches fire, and Danny plays one more tune on his trumpet before passing out. He regains consciousness to find that Jimmy has saved him from the fire and taken him to a hospital. After he recovers, he leaves the city, and the identities of Danny and Tom, behind.'] ["Neil Curry  is living a happy life with his second wife Barbara  in California after abandoning his first wife, Emily  in New York. Their life of domestic bliss is interrupted when Emily comes back from prison, she has completed a 12-year sentence for murdering Neil's former lover. She arrives in California to wreak havoc and also to claim back Neil.Flatley, Guy. At The Movies, pp. 64. The New York Times. 16 December 1977. Retrieved on 30 July 2011"] ['A teenaged girl discovers that her stepfather is trying to murder her and her mother, but when she tells people, no one will believe her.'] ["After getting out of prison, ex-convicts Emil Slovak  and Oleg Razgul  travel to New York City to meet a contact in order to claim their part of a bank heist in Russia . Within minutes of arriving, Oleg steals a video camera. They go to the brownstone apartment of their old partner Milos Karlova  and his wife Tamina, and demand their share. When Milos admits that he spent it, an enraged Emil kills him with a kitchen knife, then breaks Tamina's neck as Oleg tapes it with his new camera. The couple's neighbor, Daphne Handlova , witnesses everything, but she escapes before they can get to her. To cover up the crime, they douse the bodies in acetone, carefully position them on the bed, and burn down the apartment, intending to pass it off as an accident. Jordy Warsaw , an arson investigator, and NYPD detective Eddie Flemming  are called to the scene. Flemming is a high profile detective who frequently appears on the local tabloid TV show Top Story. Flemming and Warsaw decide to work the case together. They eventually determine that Milos was stabbed so hard that the knife's tip broke off and lodged in his spine. While checking out the crowd outside, Warsaw spots Daphne trying to get his attention. When he finally gets to where she was, she is gone, but Warsaw manages to produce a sketch of the witness. Emil, who got hold of Daphne's wallet when she fled the apartment earlier, realizes that Daphne is in the country illegally and will be deported if she calls the police. He contacts an escort service from a business card he found in Daphne's wallet. He asks for a Czech girl hoping she will arrive. When Honey, a regular call girl, arrives instead, he stabs and kills her, but not before getting the address of the escort service from her. Oleg tapes the entire murder. In fact, he tapes everything he can; a wannabe filmmaker, he aspires to be the next Frank Capra. Flemming and Warsaw investigate her murder, determine the link to the fire, and also visit the escort service. Rose Heam  runs the service and tells them that the girl they are looking for  does not work for her but rather a local hairdresser, and she just told the same thing to a couple other guys that were asking the same questions. Flemming and Warsaw then rush to the hairdresser but get there just after Emil and Oleg warn the girl not to say anything to anyone. As Flemming puts Daphne into his squad car, he notices Oleg taping them from across the street. A foot chase begins, culminating in Flemming's partner getting shot and his wallet stolen. Emil finds a card with Flemming's name and address in it. He gets very jealous of Flemming's celebrity status and is convinced that anyone in America can do whatever they want and get away with it. On the night that Flemming is to propose to his girlfriend Nicolette Karas , Oleg and Emil sneak into his house and knocks him unconscious, later taping him to a chair. While Oleg is recording, Emil explains his plan - he will kill Flemming, then he will sell the tape to Top Story, and when he is arrested, he will plead insanity. After being committed to an insane asylum he will declare that he is actually sane. Because of double jeopardy, he will get off, collecting the royalties from his books and movies. Flemming starts attacking them with his chair  and almost gets them but Emil stabs him in the abdomen, and putting a pillow on Flemming, killing him. The entire city is in mourning and Emil calls Robert Hawkins , the host of Top Story, to tell him he has a tape of the killing and is willing to sell it. Robert pays him a million dollars for the tape. Warsaw and the entire police force are furious with Robert and can not believe he would air it, especially since his main reporter is Nicolette. At the same time, Emil and Oleg try to kill Warsaw and Daphne by booby-trapping Daphne's apartment. The two narrowly escape the resulting fire. On the night it is aired Emil and Oleg sit in a Planet Hollywood to watch it with the rest of the public. As the clip progresses, the customers react with horror at the brutality of it, and a few begin to notice Emil and Oleg are right there with them, Oleg actually smiling at the results of his work, and panic takes place. Emil explains his betrayal to Oleg and as he about to execute Emil with a gun, Oleg stabs him in the arm. The police come in and arrest the wounded Emil, while Oleg escapes. They put Emil in Warsaw's squad car but instead of taking him to the police station, Warsaw takes him to an abandoned warehouse where he is going to kill him. The police arrive just in time and take Emil away. Everything goes as planned as Emil is now a celebrity and is pleading insanity. His lawyer agrees to work for 30% of the royalties Emil will receive for his story. Meanwhile, Oleg is jealous of the notoriety that Emil is receiving. While being led away with his lawyer and all the media, Warsaw gets into an argument with the lawyer while the Top Story crew is taping the whole thing. Oleg gives Hawkins the part of the tape where Emil explains his plan to Flemming, proving he was sane the whole time . Hawkins shouts out to Emil and explains to him the evidence he now has. Emil pushes a policeman down, takes his gun and shoots Oleg. Emil grabs Flemming's fiancée, who is covering the news story, and threatens to shoot her. He is finally cornered by the police and Warsaw. Against orders, Warsaw shoots Emil a dozen times in the chest in order to avenge Eddie's death. An officer shouts that Oleg is still alive, and Hawkins rushes to him to get footage just as Oleg says the final few words to his movie he is taping just before he dies . Shortly afterward, Hawkins approaches Warsaw and tries to cultivate the same sort of arrangement he had with Flemming, suggesting the power an arrangement would give him. In response, Warsaw punches out Hawkins and leaves the scene as the police officers smile in approval."] ['A family of three, mother Deborah , father Jim  and son Ian  move to L.A. from Seattle after Deb is entranced by a house with beautiful glass pane windows. As the family settles in, Deb attempts to resume her career as a photographer while simultaneously taking care of her son as Jim is usually working late. After having some strange experiences with the mirrors and windows in the house, she talks to her chatty neighbor, who tells her a famous artist and his family used to reside there until they mysteriously disappeared. Her mother also visits and tells Deb that in Feng Shui window panes are used to trap evil spirits and stop them from harming anyone. Yet, as Deb continues to experience strange occurrences and explores the dark history of the house, she becomes convinced that something evil resides in the mirrors and windows. When people she has photographed start dying, she is convinced that the evil spirit has infiltrated her camera lens and is killing people.'] ['After a near fatal car crash and three weeks in a coma, a man awakens to a new life, attempting to search for his true identity after suffering amnesia. The more he remembers, the more dangerous it gets.'] ['The film revolves around a series of murders of young women. The killer, Dirk, works for a pornographer named Johnny Ryde. It is outright stated that Dirk\'s impulsive murders are a direct result of viewing pornographic pictures and films. This is stated both by Ryde\'s boss, Gloria Henderson, and the police . Several subplots attempt to emerge during the course of the film: the ongoing police investigation into underground pornographic distribution ; Ryde\'s attempts to shoot porn ; Gloria\'s rising concern about the out-of-control Dirk, which comes to a head when her overlords in "the Syndicate" order her to remove Dirk permanently; and in an obvious attempt to interject pathos into the film, the tribulations of a young girl from a small Midwestern town who starts out seeking a career as a legitimate actress, but who ends up making porn for Ryde and Gloria, before becoming one of Dirk\'s victims. The film reaches its climax when Gloria and Ryde attempt to get rid of Dirk by putting him in a car with faulty brakes. Dirk survives, and forces Ryde to blackmail Gloria. Dirk then murders Ryde, before being shot in the dark by Gloria, who assumed that she was shooting Ryde. The film ends with Gloria\'s disbelief that she shot the wrong man as the police arrest her.'] ["Donald Brocklebank  is a man of aristocratic background living in fear of bankruptcy in a country manor house. His wife, Nancy , is terminally ill and requires constant care, as does his schizophrenic son James . When Donald leaves the two alone in a bid to solve their almost definite financial collapse, James's condition begins to worsen, believing he is able to look after his sick mother rather than nurse Mary  who was sent by Donald. He neglects taking his prescribed medicine and locks the nurse out of the house, leaving his mother with nothing to do but weep. James, believing that more medicine will make you better faster than the prescribed amount, force feeds his mother large quantities of her pills, nearly killing her. Eventually, police make their way into the house, relieving Nancy of her son's care. Due to the medication overdose she has an emergency operation which seems to cure her of her previous ailments. James then goes on to begin hallucinating from not taking his medication, while Nancy recovers from her illness. In a fit of rage, James stabs his own mother to death, before stabbing and wounding his father. Shortly before Nancy's funeral, Donald passionately supports his son, provoking hostility from the rest of the family. At the funeral itself, James believes he has seen his mother and rushes over to hug her. In James' eyes, she then stabs her son several times, though everyone else sees James taking the knife he killed his mother with into his own stomach. The film ends with Donald apparently bearing the same condition as his son, being cared for in his own home. He stabs one of the nurses, and is taken away."] ["Set in the modern day mid-west, the film focuses on a young couple trying to establish a new life. They become stranded in a very isolated vineyard. They are forced to face secrets from their own pasts as well as the malicious intentions of the vineyard's inhabitants who are not what they seem. It turns out that the inhabitants are demons who are punishing them for killing their mentally challenged child who wouldn't be capable of living a normal life. Prior to driving to the house they actually die in a car crash and the farmhouse is simply their embodiment of hell as they still believe they are alive. When all is revealed they are asked if they could redo everything they have done, would they? They say no."] ['Joel Rothman  is suffering from insomnia after having massive problems in his personal life including a separation and being targeted by his boss. As a psychotherapist he is assigned three patients suffering from Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. He must treat them to figure out his own life.'] ['A high-powered car races through the French countryside. A young woman is in the passenger seat. It enters a small village at speed. Charles Thénier\'s nine year old son, returning from the beach, is run over at speed and the driver continues on without stopping. Charles vows to have his revenge, keeping a note of his thoughts in a journal. The police investigation is fruitless. Charles thinks the guilty party may run a garage as there is no record of a car going in for repair. Partly following his hunches and partly by chance he discovers that actress Hélène Lanson was the passenger in the car. He seduces her under a false name as part of his revenge plan, and discovers that the real killer is her brother-in-law Paul Decourt, a man detestable even to his own family. He contrives for Hélène and himself "to visit the family" in Brittany, to further his plot. While Charles is left with conflicting thoughts as to whether or not he will kill him, consciously saving him from a cliff-fall, Paul\'s teenage son, Phillipe, confides in him his own wishes to see his father dead. Hélène confesses that she once slept with Paul but although Charles presses her for further confessions she does not confess the accident, though she is clearly thinking of it. Charles decides to kill Paul in a faked boating accident and buys a yacht for the purpose. However Paul pulls a gun on him and reveals that he has read his journal and knows his plot. He has passed the journal to his solicitor to read should something happen to him. Charles appears to give up and drives off with Hélène. In a roadside cafe the TV announces the death of Paul Decourt in a poisoning, and appeals for Charles to return, which they do. He announces to the police that it would be foolhardy to kill Paul when he knew the journal would reach them . But they conclude this to be a double bluff and arrest him. However, Paul\'s son enters and confesses. Back at their hotel, Charles makes love to Hélène for a final time. He leaves a confession on the pillow stating that the son\'s misplaced fatherly love for Charles had caused him to confess but Charles could not let this happen, it was he who killed Paul. He must sail off never to be seen again. His confession probably lets the son off and reopens the issue but it remains ambiguous as to which of the two did the act.'] ["Mississippi boy Ray Frye  accidentally killed a perverted woman from L.A. during making love. Now her vengeful husband, an addict cop no less , is waiting to strike when Frye gets out of prison. But Frye goes out of the Frye pen and into the fire when, on parole, he boards with the scheming little family of a chintzy car-wash entrepreneur. There's also a poison-dart serial killer on the loose who may or may not be relevant."] ['Retired FBI Special Agent Joel Campbell  lives in Chicago, where he is struggling to come to terms with his failure to capture a serial killer back when he was working in Los Angeles. Campbell attends therapy sessions with Dr. Polly Beilman , but otherwise has no friends or social life. Campbell learns that a girl who lived in his apartment building has been killed. He does not pay it much attention until he opens his mail and finds that a picture of the girl had been sent to his apartment three days before the murder. He brings this information to the attention of the detective on the case, Det. Mackie ([[Chris Ellis , and comes to the conclusion that the same serial killer has arrived in Chicago. FBI Special Agent in Charge Ibby  tries to persuade Campbell to return to the case, but he refuses. One night Campbell receives a phone call from the killer, David Griffin , who reveals that he followed Campbell to Chicago and wants to rebuild the "rapport" they once had. Griffin tells Campbell that he will send a photo of a girl in the morning, and Campbell has until 9:00 pm that night to find her. Campbell tells Ibby that he wants back in on the case, and his request is granted. Campbell works together with Mackie and the rest of the team in getting the word out on finding the girl before the deadline. However, by the time Campbell gets her house number and calls, Griffin is already there, and has slit her throat. Griffin suggests they continue with a different girl. The next day similar events follow as Campbell and his team try to find the next girl before the 9:00 pm deadline. They corner and almost catch Griffin, but he manages not only to kill the second girl but also escape. Campbell is injured during the car chase. The next day, another photo arrives, but it turns out to be the image of Lisa Anton , Campbell\'s former lover who was killed indirectly because of Griffin back in Los Angeles. Campbell goes to Lisa\'s grave, where Griffin is waiting for him. Griffin explains that he has Beilman hostage somewhere, and only wants to talk with him. Campbell negotiates for Beilman\'s safety, and Griffin eventually agrees to bring Campbell to see her. During the drive, Griffin explains that he cares a great deal for Campbell, and considers him a "good friend". Campbell secretly uses his cell phone to call Mackie, cluing him in on the situation. Campbell is taken to the abandoned warehouse where Griffin knocks him out. Campbell is tied up in a chair while Griffin takes a wire and starts to strangle Beilman. Campbell distracts Griffin from his task by saying \'thank you\'. When Griffin asks Campbell to repeat himself, Campbell stabs him with a pen before shooting him with a double-barrelled shotgun. Campbell rescues Beilman and gets them both to safety as the warehouse explodes, killing Griffin.'] ['Luke McNamara  is a student with aspirations to become a lawyer. He attends Yale along with his girlfriend Chloe  and his best friend Will . Luke\'s friendships hit the rocks when he is invited to join a secret society known as "The Skulls". After Luke passes the first part of the initiation process, he has a falling out with Chloe when she realizes that he has become a Skull. As a member of the Skulls, Luke is partnered with Caleb Mandrake , and the two quickly strike up a friendship. Caleb\'s father, Litten Mandrake , is the current Chairman of the Skulls and his partner Senator Ames Levritt , takes an interest in Luke. Eventually Will, who has been conducting research on the Skulls for some time, discovers their secret ritual room. Will gets caught in the room by Caleb and in the ensuing struggle he falls and is knocked unconscious. Caleb is ordered to leave the room by his father, who gets one of his cronies to break Will\'s neck. The Skulls manage to move the body and make it look like Will committed suicide in his dorm room. Luke is greatly troubled by the death of his best friend, especially because Will\'s family is the only family he had , and becomes suspicious that Will was in fact murdered. He initially thinks that Caleb is guilty of the murder, and Caleb thinks that he himself is guilty since he assumed that Will was dead when he left the room. Luke obtains tapes that prove who actually committed the murder and in trying to convince Caleb of the truth , Luke realizes how scared Caleb is of his father. Before Luke can show the evidence to police, the tape is switched by a detective and Luke is confined to a mental hospital under the control of the Skulls. With the help of Ames Levritt and Chloe, Luke manages to escape the hospital and survive an attempt on his life. Luke decides that his only option is to fight the Skulls by their own rules, and "bring war to them". He challenges Caleb to a duel at the Skulls\' private island, by invoking rule 119. Litten tries to take his son\'s place in the duel but is denied the opportunity due to another Skull rule . After Luke and Caleb take their ten paces and turn around, Luke drops his gun and tries to convince Caleb of the truth and that he is not responsible for Will\'s murder. Despite being pressured by Litten to kill Luke, Caleb cannot bring himself to pull the trigger. At this point, Litten loses control, grabs a pistol, and attempts to shoot Luke himself, but before he can fire, Caleb shoots his own father. The wound is not a mortal one, but Caleb, mortified at what he has done, tries to kill himself but is stopped by Luke. The film ends with Luke\'s realization that Senator Levritt waited to help him until he had no other choice but to duel and eliminate his rival . Luke becomes disgusted with the order and refuses to participate further, despite threats from Levritt that he will be tracked down someday. As Luke walks away Levritt says, "Well done, son". It has been speculated that this, along with other incidents in the movie , that Levritt may be Luke\'s father. The final shot of the movie shows Luke reuniting with Chloe.'] ['The Keeper is about a stripper named Gina who is kidnapped by a local sheriff named Lieutenant Krebs. Krebs keeps Gina in a homemade jail in the basement of his secluded home.'] ['The film circles around four medical students who, while out partying one night, spike the drink of an unknowing and loner colleague nicknamed "Freakdog"; it turned out to be a very powerful sedative that accidentally puts him into a coma. The students, not wanting to be involved or else risk their futures for their crime, abandon his body on a road and drive off as fast as they can, hoping someone will come across his body and help him. When they learn about his condition becoming fatal, one of the students  attempts to revive him using an experimental drug. The result has horrible and unintended consequences which leads to the colleague having out of body experiences that seem to possess the students who poisoned him and abandoned him, which he is using as means to exact vengeance by possessing their bodies and through them, framing them for murdering each other while they desperately find a way to stop him.'] ["Katya Yarno is a window dresser for Horne's department store who specializes in displays with sexy, slightly kinky themes. Surrounded by the equipment of her trade &mdash; mannequins and lingerie &mdash; Katya lives in a loft apartment in downtown Pittsburgh. She spends her evenings taking her bath by candlelight and thinking up new and more provocative window displays. Katya soon becomes the obsession of Jack Price, a handsome  psychopath. Jack proceeds to stalk Katya and makes her life a living hell. Tired of being harassed, Katya decides to give Jack a taste of his own medicine."] ['The film opens with the a woman, Niamh , dragging a body in from the cold, white out-side into what looks like a disused run-down factory who\'s walls are covered in strange, cryptical maps that seem to not make any sense. She is wearing a blue boiler suit and a respirator. The body "Sean"  is also dressed in a blue boiler suit and appears badly wounded . Niamh calls out for "Doc" and "Friday" although nobody appears. Sean and Niamh appear to know each other but as they exchange words two children appear asking what is going on. Niamh tells them that Sean has been out-side without his respirator and is very ill. She tells the children to go back to their room and wait for her. Sean quips that he is fine and asks if they want some sweeties. The children disappear. Sean repeats that he is \'fine\' over and over again then tells her he can smell bread, she agrees she can then continues to drag him through the endless corridors. Later, Niamh is frantically cleaning the trail of blood on the floor. Rory and Roison, her children, appear and ask if they can help look for respirators. Later they are in their room where Niamh tells them that Sean has left them some sweeties. After reading them a bedtime story she sings them to sleep. Niamh starts talking to her friend Doc , they talk about Sean and she asks him to re-set the traps. She doesn\'t acknowledge that he is not dressed in a boiler suit and he seems matter-of-fact about the situation, but Niamh is tense. As she goes to search for more respirators she starts imagining strange images and noises. We see an old style film recording of Niamh in normal clothes having a picnic. It abruptly cuts back to Niamh presently. A while later she hears a noise coming from the main door. Doc notes that he thought Niamh had set the traps. As Niamh turns to respond Doc has vanished. She goes to investigate. Two people are now inside the building also wearing boiler suits and carrying torches. Niamh follows them and eventually corners them in a small room demanding to know how they have been walking outside without respirators and what they are doing here. The man "Jackson"  and the woman "Siobhan"  claim they are looking for Sean. Niamh stops interrogating them and asks them to follow her. They seem bewildered at Niamh\'s obsession with the strangely marked maps on the wall and eventually they end up in another room where Niamh informs Jackson that he will be sleeping there. He doesn\'t seem keen on being split up from Siobhan and Niamh asks her if they sleep together. Siobhan laughs at this and says the fact Jackson will be in the small room on his own serves as \'poetic justice\'. Niamh seems puzzled at this comment but does not ask any questions. Siobhan remarks to Jackson that Niamh knows her name. She then leads Siobhan on another journey to her room where Siobhan tenderly asks Niamh how she can sleep in a place like this. Niamh rejects Siobhan\'s kindness and leaves her alone in the room. Later on Niamh catches Jackson and Siobhan looking for respirators, Siobhan shows Niamh some sweets she had found claiming they know they belong to Sean. Niamh takes to some of her maps and asks them to make all the maps \'right\'. She tells them they either do it or go. Niamh continues to have strange visions and dreams and when Doc appears he tells them it could be handy having Jackson and Siobhan there as they hold the \'secrets\' she needs for her survival. She goes to see Jackson and Siobhan in Jackson\'s room armed with alcohol and food and claims it\'s time for a celebration. Jackson gets mad but Siobhan tries to calm him down. They end up getting drunk. Siobhan recognises a song that Niamh sings  and tells Niamh that her father taught it to her, Niamh claims she can\'t remember where she heard it. Siobhan goes back to her room and leaves the remaining two on their own. Niamh asks Jackson why the tense atmosphere and after a confrontation Niamh storm out. She goes to her sleeping children and carries them away as she is now getting concerned about Siobhan and Jackson\'s presence. She begs Doc for help and they carry the children to the main door. Doc hands Rory back to Niamh who crumples to the floor, she cries out to Doc who simply appears to vanish. Niamh is left sobbing with her children unable to escape her \'prison\'. Angry, she goes to see Jackson desperately begging for the secrets. She asks if he\'s married, he replies he once was and shows her pictures of his children but she refuses to look at them and runs off. They soon begin to realise that Siobhan is missing and when they find blood in her room Niamh accuses Jackson of murdering her. He denies it and shows Niamh papers he says are the secrets that Niamh has been searching for. Niamh runs away from him and he pursues her. She realises her children are no longer there either. She tries to run from Jackson leading him around the maze of corridors and rooms. Her voice echos around the building as Jackson pursues her in desperation as he catches up with her he falls to his death through a hole in the floor Niamh had stumbled across before when she was looking for respirators. We discover in flashbacks that Niamh was suffering depression and had drugged her children and then tried to drug herself unsuccessfully, her children dying as a result. Jackson was her husband, Siobhan was her sister and Sean was her Father. All other characters were figments of her imagination. This sudden realisation brings her back down to earth as the police break in to the building, which is a dis-used mental asylum she was once a patient at. She is taken away by police, having now murdered the rest of her family.'] ["As part of his college thesis, Jason Moss , a criminology student, decides to write to serial killers and attempt to gain their trust through impersonating a typical victim or admirer. Moss sends a carefully crafted letter to John Wayne Gacy ([[William Forsythe  in prison, portraying himself as a vulnerable, sexually confused boy. The letter is an intricate plan to get inside Gacy's head in hopes of uncovering new information regarding his murders that will aid Moss in writing a standout term paper. The film unfolds as Gacy, suspicious at first, puts Moss through intense emotional tests via letters and collect calls, all of which lead to strained relationships with his girlfriend and family before an eventual face-to-face visit in prison. The film ends with a real-life interview with the real Jason Moss, and shows the real photo taken of Moss and Gacy several days before the execution, stating that Moss went on to graduate and write a book on his relationship with Gacy before committing suicide in June 2006."] ['The Astral Factor, also released as The Invisible Strangler is a 1976 film horror film starring Stephanie Powers and Robert Foxworth. Studying the paranormal allows a convicted strangler to make himself invisible to kill five women who testified against him at his trial. {{Expand section}}'] ["{{See also}} Washington, D.C. detective and forensic psychologist Alex Cross  heads to Durham, North Carolina when his niece Naomi , a college student, is reported missing. He learns from the local police, including Nick Ruskin , that Naomi is the latest in a series of young women who have vanished. Soon after his arrival, one of the missing women is found dead, bound to a tree in a desolate forest, and shortly after that, intern Kate McTiernan  is kidnapped from her home. When she awakens from a drugged state, Kate discovers that she is being held captive by a masked man calling himself Casanova, and she is one of several prisoners trapped in his lair. She manages to escape and is severely injured when she jumps from a cliff and into a river to escape from his clutches. After she recuperates, she joins forces with Cross to track down her sadomasochist captor, who Cross concludes is a collector, not a killer, unless his victims fail to follow his rules. This means there is time to rescue the other imprisoned women, just as long as they remain subservient. Clues lead them to Los Angeles, where a series of gruesome kidnappings and murders have been credited to a man known as the Gentleman Caller. Cross deduces he is working in collusion with rather than imitating his East Coast counterpart, but his efforts to capture and question him are foiled and the man escapes. Upon returning to North Carolina, he eventually discovers the underground hideaway used by, as well as the true identity of, the man who calls himself Casanova. The actual Casanova escapes, while his partner - who seems to still be a teenager- is arrested. Cross then rescues the multiple amount of kidnapped woman, including Naomi. Kate, after all that has happened, decides to call Cross, and ask him out for dinner at her house to get away from work. While Cross is at home, getting ready, the real Casanova- Detective Nick Ruskin - who calls off the police officers guarding Kate, and tries to kill her. Upon meeting Ruskin, she soon catches on to his plans and attempts to escape, but he takes out a gun, warning her if she try's any of her boxing moves he will kill her. Alex soon arrives and tries to take down Ruskin, who takes out a lighter, which would cause the house to burn down since Kate is making dinner using the oven. Cross shoots though a milk carton which kills Ruskin."] ['In Vienna, a young American woman in her twenties  is rushed to the emergency room after apparently overdosing. With her is Alex Linden , an American psychiatrist teaching in Vienna. Through a series of fragment flashbacks the film tells the story of their romance, which ends up becoming a sexual obsession. The woman, Milena, suffers from depression and is still married to a much older man  whom she occasionally crosses the border to see. Linden likes her free spirited ways at first, then grows tired of her lifestyle, which includes relationships with other men and heavy drinking. He spies on Milena and eventually tries to control her. At the hospital, an investigator  realises that there may be more to the case than a simple suicide attempt. He investigates and tries to get Linden to confess to possible crimes involved with the case.'] ['Attorney, Claire Kubik , and her woodworker husband, Tom , find their idyllic life in Marin County shattered when, during a Christmas shopping excursion in San Francisco\'s Union Square, he is captured by the FBI and charged with the murder of nine peasants in a remote village in El Salvador in 1988. Claire is shocked to discover Tom, whose real name is Ronald Chapman, was a covert military operative serving in the United States Marine Corps and has been on the run for the past fourteen years. Tom admits he was present at the scene of the mass murders but staunchly denies being involved in the killings. He insists he has been made a scapegoat in order to conceal the identity of the real culprit, Major James Hernandez , now the aide of Brigadier General Bill Marks . First Lieutenant Terence Embry ([[Adam Scott  is assigned to defend Tom, but his youth and lack of experience prompt Claire to decide to defend her husband as well. When she realizes she needs help from someone familiar with the workings of a military court, she hires Charlie Grimes , an embittered former military attorney who has a grudge against the military brass, to assist her. Five key eyewitnesses, who previously testified Tom was guilty, have died under seemingly mysterious circumstances, raising Claire and Charlie\'s suspicions. As the trial proceeds, they uncover a massive cover-up perpetrated by one of the military\'s highest ranking officials. Also creating problems are the sudden appearance of a resident of the village where the mass murder took place, who insists Tom was responsible; Embry\'s romantic involvement with Claire\'s irresponsible sister Jackie , which leads Claire to believe he may be leaking details about secrets she has uncovered to the prosecution; and Charlie\'s falling off the wagon after more than a year of sobriety. Claire blackmails a general by threatening to reveal what she knows about the coverup and asks him to make the case go away. The Department of Defense has the case thrown out of court due to "security reasons". Just as Claire is about to celebrate her victory in court, Charlie discovers the truth, while in Mexico, that Tom had murdered one of the witnesses, indicating that he was the killer after all. After hearing Claire talk to Charlie on the phone, a short scuffle between Claire and Tom ensues. The Salvadorian witness to the massacre shoots Tom through the window. The film ends with Charlie and Claire starting a new partnership-based law firm.'] ['The movie begins as Carla Moran  a single mother, is violently raped in her home by an unseen force. Initially convinced the attack was a nightmare, a subsequent episode of poltergeist activity causes her to flee with her children to a friend’s home. Evidently followed by the entity, Carla is nearly killed the following day when her car mysteriously loses control in traffic. Urged by her friend Cindy to see a psychiatrist, Carla meets with Dr. Sneiderman  and tentatively agrees to undergo therapy. An attack occurs that leaves bruises and other injuries on Carla which she shows to Dr. Sneiderman who believes she has caused them to herself. We learn that Carla suffered a variety of traumas in her childhood and adolescence including sexual abuse, teenage pregnancy and the violent death of her first husband. Dr. Sneiderman believes her apparent paranormal experiences are delusions resulting from her past psychological trauma. He urges her to commit herself to a psychiatric hospital for observation. She refuses. After Carla’s friend Cindy witnesses an attack, the two explore possible supernatural causes. While visiting a local bookstore, Carla happens to meet two parapsychologists who she convinces to visit her home. Initially skeptical, the scientists witness several paranormal events and agree to study the home. During their study Dr. Sneiderman arrives and confronts Carla, trying to convince her that the manifestation is in her mind, but she dismisses him. Reassured that her case is being taken seriously, Carla begins to relax. Carla’s boyfriend Jerry visits and she suffers a particularly disturbing attack which he witnesses. Hearing the commotion, Carla’s son enters the room and believes that Jerry is harming her, prompting him to attack Jerry. Later at the hospital, Jerry is so troubled by what he saw, he ends their relationship. Desperate for a solution to her problem Carla agrees to participate in a complicated study carried out by parapsychologists at a local university. A full mock-up of her home is created as a trap to lure the entity. Once inside, it would be frozen in liquid helium. Before the experiment can begin, Dr. Sneiderman arrives and unsuccessfully tries to convince Carla to leave. The entity eventually manifests as a cold wind and unexpectedly takes control of the helium tanks, attempting to kill Carla who defiantly stands up to it, stating that it can never have her. Dr. Sneiderman rushes in and saves her. As they escape the laboratory, they see the entity frozen for a brief period into a very large mass of ice. It eventually breaks free and vanishes. Carla returns to her house the next day. The front door slams by itself and a demonic voice greets her. She calmly opens the door, exits the house, and gets in a car with her family and leaves. The film ends with captions stating that Carla now lives in Texas with her family and that the attacks have decreased in both frequency and intensity but she still experiences paranormal activities.'] ['Vaikundam Soorya Narayana Iyer , a normal business executive leads a normal family life along with Veni Geetha, his wife and his motherSukumari. One day, up on climbing a tall tree in order to capture an escaped pet parrot, Iyer undergoes  giving him the power of clairvoyance. His mind undergoes severe strain after this opening a new revelation. A couple of days later, he foresees a train accident with exact train number, and time of incident and warns the railway authorities. But failing to take his warning in to account, a huge accident takes place killing more than a hundred passengers. A couple of days later, Iyer foresees a terrible airplane accident and informs the authorities about a future bombing at a flight in Delhi. Up on acting as per the warning, a huge accident was blocked, making Iyer to hit headlines. Iyer gets an insight about adding steroids into a particular brand of baby food by Gabrias group, its manufacturers. Iyer contacts Amala, a new reporter who brings out this incident in to limelight, ending up the business empire of Gabrias. Gabria ([[Devan  vows to avenge Iyer, and plants a bomb in his car killing his entire family. In retaliation Iyer kills Gabrias, but is shot and admitted in hospital. At hospital, he makes predicts the setting of sun on Thursday. But Amala realizes that it was Iyer who is going to die on Thursday and not Sun. The police offers severe protection to Iyer. But a terrorist group successfully enters inside hospital shooting down Surya Narayana Iyer.'] ["Set three years before the first film, the action takes place in and around the Meadow View Inn, a small roadside motel in rural North Carolina. It opens with newlyweds driving and the bride wants to have sex in the car, which makes the groom stop. They are then stopped by a man, whose property they are on. The manager, Gordon , oversees an operation of using cameras within the motel to videotape the newlyweds having oral sex. Later, a serial killer , who checks into the motel as Smith brutally murders a woman he brought with him in one of the motel rooms. The horrified staff see the whole crime on videotape and then subdue the man. They, however, do not know what to do with him as they will endanger their operation if they call the police. Smith manages to convince Gordon and his staff to hire him to torture and murder the motel guests on videotape and then sell them as snuff films. The trucker confirms that this is indeed a functional market and Gordon agrees under the conditions that he is the leader of the operation. Smith mockingly agrees. A couple of days later, a young couple, Caleb , Jessica  and their friend Tanner  check into the Meadow View Inn for a night's rest, unaware of the inn's sick-minded employees and their nefarious intentions. As the killers begin to terrorize the hotel guests, it quickly becomes apparent that Smith is a loose-cannon, with no intention of following Gordon's lead. He fashions a crude mask out of wire and proceeds to murder two of the hotel's three guests. They capture and stab Caleb in the stomach until he dies, while Jessica and Tanner hide in the woods and then to a nearby house. It is revealed that the man who stopped the newlyweds lives in the house with his wife. It is revealed his name is Otis. They let Jessica and Tanner in. They tell the couple about the killers, but Otis doesn't believe them. Smith and the others come in, telling the man that Jessica and Tanner stole from them, which Otis believes. But his wife does not, as she takes the phone and is about to call the cops. Quickly, Smith shoots Otis then his wife and runs after Jessica and Tanner. They catch both and do tortuous things to Tanner first. Smith calls the others off, since he wants to kill Jessica himself. The others are watching on tape what Smith is going to do. But one of them does not want to kill anymore and Gordon says to let it play out then they will call the cops and blame the whole thing on Smith. Smith leaves the room to check on Gordon and the others. Jessica found a way to untie herself. Smith comes back and is about to kill Jessica. Jessica manages to stab him in the jaw, but Smith survives. Jessica escapes and Gordon and the others run to see what happened to Smith. Jessica hides and finds dead bodies. She then finds Caleb dead and Tanner, dying while choking on his blood. Meanwhile, Smith  and the others desperately search for Jessica. One of the staff go to the place where Jessica hid, but she hides under Caleb's body and pushes it upward, killing the employee . Jessica takes his gun and runs to the truck and rummages through the glove box, then she goes underwater in the lake. Gordon goes to the lake and searches for her. He finds a sweater sticking out of the water, thinking it's her. Jessica, underwater, pulls out the gun out of the water. Gordon turns around to see it as Jessica pulls the trigger, killing him. Smith hears the gunshot and runs to the lake. Jessica gets out quickly and hides in Smith's trailer. He finds her and tries to stab her, but she gets the torcher and burns him and she runs. The next day, the cops arrive and Jessica tells the story. But they are skeptical of her story because the cameras and bodies have disappeared. At another hotel , a badly scarred Smith informs the trucker that he will have the motel up and running in a few weeks just as soon as the cameras are set. Smith gives the trucker the very first snuff film that features one of the guests he murdered at the Meadow View Inn. He tells the trucker that he will make more copies as soon as he can."] ["In November 1999, a group of young tourists arrive in Burkittsville, Maryland after seeing The Blair Witch Project and are inspired to film their own documentary in the exact woods where the movie was filmed. The group includes Stephen and his pregnant girlfriend, Tristen, who are researching the Blair Witch for a book they are writing; Erica, a wiccan; Kim, a goth psychic; and Jeff, their local tour guide. Their first stop, where they camp for the night, is the ruins of Rustin Parr's house. Jeff places cameras to catch any sightings that may occur. That evening another tour group approaches their camp and claims to have jurisdiction over the ruins. Jeff and his tourists lie and convince the other group that they saw something horrifying at Coffin Rock earlier. The other group leaves to investigate. Jeff and the others wake the next morning with no memory of the previous night. Tristen and Stephen's research documents are shredded and strewn about, and Jeff's cameras are destroyed. Their tapes are found unharmed in the same spot the Blair Witch Project footage was discovered. As they debate why the tapes were spared, Tristen notices that she is bleeding and has miscarried. Later, at the hospital, Tristen sees a ghostly young girl walking away backwards. After she is discharged, Jeff takes the group to his home, an abandoned broom factory in the woods. It has an elaborate security system, including a deep trench and bridge to the entrance, many surveillance cameras, and a front door that plays the sound of barking guard dogs whenever it is opened. They review their tapes and find hours of footage are missing. At one point, they see a naked woman swinging around a tree backwards. Jeff enlarges the video, revealing her to be Erica. Erica remembers no such event and runs to a nearby room to pray. Kim drives to a store to buy beer and has several unpleasant encounters with the locals, ending in a heated argument with the cashier and Kim being ordered to leave the store. Back at Jeff's, she reaches into her shopping bag and pricks herself on a nail file the cashier was using. She doesn't recall grabbing it and it has blood on it. Erica goes missing the next morning. She isn't indoors but nobody heard the front door. Kim discovers Erica's clothes surrounded by a circle of lit candles. Shortly after, the sheriff calls to say that the other tour group was found gutted and laid out in the shape of a pentagram on Coffin Rock, and that he believes Jeff is responsible. That night Stephen sees Erica through a window, naked and swinging backwards around a tree just as in their tapes. He runs outside, where she tells him he knows what he must do. She runs off and the bridge collapses under him. He avoids falling by grabbing a ledge, and while climbing he sees the same girl Tristen did in the hospital. She repeats Erica's statement before vanishing. The sheriff calls again and tells Jeff he's outside and has some questions. Jeff doesn't understand since the bridge is out, but a security monitor shows it is now intact. He opens the front door, but the bridge is once again broken and the sheriff isn't there. Instead, across the chasm there is a pack of barking dogs. He grabs a rifle but the dogs are gone. When he returns the gun to the closet, he finds Erica's corpse inside. The group sits in the loft trying to make sense of the situation. Tristen suggests everything is backwards. They are confused, but Kim tells Jeff to play the tapes in reverse to view the lost footage. This works, and the new footage shows Tristen leading them in an orgy and the ritualistic murder of the other tour group. Once the video ends, Jeff begins taping Tristen and demands a confession. She asks Stephen for help, but he turns on her and claims that she deliberately killed their baby. Tristen ties a rope around her own neck while deriding the others for letting fear drive them to a witch hunt. She focuses especially on Stephen, who pushes her over a railing in a moment of rage, causing her to hang by her neck and die. The group is arrested and interrogated separately. In Kim's room, they play security footage from the store of her stabbing the cashier in the neck with the nail file. In Jeff's video, he arranges Erica's clothes and stows her body in the closet. In Stephen's video, they show him lynching Tristen and cursing her as a witch. All three claim they never did those things."] ["Matt Sullivan  travels with his girlfriend Dawn  on a vacation to Blackwoods, only to discover a motel run by a quirky motel clerk , a deranged family, and a horrific secret. Matt is haunted by the death of a girl from a car accident he caused years ago. Matt was drunk and as he reached for the car radio, he struck the girl as she crossed the road. The guilt that he feels has altered his sense of reality, making Matt's life a mystery full of shadows and phantoms. Now, years later Matt goes away for weekend with his new girlfriend Dawn. After a wild session of lovemaking, Dawn goes for a walk. While she is away a strange man with an ax comes into the motel room and attacks Matt. After that incident Matt goes into the woods, looking for Dawn. There he encounters Dawn's family who tie him down and put him on trial for the murder of the girl years before. They find him guilty and he is sent back into the forest to be hunted down by the family. The deeper Matt runs into the forest the farther his mind is lost to the Blackwoods.Uwe Boll's Blackwoods Film Review - Toasted Pixel"] ['Madison  lives in New Orleans. When she finds herself suicidal and desperate, she locks herself in her apartment for 30 days. Using a video camera to document herself like a visual journal, Madison vows that if she does not have the answer to her questions and feel more at peace with her life, she will kill herself on the 30th day.'] ['In Ghazni Province, Afghanistan, a Special Forces team meets CIA Agent Benjamin Keynes, who explains their mission is to find a very important Afghan cleric by the name of Mohammad Aban. The team leader, Wally Hamer briefs the men to be ready. After being inserted, the team finds a local guide, Abdul , in a village in Southern Afghanistan, where the cleric is from. Together, they go to the mountains, where the cleric has a reputation for hiding. As they go further into the mountains, they begin to have strange encounters. First, they are ambushed by gunmen, who kill Trinoski. The team returns fire, killing multiple gunmen, but when the check the bodies, they have disappeared. That night, the team spots headlights of a vehicle approaching. However, the two lights separate and then speedily fly into the sky and disappear. After speculating on what the lights may have been, they radio for a helicopter to resupply them. The next day, they cannot get reception on their radio or GPS. Their truck, damaged from the ambush, is struggling to move up the mountain. At night, the team hears a helicopter approaching, though they cannot spot it. As their radio is not working, they attempt to signal the helicopter. As the helicopter, still unseen, sounds to be directly on top of them, the noise abruptly and instantaneously stops, something that shouldn\'t be physically possible. Meanwhile, the radio picks up what sounds like Farci or Arabic, but no one can understand it. They cache Trinoski\'s body so that they can move to a safer position for the night. The next morning, the team finds parts of Trinoski\'s body strewn out across rocks. Further up the mountain, they spot strange, triangular markers made of sticks across the mountain\'s surface. As they continue on foot with their mission in the rocky and barren landscape, fatigue, frustration and confusion take their toll on the members of the team and they come across a cave. Inside, they find an old man who gives them shelter and refills their canteens. Sergeant Sadler notices that under the man\'s robes, he appears to be wearing a nineteenth century British army uniform. Sadler tells the others of a legend of how a British regiment disappeared in Afghanistan\'s mountains, leaving only one survivor. In the morning Sergeant Cole observes the old man apparently talking to himself. But when he looks through his night vision goggles, the soldier sees a a group of men with swords in black robes. Panicking, the soldier opens fire, accidentally killing the old man. Abdul says they must bury the body, but Keynes orders the team to move on in case the enemy heard them. One soldier, the medic, develops horrible stomach pains. As he tries tries to drink from a canteen, he finds that it is full of sand, as are everyone else\'s water containers. Further on, Abdul is surprised to find that there is an entire valley that did not used to be there. The tensions further increase when the team is encountered by a bright light at night. As K.T. and Cole try to flank the light, believing it to be a ruse by the Taliban, they\'re immediately vaporized. The next morning, Abdul warns Keynes that they are dealing with a supernatural phenomenon that is beyond human conception, and has deadly consequences; he then commits suicide by stepping off a cliff. As the team progresses further and tensions among the men increase, the soldiers confront Keynes and demand the truth. Keynes shows them a recording from his thermal imaging camera and informs them about the real motive. The thermal video shows a triangular object in the desert. Being nearly invisible to the naked eye, it lifts off the ground after three  men, including Muhammad-Aban, walk to it and vanishes right in front of Keynes\' eyes. It was this object that killed the men. The CIA monitored this phenomenon for some time and sent Keynes and the special forces team there to further investigate it. The whole time, Keynes has been recording with his special thermal camera and sending the images to Langley via an advanced laser aimed at CIA satellites. Keynes theorizes that this object originates from an ancient Indian mythology called \'Vimanas\', a sort of UFO-related phenomena that occurred when Alexander rode through this area of land as he was conquering, and the bright lights and the ghostly gunmen are associated with it. He also explains that the team is an \'expendable\' for the investigation and they will not be rescued, which causes a brief scuffle with the agitated sergeant. Running out of ammo, water and food the team wanders further into the desert where they finally encounter the vimanas at what appears to be the location that the British regiment was destroyed. Sadler, overwhelmed with fear, opens fire upon the seemingly invisible vimanas only to be vaporized. Keynes flees with Degetau and abandons him later, as is too sick to continue, and later hears his screams before being obliterated by the objects. Exhausted and traumatized, Keynes searches for water. He encounters an oasis and drinks water from it only to discover the body of a fellow soldier laying next to the water. Unable to grasp the horror, he passes out. When he wakes up in the night, he hears the distant sound of a helicopter and fires his flare gun. Simultaneously, several flares fire up from the valley. The bright light he encountered earlier re-appears and two beings from it approach him. As it touches his forehead, he sees visions and hallucinations of various objects and landscapes from his previous encounters, causing him to go into a trance. In the final scene he is shown floating several inches above a bed with a talisman he took from Aban\'s home in his hand, inside a hospital room, where doctors and a military colonel are observing him through a glass window. In a trance, he finally whispers, "They will save us all..." In the final credits, interviews of Keynes\' wife are shown in which she says that the family has not yet been informed about him and concludes him to be missing. This film heavily references Djinn myhtos.'] ["Three strangers are riding in an elevator, when a massive power outage, or blackout occurs, leaving them stranded in the elevator until the power comes back on, which takes several hours. As time ticks, the situation becomes unbearably uncomfortable when they find out one of the three is a deranged killer. With hours to go before the power comes back on, the two must find a way out or they will not make it through the blackout. It's slowly revealed one male is suffering the loss of his wife, another male just experienced a domestic disturbance with his girlfriends father and the female just left a hospital where her grandmother was badly hurt, of which she is covered in blood. The three come to grips with their situation as they figure out a way to get out. The movie recaps their histories through flashbacks. Amber Tamblyn plays Claudia who lives with her apparent grandmother who always says she works too hard. She appears to be a student but early flashbacks do not reveal which subject. The movie opens with Claudia covered in her friends blood leaving a hospital for home. She enters the elevator which she noticed was making weird noises. Aidan Gillen plays Karl. The movie opens with him visiting the grave of his dead wife. His young daughter shows up with Karl's friend and they begin playing Marco Polo. He drives home to get ready for their play date the next day, at which time he gets stuck in the elevator. During his flashbacks we see him at a bar taking photos of a woman with long back hair who he later buys a drink and takes to his car. Armie Hammer plays Tommy who appears tough and rigid. When Karl takes his photo claiming to have captured the perfect picture of angst, Tommy freaks out and demands he removes it. During his flashback we learn he is a former drug addict and involved in a fight with his girlfriends father. He eventually climbs out the top of the elevator looking for help, this is where all three storyline come together. As Tommy is climbing up the elevator shaft Claudia flashes back to earlier that day. As she and her grandmother are leaving the building a homeless man asks her for money. Her grandma is unaware she has stopped and keeps walking, it's heard off screen that she was hit by car and its her grandma's blood on her. Karl begins to speak about his night before with a woman and he needs to clean up the apartment before his daughter arrives. Tommy meanwhile struggles up the shaft but falls hard unto the elevator causing the entire elevator to fall. After the fall, Claudia begins to have a slight asthma attack but controls it. Karl being a doctor helps tend to Tommy's broken leg. Soon they hear over the PA system that building control is aware of their situation; however, they learn it's just a recording. By 4am, they are still stranded. Claudia begins to flashback to her ailing grandmother in the hospital. It's revealed Claudia's parents dead when she was very young. Bringing her back is the sounds of the broken elevator. They all agree to yell for help being its closer to morning. Tommy begins to flashback to his crying girlfriend. Tommy tells her they need to run away. They grab any cash they can find and agree to leave that night. When tommy doesn't show, his girlfriend comes to his building looking for him. She pushes the elevator button but nothing happens. She looks around and decides to use the stairs. Karl becomes more hostile to the group and begins smoking despite Claudia's pleas not too. Meanwhile, Tommy's girlfriend bangs on his door but he doesn't answer. She hears the group fighting but doesn't know where it's coming from so she looks around. In the midst of their fight, the elevator slips more. Tommy's girlfriend begins calling for him but doesn't hear anything. The group inside can't hear her either so she leaves. Claudia than flashes back to her dying grandmother saying from her hospital bed everyone dies. She tells her to bend in her life or she will break. She asks for a photo of her husband so they can die together. Claudia rushes off and that's where we discover she was stuck in the elevator. Karl flips out when Claudia reveals she had candy. He steals her inhaler and crushes Tommy's leg more, claiming he is now the leader. He flashes back to the woman in his room where he almost straggles his date. His date awakes to him saying there is no fate only what you take from the world. He runs a scapula across her body and cuts her, than rapes her while covered in salt. It's revealed to Tommy by Karl that he is the killer while Claudia is sleeping. It becomes clear Karl enjoys seeing others in pain. As 2:30 approaches Karl worries his daughter will discover the body and that he is not a good father. Karl tells Tommy he must get out soon or he is going to slit Tommy's throat and rape Claudia. Its now revealed to be 2:23pm. By now Tommy's girlfriend returns to her home and still nobody has discovered the group. Claudia awakes to a smoking Karl and demands her inhaler. Karl throws Claudia's inhaler on top of the elevator so she has to get up there and get it, but also pull the fire alam Karl discovered while they were sleeping. She climbs up and struggles to reach the alarm. She finally reaches the alarm but drops Karl's lighter and it breaks to pieces. She grabs her grandma lighter she stole earlier in the movie and tries again. She falls on to the elevator same as Tommy and the elevator slips. It's now 2:33 She falls back into the elevator where Karl has flipped out being he thinks his daughter knows his secret. Through flash backs it's revealed his wife committed suicide. Claudia tells him they are almost at floor level but Karl says its no use. He reveals to both that he is a killer. Karl flashes his camera causing the other two to squint. Then Karl produces a knife and stabs it into Tommy's neck killing him. While Tommy is dying, he flashes back to his time with his girlfriend. Claudia quickly moves away. Karl than looks to Claudia intending to rape and kill her. She pleads which only makes Karl mad. She tells him to think of his daughter but this enrages him and he stabs her arm and they fight. This causes the elevator to slip closer to a floor. They continue to struggle with each other when Claudia kicks him in the balls. She tries to open the doors and get out. As she makes her way out the elevator which is midway to a floor, Karl begins grabbing her and stabbing her legs. She kicks him in the face and he falls back. The elevator Slips more but he manage to grab her leg which she kicks off just has the elevator falls completely, severing Karl's arm in the process. The elevator s than seen crashing all the way to the floor. Claudia lay bloody on the floor weak from her asthma when the cops arrive. The cops discover Karl's bloody apartment and reveal to his friend what they find which she withholds from his daughter. Claudia is seen leaving on a stretcher. Tommy's girlfriend sits on her bed looking at the money he gave her to leave town. Back in the hospital Claudia's doctor tells her that her grandma has died. She cries because was she unable to get her the photo in time. She asks him why do bad things happen, but he says things happen without pattern and leaves her to rest. Movie fades out."] ['Four engineers—Aaron , Abe ([[David Sullivan , Robert, and Phillip—who work for a large corporation during the day, run a side business from Aaron\'s garage at night, building and selling JTAG cards. With the proceeds of this work they fund pet science projects that they hope will yield applications sufficient to attract "VC attention". After arguing over the project that the group should tackle next, Aaron and Abe independently pursue work on technology intended to reduce the weight of an object. Although the device seems to work as planned, it has a side effect: a timepiece left in the device shows the watch has experienced about 1300 times the amount of time the device was activated for. Abe reasons that they have created a time machine.  After some testing, Abe secretly builds a prototype machine large enough to hold a person and, after traveling back to earlier that day, details the results to Aaron. Abe and Aaron build an additional machine  and decide to cut Robert and Phillip out of the discovery, under the false pretense that the garage has to be fumigated. Abe and Aaron start using the time machines to make money in the stock market, but as their understanding of how the machines work evolves, they become more adventurous with their trips. Their experimentation is cut short by the unexpected appearance of Thomas Granger , the father of Abe\'s girlfriend Rachel, whose financial backing the group had been trying to procure. Granger\'s trip appears to have made him comatose, and neither understand how Granger could have discovered the box. Abe is particularly disturbed by this turn of events and concludes that time travel is too dangerous to continue. He attempts to prevent his past self from using the machine for time travel, thereby nullifying all of its consequences, by using a "failsafe" machine, which he previously built in secret, to travel back to a point prior to his first trip through time and also prior to his broaching the subject of time travel with Aaron. Having traveled back four days in time using this failsafe point, Abe goes to meet Aaron and collapses. After Abe recovers, Aaron reveals that unbeknownst to Abe, Aaron had discovered this failsafe box and used it to get control. Aaron brought back another box, creating a false failsafe point to make Abe believe that there was still a working failsafe machine awaiting him, and preventing Abe from undoing Aaron\'s actions. Aaron then reveals that he has been using a recording to recite their conversation from an earlier time. He continues to explain how he encountered, fought, and was subdued by a previous version of himself who used the failsafe to come back and make recordings after drugging the original Aaron. But Aaron convinced his earlier self that since he has the recordings already made that he should continue to act as Aaron. The earlier Aaron leaves, leaving the later Aaron to his plan to redo the events of a party in which a crasher attempted to shoot Rachel Granger so Aaron can become a hero. Abe agrees to try to change the events of the party with Aaron and the two succeed, though it is unclear how many iterations it has taken. Their deceptions and their differing views on the use of the machines unfortunately have destroyed their friendship. Aaron accuses Abe of coveting his family and Abe warns Aaron never to return or interfere with their doubles. Abe stays behind to continue his plan of attempting to prevent the original Abe and Aaron from this timeline — who have no idea of what the others have done — from ever using the machines for time travel, suggesting that he would tamper with the machines in the hope that their doubles would think the experiment a failure and move on to other projects. The earlier Aaron who came back in the failsafe to make the recordings speaks on the phone to an unspecified recipient to which Aaron states he owes a debt. One of the Aarons and a team of French-speaking workers begin construction on what appears to be a building-sized box.'] ["Steve Kady , a US Census Bureau researcher is sent to the remote and seemingly idyllic village of Rockwell Falls to interview residents concerning the population. On the way to Rockwell Falls he is distracted by a woman falling off a horse and his vehicle hits a pothole and bursts two tires. He is eventually picked up by Bobby Caine , the Sheriff's Deputy, who drives him into Rockwell Falls and helps him find a place to stay. During his stay, Kady notices a number of increasingly strange things about the town, people acting awkward, and strange. People make vague allusions to 'the fever', and several residents treat him as though he were not just a visitor, but has moved to Rockwell Falls permanently. His research reveals that the town's population has remained at exactly 436 for over 100 years. People who try to leave Rockwell Falls seem to meet with bizarre and deadly accidents, or just vanish, which the residents believe to be the work of God. Kady also begins to have eerie dreams about a truck, a cross and a doll. Kady becomes romantically involved with Courtney Lovett , a local woman and the daughter of his host, much to the chagrin of Caine, who is also in love with her. He also befriends Amanda, a young girl whose father was killed trying to escape the town and who is being held at Dr Greaver's clinic, on the pretext of treating her for schizophrenia. Courtney and Amanda both express a desire to leave the town, but are afraid of the consequences of trying. After stumbling upon some books on Biblical numerology, Kady realizes that the townspeople attach a mystical importance to the number 436 and are willing to go to extreme lengths to keep the population at exactly that number, including executing surplus residents. Anyone who expresses a desire to leave is treated for the 'fever' by Dr. Greaver, the town doctor, with electroshock therapy or in extreme cases, frontal lobotomy. It gradually becomes apparent to Kady that the residents of Rockwell Falls have no intention of allowing him to leave. After witnessing the execution of a seemingly willing woman at a town feast, Kady becomes hysterical, and is taken to the clinic to be treated for the 'fever'. He escapes the clinic, and is sheltered by a sympathetic resident who reluctantly helps him plan his escape. After setting fire to the town garage as a diversion, Kady rescues Amanda from the clinic, but is forced to leave Courtney behind after discovering that she has been lobotomized by Dr. Greaver. As Kady and Amanda flee the town in a stolen tow-truck, a rainstorm is brewing and after a lightning strike, the cross from his dream appears in the truck hanging from the mirror. It is followed by the doll from his dream appearing on the dashboard with the next lightning strike. While he is distracted by these, the truck veers into the path of an oncoming semi-trailer truck, killing them both. The film ends with one of Kady's co-workers , who has come in search of him, being picked up by a police officer after his car hits the same pothole that Kady's did, blowing his tires, echoing the beginning of the film.  In the Alternate ending, Kady and Amanda survive, as Kady swerves to avoid the truck at the last possible moment, avoiding their fatal accident."] ['Andy McGee  met his future wife Vicky Tomlinson  in college while they were earning money by participating in an experiment in which they were given a dose of a low-grade hallucinogen called LOT-6. The experiment grants Vicky the ability to read minds; Andy can make people do and believe what he wants, but the effort gives him nosebleeds. Andy and Vicky went on to get married, and they now have a 9-year-old daughter named Charlene "Charlie" McGee , who can start fires at will, and also read minds. Andy comes home from work one day to find that Vicky has been tortured and murdered; the family had already suspected that the government agency that sponsored the experiment, the Department of Scientific Intelligence , was checking on them. The government wants to capture Charlie and harness her powerful firestarting ability as a weapon. Andy rescues Charlie from abduction by agents of The Shop, and for the next year they are on the run. To protect themselves, Andy writes letters to major newspapers, but mailing them reveals their location. The Shop sends the one-eyed agent John Rainbird  to capture them and stop the mail. At the Shop\'s facility, father and daughter are kept separated. Andy is medicated, and subjected to tests, which show his powers have decreased. Meanwhile, Rainbird takes the role of "John the friendly orderly" to befriend Charlie and encourage her to submit to tests. Charlie\'s demonstrated powers increase exponentially, and she continually demands to see her father. Andy stops swallowing his drugs and slowly recovers his power, which he uses to influence Captain Hollister  to arrange an escape from the facility. Charlie tells "John" about the escape, and he makes sure to be there. On his way to rendezvous with Charlie at the facility\'s stables, Andy learns about Rainbird\'s ruse, and reveals it to her. Andy forces Hollister to shoot at Rainbird; Rainbird kills Hollister and fatally wounds Andy, then is burned to death by Charlie. With his dying breath, Andy tells Charlie to destroy the facility and run, and she does, leaving the facility up in flames, killing many people.'] ['Adam Moses is a lawyer with a problem. He is caught in a repeating loop of time that lasts for 1 hour. At the end of the hour, time resets. Everything he was wearing when he was caught in the loop is back on him. An interesting note is that his position in Space does not change. If he was across town when time resets, he does not end up back where he was when he became caught in the time loop. In theory he could travel as far as he could in the 1 hour and just keep going when time resets. He feels that he is alone until he starts meeting others that are also caught in this loop. The movie keeps track of his "Cycles" or time loops. When he is telling the story it is Cycle 8729 and we see another loop begin at the end of the movie. Living that many loops, his sanity begins to fray. He begins to question his faith.'] ["John Klein  is a hotshot reporter for The Washington Post whose life suddenly takes a turn after he and his wife Mary  are involved in a car accident after she apparently tried to avoid something on the road. Although she suffers a non-fatal head injury, Mary's CAT scans show that she has an inoperable brain tumor diagnosed as glioblastoma. After she dies, John discovers an assortment of cryptic drawings she made of a strange black winged creature she saw on the night of the fateful accident. Two years later, while driving to Richmond, Virginia, John gets lost and inexplicably finds himself almost five hours off-course, arriving in the small town of Point Pleasant, West Virginia. Klein's car breaks down and he knocks on the door of a near by house. The owner of the house, Gordon Smallwood , reacts violently to Klein's appearance and holds him at gun point as he contacts the local authorities. Local police officer Connie Mills  defuses the situation while Gordon explains that this is the third night in a row that Klein has knocked on his door asking to use a phone, much to the confusion of Klein. Klein ends up staying at a local motel and finds out that somehow in the span of a few hours he has traveled way off course and he has no memory of how it happened. The next night Klein decides to park outside of Gordon's house and see who is actually knocking on the door. He is met there by Connie and they wait together to see if anyone will show up. While no one shows up, Connie mentions that many strange things have been occurring the past few weeks. They go back to the police station and review the files of the different reports. One of the pictures in the files matches very closely with Mary's drawings. Klein helps Connie investigate, while also becoming friendlier with Gordon. While talking with Gordon one day, it is revealed to Klein that Gordon had heard voices from his sink telling him that in Denver, 99 will die. Scared that Gordon has the same ailment that killed his wife, Klein takes Gordon to the doctor to get checked. Gordon is found to have a migraine, which serves to make Gordon only more paranoid. While discussing the day's events at a local diner Klein notices that news is showing a story on an airplane crash in Denver that killed all 99 passengers aboard. The next night Gordon frantically explains that he has met the voices in his head. The being is named Indrid Cold. Later that night Gordon calls Klein and says that he is standing with Indrid Cold. While Klein keeps Cold on the line, Connie goes out to check on Gordon. Indrid Cold answers Klein's questions that convince him Cold is a supernatural being. It is revealed when Connie gets to Gordon's house that he is in fact not on the phone with Cold and has been in bed for a few hours. This episode starts a string of supernatural calls to Klein's motel room. One of these phone calls tells Klein that there will be a great tragedy on the Ohio River. The governor is scheduled to visit the glue factory in the coming days and Klein is convinced this is when the tragedy will occur. While Klein tries to warn the townspeople, he is ignored. When the governor's visit goes smoothly, Klein is left confused. A little while later Klein receives a call from Gordon and rushes to check on him. He finds Gordon dead from exposure. The medical examiner estimates that Gordon has been dead about eight hours. The Mothman becomes a personal obsession for Klein. He meets an expert on the subject, Alexander Leek , who explains the nature of the supernatural being and details his own experience with it. While drinking at a hotel bar Klein receives a note that says his dead wife Mary will call at noon on Friday at his Washington, D.C. home. He rushes back and anxiously awaits. Just before noon Connie calls him and invites him back to Point Pleasant, saying that no one should be alone on Christmas. She also pleads with him to ignore the call that he believes is coming. Klein decides to drive back to Point Pleasant. As he leaves the phone rings and he finds himself fighting whether to answer it or not. He decides against it and rips the phone out of the wall, disconnecting it. This however does not stop the phone from ringing. As Klein reaches the bridge into town, there is a massive traffic jam. When talking with another driver stuck it is revealed that there was a problem with the traffic lights, leaving the bridge packed with cars. It is also shown that Connie is in the middle of the bridge in her car. As John walks onto the bridge to investigate further the bolts and supports of the bridge begin to strain at the weight. The bridge starts to come apart, making John realize that the tragedy that was prophesised to him was not the glue factory, but the bridge. As the bridge crumbles Connie's car is thrown into the water. John jumps in after her and pulls her from the car and up to safety. As the two sit on the back of an ambulance they see that they have just survived the collapse of the Silver Bridge. The ending credits of the film state that the cause of the collapse was never fully determined. It also tells the audience that while the Mothman has been sighted in many other places, it was never again seen in Point Pleasant."] ["Jeff Harriman  goes on vacation with his girlfriend Diane Shaver , who vanishes without a trace at a gas station. Three years later, Jeff is still obsessed with finding out what happened. One day, Barney Cousins  arrives at Jeff's door and admits that he was responsible for her disappearance. Cousins promises to show Jeff what happened to Diane, but only if he agrees to go through exactly the same thing she did. In a short series of flash-backs, the build-up to the crime is shown. Jeff is taken to the gas station where his lover went missing, and is told that if he drinks a cup of coffee which has been drugged, he will discover her fate by experiencing it. He does, and wakes up to find he has been buried alive. Jeff's new girlfriend, Rita , has traced him and his abductor to the area, and discovers just in time what has happened. She gets Cousins to drink drugged coffee by talking about his daughter, but does not realize the drug takes 15 minutes to take effect. She goes in search of Jeff, but is thwarted at the last minute by Cousins. Fortunately, Jeff has revived and is able to climb out of the grave and kill his tormentor with the shovel he had used to bury Jeff and Diane. The remake ends with Jeff and Rita back together, selling the story as a novel to a publishing company."] ['The plot centers on ghosts invading the world of the living via the Internet. The film is a philosophical exploration into the alienation and loneliness of modern existence due to technology. Communication breakdown and isolation are the main themes of the film. The film features two parallel story lines. The first storyline involves a young woman named Kudo Michi  who works at a plant sales company. She has recently moved to the city and her main friends are her three colleagues, Sasano Junko, Toshio Yabe and Taguchi. At the start of the film, it appears Taguchi has been missing for some days working on a computer disk. Michi goes to visit his apartment and finds him distracted and aloof; in the middle of their conversation, he casually makes a noose out of a length of rope, goes into another room, and hangs himself. Michi and her colleagues ponder why Taguchi committed suicide but cannot find any answers. Inspecting the computer disk he left behind, they discover it contains an image of Taguchi staring at his own computer monitor, which is displaying an image of Taguchi staring at his computer monitor, creating an endless series of images. Zooming in on a dormant monitor beside Taguchi\'s primary monitor, Michi and her friends discover a ghostly face staring out into Taguchi\'s room, though he appears to be alone. Yabe later receives a phone-call that seems to be of Taguchi saying "Help me", over and over, so he goes to his deceased colleague\'s apartment and sees a ghostly black image imprinted on the wall where Taguchi died. Nearby, he notices a door sealed up with red tape. Entering it, Yabe encounters a ghost who corners him in the room. Yabe shows up at work later that day depressed, uncommunicative, and ultimately takes to hiding in his apartment. When Michi finally goes to check on him, she discovers that he has dissolved into a black mark on the wall similar to the one that appeared when Taguchi died. Michi and Junko are soon alone at work; their boss has also disappeared. Doors with red tape are cropping up all over Tokyo. When Junko enters one of them, she is attacked by a ghost. Michi rescues her, but the encounter proves too traumatic for Junko, who begins having a nervous breakdown and, having lost the will to live, dissolves into ash. The other storyline features Ryosuke , an economics student who has recently signed up to a new Internet Service Provider. Once he successfully accesses the internet, his computer accesses a website by itself, showing him a series of disturbing images of people alone in dark rooms, either stationary or exhibiting bizarre, depressed behavior. At the end of the series of images is a black screen with the text, "Do you want to meet a ghost?" That night, Ryosuke wakes up to find his computer again accessing the internet on its own; the site now shows a man seated in a swivel chair with his face obscured by shadows, who soon moves away and is replaced by a man with a plastic bag over his head. Before he pulls it off, Ryosuke unplugs his computer in panic. The next day he asks a fellow student for advice; Harue Karasawa , a computer expert, overhears this conversation and suggests he either bookmark the page or print the images for her to examine. Ryosuke attempts to follow her advice the next time his computer accesses the internet itself, but finds that it will not follow his commands. Ryosuke watches as a video begins to play of a man with a plastic bag on his head standing in a room with the words "HELP ME" written over and over again on the walls. Ryosuke gets in touch with Harue again, but she is unable to come up with an explanation. While consulting her, he watches a computer simulation of life in Japan. Numerous dots float around a black void, almost never touching. If the dots come too close together, they are destroyed, but moving too far away from another dot compels them towards one another. A fellow student, Yoshizaki, mentions the appearance of ghostly looking people around campus and explains his theory that the place where souls go to is full and that they have begun to invade the physical world. Harue begins exhibiting strange, depressive behavior. She begins talking to Ryosuke of death and ghosts; she says that she has always wondered what death is like, but was hindered in her efforts to find out because she was afraid that the afterlife is a place of eternal loneliness. Ryosuke insists that she try to live in the moment, and posits that he would prefer to think about living on eternally. Harue suggests that ghosts would want to save humans from the loneliness of the afterlife by bestowing immortality on them; she believes that this would be accomplished by "trapping them [humans] in their loneliness". Ryosuke returns to Harue\'s home later that night to find her acting even stranger; he takes her away from her apartment and the two try to escape to a faraway place using the subway. However, the train suddenly stops while aboveground. Harue is seized by a desire to return to her apartment; she deflects Rosuke\'s resistance and flees. Upon returning to her apartment, she discovers a new camera angle available on the website Rosuke found at the start of the film; it is pointed directly at her from a room in her apartment. Though there is no physical camera present, she walks directly to the spot from which the signal is sent and claims that she is "not alone". When Rosuke bursts into her apartment later, she is gone. As more and more people begin to vanish, evacuations of Tokyo begin. Michi goes to a local shop, which is empty, save for a ghostly man lurking behind the counter. Ryosuke visits a video arcade, which is packed with other people, but when he goes there a few days later it is empty, apart from an apparition. Harue vanishes, and Ryosuke drifts aimlessly around a desolate Tokyo, where he meets Michi, whose car has broken down. They try to find Harue. She turns up in an abandoned factory where she shoots herself in front of them. They drive away, but not before Ryosuke stops to obtain fuel and wanders through a door sealed up with red tape. He encounters a ghost who explains that "death was eternal loneliness". Ryosuke seemingly loses the will to live, and Michi has to drag him to safety. They drive through a burning Tokyo, encountering numerous apocalyptic scenes : the sky turns black, a JASDF C-130 cargo plane crashes out of the sky, and people leap to their deaths from tall buildings. The pair finally find a ship about to depart Tokyo, crewed by a small group of survivors who tell them that similar events are happening all over the world. As the ship heads for Latin America, Ryosuke and Michi go below deck, where Ryosuke disintegrates into ash.'] ['Sara Morgan  is a woman who thinks the murder of her husband  will solve all her problems. However, she realizes that it won\'t be enough. Her sister, Amber, finds her diary after Sara is found dead. Through the pages, flashbacks are seen to Sara\'s marriage, the death of her husband, her second marriage, and twist ending that exposes the truth behind all the relationships. Her husband has a "second to die" life insurance policy, where the beneficiary receives the money after both people die—in this case, both Sara and her husband. After the plane explosion, Sara marries her husband\'s friend, "Scooch". What she doesn\'t know is that he\'s involved with her neighbor, Cynthia, who is seen putting on a wig. Her wig becomes crucial later on. "Scooch" arranges Sara\'s death in search of the three million dollar payout. The showdown between husband and wife ends with Sara shot dead and floating in the pool.'] ['{{Plot}} Maureen Coyle, a mentally unstable young nun, is atop a bell tower and about to commit suicide. Another nun tries to get her to come down, but Maureen accidentally pushes her to her death. Maureen is forced to leave the convent. Norman Bates is still manning the desk at the Bates Motel and living with the preserved corpse of his "true" mother, Emma Spool. Local law enforcement and Norman\'s ex-boss, Ralph Statler, are concerned since Mrs. Spool has been missing for over a month. Duane Duke, a sleazy musician desperate for money, is offered the job of assistant motel manager to replace the late Warren Toomey, was fired by Norman. Maureen, now a long-term tenant, remains in confusion about spiritual and earthly matters. Sheriff John Hunt and Ralph have a conversation at the diner, when Tracy Venable, a pushy journalist from Los Angeles, interrupts them. She is working on an article about serial killers being put back on the streets. Tracy is trying to support her theory that Norman is back to his old ways. Norman appears and Tracy jumps at the chance to talk with him. Unaware of her ulterior motives, Norman opens up to her but is distracted when Maureen enters. He is startled because she strongly resembles his long-ago victim, Marion Crane. Seeing the initials "M.C." on her suitcase, Norman panics and leaves the diner. After a conversation with "Mother," Norman spies on Maureen as she undresses to take a shower. Keeping "her" word, "Mother" enters Maureen\'s room. Upon pulling back the shower curtain, it is revealed Maureen has attempted suicide by cutting her wrists, a sight which snaps Norman back to his "normal" side. Due to blood loss, Maureen hallucinates. She mistakes Norman, dressed up as "Mother," for the Virgin Mary holding a silver crucifix. Norman gets Maureen to the hospital. After she is released, he invites her to stay back at the motel and they begin a romantic relationship. Duane picks up a girl called "Red" at a bar. They head to Bates Cabin 12 and have sex. Red makes it clear she wants more than just a fling and calls him a pig when he refuses. Duane, infuriated, throws her out. Red tries to call a cab, but "Mother" shatters the phone booth door and stabs Red to death. Tourists arrive at the motel, where they plan to watch a local football game. Norman and Maureen go to a restaurant while Tracy searches Mrs. Spool\'s apartment. She discovers the Bates Motel\'s phone number written on a magazine cover. Norman and Maureen return to the motel to find most of the other guests engaged in drunken stupor. Norman goes with Maureen to her room and they fall asleep in each other\'s arms. Patsy Boyle, the only sober guest, is murdered by "Mother." Norman discovers Patsy\'s body and he buries her in the motel\'s ice chest outside the office. The next morning, Sheriff Hunt and Deputy Leo appear to investigate Patsy\'s disappearance. Norman tries to prevent Hunt from entering his mother\'s bedroom, when he discovers that "Mother"/Mrs. Spool has disappeared. Tracy tells Maureen all about Norman\'s past. This causes Maureen to leave the motel and go stay with Father Brian, who took care of her at the hospital. Norman searches for his mother all over the house and finds a note from her stating that she is in Cabin 12. There he learns it was Duane who took "Mother"/Mrs. Spool. Duane demands a large sum of money to keep quiet or else he will turn Norman over to the police for the murders. Norman appears to give in, but unexpectedly throws an ashtray at Duane\'s head. They fight and Norman hits Duane several times with his own guitar. Tracy talks to Statler and Myrna about Mrs. Spool and discovers she was working at the diner before Statler bought it from Harvey Leach. Tracy meets with Leach, a resident at an assisted living facility, and is informed that Mrs. Spool had also once been institutionalized for murder. Norman drives Duane\'s car to the swamp with Duane and Patsy\'s bodies in it. Duane, still alive, regains consciousness and attacks Norman, who accidentally drives into the swamp. He struggles out of the car while Duane drowns. Maureen convinces herself that Norman is her true love and returns to the motel. Norman and Maureen share a tender moment at the top of the staircase when "Mother" shouts furiously at Norman, which startles him. He loses his grip on Maureen\'s hands. She falls down the stairs into the cupid statue, which impales her skull. Norman screams and promises "Mother" that he will get her for this. Tracy arrives. She enters the house and finds Maureen dead. Then she sees Norman dressed as "Mother," bearing a knife, but is unable to flee. She tries to reason with Norman by explaining his family history: Emma Spool was his aunt and was in love with Norman\'s father, but he married her sister, Norma, instead. Mrs. Spool then kidnapped Norman when he was a baby, after she killed Mr. Bates, believing Norman was the child "she should have had with him." When she got caught, Norman was returned to Norma while Mrs. Spool was institutionalized. Tracy discovers Mrs. Spool\'s corpse in the bedroom. Norman takes off his dress. "Mother" orders him to kill Tracy, but when Norman raises the knife, he brutally attacks "Mother" instead, dismembering Mrs. Spool\'s preserved remains. Sheriff Hunt takes Norman to his squad car, with Father Brian and Tracy following behind. Hunt informs Norman that they may never let him out of the institution again, Norman replies: "But I\'ll be free...I\'ll finally be free." Norman, sitting silently in the back of the squad car, caresses a trophy: the severed hand of Mrs. Spool.'] ["Laura Burney  lives in a beautiful home by the beach on Cape Cod with her husband, Martin , a charmingly handsome and wealthy investment counselor who is also possessive, abusive, and controlling. It becomes clear that he has OCPD, and while she tries to abide by his needs, she seems to suffer under the strain. Martin believes Laura has been flirting with an attractive neighbor, and he physically assaults her as punishment. The abuse is an ongoing routine, which began immediately after their wedding. To escape Martin, Laura plans and fakes her own death at sea in a storm while the couple are boating. Laura had deliberately led Martin to believe that she could not swim, so he believed she had died once she was lost overboard. However, having recently taken swimming lessons at the YWCA she was able to swim safely to shore. She secretly returns home, retrieves some clothing and cash she had hidden away in preparation, disguises herself, and leaves home after flushing her wedding ring down the toilet. Laura moves to Cedar Falls, Iowa. In preparation, she has told Martin that her mother, Chloe Williams , died, and pretended to attend the funeral, but secretly she had moved her to a nursing home in Iowa. She rents a modest house and adopts the name Sara Waters. In Cedar Falls, she meets Ben Woodward ([[Kevin Anderson , who teaches drama at the local college. A relationship develops, but suffers a setback when Ben discovers that her real name is not Sara. After a date, Laura is unable to be physically intimate with Ben, and the next day, she confesses that she is on the run from an abusive husband. Meanwhile, Martin receives a chance phone call from a friend of Laura's from the YWCA and learns of Laura's swimming lessons. His suspicions aroused, Martin heads home and finds Laura's wedding ring in the toilet bowl where it failed to flush. From the Cape Cod nursing home, he learns that Laura's mother is alive, and has her traced to the nursing home in Iowa. He visits Laura's mother without revealing his identity and learns from her that Laura is seeing a college drama teacher in Cedar Falls. Martin finds Laura and Ben at a local fair, then follows her to her home. After leaving idiosyncratic clues around the house for Laura to find, Martin confronts Laura. Ben appears at the door and Martin, brandishing a gun, threatens to kill Ben if she doesn't make him leave. Laura talks to Ben and he appears to leave, but then breaks down the door and struggles with Martin, who knocks him unconscious. As he aims the gun at Ben, Laura distracts and attacks Martin, who drops the gun, and she manages to take control of it; she fires at Martin but misses. Laura holds Martin at gunpoint while she calls the police. She then tells the police that she just killed an intruder, hangs up the phone and shoots Martin three times. When Martin falls to the ground she drops the pistol and collapses, sobbing. Martin, not yet dead, picks up the gun and tries to shoot her but the gun only clicks empty. Then Martin dies. Ben is revived by Laura and they embrace as Martin's dead body lies on the ground with Laura's wedding ring inches from his hand."] ["Julie  is an advice columnist for the city newspaper who begins to receive anonymous notes threatening murder and worse. At about the same time, female members of the group therapy session she attends are being stabbed, one by one, by an unknown assailant. Is there a connection? If so, why do the notes talk about murder with a gun, while the murder victims are being stabbed? At first, the police, her ex-husband, her therapist and her friends all assure her that the notes are probably unrelated, and hoax; but with time, it becomes apparent that someone close to her is responsible. Is it her therapist, Pieter , who has sex with his patients just before they are murdered? Or Pieter's daughter , who resents Julie for Julie's romantic involvement with Pieter? Is it Julie's ex-husband , who never really wanted their divorce? Or maybe Gilbert , the eccentric building maintenance man?"] ['The film begins with CIA director Maxwell Danforth  watching a filmed recording of agent Laurence Fassett  and his wife making love. When Fassett goes into the bathroom to take a shower two assassins enter the bedroom and kill his wife by holding her down and spraying poison into her nostrils. It is hinted that the woman was an innocent bystander sacrificed by Danforth as collateral damage. Fassett, unaware of his employer\'s involvement, goes almost insane with grief and rage and begins to hunt down the assassins, eventually uncovering a Soviet spy network known as Omega. Fassett is called into the director\'s office and says that he wants to turn some of Omega\'s agents to the side of the West, and he has the perfect opportunity in John Tanner , a controversial television journalist, highly critical of government abuses of power. Fassett explains that Tanner\'s closest friends are Omega agents. He believes Tanner could turn the Soviet spies into defecting. For proof, he offers videotaped evidence of Tanner\'s friends discussing financial matters with a Russian man, whom Fassett identifies as KGB. Tanner had met his friends years ago in college, and they have all gone on to successful careers. The spies are Bernard Osterman, a television producer, and two others: Richard Tremayne, a plastic surgeon, and stock trader Joseph Cardone. Tanner agrees, but only on the condition that the CIA appear as a guest on his show. Danforth agrees to this condition. Tanner has a troubled marriage with his wife Ali  that is not helped when Tanner asks her to avoid the upcoming Osterman weekend and to take their son. He does not want to involve them in the events but cannot tell her why he wants her to stay away. While Ali is driving to the airport, her truck is ambushed, and she and the child are kidnapped. In the meantime, Tanner\'s home has been wired with closed circuit video so Fassett can gather more evidence. The three spies arrive for the weekend, each having recently encountered difficulties engineered by the CIA in order to unsettle them and make them receptive to \'turning.\' Tensions flare up and on the second night Fassett puts a video-feed on Tanner\'s living room television, showing video evidence of the spy ring to the traitors. Having reached the breaking point, Ali and Virginia end up in a brief scuffle and everyone goes to their rooms. John\'s son discovers the decapitated head of the family dog in the refrigerator, but this turns out to be a fake head. John has had enough and orders everyone out of his house and then confronts Fassett and presents an ultimatum: arrest the suspects. Fassett orders a guard to kill the broadcaster. Meanwhile, Cardone and Tremayne have taken their wives and escaped in the Tanner\'s RV. Tanner confronts Osterman and tries to attack him but Osterman easily overpowers the television reporter and demands to know what is going on. Tanner tells him that he knows that Osterman and his friends are Soviet agents, which Osterman dismisses as being ridiculous. He states that they have been illegally stashing money away in Swiss bank accounts to avoid taxation, saying that "It ain\'t legal, but it sure as hell isn\'t traitorous." Then Fassett reappears on the television by closed circuit, admitting the truth: his friends are nothing more than tax evaders. Nevertheless, Fassett kills the Tremaynes and Cardones by detonating an explosive device on the RV by remote control and then orders his soldiers into the house to kill Osterman and Tanner. Using the televisions in the house and the video cameras, Fassett taunts Tanner during the attack on the house, having learned that Danforth authorized his wife\'s murder. Fassett tells John he will give his family back to him if he will expose Danforth on air. After an interval, we see Danforth preparing for his remote interview with Tanner. Danforth is at his office and will speak into a camera and microphone crewed by the TV station. Tanner introduces Fassett on the air, and Danforth explodes into a rage when he discovers he has been tricked. Fassett, who is also being filmed remotely, exposes Danforth as a murderer. Fassett\'s remote location is obviously secret, but it is clear someone is coming for him. It is revealed that Tanner himself has pre-recorded his questions for both men and has used the video feed to locate Fassett, whom he shoots and kills.'] ["Alain, the Sire de Maletroit , plots revenge on his younger brother Edmund  for stealing Alain's childhood sweetheart, now deceased. Alain imprisons Edmund in a dungeon for 20 years. He then convinces Edmund's grown daughter Blanche  that her father is dead. As Blanche's mother  died in childbirth, Maletroit intends to further antagonize Blanche by reducing her life to a miserable hell. As the film begins, he tricks a high-born drunken cad, Denis de Beaulieu , to pass through the sole, exterior door of the Maletroit chateau, which has no latch handle on the inside, making him a captive, with the intent of forcing the delicate Blanche into marriage with him. However, Denis has unanticipated redemptive qualities, and he and Blanche fall in love. Their attempt to escape is initially foiled by Alain, who seals Edmund, Blanche and Denis in a stone deathtrap designed to crush the lot of them. Maletroit's disloyal manservant Voltan  comes to their aid and dies effecting the escape of Denis, Blanche and her father from a dungeon cell, the walls of which are crushing in on them under pressure of river water churned against them by a water wheel on the chateau. Alain dies when he falls into the river and is caught up in the water wheel, his fat body jamming it to a halt."] ["In Spain, the vanished six year old daughter of the editor Claudia  and her husband Marc is found completely mutilated in a well by the police, being recognized by her husband only due to a bracelet and leg defect . The body contains marks of many needle insertions and burns from sulfuric acid, which appear to have been inflicted while the child was still alive. Five years later, Claudia is still unable to get over the death of her child and she is addicted to tranquiliizers. Inexplicably, the presumed dead daughter Angela calls her mother, saying that she is still alive and needs her help. After visiting a now-deserted clinic where she used to take her daughter , and finding strange pictures of angels there, Claudia calls a recently-retired cop, Massera , to investigate the matter. She also give him a boot she found on the site, believing it to have been left for her to find. Massera teams up with tabloid journalist Quiroga , a reporter for a magazine of parapsychology, after Quiroga receives in the mail a disturbing videotape which has Claudia's phone number written on the label. The tape shows what appears to be the murder or torture of a naked woman, and also footage of Claudia when she visited the derelict clinic. Visiting a theological expert at the university, the two begin to uncover a bizarre cult called The Nameless that is said to sacrifice children. The cult was led by a now-imprisoned man called Santini who believed in absolute evil, and created his cult which also links to Germany's Thule Society. A doctor who helped him was also arrested but was released for lack of evidence. To make matters worse, Claudia finds herself stalked by psychotic ex-boyfriend Toni, who simply radiates evil. Tony meets a strange man with a scarred eye in a bar . Meanwhile Claudia visits Massera because she is scared to stay at home. She learns his wife died the year before. They then go to visit the prison where Santini is held. Santini has a degenerative skin disease which is believed to be due to inoculations he was given as a prisoner in Dachau. Santini talks to Claudi cryptically but though he talks about the painful experience of having been placed in a cobalt capsule at the concentration camp, and how he has 'vermin' inside of him, Claudia plead with him to reveal Angela's whereabouts but he only tells her to think, and says that Angela is in the place 'where the whole thing began'."] ['{{plot}} The movie starts off with Katie Burke  sitting on some stairs. Her friend Sam  goes with her for a walk. Katie is going to a workshop for some sort of agency that she wants to work at when she gets out of college. At the same time, Detective Wade Handler , a sober alcoholic, is given a new case by his lieutenant . It concerns a missing person named Embry Larkin . Embry was a rich orphan. Handler finds out that Embry was Katie\'s boyfriend when he disappeared. Handler contacts Katie, who says she\'s not sure if Embry disappeared, left school, or both. She also seems to be generally irritated by Handler. Katie, Sam and some friends including Harrison  and Amanda  go to a party one night, so that Katie can relax from constant stress and exhaustion, mostly because of her thesis and wondering if she\'s going to get her job. All of them get drunk/stoned, and during a cool strobe light effect scene, Katie thinks she sees Embry lurking. A few days later, she goes outside and thinks she sees him again, driving away in a car. Handler tells Katie that he thinks Embry is dead, because he had two airplane tickets to Greece that he has never used, not to mention never having taken any money or credit out of an account or anything. One night while Katie is studying hard for her thesis, she falls asleep, completely exhausted. When she wakes up, a number has been inscribed in the desk where she was sitting. It\'s a number for a library book. She goes to shelf where the book is, titled "The Inferno". Suddenly, she sees what are presumably Embry\'s eyes staring at her from the other side of the shelf. She slowly backs out. He\'s gone. Handler talks to Sam, Amanda and Harrison about Katie and Embry. Sam tells him that Embry didn\'t like Katie\'s male friends. Harrison, who has long had a crush on Katie but doesn\'t seem to realize the feeling isn\'t mutual, tells Handler than Embry once put him in the hospital because he poked him with a glass bottle. Harrison confesses to Katie that he loves her, but she says he\'s a great guy, but she doesn\'t feel the same. The next day, Katie is again in the library, hard at work. An odd girl in the library, Mousy Julie  bothers her. Julie tells her that Harrison has disappeared. Katie is convinced that Embry is responsible for Harrison\'s disappearance. Katie has lunch with Harrison\'s parents who are trying to account for his disappearance. While in the restaurant, Embry sits at another table. Katie storms outside and yells at him. He tells her to come to his country house, which was a nesting spot for the two before Embry disappeared. Katie goes there, and falls asleep again. When she wakes up, Embry is playing the piano. She tries to leave, but Embry follows her. Eventually he pins her against the wall, but she knees him in the groin and escapes. She goes over to Handler\'s apartment. Katie and Handler have sex, and in the middle, she imagines Handler transforming into Embry. She gets this out of her head, and she realizes that for the first time in a while, she\'s happy, sitting there with Handler. She also completes her thesis. Handler goes to a forensic expert, who tells him that a note that Embry has supposedly just written Katie was written 2 years before. Handler gets in his car, and buys an alcoholic drink, stressed. He drinks, but quickly spits it out. Katie is waiting on some steps for Handler to pick her up. They are going to go off somewhere together for a little. Embry suddenly attacks her, telling her that wherever she goes, he\'ll find her. Handler shows up, and Katie tells him what just happened. Katie and Handler go into an old tunnel that Katie and Embry used to hang out in a lot. Handler has his gun and flashlight. Katie continues to see Embry, but Handler doesn\'t. Suddenly, we flash back to Katie and Embry, 2 years before, in that same tunnel they\'re in now. Embry tells Katie that he\'s leaving and that he never wants to see her again. Katie gets upset, talking about the trip to Greece they\'re supposed to take together. Suddenly, Katie picks up a rock and repeatedly smashes Embry over the head with it, killing him. Katie is crazy because her father did the same thing to her when she was little. He abandoned her. Handler realizes that Katie is a psycho and that he can\'t go off with her. Katie picks up another rock and hits Handler over the head with it, plunging him to the water where he ultimately dies. We cut forward a few months. Katie is at her job that she wanted, when a man she is supposedly seeing who works with her tells her that he\'s going to get promoted, and he doesn\'t think they should be dating each other. Katie gets a look on her face...'] ["Clark and Summer, a young married couple, are on their way to see Summer's parents. Summer is newly-pregnant, and Clark is worried that her father will be critical of him. Their car has a blowout, and as they don't seem to have a spare tire, the shaken couple decides to walk onwards, to see if they can find help. Upon arriving at a small collection of buildings, they realise that the town is abandoned. It isn't long before a drifter in a cowboy hat comes along. Summer is thrilled to see another person, while Clark obviously has some jealousy issues. The stranger introduces himself as Joseph, and immediately overshadows Clark with his personality and style. That evening, around a campfire, the three talk: Summer shows Joseph a photo of her older son, Ben, who is Clark's stepson; Clark accepts several swigs from the bottle of whiskey that Joseph has with him; and Joseph talks about how -- unlike Clark, who is a slave to society -- he, himself, is beholden to no one except himself and God. Summer seems to admire this, while Clark seethes with jealousy. The next morning, Joseph suggests that he and Clark walk the five miles back to the couple's car and siphon off the gas, then continue on to Joseph's truck, and leave the area. Summer wants to accompany them, but Joseph and Clark both say that in her delicate condition, she should remain. Joseph pulls out a revolver and teaches Summer how to use it, touching her in an intimate way. Clark is obviously furious, but he and Joseph still set off together. On the way to the couple's car, Joseph continually mocks Clark for his weaknesses, claiming to know everything about him. Clark is convinced that Joseph is a fanatical, religious hippie. When they arrive at the car, Joseph tells Clark that everything he is about to go through is his own fault, because of his sins. He promptly disappears. Clark opens the trunk of his car to find Ben's rotting body, buzzing with flies. He is horrified, then realises that he has left Summer alone at the abandoned town. Fueled by adrenaline, Clark rushes back to the town. Meanwhile, Summer has found a room in one of the abandoned buildings with photographs on the wall -- some going back a hundred years -- including her photo of Ben, with a cross scratched onto the picture, over his face. She turns to find that Joseph is in the room with her. She attempts to shoot him, but the gun he gave her is unloaded. Joseph subdues her and uses a razor to carve a cross into her forehead, saying that she will have the mark forever, and will remember what happened there. She begs to know why he is doing this, and he claims that it is God's will. At that moment, Clark arrives and attacks Joseph, beating him to the ground. When Joseph regains consciousness, he is tied to a chair. Clark demands to know how they can escape the town, but Joseph won't say. Clark takes a pair of pliers and cuts off one of Joseph's fingers in order to make him talk. Finally Joseph admits that he is an avenging angel, sent to punish the wicked for their sins. He suggests that Clark tell Summer what was in the trunk of their car, but Clark claims it was nothing. Finally, Joseph agrees to help them leave the town, as long as he can first show them something down by the river. Just past the water tower, there is a field strewn with rough, wooden crosses, marking graves. The couple are horrified, and Summer asks if Joseph killed all those people. He claims that he never killed anyone; they all did it to themselves -- but every one of them deserved it. Further into the makeshift graveyard, there are three empty graves. Joseph again exhorts Clark to tell Summer what his sin is. Clark refuses to say. Joseph loads the gun and hands it to Summer, reiterating that she need only cock the gun and squeeze the trigger. After asking repeatedly what Clark's sin is and receiving no response, and assuming it has something to do with Ben, Summer finally shoots Clark. She slumps to the ground and asks what she did to deserve this pain. Joseph tells her that her sin is apathy: she knew something was wrong, but did nothing about it. Joseph raises his hand to the sky and murmurs a prayer, and his finger reappears. His face is no longer wounded and bloody. Leaving Summer at the graveyard with the gun, he walks off. Summer attempts to shoot herself, but the gun is empty; there was only one bullet in the chamber."] ["Martin is a law school student who takes a job as a night watchman at a morgue. When a necrophiliac serial killer begins plaguing the city, Martin finds himself the target of the madman's wrath."] ["Daniel  and Laura  are a young couple vacationing in Morocco. They rent an off-road vehicle for a day trip to the desert. At a gas station they meet a shady stranger , who offers them to show them the desert. Declining his offer the two continue their trip and spontaneously decide to veer off the road. After making love on a dune they find out that their vehicle does not start. They set out on foot, but are soon lost as their tracks have been blown away by the wind. Luckily the tight-lipped stranger appears out of nowhere and helps them repair their vehicle and promises to show them the way out of the desert. They follow him on his motor bike with their vehicle but become suspicious of motives when they find out that he seemingly leads them away from the road. Tensions appear, not only between the couple and the stranger, but also between Daniel and Laura. When Daniel walks away from the vehicle after having an argument with Laura, the stranger seduces Laura and makes love with her. Daniel, who senses what has happened punctures the tires of the stranger's motor bike with a knife. Together the couples drives away, arguing on the way. When they reach an ancient and deserted town in the middle of the desert Laura walks away. Daniel tries to find her in the narrow alleys of the town, but suddenly encounters the stranger, who has seemingly followed them. He draws his knife and attacks the stranger, but is soon disarmed. Laura comes to his help and strikes the stranger with a stone on his head. They try to bring the stranger to a hospital, but ultimately leave him in the desert after being convinced that he is dead. Following power poles they drive back to the road. A few days later they return to the place where the left the stranger. They only find a bloody bandage and footprints leading away from the place."] ['A psychological thriller that takes you through the mind of convicted killer, Michael Raine, and his experiences on death row. Was he guilty of killing his girlfriend or was he a victim of a conspiracy to frame him for a crime he didn\'t commit? As the story unfolds Jessica Foster, an assistant to the Governor of Tennessee begins to interview Raine while on death row, claiming that she\'s writing a book about the inmates. Through various circumstances, Raine puts two and two together and builds a case that he believes can prove his innocence...or does he? Ms. Foster is the only one on the \'outside" who can give Raine a voice, but is she working for those who framed him? As time draws near to the date of his execution, in his most desperate hour Raine finds the missing pieces to the puzzle to prove his innocence, but is it too late...? Was this story told from Raine\'s point of view or from the book writers or from yours, the viewer - you decide.'] ['Set in the Australian outback in the 1880s, the movie follows a series of events following the horrific rape and murder of the Hopkins family, likely committed by the infamous Burns brothers gang. The film opens in a remote wood building with a violent gunfight between the police and Charlie Burns\'  gang, which ends with the deaths of all of the gang members except for Charlie. Captain Stanley  makes a proposition to Charlie: he and the feeble-minded Mikey can go free of the crimes they have committed if Charlie kills his older brother, Arthur . Arthur is a mercurial psychopath who has become something of a legend and is so vicious the Aboriginal tribes refer to him as "The Dog Man" and both the police and the Aboriginals refuse to go near his camp. Captain Stanley states his intention to civilize the harsh Australian wilderness by bringing Arthur to justice and using Mikey as leverage. Charlie has nine days to find and kill Arthur, or else Mikey will be hanged from the gallows on Christmas Day. It is discovered why Captain Stanley is intent on taming Australia: he has been forced to move there with his delicate wife, Martha Stanley , and apparently wants to make it a safer place for them to live. The Stanleys were friends of the Hopkins family, leading Martha to have nightmares about her dead friends and the unborn child one of them was carrying. Word spreads of Stanley\'s deal with Charlie, primarily from Stanley\'s corrupt subordinate, Sergeant Lawrence ([[Robert Morgan , causing disgust among the townspeople. Shortly thereafter, Eden Fletcher , for whom Captain Stanley works, orders that Mikey be given one hundred lashes as punishment for the rape and murder of the Hopkins family. Stanley is aghast at this, not only because he believes Mikey is likely innocent and the flogging may kill him or harm him irreparably, but also because it will break his deal with Charlie and bring the Burns gang\'s revenge upon him and his wife. Stanley sends Sergeant Lawrence away with tracker Jacko  and other men to "investigate" the reported slaying of Dan O\'Riley by a group of Aborigines. Meanwhile, Charlie rides a great distance in search of Arthur, drinking and apparently reflecting on what he will do. Along the way, he encounters an inebriated old man named Jellon Lamb . In the course of conversation, Charlie realizes that Lamb is a bounty hunter in pursuit of the Burns brothers and knocks him out. Later on, after sleeping on a rock bed, Charlie awakes and, before he can gather what is going on, is speared in the chest by a group of Aboriginal men standing over him. Seconds later a gunshot is heard and the head of the man who threw the spear explodes. Charlie then passes out. Charlie wakes up in the camp of his brother Arthur, located in caves among desolate mountains. Arthur\'s gang consists of Samuel Stoat , who shot the Aboriginal man who had speared Charlie; a woman named Queenie  who tends to Charlie\'s wound; and a muscular Aboriginal man called Two-Bob . As he recovers from his wounds, Charlie has several opportunities to kill his brother, but does not. Captain Stanley attempts to defend Mikey by gunpoint from the bloodthirsty townspeople, but is overruled once Martha arrives, insisting on revenge for her dead friends. Mikey is brutally flogged and horrifically wounded. The formerly excited townspeople slowly become disgusted and Martha faints at the ghastly display. After 40 lashes, Mikey has collapsed and the whip is soaked with blood. Captain Stanley grabs the whip and throws it at Fletcher, staining his face and suit with blood. In response, Fletcher fires Stanley. Not too far away from Arthur\'s camp, Sergeant Lawrence and his men have found and butchered a group of Aborigines. Arthur and Two-Bob find Lawrence\'s group while they sleep, ostensibly to get a horse for Charlie, and proceed to kill Jacko and Sergeant Lawrence. Before Arthur stomps Lawrence to death with his boot, Lawrence tells Arthur that Charlie has been sent to kill him. While this occurs, Jellon Lamb enters Arthur\'s camp and ties up Samuel and Charlie, both of whom are sleeping. Without his realizing it, Lamb is shot from behind by the returning Arthur. Arthur then proceeds to begin torturing the still-living Lamb with a knife. Charlie points his revolver at Arthur, but instead shoots Jellon in the head, putting him out of his misery. Charlie decides he wants to break out Mikey and informs Arthur. Arthur, Samuel and Charlie ride into town dressed in the clothes taken from the officers Arthur and Two-Bob had killed, pulling behind them Two-Bob, posing as an Aborigine they have captured. Once at the jail, the men free Mikey, and Charlie and Two-Bob ride off with him. Arthur and Samuel remain to torture and slaughter the two officers inside the jail. The badly injured Mikey, who has never recovered from the flogging, dies in Charlie\'s arms. As they bury Mikey, Two-Bob tells Charlie that all of this is Charlie\'s fault: "You should never have left us." Captain Stanley and Martha, who had become increasingly paranoid as they were ostracized by the townspeople after the flogging, let their guard down to have a peaceful, civilized Christmas dinner. Immediately following their conclusion of grace, Arthur and Samuel shoot open the door and invade their home. Arthur pulls Captain Stanley into the other room and brutally beats him, while Samuel taunts his wife. Arthur then calls Samuel to the room. Samuel drags Martha inside, and Arthur shoots Captain Stanley through the shoulder. As Samuel rapes Martha, Charlie walks in and informs Arthur of Mikey\'s death; Arthur ignores the news and encourages Charlie to listen to Samuel\'s beautiful singing. Charlie walks up to the unsuspecting Samuel and shoots him point blank in the head, then shoots Arthur twice, saying afterward, "No more." Arthur staggers out of the house. Charlie looks at a gun on the table that could potentially be picked up to shoot him and tells Captain Stanley "I want to be with my brother." Charlie leaves the house and follows a trail of blood to find Arthur seated on the ground nearby and sits down next to him. Arthur states that Charlie has finally stopped him and asks what he will do now, to no answer, and dies as his brother watches the blood red sunset of the outback.'] ['Police Lieutenant Collier Bonnabel  of the homicide department addresses the audience directly, explaining that he only knows one way to solve a case: by applying pressure to all the suspects, playing on their strengths and weaknesses, until one of them snaps under the tension. He then cites a murder case involving Warren Quimby , which leads to a flashback. Bespectacled Quimby, the night manager of a 24 hour drugstore, is married to sexy, unfaithful Claire . Saving and doing without, he is able to buy a nice house in the suburbs, but she is utterly unimpressed, refusing even to look inside. She eventually leaves him for the latest of her conquests, rich Barney Deager . Quimby goes to Deager\'s Malibu beachfront house to try to get his wife back, but she wants nothing to do with him. When Quimby persists, Deager beats him up. He tells his sympathetic employee, Freddie, what happened. Freddie remarks that if it had been him, he would have killed the man. Deeply humiliated, Quimby takes up Freddie\'s idea. He constructs a new identity, cosmetics salesman "Paul Sothern", buys contact lenses and flashier clothes, and rents an apartment. As he is moving in, he meets his new neighbor, Mary Chanler . They start dating. Meanwhile, Quimby makes a phone call, leaving a message with Narco, Deager\'s servant, that he will get Deager for some unspecified wrong. Then, one night, he hitchhikes to Deager\'s place, grabs a handy barbecue prong and sneaks inside. He finds Quimby asleep in a chair, but cannot go through with the killing. When he drops his weapon, Deager awakes. Quimby grabs the prong and holds it to Deager\'s neck. He explains that he came to kill his rival, but has suddenly realized that Claire is not worth it. Then, seeing that his wife is absent, he mocks Deager, guessing that Claire has said she was going to the movies ... the excuse she used while cheating on him. After Quimby leaves, Deager becomes thoughtful. Quimby is surprised when Claire returns to him. When he refuses to believe she has come back out of love, she tells him Deager has been murdered. Before Quimby has time to absorb the news, Bonnabel and his partner, Lieutenant Gonsales , arrive to question them. They know that Claire left the murder scene before they were called. She says that she only went to Deager\'s place to swim regularly, and that she and her husband were Deager\'s friends. Quimby is forced to play along to avoid suspicion. The police are looking for Paul Sothern, the prime suspect. However, following his stated policy, Bonnabel leads Claire on, pretending he is attracted to her. The police get a break when Mary goes to the Bureau of Missing Persons, concerned about Sothern\'s disappearance. She brings a photograph. Bonnabel eventually realizes Sothern and Quimby are the same man. However, Deager was shot, and they do not have the gun. Bonnabel maneuvers Mary to Quimby\'s workplace, but she refuses to identify Quimby and states that her faith in Sothern is unshaken. The police arrest Quimby anyway. Under questioning, he tells them his story, but they find it hard to believe. Later, Bonnabel tells Claire that they had to release her husband due to insufficient evidence; he plants the idea that the gun is the vital clue they need to convict Quimby. Claire drives out into the country, retrieves the gun, and plants it in Sothern\'s apartment. Quimby arrives, followed shortly by the police. Bonnabel encourages Claire to resume searching; she "finds" the gun under a chair cushion, but then Bonnabel explains that all the furniture had been replaced. After Claire is taken into custody, Mary says the furniture had not been changed. Bonnabel replies that it would have been too much work.'] ['The storyline follows the grisly fates of a group of civilian women in a fictional, war-torn Tokyo, as they are repeatedly raped by the soldiers that are supposed to protect them.'] ['Recently divorced Meg Altman  and her 11-year-old daughter Sarah  have just purchased a four-story brownstone on the Upper West Side of New York City. The house\'s previous owner, a reclusive millionaire, installed an isolated room used to protect the house\'s occupants from intruders. The "panic room" is protected by concrete and steel on all sides, a thick steel door, and an extensive security system with multiple surveillance cameras and a separate phone line. On the night the two move into the home, it is broken into by Junior , the grandson of the previous owner; Burnham , an employee of the residence\'s security company; and Raoul , a ski mask-wearing gunman recruited by Junior. The three are after $3 million in bearer bonds, which are locked inside a floor safe in the panic room. After discovering that the Altmans have already moved in, Junior convinces a reluctant Burnham, who assumed the house was unoccupied, to continue with their heist. As they begin the robbery, Meg wakes up and happens to see the intruders on the video monitors in the panic room. Before the three can reach them, Meg and Sarah run into the panic room and close the door behind them, only to find that the telephone is inoperative. Intending to force the two out of the room, Burnham introduces propane gas into the room\'s air vents; Raoul, in conflict with Burnham and Junior, dangerously increases the amount of gas. Unable to seal the vents, Meg ignites the gas while she and Sarah cover themselves with fireproof blankets, causing an explosion which vents into the room outside and causes a fire, injuring Junior. The Altmans make several attempts to call for help, including signaling a neighbor with a flashlight through the opening of a ventilation pipe, but the neighbor ignores it. Meg then taps into the main telephone line and gets through to her ex-husband Stephen  before the burglars cut them off. When all attempts to get into the room fail, Junior lets slip that there is much more money in the safe than he let on, and gives up on the robbery. About to leave the house, he is shot by Raoul, who forces Burnham, at gunpoint, to finish the robbery. Stephen arrives at the home and is taken hostage by Burnham and Raoul&mdash;who severely beats him. To make matters worse, Sarah who has diabetes, suffers a seizure. Her emergency Glucagon syringe is in a refrigerator outside the panic room. After using an unconscious Stephen to trick Meg into momentarily leaving the panic room, Burnham enters it, finding Sarah motionless on the floor. After retrieving the syringe for Sarah, Meg struggles briefly with Raoul, who is thrown into the panic room, his gun knocked out of his hand. As Meg throws the syringe into the panic room, Burnham frantically locks himself, Raoul, and Sarah inside, crushing Raoul\'s hand in the sliding steel door. Meg, now with the gun, begs the two intruders over the intercom to give Sarah the injection. After some time Burnham, who has shown no interest in hurting either Meg or Sarah throughout the film, gives Sarah the injection and while doing so tells Sarah that he did not want this, and that the only reason that he agreed to this was to give his own child a better life. After giving Sarah the injection Sarah thanks Burnham and Meg is told that Sarah is now all right. Having earlier received a call from Stephen, two policemen arrive which prompts Raoul into threatening to kill Sarah. Sensing the potential danger to her daughter, Meg lies to the officers and they leave. Meanwhile, Burnham opens the safe and removes the $22 million in bearer bonds inside. As the robbers attempt to leave while using Sarah as a hostage, Meg hits Raoul with a sledgehammer and Burnham flees. After a badly injured Stephen shoots at Raoul and misses, Raoul disables him and prepares to kill Meg with the sledgehammer, but Burnham, upon hearing Sarah\'s screams of pain, returns to the house and shoots Raoul dead, stating, "You\'ll be okay now" to Meg and her daughter before leaving. The police, alerted by Meg\'s suspicious behavior earlier, arrive in force and capture Burnham, who lets the bearer bonds go; they fly away with the wind. Later, Meg and Sarah, having recovered from their harrowing experience, begin searching the newspaper for a new home.'] ['The film begins with what a BBC reviewer called "perhaps one of cinema\'s most innovative opening sequences."{{cite web}} The scene is a long, behind-the-back tracking sequence featuring Frank Bigelow  walking through the hallway of a police station to report his own murder. Oddly, the police almost seem to have been expecting him and already know who he is.  A flashback begins with Bigelow in his hometown of Banning, California where he is an accountant and notary public. He decides to take a one-week vacation in San Francisco, but this does not sit well with Paula Gibson , his confidential secretary and girlfriend, as he does not want her to accompany him. Bigelow accompanies a group from a sales convention on a night on the town. At a "jive" nightclub called "The Fisherman", unnoticed by Bigelow, a stranger swaps his drink for another. The nightclub scene includes one of the earliest depictions of the Beat subculture. The next morning, Bigelow feels ill. He visits a doctor, where tests reveal he swallowed a "luminous toxin" for which there is no antidote. A second opinion confirms the grim diagnosis, and the other doctor implies that the poisoning must have been deliberate. Bigelow remembers his drink tasted strange. With a few days to live at most, Bigelow sets out to untangle the events behind his impending death, interrupted occasionally by phone calls from Paula. She provides the first clue: a man named Eugene Philips had tried to contact him, but died the previous day, purportedly a suicide. Bigelow travels to Philips\' import-export company in Los Angeles, first meeting Miss Foster , the secretary, then Mr Halliday , the company\'s comptroller, who tells him Eugene Philips committed suicide. From there the trail leads to Philips\' widow  and brother Stanley . The key to the mystery is a bill of sale for what turns out to be stolen iridium. Bigelow had notarized the document for Eugene Philips six months earlier. He connects Philips\' mistress, Marla Rakubian , to gangsters led by Majak . They capture Bigelow. Since Bigelow has learned too much, Majak orders his psychotic henchman Chester  to kill him. However, Bigelow manages to escape. Bigelow thinks Stanley and Miss Foster are his killers but when he confronts them, he finds Stanley has been poisoned too - after having dinner with Mrs Philips. He tells them to call an ambulance and what poison has been ingested so that, in Stanley\'s case at least, prompt treatment may save his life. Stanley tells Bigelow he found evidence that Halliday and Mrs. Philips were having an affair. Bigelow realizes that the theft was merely a diversion. Eugene discovered the affair and Halliday killed him. Halliday and Mrs. Philips used the investigation of the iridium as a cover for their crime, making it seem that Eugene Philips had killed himself out of shame. However, when they discovered that there was evidence of his innocence in the notarized bill of sale, Halliday murdered anyone who had knowledge of the bill of sale. Bigelow tracks Halliday down and shoots him to death in an exchange of gunfire. The flashback comes to an end. Bigelow finishes telling his story at the police station and dies, his last word being "Paula." The police detective taking down the report instructs that his file be marked "D.O.A."'] ['The film begins with a teenage girl  going into the woods to meet her boyfriend. He gives her an early birthday present, but her father shows up and demands that she leave with him. As they drive home she tells him that she will be marrying her boyfriend as soon as she turns eighteen. He breaks down and apologizes to her before crashing their car. Seeing that she is not dead, he kills her with a broken piece of mirror, saying he couldn\'t let the darkness take her. The film then switches to present day, and Molly\'s story. Molly Hartley , a 17-year-old girl, is stabbed with scissors in the chest one day after school in the bathroom by her deranged mother Jane . Although she survives and her wound is healed with only a scar left, she is still haunted in her dreams and hears things because of the frightening experience. Molly lives with her father Robert  and her mother is locked up in a mental ward outside the town she recently moved to. Her father enrolls Molly in a new school to help with the trauma and start a new life. However, as her 18th birthday approaches, Molly must deal with both the stress of being a new student and with the continuing nightmares she has of her mother\'s attack. Joseph , a student at her new school, attempts to help her. However, Molly begins to display symptoms of the same psychosis that took control of her mother\'s life. One night, her mother escapes and tries to kidnap her, but Molly escapes. The next morning she is cornered by Jane and discovers that she, and others who share her mother\'s concerns, want to kill her in order to save her from a preordained life as a servant to Satan. It\'s revealed that Molly had died as the result of a miscarriage and her parents made a pact with the devil disguised as a woman to save her life. The terms of the agreement were such that the Hartleys would only have Molly until her 18th birthday, then she would belong to the devil. After her mother is accidentally killed by falling down to the floor and upon knocking her father out, Molly turns to Joseph for help discovering that he is one of them and has set her up by taking her to his house. Dr. Emerson  arrives at Joseph\'s house and tells Molly that she is also to be a servant of the devil. She says Molly can either kill her father to break the pact, or submit to the devil. She attempts to let her father live and not join the devil by stabbing herself in the chest with a kitchen knife in an effort to commit suicide. This attempt is in vain because the clock has already struck midnight. The movie switches to a mental institution, where a doctor is talking to a woman dressed in black, later revealed to be a cold-hearted Molly. It is revealed that Molly\'s father has now been admitted to the institution; Molly casually smiles and says she will not speak to him, instead choosing to move on. Molly becomes valedictorian of her high school, and dates Joseph. She is seen leaving her high school graduation with Joseph in a limousine, after being told by Dr. Emerson  that they\'ll "see her soon."'] ['A divorced mother does her best to hide the scars of emotional and physical abuse inflicted upon her by her son, and when authorities begin to suspect that she is the abuser in their relationship, she must face the truth of the matter.'] ["Set in an affluent neighbourhood of the San Fernando Valley in 1987, the film recounts the life of a seemingly unremarkable homemaker, Carol White  who develops multiple chemical sensitivity . MCS is a medically controversial diagnosis in which a person develops mild to severe non-specific symptoms and believes that these symptoms are triggered by chemicals found in everyday household and industrial products. Carol passes her days with activities such as gardening, taking clothes to the dry cleaners, and attending aerobics classes. Her marriage is stable but devoid of emotional intimacy, and her son is actually a stepson from her husband's previous marriage. Her friendships are polite but distant. As she goes about her routine, she slowly begins to develop unpredictable and strange bodily reactions, such as persistent fatigue, uncontrollable coughing , asthma-like symptoms , nose bleeds , vomiting, and eventually convulsions . Doctors are able to identify only one true allergy: milk, which she drinks frequently in the movie without incident. Doctors are at a loss of how to help her cope or cure her. She attends some psychotherapy sessions, but does not gain any insight into her condition. After seeing an ad at her community centre, she eventually resorts to moving to the New Age/religious retreat in the desert called Wrenwood, which is designed to help people suffering from MCS recover."] ['In the town of Castle Rock, Maine, Johnny Smith , a young New England schoolteacher, is in love with his colleague Sarah Bracknell ([[Brooke Adams . He is involved in a serious car accident that sends him into a coma. He awakes under the care of neurologist Dr. Sam Weizak  and finds that five years have passed and that his girlfriend has since married and had a child. Johnny also discovers that he has the ability to learn a person\'s secrets  through making physical contact with them. As he touches a nurse\'s hand, he sees her daughter trapped in a fire and also realizes Dr. Weizak\'s mother, long thought dead from the war, is still alive. As news of his "gift" spreads, he is asked by the nearby sheriff  for help with a series of killings but declines. Sarah visits him with her infant son and the two wind up making love. Johnny then agrees to help the sheriff and through a vision realizes it\'s his own deputy that is committing the murders. Before they can arrest him, the deputy gets away and commits suicide. Johnny is then shot and injured by the man\'s mother. Disillusioned, Johnny moves away and attempts to live a more isolated life, taking on tutoring jobs and working from home. After seeing a vision of the boy he is tutoring falling through the ice during a hockey game, Johnny warns the boy\'s father and the boy avoids the tragedy, although two other boys are killed. Johnny then realizes he has a "dead zone" in his visions, where he can actually change the future. Later, Johnny discovers through a handshake that a US Senatorial Candidate whom Sarah is volunteering for, Greg Stillson , will become President of the United States, and through the handshake sees Stillson ordering a nuclear strike against Russia, thus presumably bringing on a nuclear holocaust. Johnny feels it to be his duty to assassinate Stillson. Johnny attempts to shoot Stillson at a church rally, but misses and is shot by Stillson\'s security detail. Stillson grabs Sarah\'s baby and holds him up in the air as a human shield; this act is photographed. Johnny is confronted by an angered Stillson; he grabs his hand and foresees Stillson committing suicide due to the destruction of his reputation after his cowardly act is revealed. Johnny then says to Stillson "It\'s over. You\'re finished." A satisfied Johnny then dies with Sarah by his side.'] ['35 years ago, a college professor named Norihasa Omori  films himself killing 11 of the hotel guests, employees and his own children as a part of his wish to understand reincarnation. Then, he commits suicide. Since then, the footage of the murders has disappeared. In the present day, horror movie director, Ikuo Matsumura , decides to make a film about the massacre. As the date of the shoot draws near, Nagisa Sugiura , the actress who is set to star as Professor Omori\'s daughter Chisato , is haunted by the ghosts of the victims. She begins to hallucinate as she is plagued by nightmares of the killings. Yayoi Kinoshita  wakes up in the middle of a psychology class, in which the professor publicly opposes the ideas of reincarnation and "cryptomnesia". She decides to write an essay supporting cryptomnesia and meets Yuka Morita , who was shown auditioning at the beginning of the movie. Yuka says she remembers things in a "past life" of hers and reveals a mark that would appear to be evidence of strangling on her neck, which reveals that she has the same vision as Nagisa, but that "had been there since [she] was born."Reincarnation, English subtitles. Yayoi and Yuka check out the college library, but mysterious forces dragged Yuka away. Meanwhile, Nagisa begins to believe that she is the reincarnation of Chisato Omori until she finds someone else in the cubby where the little girl was slain. Realizing that she is not the real reincarnation of Chisato, the actors of the other victims  are drawn back to the places where they died. With all the victims walking towards Nagisa, she then becomes shocked that she is the reincarnation of the homicidal professor. Bound in a full-body wrap, Nagisa is haunted by the souls of her previous incarnation\'s children. Ayumi Omori , the professor\'s wife, gives Nagisa her childrens\' favourite toys . She screams as they are shoved into her solitary confinement cell, but calms down with a sinister smile on her face as the ghosts of the children closed in.'] ["Cassandra once dreamt of her mother's death, only to have the dream come true in shockingly accurate detail. Now, several years later, the dreams return, each involving some of her friends from high school. In a desperate attempt to save them, she invites them all to a weekend getaway where she hopes to warn them of their fate and save their lives. However, death doesn't always stick to the plan as Cassie soon finds out. Her friends began to die in horrible and painful ways, but not the ways she dreamt of. As she learns, there have been some unexpected twists to her dreams and maybe what she had seen in slumber was the truth after all, maybe all she is seeing now is a nightmare she cannot escape."] ['The central story is of a self-serving trapeze artist named Cleopatra , who seduces and eventually marries a sideshow midget, Hans , after learning of his large inheritance. At their wedding reception, the other "freaks" resolve that they will accept Cleopatra in spite of her being a "normal" outsider, and hold an initiation ceremony, wherein they pass a massive goblet of wine around the table while chanting, "We accept her! We accept her! One of us! One of us! Gooble-gobble, gooble-gobble!" The ceremony frightens the drunken Cleopatra, who accidentally reveals that she has been having an affair with Hercules , the strong man; she mocks the freaks, tosses the wine in their faces, and drives them away. Despite being humiliated, Hans remains with Cleopatra. Shortly thereafter, Hans is taken ill. Cleopatra has poisoned his wine at the wedding, and continues slipping poison into Hans\' medicine so that she can inherit his money and run away with Hercules. Venus , another circus performer, overhears Cleopatra and Hercules discussing the murder plot and tells Hans and the other freaks. In the film\'s climax, the freaks attack Cleopatra and Hercules with guns, knives, and various sharp-edged weapons, hideously mutilating them during a bad storm. Though Hercules is never seen again, the original ending of the film had the freaks castrating him; the audience sees him later singing in falsetto. The film concludes with a revelation of Cleopatra\'s fate; she has become a grotesque, squawking "human duck". The flesh of her hands has been melted and deformed to look like duck feet and her lower half has been permanently tarred and feathered. In an ending MGM threw in later for a "happier ending", Hans is living a millionaire\'s life in a huge house. Venus and her clown boyfriend Phroso  come with Frieda to visit, and Frieda comforts Hans when he begins to cry.  Spliced throughout the main narrative are a variety of "slice of life" segments detailing the lives of the sideshow performers. *The bearded woman, who loves the human skeleton, gives birth to their daughter. *Violet, a conjoined twin whose sister Daisy is married to one of the circus clowns, herself becomes engaged to the owner of the circus. Daisy appears to react with romantic arousal when Violet is kissed by her suitor, and a closed-eyed Violet knows when Daisy\'s shoulder has been touched, implying that each sister can experience the other\'s physical sensations. ** Daisy and Violet Hilton were real-life conjoined twins. *The Human Torso , in the middle of a conversation, lights his own cigarette, using only his tongue. In the original scene, he also rolls the cigarette.'] ["On one beautiful cloudless day a young couple celebrate their reunion with a picnic. Joe has planned a postcard-perfect afternoon in the English countryside with his partner, Claire. But as Joe and Claire prepare to open a bottle of champagne, their idyll comes to an abrupt end. A hot air balloon drifts into the field, obviously in trouble. The pilot catches his leg in the anchor rope, while the only passenger, a boy, is too scared to jump down. Joe and three other men rush to secure the basket. Just as they secure the balloon, the wind rushes into the field, and at once the rescuers are airborne. Joe manages to drop to the ground, as do most of his companions, but one man is lifted skywards. As Joe, Claire and the other rescuers watch this strangely beautiful sight, they see the man fall to his death. Recalling the day's events at dinner with his friends Robin and Rachel, Joe reveals the impact the accident has had on his battered psyche. Ironically the balloon eventually lands safely, the boy unscathed. But fate has far more unpleasant things in store for Joe. Going to retrieve the body of the fallen man with fellow rescuer Jed Parry, for example, turns out to be a very bad move. Jed feels an instant connection with Joe—one that, as the weeks go by, becomes ever more intense.IMDB, http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0375735/plotsummary"] ['A man, referred to in the movie only as "Man" , wakes up, severely injured, in a wrecked car in the bottom of a ravine. He has a broken leg, and is suffering from amnesia. He hallucinates about a woman finding him. After a few days of being stuck in the position, he manages to escape the car. In the car, he finds several bags of money and a loaded revolver. Hearing on the car radio about an armed robbery by a man named Raymond Plazzy, and finding a credit card in his pocket with Raymond\'s name on it, he assumes that he is Raymond Plazzy, and that he committed the robbery. A dog appears, and the man follows it into the woods. He eventually finds a working cell phone, but cannot obtain a signal in the woods. Frequently hallucinating about the woman, he finally shoots her with the revolver after realizing the hallucination led him back to the car. He then decides to get out of the ravine. After crawling for days, he finds a road and a dead body with a driver\'s licence that says Raymond Plazzy. He then pieces together what happened to him: He was running errands with his wife  when he witnessed an armed robbery and was taken hostage by Raymond, and they were driving down the road and arguing about the situation. He used the moment, grabbed the wheel, causing it to crash. The man now has a cell phone signal, and calls for help. The man is picked up by a forest ranger. He waits to get the dog in the truck, but the ranger says that there is no dog there. He enters the truck and looks out as the scene blacks out.'] ["Two men, Clarence James Darby  and his accomplice Rupert Ames , invade the Philadelphia home of Clyde Alexander Shelton , killing his wife and daughter before his eyes. Prosecutor Nick Rice , unable to use DNA evidence to convict the two, bargains with Darby to a lesser sentence in exchange for sending Ames to death row. Shelton feels betrayed by Rice's actions and the justice system at large. Ten years later, Ames' lethal injection goes awry, making him suffer a slow, painful death. Evidence of tampering with the machine leads to Darby. An anonymous caller alerts Darby as the police draw near, and directs him to a remote location. Shelton reveals himself as the caller, and paralyzes Darby. He takes Darby to a nearby warehouse and dismembers him, recording the footage. Darby's body is found, and evidence ties his death to Shelton. Rice and his team track Shelton to a remote cabin, where he willingly gives himself up. Rice initially refuses to bargain with Shelton to obtain a full confession until he learns his wife and daughter were sent the dismemberment recording and were traumatized by it. In court, Shelton represents himself and falls out of order, putting him in contempt of court. During his next interrogation, Shelton demands a fancy steak dinner delivered promptly. Rice agrees, though the dinner is delayed by a few minutes due to the warden's security measures. Shelton provides a set of coordinates, where Rice and the others find the corpse of Darby's lawyer, having suffocated from a lack of an air supply depleted minutes earlier. Meanwhile, Shelton kills his cellmate with the steak bone, forcing the warden to secure him in solitary confinement. Several other deaths of those connected to Shelton's case are killed in unorthodox manners, including Rice's assistant Sarah Lowell  and District Attorney Jonas Cantrell . Rice is led to believe that Shelton has outside help in rigging these deaths, but is later contacted by an anonymous agent from the CIA who explains Shelton has previously worked with the agency as a technical expert in creating devices to assassinate targets in unusual, remote manners. The mayor  puts the city under lockdown and promotes Rice to District Attorney, charging him to resolve the matter. Rice, from an email sent by Lowell previously, discovers that Shelton owns an auto garage neighboring the prison. There, they discover a tunnel leading to a cache of guns, disguises, and other equipment below the solitary confinement cells, along with secret entrances into each. He realizes Shelton wanted to be in solitary, allowing him to easily leave the prison without detection and perform the murders himself. Evidence points Rice to Shelton's next target, city hall, where the mayor is holding an emergency meeting with city officials. Rice and his men cannot find Shelton, but do discover evidence pointing to a cell phone-activated suitcase bomb filled with napalm in the room directly below the meeting; if tripped, the bomb would wipe out everyone at the meeting. Shelton returns to the garage from planting the bomb, and returns to his cell. He is surprised to find Rice waiting for him, proposing another deal. However, Nick refuses, saying that he don't make deals with murderers anymore, but thanks Shelton for making him learn about it. Despite being impressed, Shelton calls the cell phone on the bomb without remorse. Upon this, Rice secures Shelton in the room and flees. Shelton realizes too late that Rice has placed the bomb under his cot. Knowing that he lost, Shelton looks upon his daughter's bracelet, accepting his fate as the bomb goes off, killing him."] ["After giving a guest lecture on criminal psychology at a local university, Dr. Helen Hudson , a respected field expert on serial killers, is cornered in a lavatory by one of her previous subjects, Daryll Lee Cullum , who kills a police officer and brutally attacks her. Helen becomes severely agoraphobic as a result, sealing herself inside an expensive hi-tech apartment, conducting her entire life from behind a computer screen and assisted by a friend, Andy . When a new series of murders spread fear and panic across her home city of San Francisco, detective M.J. Monahan  and her partner Reuben Goetz  solicit Helen's expertise. Initially reluctant, Helen soon finds herself drawn into the warped perpetrator's game of wits. As the murders continue Helen realizes the elusive assailant draws inspiration from notorious serial killers including Albert DeSalvo, The Hillside Strangler, David Berkowitz, Peter Kürten, Ted Bundy, Edmund Kemper and Jeffrey Dahmer. When the murderer begins contacting - and even stalking - Helen, she and M.J. realize that he is after them, and they enlist the aid of Cullum, who tells them what he knows about the killer. Helen soon realizes that the Copycat killer has been following the list of serial killers in the same order she'd presented at the university the night of her attack, and the two work to figure out where and when he will strike next. After Andy is killed in a manner reminiscent of Jeffrey Dahmer, M.J. deduces the killer's identity as Peter Foley . After leading a failed attempt to catch Foley at his house, M.J. discovers that he has kidnapped Helen and taken her back to the scene of Daryll Lee's attempt at killing her - the restroom of the lecture hall. Once she gets there, M.J. finds Helen bound and gagged in the same manner that Cullum did before, but she is ambushed and shot by Foley, rendering her unconscious. As Foley prepares to kill M.J., Helen desperately attempts to save her by ruining Foley's carefully replicated crime scene the only way she can - by attempting to hang herself. Foley panics and cuts Helen down, and Helen is able to get away and escape to the building's roof. Her agoraphobia kicks in again, and Helen finds herself cornered. Accepting her fate, she turns to face Foley. However, just as he is about to kill her, M.J. shoots him in the brachial nerve, giving him one last chance to surrender. When he pulls his gun back on her, however, she shoots him dead. Some time later, Daryll Lee writes a letter to another serial killer, instructing him on how to kill Helen, revealing that he had been aiding Foley all along."] ['The film opens with the appearance of a dishevelled, blood-soaked Liz , one of four private school pupils, also including Mike , Geoff , and Frankie , who have been missing for 18 days. Liz is interviewed by a psychiatrist, Dr. Phillipa Horwood , and describes what has happened to the four. Liz describes to the psychiatrist how she told Martyn  about her unrequited love for Mike; Martyn promised to help, as he and Liz were best friends. Martyn took his four classmates, musician\'s son Mike, his best friend Geoff, Liz and popular girl Frankie to an abandoned, underground shelter, where they decided to stay in order to avoid a school field trip. The four students climbed into the shelter, Mike reluctantly, and Martyn locked the door shut. When Martyn was due to release them, the locked-in students belatedly realized they were trapped and began to turn on each other. Then they discovered that Martyn had hidden microphones in the shelter. Voice-acting, Frankie pretended to be sick, while Mike and Liz pretended to hate each other because Liz had said that this was what Martyn wanted – he had been in love with Liz "since we were eleven". The plan apparently worked, as one morning they woke up and the hatch was open. They all climbed out, and Liz described how Mike hugged her, thanking her for saving them. However, soon after Liz finishes her story, the psychiatrist tells someone on the phone that she does not believe Liz\'s story, while Liz waves happily to her from the window behind her. Martyn has been taken into custody for questioning in regards to Liz\'s story and the psychiatrist brings Liz back to her home. Martyn begins telling the police a completely different story – he claims that it was Liz and Frankie who orchestrated the whole thing so that Liz could get close to Mike, and Frankie could spend time with Geoff. The police are forced to release Martyn, despite their belief he is guilty, because they can find no evidence. In the meantime, Liz is experiencing flashbacks of the true events in the hole. Martyn comes to see her, angry and distraught that she has framed him. She runs from him through the garden and approaches a weir. Martyn cries, and Liz hysterically says that she knew they would let him go because they could not prove anything; she strokes his neck, but what happens next is not revealed. At their next meeting, Liz tells the psychiatrist that she cannot remember what happened, however hard she tries. The psychiatrist is persuaded to take Liz back to the hole. Once they are both down the hatch, the truth comes out: Liz herself had in fact locked herself and her comrades in as a last-minute change to an adolescent plan to win Mike\'s affection – a spontaneous response to the realization that both Geoff and Mike were attracted to Frankie and had both slept with her. Her obsession with Mike led Liz to believe that, with time, she could win him over, and that locking the door bought her time. Their sojourn in the bunker was initially meant to be a booze and drug party, but when they realized that they could not get out anymore, the mood quickly turned sour. Frankie soon ended up dead from side effects of her bulimia. The remaining three gradually ran out of food and water. Liz was privately trying to tell Mike that she had the key, when it turned out that Geoff was hoarding Cola in his bag. Mike killed Geoff in an uncontrollable outburst of violence by smashing his head against the concrete floor. Reduced to two, Liz suggested a suicide pact, whereupon Mike professed his love for Liz. This prompted Liz to climb the ladder towards the shelter\'s entrance and unlock the door. Perched on a landing high above the shelter\'s floor, told Mike she had had the key all along; she had done it all for him. Mike, overwhelmed by the events of the past few days, angrily rushed up the ladder towards her, but the ladder broke and Mike fell to his death, impaled by the broken metal. The film then cuts back to Liz and the psychiatrist, Liz concluding that since Mike is dead, he can never leave her. Dr. Norwood asks her to make an official statement about this which would corroborate with Martyn\'s version of events, although Liz refuses and it is revealed that Liz has murdered Martyn. The police then arrive at the bunker and Liz begins screaming for help as if the doctor were trying to hurt her. The body of Martyn is fished from the river where he had previously chased Liz and the key is found in his pocket, therefore placing guilt on Martyn and the police attribute his death to suicide. In the end, Liz is allowed to go free. The film ends with her sitting in the back of an ambulance, smiling at the doctor, which turns into a somewhat sinister look.'] ['Scotland Yard Detective Frank Webber  escorts his girlfriend Alice White  to a tea house. They have an argument and Alice leaves with Mr. Crewe , an artist whom she has earlier agreed to meet. At his studio, Crewe sings and plays "Miss Up-to-Date" on the piano, and shows her a painting of a laughing clown. Alice innocently flirts with the artist. He convinces her to try on a dress, then attempts to rape her as she is changing. Alice grabs a nearby bread knife and stabs him to death. Alice leaves after attempting to conceal any evidence of her presence in the flat. She has, however, unknowingly left her gloves behind. The next day Frank is assigned to the case and finds one of the gloves. He realizes the glove belongs to Alice and visits Alice at her father\'s shop. Local petty thief Tracy , who saw Alice at the artist\'s flat earlier, interrupts the two and attempts to blackmail the couple. Frank tells Tracy his attempt will fail. The tables are turned when Tracey becomes the chief suspect after the artist\'s landlady identifies him as being at the scene of the crime. Tracy flees and is pursued by the police. He clambers onto the domed roof of the British Museum Reading Room and is killed after falling through a glass panel of the dome. Alice feels compelled to confess that she killed the artist and goes to Scotland Yard. She attempts to talk to the Chief Inspector, but is escorted out by Frank. As they leave, Crewe\'s painting showing the laughing clown is carried past them.'] ['A team of scientists invents "the Hat", a brain/computer interface that allows sensations to be recorded from a person\'s brain and converted to tape so that others can experience them. The team includes estranged husband and wife Michael and Karen Brace , as well as Michael\'s colleague Lillian Reynolds . At CEO Alex Terson\'s  instruction, the team demonstrates the device to gain financing for further development. One team member, Gordo , has sexual intercourse while wearing the recorder, and shares the tape with other colleagues, including Hal Abramson . Hal splices one section of the tape into a continuous orgasm, which results in sensory overload that nearly kills him - leading to his forced retirement. Tensions increase as the possibilities for abuse become clear. Karen dons the recorder while working with Michael and Lillian. When Michael plays the tape back, the group realizes that emotional experiences are also recorded. Michael makes a tape of his memories, which he shares with Karen, leading to their reconciliation. Lillian is pressured by backers to admit a former colleague, Landon Marks , whom she sees as part of the military industrial complex. She refuses to have the invention taken over for military use. This stress, coupled with the cumulative effects of her lifestyle, causes Lillian to suffer a heart attack while working alone. Realizing that help cannot reach her in time, she dons the Hat and records her experience as she dies. Following her funeral, Michael decides to experience Lillian\'s final recording, but nearly dies when the playback causes his body to actually simulate the sensations and effects of a heart attack. Michael modifies his playback console to disconnect the heart and respiration output from the recording. A team of military scientists wanting to discover the Hat\'s capabilities monitors the equipment, discovering Michael\'s attempt to replay Lillian\'s death tape, and force Gordo to experience the playback at the same time as Michael, but with his heart and respiration connected to the simulation - leading to Gordo\'s death. As a safety measure, Alex orders that the central playback facility be shut down. Michael\'s experiment is cut short, but witnessing what is essentially a digital near-death experience makes him curious to see the entire tape. The recording is locked away and Michael is told he will never be allowed to view it. Michael protests, but Alex removes him and Karen from the team. Michael makes several attempts to hack into the lab\'s computers. Hal advises him to look under "Project Brainstorm", a program which, Michael learns, the military has created to re-develop the Hat for torture and brainwashing. Michael and Karen\'s son Chris is inadvertently exposed to one such "toxic" tape, causing him to have a psychotic experience which results in his hospitalization - where the Braces have a confrontation with Alex over Project Brainstorm. Michael vows to destroy Brainstorm, and enlists the help of Karen and Hal. Michael and Karen head to a hotel and, realizing they are under surveillance, stage a fight that results in Karen\'s leaving for Hal\'s house. As the two feign reconciliation over the phone, Michael accesses the Brainstorm computer via another phone line, while Karen hacks into the system and reprograms the factory robots that manufacture the Hat. The machines go berserk, creating havoc. Michael shuts down the security system, trapping the staff inside, allowing him to remotely load Lillian\'s death tape and experience it without interruption. Brainstorm\'s leaders order his arrest. Michael flees the hotel, heading for a phone booth at the Wright Brothers National Memorial, located in Kill Devil Hills, North Carolina. He hacks into the computers again and accesses the final part of the death tape, after the point of Lillian\'s physical death. While viewing Lillian\'s death experience, he sees "memory bubbles". Michael experiences Lillian\'s memories of a humorous meeting with Michael and an early robot, a surprise birthday party, and being devastated when Alex tells her that an earlier project was cancelled. Karen arrives at the Wright Brothers Memorial while the tape is still playing. To his awe, Michael bears witness to the Afterlife; Lillian experiences a brief vision of Hell before travelling away from Earth and through the universe, even after the tape ends, ultimately witnessing visions of angels and departed souls flying into a great cosmic Light. Michael then collapses in an apparent coma. Karen sobs, pleading for Michael to come back. Awakening from the experience, he weeps with joy.'] ['Matthew Ryan  has just been released from a psychiatric hospital following a breakdown resulting from the disappearance of his eight year old younger brother, Tom . After returning home, Matthew finds a tape from right after Tom went missing, a news clip in which Matthew\'s father, Jake  says, "I just want, Tom back. Please don\'t hurt him." While watching the tape the whispered, eerie voice of Tom says, "Matthew..." Later, when Jake returns home, Matthew tells him about what he heard and shows him the tape, hoping that Jake will hear the voice too. However, Jake does not hear the voice and goes into a fit of rage as the wound of losing his son is reopened. Matthew soon meets his new troubled neighbour, Amy Tyler . She does not say much except that she\'s sorry about Tom, and then leaves. Matthew is then walking along the pavement when he peers in a store window noticing a television with a reel of Missing Child photos. Tom shows up on the screen and Matthew sees the reflection of Tom behind him in the window. He turns around, but Tom is gone. That night at the park, Matthew is smoking with his friend, Simon  whom he tells about hearing Tom\'s voice. Simon informs him of a phenomenon where people hear dead people\'s voices on tapes, which Matthew at first thinks nothing of as he still believes Tom is alive. The next day, Matthew records his own voice on a tape hoping to hear Tom when he plays it back. While in the middle of recording, a gang comes up to him, taunting him for being crazy, talking to himself in the park. They smash his recorder and beat him up. When Matthew wakes up, Amy is there, who takes him back home with her. They talk about their own personal issues for a while until Matthew goes home to listen to the tape. He once again hears Tom\'s voice, though Jake is becoming increasingly concerned for Matthew\'s mental health. That night Matthew has what will become a recurring dream of being buried alive. In the morning Matthew is visited by a clergymen, Adrian Ballan  who talks to him for a while about Tom. Not really listening, Matthew sees a gaunt looking Tom, out the window. He disappears and eventually Adrian leaves. Later that day, Matthew meets up with Simon and makes him listen to the tape with Tom\'s voice on it. Simon laughs, not believing him, suggesting he, "Need to spend a bit more time in the old whack shack, you know what I mean?" Matthew leaves, irritated and furious that no one believes him. He again meets up with Amy who says that she believes him and recommends he go and talk to a medium she knows. Taking her advice, Matthew finds the medium, Shelley Cartwright  who tells him that perhaps Tom is trying to tell him something. Before Matthew leaves, the medium\'s daughter, Rebecca  gives him a drawing of a girl. Matthew goes home and Jason Saks  asks him what he thinks about all the recent abductions. Upon asking Jason what he means, Matthew discovers that Simon\'s younger sister, Sophie  has been recently abducted. Matthew refuses to answer Jason\'s questions and hurries off to Simon\'s house. He then realizes that the picture Rebecca gave him, was of Sophie. He shows it to Simon, who tells Matthew that Shelley Cartwright died years ago when her flat burnt down. He then throws Matthew out in a rage. Matthew returns to the medium\'s house and sees it was burnt down. He confides all of this information to Amy who tells him it does not matter if Tom is alive or not, that Matthew just has to listen to him. After going to his appointment at the hospital, Matthew is chased out of the park by the gang that attacked him earlier and is rescued by Adrian who talks to him again about Tom, and what Matthew is going through. The next day Matthew and Jake get in an argument about Tom\'s disappearance. Matthew accuses Jake of killing Tom and Jake then blames Matthew, telling him that he was supposed to be looking after Tom on the night he disappeared. Matthew then runs off and meets up with Amy who comforts him and explains that he cannot blame Jake for what\'s happened and has to trust him. The next day Matthew apologizes to Jake who then has men from the hospital to come and take him away again but Matthew runs away. Simon sees him and goes to tell him something but before he can talk Matthew explains to him that Adrian abducted Tom and Sophie. He then goes to what appears to be an underground catacomb and in it he is attacked by Adrian. When Simon and Jake come looking for Matthew there, Adrian says he has not seen him, but Simon secretly follows him. Simon goes down into the catacomb and while looking around for Matthew, Adrian drags him away and is holding him around the neck. He snaps his neck, killing him. Matthew, unaware Simon was there, finds Sophie whom he tells to run away when Adrian comes and attacks him again. When Matthew awakens, he finds Simon dead and escapes, collapsing outside of the catacomb and later waking up in the hospital. After leaving the hospital he learns that Amy had killed herself before they had ever met and that she must have been a ghost. Tom\'s body is also discovered, and Matthew and his father are finally able to give him a proper burial.'] ['Emma is a young musician who has been blind for 20 years. New surgery techniques restore her vision but initially cause "vision flashes" that leave her uncertain about what she sees. One night, she is awakened by a noise in the apartment above. Peeking out her door, she "sees" a figure descending the stairs. She contacts the police, worried that her neighbor has been murdered, but is unsure if it was just her new vision deceiving her. The killer then begins to stalk Emma.'] ["Jane  and Cathy  are two young nurses from London, taking a cycling holiday in rural France. When they stop at a busy cafe, Jane wants to plan their route, but Cathy is more interested in a handsome man , whom she spies drinking alone at the next table. Later, as Jane and Cathy make their way along a quiet country road, the man, who rides a Lambretta scooter, overtakes them, and they pass him a few minutes later, as he rests by a cemetery gate. Cathy becomes intrigued by him. Stopping for a rest, Cathy decides she wants to sunbathe for a while, but Jane wants to push on. Eventually they argue, and Jane decides to carry on alone. A short while later, at a lonely café, the owner tries to tell Jane, in poor English, that the area has a bad reputation. She begins to reconsider her decision, and heads back to the spot where she left Cathy earlier, unaware that something has already happened. Unable to find her friend, and increasingly concerned about the presence of the scooter rider, Jane decides to look for the local police officer . Jane becomes convinced that the moped driver, who is called Paul, and who says he is a plain-clothes detective, is in fact Cathy's attacker. She escapes from him - in the process discovering Cathy's dead body - and re-encounters the policeman, who is then revealed as Cathy's actual murderer. He attacks Jane but is stopped by Paul, who knocks him unconscious."] ['In 1947, John Nash  arrives at Princeton University. He is co-recipient, with Martin Hansen , of the prestigious Carnegie Scholarship for mathematics. At a reception he meets a group of other promising math and science graduate students, Richard Sol , Ainsley , and Bender . He also meets his roommate Charles Herman , a literature student, and an unlikely friendship begins. Nash comes under increasing pressure to publish, both from the mathematics department chairman and in the form of rivalry with Hansen. But he refuses until he finds a truly original idea. His inspiration comes when he and his fellow graduate students discuss how to approach a group of women at a bar. Hansen quotes Adam Smith and advocates "every man for himself", but Nash argues that a cooperative approach would lead to better chances of success. This leads to a new concept of governing dynamics which Nash develops and publishes. On the strength of this he is offered an appointment at MIT where Sol and Bender join him. Some years later, Nash is invited to the Pentagon to crack encrypted enemy telecommunication. Nash is able to decipher the code mentally, to the astonishment of other codebreakers. He considers his regular duties at MIT uninteresting and beneath his talents, so he is pleased to be given a new assignment by mysterious supervisor William Parcher  of the United States Department of Defense, to look for patterns in magazines and newspapers in order to thwart a Soviet plot. Nash becomes increasingly obsessive about searching for these hidden patterns and believes he is followed when he delivers his results to a secret mailbox. Meanwhile a student, Alicia Larde , asks him to dinner, and the two fall in love. On a return visit to Princeton, Nash runs into his former roommate Charles and meets Charles\' young niece Marcee , whom he adores. With Charles\' encouragement he proposes to Alicia and they marry. Nash begins to fear for his life after witnessing a shootout between Parcher and Soviet agents. He tells Parcher that he wants to quit his special assignment but Parcher blackmails him into staying. While delivering a guest lecture at Harvard University , Nash attempts to flee from what appear to be foreign agents, led by Dr. Rosen . After punching Rosen in an attempt to flee, Nash is forcibly sedated and sent to a psychiatric facility. He believes the facility is run by the Soviets who are trying to extract information from him. Dr. Rosen tells Alicia that Nash has schizophrenia and that Charles, Marcee and Parcher exist only in his imagination. Alicia investigates and finally confronts Nash with the unopened documents he had delivered to the secret mailbox. Nash is given a course of insulin shock therapy and eventually released. Frustrated with the side-effects of the antipsychotic medication he is taking, he secretly stops taking it. But this causes a relapse and he meets Parcher again. After an incident where Nash endangers his infant son and accidentally knocks Alicia and the baby to the ground , she flees the house in fear with their child. Nash steps in front of her car to prevent her from leaving. He tells Alicia, "She never gets old", referring to Marcee, who although years have passed since their first encounter, has remained exactly the same age and is still a little girl. With this, he finally accepts that although all three people seem real, they are in fact part of his hallucinations. Against Dr. Rosen\'s advice, Nash decides not to restart his medication, believing that he can deal with his symptoms in another way. Alicia decides to stay and support him in this. Nash approaches his old friend and rival, Martin Hansen, now head of the Princeton mathematics department, who grants him permission to work out of the library and audit classes. Years pass and as Nash grows older he learns to ignore his hallucinations. Eventually he earns the privilege of teaching again. In 1994, Nash is honored by his fellow professors for his achievement in mathematics, and goes on to win the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economics for his revolutionary work on game theory. The movie ends as Nash and Alicia leave the auditorium in Stockholm; Nash sees Charles, Marcee, and Parcher standing to one side and watching him.'] ["Stu Shepard  is an arrogant and cocky married New York City publicist who has been seeing a woman named Pam  behind his wife Kelly's  back. He uses the last remaining public phone booth in the city to contact Pam. During the call, he is interrupted by a pizza delivery man, who attempts to deliver a free pizza to him, but Stu turns him away. As soon as Stu completes his call to Pam, the phone rings. Stu answers, to find that the caller, who knows his name, warns him not to leave the booth, and says he will say hello to Pam for him. He also says he will call Kelly, leaving Stu panicked. The caller tells Stu that he has tested two previous individuals who have done wrong deeds in a similar manner , giving each a chance to reveal the truth to those they wronged, but in both cases, neither agreed and were killed. To demonstrate the threat, the caller fires a silenced sniper rifle at a toy sold by a nearby vendor; the damage is unseen by anyone but Stu and the caller himself. The caller demands that Stu confess his infidelity to both Kelly and Pam to avoid being killed. The caller contacts Pam, and puts her on line with Stu, who reveals that he is married. The caller then hangs up, telling Stu to call Kelly himself. As Stu hesitates, the booth is approached by three prostitutes demanding to use the phone. Stu refuses to leave, having been warned by the caller not to make a public disturbance. Leon , the prostitutes' pimp, joins his charges, and starts to smash the side of the booth. The caller offers Stu to kill Leon for him, and Stu agrees. Leon is shot and killed, causing a panic in the streets. Soon, police and newscrews arrive to cover the story.   Police Captain Ed Ramey , already suspecting Stu of being the killer, corners the streets with police roadblocks and starts trying to negotiate with him to leave the booth, but Stu rejects, telling the caller that there is no way they can incriminate him; the caller proves him wrong, pointing to a handgun that was planted in the roof of the phone booth. Both Kelly and Pam soon arrive on the scene. The caller demands Stu tell Kelly the truth, which he does. The caller then orders Stu to choose between Kelly and Pam, and the woman he does not choose will be killed. While on the phone with the caller, Stu secretly uses his cell phone to call Kelly, allowing her to overhear his conversation with the caller. She, in turn, quietly informs Captain Ramey of this. Meanwhile, Stu continues to confess to everyone that his whole life is a lie, to make himself look more important than he really is. Stu's confession provides sufficient distraction to allow the police to trace the payphone call to a nearby building, and Ramey uses coded messages to inform Stu of this. Stu warns the caller that the police are on the way, and the caller replies that if he is caught, then he will kill Kelly. Panicked, Stu grabs the handgun and leaves the booth, screaming for the sniper to kill him instead of Kelly or Pam. The police fire upon Stu, while a smaller force breaks into the room that the caller was tracked to, only to find the gun and a man's corpse. Stu regains consciousness to find the police only fired rubber bullets at him, stunning but not harming him. Stu and Kelly happily reunite. As the police bring down the body, Stu identifies it as the pizza delivery man from earlier. Stu gets medical treatment at a local ambulance; as he does, a man with a briefcase  passes by and says that he regrets killing the pizza deliverer and warns Stu that if his newfound honesty does not last, he will be hearing from him again. The man disappears into the crowd before Stu realizes he was the caller on the other end of the phone."] ['The film is set in Paterson, New Jersey in the early 1960s. Catherine Spages ([[Linda Miller  is visiting Father Tom  with her two daughters, who both attend St. Michael\'s Parish Girls\' School: 9-year-old Karen  and 12-year-old Alice . Karen is preparing for her First Communion and Father Tom gives her his mother\'s crucifix as a gift. A jealous Alice puts on a creepy, translucent grinning mask, frightening Mrs. Tredoni , Father Tom\'s housekeeper. Later, Alice steals Karen\'s porcelain doll and lures her into an abandoned building with it. She jumps out and scares Karen with the grinning mask and locks her in a room. When she lets her out she tells her that if anyone finds out, she\'ll never see the doll again. On the day of the First Communion, Karen is attacked and strangled to death, by a person in a translucent mask and yellow raincoat, in a back room as the children enter the front of the church. Her body is dragged away by her right arm and dumped into a bench compartment, which is set on fire with a candle, but not before ripping the crucifix from her neck. Smoke begins to fill the church. Meanwhile, Alice enters the church, carrying her shiny yellow raincoat. She kneels in Karen\'s place to receive communion when a scream is heard. A curious nun had entered the back room where the confessionals are located, and found Karen\'s body. People run in, horrified. Catherine is inconsolable. After Karen\'s funeral, Catherine\'s ex-husband Dominick "Dom" Spages  arrives in town to help track down the killer. Catherine\'s sister, Annie DeLorenze , moves in to help Catherine through her grief, but it is soon evident that Alice and Annie despise each other. Catherine tells Alice to deliver a rent cheque to their landlord, Mr. Alphonso . After he fondles and tries to molest her, Alice kills one of his many cats and goes down to the basement, where she lights a candle and puts on her grinning mask. Descending the stairs to go shopping, Annie is viciously attacked; a raincoated figure in a grinning mask stabs her in the knee, foot, and thigh. At the hospital, Annie cries to her husband Jim  that Alice tried to kill her. Catherine says that Annie is only accusing Alice of murdering Karen to divert attention from her own daughter Angela , who was absent at the time of the murder, but Alice is sent to a mental institution for evaluation. At the hospital with Father Tom, Dom receives a phone call from Angela saying that she has Karen\'s crucifix and is in hiding. They agree to meet at an abandoned building. Dom follows the killer inside and up the stairs where the killer stabs him in the shoulder and he is knocked out by a brick and tied up. Dom awakens and sees that the killer is in fact Mrs. Tredoni. She killed Karen because she believes that "children pay for the sins of the parents." She reveals that she stabbed Annie by mistake, thinking it was Catherine, whom she considers a whore. She calls Dom and Catherine sinners because they had premarital sex. After Dom bites the crucifix off her neck, Mrs. Tredoni beats him with a rock and pushes him out of the window. After a pathologist , analyzes Dom\'s corpse, the crucifix is found and Alice is released. When Catherine and Alice go to church Mrs. Tredoni sneaks into the apartment building. As Mrs. Tredoni bangs on his apartment door, Mr. Alphonso wakes up screaming . He spots Mrs. Tredoni and mistakes her for Alice. She stabs him twice and runs downstairs. However, a policeman witnesses her running out of the back entrance without the mask on. Mrs. Tredoni goes to church, where the police are stationed outside. Father Tom denies her communion. Mrs. Tredoni points at Catherine, screams that he gave communion to a whore, and violently stabs Father Tom in the neck as the police rush in. The final shot features Alice walking out of the church with Mrs. Tredoni\'s shopping bag, looking at the bloodstained butcher knife, and glaring at the camera.'] ["{{Expand section}} A woman realizes that she is being watched in her apartment by someone. That person makes threatening calls to her. She reports it to the police, who don't take her seriously, so she decides to take action on her own."] ["The film begins with a young woman being attacked by Deathmask and Hideous Dancer, and her blood being drained. This appears to have no real bearing on the rest of the film. Cassie and Sean, as well as ex-boyfriend Matt and good friend Annabel, decide to go for one last bash before they start at university. The four go to a club situated in an old church, where instead of one's hand being stamped, it is branded. While at the club, Cassie sees two strange figures: a man with a clear, plastic mask  and an imposing man with a scarred face . Deathmask tries to grab her on the dance floor, and she pushes him away and steps outside the club with Sean. In the parking lot, Matt eavesdrops on their conversation. Sean confesses his love for Cassie, who claims she feels the same way, but seems unable to say the words 'I love you' in return. Sean returns to the club to find Annabel, and Matt convinces Cassie to give him a last 'goodbye' kiss. Sean sees this, and reacts badly to it, giving Cassie the silent treatment as they drive away. While he ignores her attempts to explain, Cassie, who is behind the wheel, continually looks away from the road. Eventually, the car crashes, and Cassie's next memory is of being rushed to the hospital. Matt and Annabel are unharmed, but Sean has been killed on impact. During the school term that follows, Cassie has several visions of Sean, as though he isn't really dead. Matt is constantly in her company, and sometimes she mistakes him for Sean. Cassie also has numerous visions of Deathmask and Hideous Dancer, even to the point of seeing Matt and Annabel in their company. On several occasions, she believes she is being chased by the two men, although Annabel and Matt assure her that the incidents are all in her mind. While Deathmask chases her through the campus, Cassie faints, and is rescued by Father Jude, a young priest . Father Jude is sympathetic to her fears, and offers to listen if she ever needs someone to talk to. In an effort to cheer her up, Matt signs Cassie up for a swimming competition. Annabel is constantly trying to get Cassie to leave her dorm room -- specifically, to go dancing at the club. In an aborted effort to drag her along, Annabel introduces Cassie to an androgynous creature named Raven, who seems to have some kind of precognitive powers. Raven claims that Cassie is in the 'wrong place', and that she belongs 'with Sean'. A few nights later, after being chased again, Cassie knocks at the church door, and Father Jude gives her sanctuary. He gives her an amulet depicting St Jude, and encourages her to stay strong, then allows her to sleep in his small room in the church. Upon awakening that morning, Cassie sees that the calendar in the room reads 1981. She enters the office of the attending priest and asks to speak to Father Jude. The attending priest says that Father Jude died in 1981. After the swim competition, which Cassie wins, she is chased through the women's locker room and university pool by Deathmask. Defending herself with the tube of a florescent lamp, she ends up stabbing him in the stomach with it. They fall into the pool, and Cassie flees. She runs into Matt, who claims that there is no one in the pool; indeed, when the two return to the pool, there is no body in the water. Even though she believes that Matt and Annabel are conspiring against her with Deathmask and Hideous Dancer, Cassie requests that Matt take her home to her mother. Matt instead drives Cassie to the club, saying that he wishes to pick up Annabel. Cassie follows him into the club, but gets lost, eventually finding Annabel and Raven in a bathroom. When Raven tells her to leave -- or die -- Cassie makes her way back to the parking lot. In the car with Matt, he drunkenly insists on another 'goodbye forever' kiss. Cassie hits him with a bottle and pushes him out of the car, then drives away. In a scene much like the original car accident, Cassie wrecks the car. She again comes to in the hospital. On a gurney next to her is Raven, who speaks a few words of comfort before dying. Cassie also appears to die, and a priest arrives to perform the Last Rites. Father Jude arrives and takes Cassie's hand, asking if she would be willing to die in order to save Sean's life. Cassie says she would. He then asks her if she would be willing to live for him. Cassie says that she doesn't want to die. After a nightmarish dream, in which Deathmask and Hideous Dancer strangle her with her St Jude medallion, Cassie awakens. The entire film has been a sort of coma-dream: in the original accident, Cassie and Sean survived, while Matt and Annabel were killed. The occupants of the other car -- Raven, Deathmask, and Hideous Dancer -- were also fatally injured. Cassie spent the course of the film in a half-dead, half-living state, wherein those who were killed in the accident attempted to keep her with them. Father Jude, and Cassie's visions of Sean, were what brought her back to life."] ['Frustrated thriller writer Edmond Bancroft  owns a private "black museum" of torture instruments. He hypnotizes his assistant Rick  to commit increasingly horrific crimes for Bancroft to write about.'] ['The film noir concerns a doctor at a Canadian hospital in the province of Quebec, Canada who receives a series of poison pen letters. Later, more letters all signed with the mysterious pseudonym "Raven," are delivered to others in the small Canadian town. The wife of the doctor receives a letter accusing her of having an affair. One letter informs a shell-shocked veteran that he is dying of cancer, causing the distraught man to commit suicide. Quickly, the townsfolk begin pointing fingers at all possible suspects.'] ["{{quote}} The film opens with Shakespeare's proverb, and words on the screen announcing that its purpose is to highlight the virtues of psychoanalysis in banishing mental illness and restoring reason. Dr. Constance Petersen  is a psychoanalyst at Green Manors, a mental hospital in Vermont, and is perceived by the other  doctors as detached and emotionless. The director of the hospital, Dr. Murchison , is being forced into retirement, shortly after returning from an absence due to nervous exhaustion. His replacement is the much younger Dr. Anthony Edwardes . Dr. Petersen notices that there is something strange about Dr. Edwardes. He has a peculiar phobia about seeing sets of parallel lines against a white background, first displayed in an inappropriate reaction to seeing a diagram drawn with the tines of a fork on a tablecloth. Dr. Petersen soon realizes, by comparing handwriting, that this man is an impostor and not the real Dr. Edwardes. He confides to her that he killed Dr. Edwardes and took his place. He suffers from massive amnesia and does not know who he is. Dr. Petersen believes that he is innocent and suffering from a Guilt Complex. 'Dr. Edwardes' disappears during the night, having left a note for Dr. Petersen that he is going to the Empire State Hotel in New York City. It becomes public knowledge that 'Dr. Edwardes' is an impostor, and that the real Dr. Edwardes is missing and may have been murdered. Dr. Petersen goes to the Empire State Hotel, knowing that the police are in pursuit. She needs to use her psychoanalytic skills to unlock his amnesia and find out what had really happened. One of Hitchcock's characteristic innocent-person-pursued-by-the-police evasions ensues, as Dr. Petersen and the impostor  travel by train to Rochester, to meet Dr. Brulov , who had been Dr. Petersen's teacher and mentor. The two doctors analyze a dream that 'John Brown' had. The dream sequence  is full of psychoanalytic symbols&mdash;eyes, curtains, scissors, playing cards , a man with no face, a man falling off a building, a man hiding behind a chimney dropping a wheel, and wings. They deduce that Brown and Edwardes had been on a ski trip together  and that Edwardes had somehow died there. Dr. Petersen and Brown go to the Gabriel Valley ski resort  to reenact the event and unlock his repressed memories. Near the bottom of the hill, Brown's memory suddenly returns. He recalls that there is a precipice in front of them, over which Edwardes had fallen to his death. He stops them just in time. He also remembers a traumatic event from his childhood&mdash;he slid down a hand rail and accidentally knocked his brother onto sharp pointed railings, killing him. This incident had caused him to develop amnesia and a generalized guilt complex. He also remembers that his real name is John Ballantyne. All is understood now, and Ballantyne is about to be exonerated, when it is discovered that Edwardes had a bullet in his body. Ballantyne is convicted of murder and sent to prison. A heartbroken Dr. Petersen returns to her position at the hospital, where Dr. Murchison is once again the director. After reconsidering her notes from the dream, she realizes that the 'wheel' was a revolver and that the man hiding behind the chimney and dropping the wheel was Dr. Murchison hiding behind a tree, shooting Dr. Edwardes and dropping the gun. She confronts Murchison with this and he confesses, but says that he didn't drop the gun; he still has it. He pulls it out of his desk and threatens to shoot her. She walks away, the gun still pointed at her, and explains that while the first murder carried extenuating circumstances of his own mental state, murdering her as well surely would result in the electric chair. He allows her to leave and turns the gun on himself. Dr. Petersen is then reunited with Ballantyne."] ['Sam Cahill  and Tommy Cahill  are brothers. A Marine captain about to embark on his fourth tour of duty, Sam is a steadfast family man married to his high school sweetheart, Grace , with whom he has two young daughters, Isabelle and Maggie . The film opens with Tommy being released from jail for armed robbery, not long before Sam departs for Afghanistan in October, 2007. Soon news comes that Sam\'s helicopter has crashed over the water, killing all of the Marines aboard. In reality, he and a hometown friend, Private Joe Willis , have been taken prisoner in a mountain village. With Sam "gone", Tommy attempts to redeem himself in the eyes of his family by wrangling old friends to help with kitchen repairs for Grace and the kids. Grace slowly sheds her previous resentment towards her brother-in-law. As months pass, Grace and Tommy bond over their mutual mourning, culminating in a passionate fireside kiss. They regret it afterward, and do not take this attraction any further, though Tommy continues to win the favor of his nieces. Meanwhile, Sam and Joe are abused and tortured by terrorists, forced to make videotaped dismissals of the military and their mission, though only Joe cracks. The captors eventually deem him useless and force Sam, at gunpoint, to beat Joe to death with a lead pipe. He does so and reacts angrily. Sometime later, Sam is rescued. Sam returns home, clearly traumatized by his experience. He drifts through encounters in a cold, paranoid daze, refuses to explain to his family what happened while he was in Afghanistan, and lies to Joe\'s widow that he does not know how Joe died. He also believes Tommy and Grace had a sexual relationship in his absence. During Maggie\'s birthday party, a resentful and jealous Isabelle claims that Sam\'s paranoid assumptions are true: that Tommy and Grace slept together. Sam becomes enraged, destroying the newly remodeled kitchen with a crow bar and pulling a pistol on Tommy who arrives and tries to calm his brother\'s violent breakdown. The police arrive, and after a frantic confrontation in which Sam holds the gun up against his head and nearly commits suicide, Sam surrenders. Sam is admitted to a mental hospital. Grace visits him and tells him that if he does not tell her what is tormenting him, he will lose her forever. Faced with this decision, Sam finally opens up about the source of his pain, confiding in her that he killed Joe and they embrace. A letter between husband and wife is read in voice over, with Sam wondering if he will be able to continue living a normal life.'] ['Dr. Wrenn ([[David Warner  visits John Trent , a patient in a psychiatric hospital, and asks Trent to recount his story: After exposing an arson-fraud scam, Trent, an insurance investigator, has lunch with a colleague who preps him on his next assignment, investigating a claim made by New York-based Arcane Publishing. During their conversation, Trent is attacked by a man wielding an axe who asks him, "Do you read Sutter Cane?" The man is shot dead by a police officer before he can harm Trent. Trent later meets with Arcane Publishing director Jackson Harglow  who tasks him with investigating the disappearance of popular horror novelist Sutter Cane . Cane vanished days before his latest book was released, and Harglow requests that Trent recover the manuscript for Cane\'s final novel of his popular series. He assigns Cane\'s editor, Linda Styles , to accompany him—Cane\'s agent will be of no help as he was the man with the axe who tried to kill Trent earlier. After reading several of Cane\'s novels for research, Trent experiences vivid nightmares of monsters and deformed people murdering each other with axes. Linda explains the stories are known to cause disorientation, memory loss, and paranoia in "less stable readers." Trent remains skeptical, convinced that the disappearance is merely an elaborate publicity stunt. Trent notices a series of red lines on Cane\'s book\'s covers that, when aligned properly, form the outline of New Hampshire and mark a location alluded to be Hobb\'s End, the fictional setting for many of Cane\'s works. As they set out to find the town, Linda experiences bizarre phenomena during the late-night drive: a boy riding a bicycle whose visage changes as she somehow passes him three times, the yellow road lines vanishing followed by the road itself disappearing, the car driving above thunderhead storm clouds, entering a rustic covered bridge in darkness and inexplicably arriving on the other side at Hobb\'s End in daylight. Trent and Linda search the small town and begin encountering fictional people and landmarks described in Cane\'s novel, including Mrs. Pickman , whose hotel they check into, and the Black Church, described in Cane\'s books as a fount of evil that pollutes the entire town. Trent and Linda watch as a group of townspeople arrive at the Black Church wielding shotguns and torches, demanding Cane return a missing child. Johnny, the son of one of men of the group, suddenly appears in the doorway to the Church, supplanted by Cane himself. The townspeople are then set upon by dogs and driven off. Trent believes the events to be staged, but Linda does not. She admits to Trent that Arcane Publishing\'s claim was indeed a fraud and a stunt to promote Cane\'s book. However, the unusual events and exact replica of Hobb\'s End were never part of the plan. Trent prepares to go back to report to Harglow, but is prevented when Linda steals the car keys. She heads to the Black Church to confront Cane, and is exposed to his final novel, In The Mouth Of Madness, driving her insane. Trent is approached at a bar by Johnny\'s father who warns him to leave before the evil infects him as it has the inhabitants of Hobb\'s End. Trent later returns to the bar and witnesses the man commit suicide with a shotgun as he proclaims to merely be a character written to do it. Outside the bar, a mob of mutated, monstrous-looking townspeople descend upon him with shotguns and torches. He flees to the hotel and discovers that Mrs. Pickman  and Linda have also been altered into mutated versions of their former selves. Trent attempts to drive away from Hobb\'s End but is repeatedly teleported back to the center of town, subsequently crashing while swerving to avoid hitting Linda. He awakens in a confessional where Cane explains that the popularity of his eldritch stories have created a sufficient amount of belief to free an ancient race of monstrous beings that will reclaim the Earth. Cane further reveals that Trent himself is merely a character and has no choice but to return the manuscript of In The Mouth Of Madness to Arcane Publishing, ushering the end of humanity. After giving Trent the manuscript, Cane tears his face open like a piece of paper, ripping a hole that leads into darkness and creating a portal to the dimension of Cane\'s monstrous masters. Trent flees down a long tunnel as monsters chase him and he suddenly finds himself lying on a country road, apparently back in reality. During his return to New York, Trent destroys the manuscript, but it somehow is redelivered to him, prompting Trent to destroy it again and again. Back at Arcane Publishing, Trent relates his experience to Harglow and explains why he has no manuscript to return. Harglow informs him that Linda never existed; Trent was sent alone to find Cane. What is more, Trent himself had delivered the manuscript to Harglow months ago. In The Mouth Of Madness has been on sale for weeks with a movie adaptation set to release soon. Trent suffers a psychotic break and is arrested after he murders a reader of the newly released novel with an axe, asking him "Do you like the book?" Dr. Wrenn, after listening to Trent recount his story, concludes that Trent\'s story answers nothing and leaves. That night, amidst a thunderstorm, Trent sees disturbing shadows flicker on the wall and hears human and inhuman screams echo throughout the hospital. Trent wakes the following day to find his cell door torn from its hinges and the residents of the hospital slaughtered. He departs as an abandoned ambulance\'s radio announces that the world has been overrun with mutant creatures and outbreaks of suicide and mass murder. Trent goes to see the In the Mouth of Madness metafilm only to discover that he is the \'star\' of the film. As he watches his previous actions play out on screen, Trent bursts into hysterical laughter/crying, leaving the exact nature of reality uncertain.'] ["In 1944, soon after the Soviet Red Army had liberated Lithuania from the Nazi forces, the Nazis launch a counter-assault. During this time, a family from an aristocratic background, consisting of eight-year-old Hannibal Lecter, his younger sister, Mischa, and their parents, quickly escape to the family's hunting lodge. After the Nazis take over at Lecter Castle, six Lithuanian militiamen, who want to join the Waffen-SS, are told to prove their worth. Grutas orders them to kill the Lecters' Jewish cook. They also threaten another servant of the Lecter household, asking him if he was a Gypsy or a Jew. As this happens, the Soviet Red Army begins launching attacks to retake the area. A Soviet tank crew stops at the Lecters' lodge, telling the Lecters to leave the house while they get some water. The Soviet soldiers allow Hannibal and Mischa to stay within the lodge, where it is warmer. The Soviet tank is then spotted by a German Stuka bomber, which sparks a firefight. The bomber is shot down by the tank, but subsequently crashes into it, and the ensuing explosion kills everyone still alive, except Hannibal and Mischa, who had remained inside the lodge. The Lithuanian militiamen then loot Lecter Castle as the Soviet Red Army draws nearer. The Soviet advance forces the Nazi militiamen to hide out in the woods, where they locate the Lecter lodge. Finding no other food in the bitterly cold Baltic winter, they murder and cannibalize Mischa in front of her brother, who escapes and is found by Soviet soldiers. Eight years later, Lecter once again lives in Lecter Castle, which has been turned into a Soviet-run orphanage. He has been rendered mute by his childhood trauma. Lecter escapes the castle orphanage, gets through border controls, and goes to live in Paris with his aunt, the Lady Murasaki. She gets him to speak and begins teaching him the arts of flower arrangement, martial arts, and ancestor worship. At a local market, a butcher and former Vichy collaborator, makes anti-Japanese racist remarks about Lady Murasaki. The butcher later goes fishing and is defiant when Lecter turns up to request an apology. Lecter slices the butcher's stomach, arm, and back with a katana samurai sword, and then decapitates him.  That same evening, he is questioned about the butcher's murder by Inspector Popil, a French detective who also lost his family during the war. While her protege is being interrogated, Lady Murasaki places the butcher's head outside the headquarters with a Swastika carved into his forehead. Lecter soon becomes the youngest person ever admitted to medical school in France. He receives a working scholarship, where he is given a job preparing cadavers. One day, Lecter witnesses a condemned war criminal receiving a sodium thiopental injection to force him to recall details about his crimes. In an attempt to recall the names of those responsible for his sister's death, Lecter injects himself with the solution while listening to Glenn Gould's recording of the Goldberg Variations. His subsequent flashback reveals that Pot Watcher had the dog tags of the other men who killed Mischa, and was then killed as the advancing Soviet forces bombed a part of the lodge. Lecter reasons that the dog tags should still be in the ruins of the lodge. Lecter returns to Lithuania in search of the dog tags, as well as his sister's remains. While crossing the Soviet border, he draws the attention of Dortlich, who is now a Soviet border patrol officer. Lecter excavates the ruins of the lodge and unearths the dog tags of the deserters who murdered his sister. Dortlich tries to kill him, but Lecter gets the upper hand and incapacitates him. After he buries Mischa's remains, Lecter tortures Dortlich into revealing the whereabouts of his accomplices. He then decapitates Dortlich with a horse-drawn pulley. At a restaurant in Fontainebleau, Lecter finds Kolnas's young daughter, whom he notices is wearing Mischa's bracelet. He then gives her Kolnas's dog tag. Kolnas enters the restaurant, but Lady Murasaki persuades Lecter not to kill him, for the sake of Kolnas's children. Dortlich's murder, along with Kolnas' dog tag, puts the rest of the group on alert. Grutas, now a sex trafficker, dispatches a second member of the group, Zigmas Milko, to kill Lecter. Milko sneaks into Lecter's laboratory at night with a gun, but Lecter senses his presence and knocks him out with an injection. Just as detective Popil is entering the lab, Lecter locks Milko in the cadaver tank and leaves him to drown in the embalming fluid. Popil questions Lecter about Dortlich's murder, but is again unable to establish Lecter's guilt. Popil then tries to dissuade him from hunting the gang and offers to let him go free if he helps locate Grutas. After Lecter leaves, Popil remarks to his assistant that Lecter lost all of his humanity when Mischa died. Lady Murasaki begs him to stop, but Lecter says that he made a promise to Mischa. He plants a time bomb in Grutas' home and attacks him in the bath. A maid alerts Grutas' bodyguards, but just as they are about to kill him, Lecter's bomb goes off and he escapes. Grutas kidnaps Lady Murasaki to use her as bait. Lecter recognizes the sounds of Kolnas' ortolans from his restaurant in the background. Lecter goes there and threatens Kolnas' children, forcing him to give up the location of Grutas' boat. Lecter then says he will leave Kolnas alone for the sake of his family. Kolnas goes for the gun anyway, so Lecter impales him through the head with his tantō. Lecter goes to the houseboat. Just as he is about to untie Lady Murasaki, Grutas shoots him in the back. Grutas then proceeds to molest Lady Murasaki. Lecter takes out the tantō, which was broken by the force of the bullet, and slashes Grutas' Achilles tendons with it, crippling him. Grutas claims that Lecter too had consumed his sister in broth fed to him by the deserters, and he was killing them to keep this fact secret. An enraged Lecter carves his sister's initial, M, into Grutas's chest. Lady Murasaki flees in horror. Lecter proceeds by biting off Grutas' cheeks. The houseboat is then incinerated, but Lecter, assumed to be dead, emerges from the nearby woods on the shore. Lecter hunts down the last member of the group, Grentz, in Canada. After killing him, Lecter moves to the United States to begin a new life, having been accepted to Johns Hopkins Medical School in Baltimore."] ["James McGregor receives a fax of a stranger's obituary. The next day, he is arrested and charged with the stranger's murder."] ['A troubled police detective Huang Huo-tu suffers from a severe mental breakdown as his life is falling apart. He is relegated to a mundane job as a Foreign Affairs Officer as a payback for blowing the whistle on corruption in the force. His young daughter is suffering from the fallout of being held hostage in a police crossfire. His colleagues have turned on him and his wife Ching-fang is filing for divorce. Huang is a Waisheng ren  in Taiwan and speaks with heavy Cantonese accent. He is also able to speak English and Tagalog. Suddenly, a series of bizarre deaths in Taipei baffle local investigators. A Catholic priest of foreign nationality also suffered a horrible death of disembowelment. The priest is involved in Taiwan-US military trade, so a FBI agent Kevin Richter is called in to help and Huang is called in for liasoning. Kevin is the topmost serial killer expert in the field, before being called to Taiwan, Kevin was puzzled by another series of murders in US, in which all victims look willing to die. The crime scenes imply involvement of supernatural force. In one case a businessman froze to death in his office - in the middle of a heatwave; the mistress of a prominent official calls the fire department and is later found burned to death - with no sign of fire in her apartment. Richter partners Huang who has less trouble believing that something supernatural is behind them, and on that angle he persuades him to investigate a local cult. After consulting a scholar in Academia Sinica, Huang and Kevin find the serial killing follows a Taoist belief that one must fullfill five suffering required to become a Xian, an immortal being. According to legends, the one who can succeed the five rituals is born with double pupil. They also find that all victims have done something against their conscience, and that a kind of fungus was used to induce hallucination, pleasure and guilt which make victims kill themselves. An advanced technology was used to spread the fungus, and the Police trace this technology to two boss of an electronics company. The two boss has spent their fortune and technology to move a Taoist temple into their company, where many cult believers gather. The police enter the temple, but the die heart believers begin a ritualistic massacre which kills almost all police and believers. After the massacre Kevin and Huang find a seemingly innocent girl survivor, and the case seems to close. However the next day Huang finds Kevin dead from swallowing his tongue, which is the fifth suffering required. Huang find that both him and Kevin are infected with the fungus by the girl. Huang begins to hallucinate with the guilt he holds toward his wife and daughter, and returns to the temple to confront the girl survivor, who is the mastermind the believers followed. The girl is born with double pupil in her eye and believes that by having Huang kill her she can complete the fifth requirement and become immortal. Huang kills the girl and is overwhelmed by hallucination and guilts, but in the end he is allowed to return to his wife and child. The film ends with a Buddhist Gatha, which the late and DVD version is "因愛生憂,因愛生懼,若遠離愛者,無憂亦無懼。" but the first screened version with less violence scenes is "love is immortal"'] ['In a brief prologue set in 1947, Elizabeth Short  is murdered by an unseen assailant. In present-day Los Angeles, a "copycat" serial killer is dumping partially mutilated female bodies in an emulation of Elizabeth Short\'s murderer. Women answering an ad for a movie audition are systematically killed by Satan worshippers. One of the cops becomes obsessed with the story of Elizabeth Short, looks up the original 40s murder online, and dreams about it. Eventually, he comes face-to-face with the killers.Ulli Lommel\'s Black Dahlia amazon.com synopsis The film showcases four violent death sequences. The actresses whose characters are brutally killed are, in order of appearance, Lorielle New, Laura Leigh Hofrichter , Crystal Nelson, and Jana Laurin.'] ["Robert Forrester is going through a painful divorce from his wife Nickie. He begins spying on Jenny Thierolf, a girl living in the countryside, because to him she represents a state of harmony, a stark contrast to his own personal life. Jenny catches him one night, but instead of being upset, she invites him in and they talk. Jenny ends her relationship with her fiancé Greg, believing her chance meeting with Robert was an act of fate. Jenny's friends, who are still sympathetic towards Greg, disapprove of her choice. Jenny starts stalking Robert: She waits for him outside of his office, calls him late at night, and tries to sleep over at his house. He resists her advances, and tells Jenny that he has received a promotion at work and will be moving away to Philadelphia, making any relationship between them impossible. Jenny offers to come with him to Philadelphia, but he declines. Later, when Robert is driving home on a lonely country road, Greg stops his car and attacks him. Though hurt by the younger and stronger Greg, Robert manages to knock Greg unconscious and into a river. He drags Greg out of the river and leaves him on the bank. Shortly thereafter, the police question Robert because Greg is missing. He admits that they fought and that he left the unconscious Greg near the river. The police speculate that Greg might be dead , either by accident or because Robert killed him. When Robert's employer learns he is a police suspect, he loses the promotion in Philadelphia and is suspended. Also, a colleague and former friend dissociates himself from Robert. He is attacked by Greg's father, who thinks Robert murdered his son. Drifting and aimless, Robert continues his uneasy relationship with Jenny, who has become convinced that he may have a bad omen over him . Jenny goes to visit Robert's ex-wife Nickie, who says she left him because he seemed like bad luck. A corpse is found in the river, and although it is in such a bad state that it is almost unidentifiable, the police believe it to be Greg's. Jenny then commits suicide, leaving a note that she and Robert had met after he stalked Jenny. Now totally alone, Robert is befriended by the widower who lives next door to him. One night, Greg appears outside of the widower's house and fires a gun, seriously wounding the widower but only clipping Robert. The police place Robert in protective custody, who is again threatened by Greg. Soon after, Robert is informed that Greg has been picked up by the police, and that it was Nickie who paid Greg to pretend to be dead to get him in trouble. When Robert drives to Jenny's house, he is met by Nickie and Greg. Nickie tries to persuade Robert to tell the police that she had nothing to do with setting him up, and warns him of an enraged and drunken Greg. Making matters worse, Greg's father calls to tell him that the widower he shot has died from his wounds, making Greg a murderer. Greg attacks Robert with a knife; in the subsequent fight, Greg is knocked unconscious, but Nickie is fatally injured. Robert is again left as a suspect in an apparent crime scene. The final shot shows Robert looking out Jenny's window, reminiscent of his view on the house in the opening shots."] ["Ann Hamilton  is a middle-aged bride who begins to suspect that her charming husband Alan Garroway  plans to murder her. Nor can she ignore the shadow of her brother-in-law Michael Garroway , whom she's never met but has been told so much about."] ['Carter Hayes  is in bed with a woman, Ann Miller  when he is suddenly attacked and beaten by two men. After the men have left, Hayes tells Ann, "The worst is over". The scene shifts to San Francisco, where an unmarried couple, Drake Goodman  and Patty Powers  purchase an expensive 19th-century polychrome house in the exclusive Pacific Heights neighborhood. They rent one of the building\'s two first-floor apartments to the Watanabes, a kindly Japanese couple who have no children. Not long after, Hayes visits to view the remaining vacant unit and immediately expresses a desire to move in. Hayes drives an expensive Porsche and carries large amounts of cash on his person, but is reluctant to undergo a credit check. He convinces Drake to waive the credit check in exchange for a list of personal references and an upfront payment of the first six months\' rent, to be paid by wire transfer. Before any of this money is paid, however, Hayes arrives unannounced one morning and shuts himself into the apartment. As days pass, Drake and Patty grow increasingly impatient when Hayes\' wire transfer fails to materialize. From inside the apartment, sounds of loud hammering and drilling are heard at all hours of the day and night, however the door is seldom answered. When Drake finally makes an attempt to enter Hayes\' apartment, he finds that the locks have been changed. Drake attempts to put an end to the constant noise and drive out Hayes by cutting the electricity and heat to the apartment, but Hayes summons the police, who side with Hayes and warn Drake that his actions are unlawful and could result in a civil suit. Drake and Patty hire a lawyer, Stephanie MacDonald , however the case to evict Hayes is thwarted by Drake\'s earlier attempt to disconnect the utilities. Hayes, safe from eviction for the time being, deliberately infests the house with cockroaches, which prompts the Watanabes to move out and pushes Drake and Patty further into debt. The heavy stress takes its toll on the couple; Drake is driven to alcoholism and Patty has a miscarriage. Hayes visits the couple to offer his condolences, but an infuriated Drake attacks him and is arrested by the police, whom Hayes had already called to the scene in anticipation of an assault. The assault allows Hayes to file a civil lawsuit against Drake and assume control of Drake\'s possessions and identity . Hayes also files a restraining order, which forces Drake from the building. Once Drake is gone, Hayes begins stalking and harassing Patty, in a ploy to lure Drake back to the building in violation of the restraining order. The ploy succeeds, as Drake becomes increasingly leery and enters the building one night to check on Patty. Hayes confronts Drake in the hallway and shoots him, then plants a crowbar at the scene to prevent any criminal charges. While Drake is recuperating in the hospital, the eviction is finally handed down and authorities force entry into Hayes\' apartment. By this time however, Hayes has vanished without a trace, and the apartment has been completely destroyed and stripped bare of all its appliances, light fixtures, wood paneling and even the toilet. Some days later, while cleaning out the apartment, Patty finds an important clue: an old photograph of Hayes as a young boy. Written on the back of the photograph is the name "James Danforth", which Patty correctly surmises is Hayes\' real name. She phones Bennett Fidlow , the Texas attorney whom Danforth had provided as a reference when he first moved in . Fidlow confides to her that Danforth has a long history of wrongdoing and has been disowned by his family. Patty travels to Danforth\'s last-known address, a condominium in Desert Spring. There she finds Ann, his girlfriend and previous co-conspirator who had earlier come looking for him in San Francisco. Ann tells Patty that Carter Hayes is the name of the property\'s former landlord, and that Danforth assumed Hayes\' identity and took possession of the condominium after Hayes hired two thugs to carry out the assault shown in the film\'s opening scene. Ann also shows Patty a postcard from Danforth, written on the letterhead of a hotel in Century City, which had arrived in the mail just the day before. Patty tracks down Danforth at the hotel, where he has checked in under Drake\'s name. Patty bluffs her way into his suite by posing as his wife, and while rummaging through his personal effects she discovers he is using legal and financial documents in Drake\'s name. She calls Drake and tells him to cancel all of his credit cards and freeze the couple\'s joint bank account. She then places an exorbitant order for room service, which leads to Danforth being arrested. Danforth is bailed out of prison by a wealthy widow, Florence Peters , whom he was apparently vetting to be his next victim. Once out on bail, Danforth returns to San Francisco to seek revenge against Patty and Drake. Upstairs, he bludgeons Drake with a golf club, then attacks Patty in the downstairs apartment where she is busy making repairs. A struggle ensues between Patty and Danforth, and a badly-wounded Drake makes his way into the crawl space between the basement and the first-floor apartment. He reaches through a hole in the floor and grabs Danforth by the ankle; Danforth loses his balance and is killed when he falls backward and is impaled by a rebar. Some weeks or months later, Patty and Drake have put their newly-repaired building up for sale and are seen showing the property to another couple. The story ends with the couple having a private discussion about making an offer of $850,000, which is $100,000 more than what Drake and Patty had originally paid for it.'] ["Single mother Jenny Graves  decides to restart her deadend life by moving out of Detroit and taking her two sons Green  and Jay  to small rural town in Alabama. Green is fan of horror films, more specifically the makeup effects used to bring them to life. He meets a pair of affable locals, Tony Bennet and Billy Martin . However, his mother's penchant for getting involved with the wrong type of men brings a very human monster into his life, Earl Knight . Taking some horror films back to the video store, he meets Angevin Duvet  who shares both his interest in the horror genre and fish-out-of-water status in the small town. Smart, funny and a sexy Goth girl he is instantly smitten. However, there are hints that there are some troubling aspects to her past. Green approaches the local business man, Tightwiler , who runs a yearly haunted house and by startling him with one of his creations nabs the job of creating this year's haunted house. With his share of the ticket sales, he and Angevin can move to Hollywood to pursue their dreams. However, this puts him on a direct collision course with Angenvin's mother, a deeply religious woman involved with local Holy Calling of the Southern Saints church."] [' In the year 2002, Evan Treborn  frequently suffers from blackouts, often at moments of high stress. As a young child  and adolescent , Evan suffered many severe sexual abuse and psychological traumas. These traumas include being forced to take part in child pornography, being strangled by his mentally-ill father, causing an accident with dynamite with his friends, and seeing his dog being burned by his friend. Seven years later, while "entertaining" a girl in his dorm room, he realizes that when he reads from his adolescent journals, he can travel back in time, and is able to "redo" parts of his past. His time traveling episodes account for the frequent blackouts he experienced as a child. However, there are consequences to his choices that propagate back to his present life, his alternate personal futures progress from college student, to prisoner, to amputee. His efforts are driven by the desire to undo the most unpleasant events of his childhood which coincide with his mysterious blackouts, including saving his childhood sweetheart Kayleigh  from being molested by her father  and tormented by her sadistic brother . The actions he takes, and enables others to take during his blackouts, change the timeline in the new future where he awakes. As he continues to do this he realizes that even though his intentions are good, his actions have unforeseen consequences. Moreover, the assimilation of dozens of years\' worth of new memories from the alternate timelines causes him brain damage and severe nosebleeds. Ultimately, he decides that his attempts to alter the past end up only harming those he cares about, and realizes that the main cause of everyone\'s suffering in all the different timelines is himself. At the conclusion of the film, Evan purposely travels back in time one final time to the first day he met Kayleigh. Before this, Evan learns that Kayleigh had a choice to either stay with her mom or her dad. Because she wanted to stay with Evan, she decided to stay with her dad, which caused all the problems in the first place. By scaring her away, Evan makes sure that she goes with her mom, thus allowing her to never be a part of his life. Through this, Evan finally succeeds in saving her life. He then destroys all of his journals and memories so that he is not ever tempted again to make any more changes. The film ends eight years in the future with Evan leaving an office building in Manhattan and passing Kayleigh on a crowded sidewalk. They alternately pause and turn after spotting and passing each other. After a moment of hesitation, Evan lets her walk away without speaking to her.'] ["Eric Seaver is a young man that was abused as a child. He has since grown up to become a serial killer with a steady job and a fiancé. As Eric's killings become more frequent, his stable life is threatened and his rage begins to take over any sanity he had left."] ["For the past 33 years Jeremiah Hill has lived alone, with no contact with the outside world, and he intends to keep it that way. Jeremiah's mother  had always warned him not to associate with the outside world, and her brutal rape and killing right before his eyes taught him a lesson he intends never to forget; and those who enter his world will pay a deadly price. As Lehman  and his five friends from Los Angeles start their weekend camping trip they run into Tyler Trout  and Floyd Fryed  who represent the gateway into this distorted world that they are about to enter. These things just don't happen in the small mountain town of Sheriff Talmidge  and Deputy Kevin Gordon . By stumbling upon this lonely cabin in the woods, the men have shattered 33 years of solitude in Jeremiah's world. Soon their weekend trip of hiking and camping will become a nightmare of survival."] ['Ex-boxer Kevin "Kid" Collins is a drifter and an escapee from a mental hospital. He meets Fay Anderson, a widow, who convinces him to help fix up the neglected estate her ex-husband left. "Uncle Bud" talks them both into helping kidnap a rich boy for ransom money, and the ex-fighter must make decisions about his loyalties and what is right.'] ['In 1927, young belle Charlotte Hollis  and her married lover, John Mayhew , plan to elope during a party at the Hollis family\'s antebellum mansion in Ascension Parish, Louisiana. However, after Charlotte\'s father intimidates him, telling him that John\'s wife had visited the day before and revealed the affair, John pretends he no longer loves Charlotte and tells her they must part. John is then brutally murdered and decapitated in the summerhouse with a cleaver, with one hand severed. Charlotte discovers the body. She returns traumatized to the party in a bloodied dress, leading most to presume that she is the murderer. The story jumps to 1964. Charlotte is now a wealthy spinster, still living on the plantation home that has been in her family for generations. Charlotte\'s father died the year after Mayhew\'s murder, believing his daughter guilty. Charlotte has believed all these years that her father killed Mayhew, but everyone else assumes that it was Charlotte, the crazy recluse, who decapitated her lover. The story picks up as the Louisiana Highway Commission is making preparations to demolish her house and build a new highway through the property. Charlotte is vehemently against this and ignores the eviction notice, refusing to leave. She keeps the foreman , his demolition crew, and the bulldozer away by shooting at them with a rifle. They temporarily give up and leave. Charlotte is living with her housekeeper, Velma , in the Hollis mansion. Seeking help in her fight against the Highway Commission, she calls upon Miriam , a poor cousin who lived with the family as a girl. Miriam renews her relationship with Drew Bayliss , a local doctor who jilted her after the murder. Charlotte\'s sanity deteriorates with Miriam\'s arrival, her nights haunted by a mysterious harpsichord playing the song Mayhew wrote for her and by the appearance of Mayhew\'s disembodied hand and head. Velma, suspecting that Miriam and Drew are after Charlotte\'s money, seeks help from Mr. Willis , an insurance investigator who is still interested in the Mayhew case and who has visited Mayhew\'s ailing widow, Jewel . Miriam fires Velma, who later returns and discovers that Charlotte is being drugged. Miriam sees the housekeeper trying to take Charlotte out of the house. The two argue at the top of the stairs. Velma tries to escape, but knowing Velma has discovered the drugs, Miriam smashes a chair over her head. Velma falls down the stairs to her death. One night, a drugged Charlotte runs downstairs in the grip of a hallucination, believing John has returned to her. Miriam and Drew decide to trick Charlotte into shooting Drew with a gun loaded with blanks, after which Miriam helps dispose of the "body" in a swamp. Charlotte returns to the house and sees the supposedly dead Drew at the top of the stairs, reducing her to whimpering insanity. Now believing Charlotte completely mad and secure in her room, Miriam and Drew go into the garden to discuss their plan: to drive Charlotte insane in order to get her money. Miriam also tells Drew that back in 1927 she saw Jewel murder her husband. She\'s been using this knowledge to blackmail Jewel for all these years, while plotting to gain possession of Charlotte\'s wealth. Charlotte overhears all. She moves toward a huge stone urn on the ledge of the balcony, almost directly over the lovers\' heads. Miriam embraces Drew, then the two look up and into Charlotte\'s knowing eyes. They are paralyzed by the sight as Charlotte tips the stone urn off the ledge, crushing them both to death. The next morning, the authorities take Charlotte away, presumably to an insane asylum. Many neighbors and locals gather at the Hollis home to watch the proceedings, believing that crazy Charlotte has murdered again. Willis hands her an envelope from the now-dead Jewel Mayhew, who has had a stroke after hearing of the incident the previous night. The note contains Jewel\'s confession to the murder of her husband. As the authorities drive Charlotte away, she looks back at her beloved plantation, apparently for the last time.'] ['The film begins with Nick West lighting a cigarette in the dark and introducing himself to some unknown audience. He proceeds to recount the events he allegedly witnessed, claiming to be a "victim". It is implied that the whole story is told exclusively through his point of view. Nick brings the easy and filthy Sammy to the abandoned Blackwater Asylum for using acid and having sex. They find a weird chair and Nick proposes kinky sex to Sammy; however the device traps and kills Sammy. Nick is arrested and considered insane, being sentenced to the Hildon Mental Institute in spite of claiming that supernatural forces killed Sammy. Four years later, the honorable Cambridge professor Dr. Willard proposes Nick\'s psychiatrist, Dr. Clairebourne , release him under his custody for an experimental treatment: exposing the truth to Nick bringing him back to the crime scene. Dr. Clairebourne opposes, explaining that Nick still has severe delusions, but in the end she accepts. Nick is introduced to Dr. Willard, who expresses his desire to write a book about West and his experiences. With Dr. Willard assuming full responsibility for Nick, Dr. Willard, his assistant, Melissa, and the students Rachel Fowles and Brett Wilson, head with Nick to the Blackwater Asylum. West begins to feel uneasy when the group enter the asylum, but sympathetic Rachel tells him that he can leave tomorrow morning if he wants to, promising she won\'t tell the doctor. The group find the infamous chair. Dr. Willard tells that the asylum warden was known to practice highly controversial methods of treatment. The night nears, and Dr. Willard tells everyone to go to sleep to have a fresh start tomorrow. In private, he confesses to Nick that the book he wants to write isn\'t actually about Nick, but about the chair. He admits to believing that Nick\'s "hallucinations" were actually real events. Willard shows him the warden\'s journal, from which he learned about the chair: it was used to test the warden\'s theory about the existence of human soul. Nick becomes seemingly disturbed, as he says he actually came to believe he killed Sammy, but now isn\'t sure anymore. As Nick is trying to sleep, he is approached by Rachel, who wants to prove to him that there is nothing supernatural about the chair. As she sits on it, she accidentally triggers the chair\'s controls and disappears. She is shown to have been transported into a dark building, where she is hunted by a demonic creature. Melissa persuades skeptical Brett into sitting in the chair, after which she triggers it, sending Brett into the same place as Rachel. Nick then willingly uses the chair to transport himself, believing he can save Rachel. The doctor and Melissa are shown to have plotted this all along. The events unfold quickly as Willard betrays Melissa, forcing her into the chair, then transports himself. The group then reunites as Rachel struggles against the creature; with the rest of the group incapacitated, the doctor subdues Nick and chants incantations, hoping to turn the beast to his side; however, Nick fights him off and, smiling, says that it is he who controls the Demon. In a plot twist, it is revealed that the chair itself and the demonic forces were just a product of Nick\'s imagination. It then becomes evident that Nick assaulted the students and the doctor in the asylum, killing Brett. He then proceeds to rape Rachel and kill the doctor and Melissa. Lastly, he kills Rachel who tried to escape. After the massacre, a bloodied Nick gets into the car and chats with a woman who looks like Rachel sitting inside, asking her if she minds driving off with a "crazy person". She smiles and kisses him. However, the scene is then revealed to be another of Nick\'s hallucinations and he is then seen driving away from the asylum alone.'] ["The confessions of a sadomasochistic sexually obsessed patient disclosed as fantasies during Manhattan psychiatrist sessions begin to permeate the troubled doctor's subconscious as erotic dreams. This leads to a heated love affair. At the same time a series of shocking murders occur with evidence suggesting it is her new lover / patient."] ["Yang Rui is a handsome Beijing executive who is bored with his easy life and numerous female conquests. He is having an affair with his female boss, and in general seems to despise women and relationships. He hears about a woman named He Yanhong who is from out of town, beautiful but mysterious and quite reclusive. He soon falls in love with her, despite the fact that she rejects his advances and appears to have few friends. When she kicks him in the head after coming on too strongly, she shows some regret and compassion, nursing him back to health and they develop a friendship. He Yanhong tells him her nickname is An Xin . Unfortunately, Yang Rui's scorned female boss becomes jealous, reveals she has been spying on the young couple, arranges for He Yanhong to lose her job, reveals that she has a child, and then frames him for accepting an illegal kickback that briefly sends Yang Rui to prison. He Yanhong arranges for a lawyer to free Yang Rui from prison, and he tracks her down, discovering that her real name is actually An Xin, and that she moved to Beijing to escape a disastrous love triangle that led to her former husband's death and threatens both her life and that of her child, Xiong. In revealing herself to Yang Rui, he learns the following: An Xin was an up and coming police officer in Yunnan Province of southern China, engaged to a journalist named Tiejun who also has a promising career. Before the date of their marriage, An Xin has a chance encounter with Mao Jie, with whom she has a brief but emotionally intense romantic fling. Neither is honest about their career, and only during a drug sting operation does An Xin discover that Mao Jie is part of a drug dealing family. Since neither knew the other's true profession, she is forced to testify against Mao Jie and his parents receive the death penalty. However Mao Jie is able to convince a judge to set him free because of accusations that An Xin may have framed him to exit their now extinguished love affair. In retribution, Mao Jie and his brother kills An Jin's husband to avenge his parents death and her betrayal. From then on An Xin's life slowly unravels as she tries to build a new life while hiding from the Mao brothers."] ['The film begins, as it ends, with narration by Nettie . On Christmas Eve, down-on-his-luck Nick Bianco , an ex-convict, and his three cohorts rob a jewelry store located on an upper floor of a New York skyscraper. Before they can exit the building, however, the proprietor sets off his alarm. While attempting to escape, Nick assaults a policeman, but is wounded in the leg and arrested. Assistant District Attorney Louis D\'Angelo  tries to persuade Nick to name his accomplices in exchange for a light sentence. Confident that his lawyer, Earl Howser , and cohorts will look after his wife and two young daughters while he is incarcerated, Nick refuses and is given a twenty-year sentence. Three years later, at Sing Sing Prison, Nick learns that his wife has committed suicide, and his daughters have been sent to an orphanage. He later finds her obituary in the newspaper and learns his wife had been worried over financial issues prior to her death. Nick is visited in prison by Nettie Cavallo , a young woman who used to babysit his girls. Nettie reluctantly tells Nick that his wife had an affair with Pete Rizzo, one of his accomplices. Nick decides to tell all to D\'Angelo; but because so much time has elapsed, D\'Angelo cannot use Nick\'s information to reduce his sentence, but makes a deal that if Nick helps the police on another case, he will be paroled. D\'Angelo questions Nick about one of his previous, unsolved robberies, which he pulled off with Rizzo. Nick implies to Howser that Rizzo "squealed" on him.  Howser, who also acts as a go-between to a fence for his clients, tells Tommy Udo , a psychopathic killer, about Rizzo\'s "squealing." When Udo shows up at Rizzo\'s tenement, only Rizzo\'s mother  is present and tells him that her son was out but would return that evening. Udo examines the apartment and determines that Rizzo has probably left town. Angered with her attempt to deceive him, Udo binds Mrs. Rizzo to her wheelchair with an electrical cord and pushes her down a flight of stairs, killing her. Soon after, Nick is freed on parole at D\'Angelo\'s behest, and visits Nettie, pledging his love to her. But in order to remain out on parole, Nick must continue his work with D\'Angelo, and arranges a "chance" meeting with Udo, with whom he served time at Sing Sing. The unsuspecting Udo takes Nick to various clubs, including one at which narcotics are being smoked, and Udo reveals enough information to Nick about a murder he committed to enable the police to arrest him. Nick reports back to D\'Angelo, who is satisfied that he has enough to indict Udo for the past murder. D\'Angelo then releases Nick, who is relieved and looks forward to starting a new life with Nettie and his daughters. When Udo later comes up for trial, Nick, who is now married to Nettie and living in Astoria, Queens, is reluctant to testify against him, but realizes he must in order to maintain his parole. Despite Nick\'s testimony and other evidence, Udo is acquitted based on a technicality involving key evidence. Certain that Udo will seek revenge, and convinced the police will not be able to protect him and his family, Nick sends Nettie and the children to the country. While at home late one night, Nick is startled when D\'Angelo shows up at the front door. He tries persuading Nick to submit to protective custody, but Nick punches D\'Angelo in the jaw  and goes off to deal with Udo on his own. Nick searches unsuccessfully for Udo at his favorite haunts, but finally finds him at Luigi\'s restaurant in East Harlem. The two men confront each other, but Udo tells him that as far as he\'s concerned they are still "pals". Nick is unconvinced, especially after Udo delivers a thinly-veiled threat against Nettie and his children. Nick warns Udo to stay away from his family, telling him that this matter is strictly between the two of them. Udo orders the restaurant owner to prepare Nick the specialty of the house , and walks out. Before long, Nick sees Udo\'s sedan parked out front, and knows that as soon as he steps out the front door, Udo will ambush him. Before confronting Udo, Nick had instructed D\'Angelo by telephone to go to a police station near the restaurant and await his call; he now summons D\'Angelo to come in exactly two minutes to the restaurant, where Nick will provide sufficient evidence to put Udo away. Nick leaves his gun with the cashier and walks outside. One of Udo\'s henchmen draws a pistol and prepares to shoot Nick at point-blank range, but Nick provokes Udo into shooting him, knowing that he will now be incarcerated for life as a "three time loser." Udo shoots Nick, but is quickly surrounded by police. Udo attempts an escape on foot, but is gunned down in the street. He survives, but will likely spend the remainder of his life in prison. Though badly wounded, Nick survives, and he and Nettie look forward to a happy, peaceful life together.'] ["Joseph  a retired New York police officer and Holocaust survivor, travels to Nuremberg to visit his son Ronnie  years after turning his back on him for rejecting a promising career in the NYPD and marrying a local artist, Anna . No sooner does Joseph attempt to heal the rift with Ronnie then he swears that living in the apartment above, under the false name of Shrager, is the now aging SS Commander  who slaughtered his entire family during World War II. With little hope of seeing him stand trial, Joseph talks Ronnie into exacting justice - and vengeance - and together they set out to kill him. Flashbacks reveal the teenage love of Young Joseph  for a heroic Polish girl, Kashka  and his narrow escape from the massacre, leading to the film's climax."] ["Art critic and forgery expert George Steele  is stopped by a policeman as he tries to break into the Manhattan Museum. He claims that he was in a train wreck. Police Lieutenant Cochrane , however, finds that there has been no recent wreck. Steele, unsure himself what happened, relates the bizarre events leading up to the present. A flashback ensues. Museum director Barton  reprimands staff member Steele over the style of his public lecture and is annoyed that he wants to demonstrate a forgery detection method by X-raying a masterpiece that was recently exhibited. Afterward, while having a drink with girlfriend and magazine writer Terry Cordell , Steele receives an urgent telephone call informing him that his mother has been taken to the hospital. He rushes to Grand Central Station and catches the last train. About forty minutes later, Steele watches helplessly as another train crashes head on with his. Cochrane reveals that Steele's mother was never taken to the hospital. Anxious to avoid a scandal, Barton pleads with Cochrane not to arrest the man. Stevenson, the curator, and Dr. Lowell ([[Ray Collins , a member of the museum's board of directors, vouch for Steele's character. In private, Traybin , a British art expert investigating the suspicious loss of a Gainsborough painting, tells the lieutenant he wants him freed , as he is uncertain if Steele is involved. Steele sets out the reenact the train ride, hoping to gain some clue of what is going on. He finds out that a drunk was taken off at the next station by two men. He informs Stevenson of his discovery. Steele begins to suspect that the Gainsborough supposedly lost at sea was actually a fake. Later, Stevenson calls Steele to tell him he has discovered something important and to meet him at the museum that night. When he arrives, however, he finds Stevenson dead. Spotted standing over the body by an employee, Steele flees. Although both Traybin and Cordell plead with him to turn himself in, Steele is determined to exonerate himself. When he learns that the shipment of another masterpiece, Durer's Adoration of the Kings , has unexpectedly been moved up several weeks, he sneaks aboard the ship. Finding a fire burning in the hold, he removes the painting from its crate, only to discover he has been locked in. Fortunately, the ship's crew arrive to put out the fire. Steele escapes from Cochrane by shimmying down the anchor chain. He gets Mary, a young museum secretary, to get her friend to let him into a building with an X-ray machine. There, he confirms that the work is a fake. However, as he, Cordell and Mary are leaving, he is knocked out and Mary pulls a gun on Cordell. When Steele awakens, he finally meets the mastermind behind all his troubles: Dr. Lowell, who explains that, as a frustrated art lover, he could never own such fabulous works legitimately. Lowell uses a drug on Steele to disprove Cordell's story that he telephoned the police.  Lowell and Mary wait for a passing scheduled train to mask the sound of gunshots, but Traybin and the police intervene, and Lowell is shot just in time."] ["Jermaine Davis  is a young corporate tycoon who is newly married and has recently moved to Atlanta, Georgia with his lovely and supportive wife Jasmine . While becoming settled into the new city and job, Jermaine becomes bored with his seemingly mundane lifestyle at home. He asks his wife to engage in a ménage à trois with another woman, in order to generate more excitement within their relationship and she reluctantly agrees. Once they've committed the act, Jermaine begins to feel the insecurities of bringing a stranger into his marriage. As a result, he attempts to sever all ties with the woman. Unfortunately, it proves more complicated to remove this person from their lives and he realizes that his curiosity has thrown him into battle with a dangerous lunatic and may cost him his marriage."] ["Charlie Daines , is a morphine-addicted detective on the trail of a sophisticated psychopath who is setting up murders and broadcasting them live on the internet. As he closes in on the killer, he realizes that it has become personal and that he is to be the final victim. Will he catch the killer before it's too late or will his old-school methods mean his death?"] ['Jennifer Haines  is an up-and-coming Chicago attorney. She wins a big case, celebrates with the man in her life, Phil Garson ([[Stephen Lang , and returns to work to a hero\'s reception. Into her life walks David Greenhill , who was seated in the gallery during her previous trial. Greenhill is a debonair and arrogant ladies\' man who stands accused of murdering his wealthy wife, Rita . He wants Haines to represent him, but she declines. Something about him intrigues her, though, so the equally arrogant Haines has second thoughts. She tells her law firm\'s superiors that this promises to be a high-profile trial and she wants it because: "I am that good." Greenhill maintains his innocence but shows signs of irrational behavior that make Haines wary of him. She assigns her longtime investigator Moe  to do some digging and he begins to unearth the defendant\'s shady past. Greenhill in the meantime starts showing up unexpectedly in Haines\'s social life, stalking her and dropping hints that something is going on between them. Phil dislikes the guy intensely and demands Haines drop him as a client. She doesn\'t care for Greenhill either but resents being told what to do. She refuses to quit his case until her law partners notify her that the fee Greenhill promised remains unpaid. An unsympathetic judge  tells Haines it\'s her own fault and refuses to let her abandon her client. Learning from Moe that Greenhill has a history of dating older women who usually end up dead, a horrified Haines wants to turn him in, but is bound to attorney-client privilege. She instead tries to sabotage her own case by having evidence planted at Greenhill\'s apartment, hoping that it will lead to his conviction. He knows she must be behind it and takes his revenge by viciously assaulting Phil, who ends up hospitalized. Greenhill\'s case ends in a mistrial, after the jury fails to reach a unanimous verdict. Greenhill, seemingly pleased, displays regret that he never had a chance to take the stand. He does so privately for Haines in the empty coutroom, revealing that he had been scouting her far in advance of the murder case. He confesses that he did indeed kill his wife and provides vivid details. Greenhill further tells Haines that he knows she planted the evidence. He could use this to blackmail her, but says he has come to tire of her. Haines fears the psychopathic Greenhill will now come after her. She prepares to disclose everything, even at the cost of her career. Greenhill anticipates this. He murders Moe, knocking him out and then setting fire to his office. He then intercepts Haines at her apartment building. He casually states that between Phil\'s beating and Moe\'s death, she is grieving enough to commit suicide. A fierce struggle ensues. Greenhill manages to throw Haines over a railing, but to his horror, she pulls him down with her. They fall several stories together. Greenhill is killed in the fall. Haines, cushioned by his body, is severely injured but survives. As she is carried off to hospital, she triumphantly states: "I beat him, Phil. I beat him. Tough way to win a case."'] 