['The Danvers State Hospital has been closed since 1985. Gordon Fleming  is the owner of The Hazmat Elimination Company, a small asbestos removal company. When he hears that the hospital needs asbestos removed, he makes a bid to remove it, as he is in desperate need of money. He is also a new father, and the stress of work and parenthood have been causing problems between him and his wife, Wendy. Gordon\'s team is small, but eclectic. Mike  is a law school dropout, who knows the most about the asylum in the group. Phil  is filled with bitterness after losing his long-time girlfriend to Hank , another team member. Because of this, Phil has taken up smoking marijuana. Jeff, Gordon\'s nephew , is the youngest member, and suffers from severe nyctophobia. Mike discovers a box marked "Evidence" in a tunnel. Inside, he finds a collection of nine taped sessions with former patient number 444, a 37-year-old named Mary Hobbes from 1974. He listens and becomes increasingly engrossed in the interviews, which detail her dissociative identity disorder . Two of Hobbes\' personalities are harmless and childlike. They all refer to another personality named Simon, someone they don\'t want to talk about. Throughout the sessions, it is revealed that something terrible happened involving a knife and a china doll when she was fourteen during Christmas 1951 in Lowell, Massachusetts. Gordon opens up to Phil and admits that he hit Wendy after she accidentally spilled a pot of boiling water on him. He is extremely depressed, frequently talking to his wife on his cell phone, asking her forgiveness. Meanwhile, Hank finds a stash of old coins and other valuable items that have been left in a tunnel since the asylum closed. He returns one night to steal the artifacts, among which he finds an orbitoclast. He follows sounds and finds an empty peanut butter jar, the same as the kind Gordon brought home the first night. Terrified, Hank tries to run out of the tunnels, when he is attacked by an unseen assailant and disappears. Gordon begins to suspect that Phil may have murdered him. Hank, however, is soon found by Jeff. Gordon goes with Jeff to investigate but Hank is gone when they arrive. The coworkers split up to find Hank. One by one, they become lost in the huge asylum and are slowly ambushed by an unseen attacker. Meanwhile, the recording of the final session with patient 444, session 9, is heard. Simon, the evil personality, finally speaks. He reveals that when she was a child, Mary, encouraged by Simon, murdered her brother after he scared her. He had previously caused her to severely injure herself by falling over onto her china doll. She then proceeded to kill the rest of her family. A flashback reveals that, after his initial inspection of the hospital, Gordon went home, and when his wife spilled the boiling water on him, he did not slap her as he told Phil, but in fact murdered her and his daughter, at Simon\'s encouragement. He then proceeded to murder all of his colleagues in succession (committing the murders in a [[dissociation . Gordon, talking into his broken cell phone, starts crying and apologizing to his wife. In the final scene, the doctor asks: "And where do you live, Simon?" Simon replies, "I live in the weak and the wounded, Doc."'] ['The film begins with a voiceover by Dr. John Markway ([[Richard Johnson . Hill House was constructed by Hugh Crain as a home for his wife. She died in an accident as she approached the house for the first time. Crain remarried. His second wife died after falling down the stairs. Crain\'s daughter, Abigail, lived in the house the rest of her life, never moving out of the nursery. She died calling for her absent nurse-companion. The companion inherited the house, but hung herself in the library. Mrs. Sannerson inherited Hill House. It has stood empty for some time. The voiceover ends. Dr. Markway is investigating paranormal activity. He wins permission from Mrs. Sannerson to occupy the house, but must take Luke Sannerson   with him. Markway chooses two individuals to accompany him. One is the psychic, Theodora , who is also known as "Theo". The other is meek Eleanor "Nell" Lance . Eleanor spent her adult life caring for her invalid mother, and her recent death left Eleanor feeling severe guilt. Two caretakers—Mr. Dudley  and his wife —care for the house. The large, maze-like mansion contains few right angles, perspective is off, and doors open and close by themselves. The house has a library with a spiral staircase and a conservatory with some eerie statues. Eleanor feels at home at Hill House as well as unsettled by it. That night, Eleanor and Theo are terrified by ghostly occurrences outside of Theo\'s bedroom door. In a well-known scene, supernatural forces bang loudly on the door as if trying to gain entry. The team explores Hill House the next day, discovering a cold spot and encountering other supernatural phenomena. Dr. Markway reveals more about the hauntings which have allegedly occurred at Hill House. The team discovers the words "HELP ELEANOR COME HOME" on a wall. Eleanor becomes mentally unstable. Something grips Eleanor\'s hand tightly in the night, terrifying Eleanor and Theo. The following day, Mrs. Grace Markway  arrives at Hill House to warn her husband that a reporter has learned of Dr. Markway\'s investigation of Hill House. The doctor is concerned when his wife announces that she plans to join the group for the duration of the stay. She demands a bed in the nursery despite her husband\'s protests that it is unsafe. That night, Grace Markway disappears. Eleanor\'s mental instability worsens as she falls further under the spell of Hill House. She goes into the library where she climbs the metal spiral staircase. In a critical scene, Grace Markway appears unexpectedly from a trapdoor at the top of the staircase and Eleanor almost falls to her death. Dr. Markway climbs the unstable staircase and rescues her. Dr. Markway, Luke, and Theo become frightened as Eleanor becomes separated from the group and Grace cannot be found. When they locate Eleanor, Dr. Markway insists that she leave Hill House at once. He asks Luke to drive her away but before Luke can get in the car Eleanor drives off without him. As she speeds down the road to the front gates, something takes control of the steering wheel and the car starts driving erratically. Eleanor pleads with the supernatural entity to stop as she trys to drive the car. Suddenly, Grace Markway steps out from behing a tree and appears in front of Eleanor\'s car. Eleanor swerves to miss her, hits a tree, and dies. When Dr. Markway, Luke and Theo arrive at the crash site on foot Dr. Markway asserts that something was in the car with Eleanor. He notes that the tree that claimed Eleanor\'s life was the same one that killed the first Mrs. Crain. The doctor says "There was something in the car with her, I\'m sure of it. Call it what you like but Hill House is haunted." As the members of the group look back at the ominous abode, Luke remarks "It ought to be burned down and the ground sowed with salt." The final words in the movie are a narrative by Eleanor: Hill House has stood for 90 years and might stand for 90 more. Within, walls continue upright, bricks meet...floors are firm, and doors are sensibly shut. Silence lies steadily against the wood and stone of Hill House. And we who walk here walk alone.'] ['Director Bart Mastronardi’s VINDICATION is a coming of age psychological horror thriller about Nicolas Bertram, whose attempt at suicide fails causing his own guilt to manifest into reality sending the confused young man off on a path of self-discovery that is filled with terror, madness, and horror. At the age of twenty Nicolas Bertram is a first year Art student at college whose career appears to be on the right track, but Nicolas’ life has been filled with the guilt of unfortunate certain events. With no money and barely able to pay for college, Nicolas eases his guilt as a cutter; someone who leaves slashes of razor marks on his body due to emotional pain. His only friend that he confides in is his roommate, Michel Rodriguez, a young gay man majoring in Art with Nicolas. Michel tells Nicolas of his own father who beat him for being gay, but informs Nicolas that the guilt Nicolas holds onto will show no mercy unless Nicolas learns to accept it and move on in his life. After class Nicolas decides to visit his father for some help but doesn’t receive a warm welcome from his dad. After leaving his father’s place Nicolas returns to his apartment, out of an act of despair Nicolas decides to end his life by slitting his wrist in his bathtub. Only Nicolas survives his bloody suicidal attempt releasing the guilt inside of him to manifest into reality, which directs Nicolas to finally come out to live the life he was destined to live. Nicolas’ very own conscious manifests into reality calling itself Kon’Shens, who tell Nicolas to listen to the apparition’s as they will appear to him and give Nicolas’ directions on his new path. Each apparition directs and reminds Nicolas to realize guilt will continue to show no mercy unless he accepts the truth of who he is in life. Nicolas knows he must vindicate himself on this horrific journey, which leads a trail of blood, murder, madness and mayhem.'] 