['Set in 1980, Vince Lombardi High School keeps losing principals to nervous breakdowns because of the students\' love of rock \'n\' roll and their disregard for education. Their leader, Riff Randell , is the biggest Ramones fan at Vince Lombardi High School. She waits in line for three days to get tickets to see the band, hoping to meet Joey Ramone so she can give him a song she wrote for the band, "Rock \'n\' Roll High School". When Principal Togar  takes her ticket away, Riff and her best friend Kate Rambeau  have to find another way to meet their heroes—by winning a radio contest. When Miss Togar and a group of parents attempt to burn a pile of rock records, the students take over the high school, joined by the Ramones, who are made honorary students. When the police are summoned and demand that the students evacuate the building, they do so, which leads to a quite literal explosive finale.'] ['The Lovedolls return from their untimely demise in this sequel to the Super-8 trash classic Desperate Teenage Lovedolls . Patch Kelley  becomes Patch Christ, the leader of an acid-damaged religious cult who rescues has been Kitty Karryall  from a boozy, wasted life. Once reunited, they recruit Sunset Boulevard hooker Alexandria "Cheetah" Axethrasher  to replace the recently murdered Bunny Tremelo . Rainbow Tramaine , from the Freedom School in New Mexico ventures to Hollywood to discover his twin brother Johnny has committed suicide after taking The Lovedolls to the top, as their manager. The She Devils leader Tanya Hearst\'s mother, Patricia Ann Cloverfield  is back in town to even the score. Meanwhile obsessed fanatic Carl Celery  lives in his own world of Lovedoll worship, only to carry out an assassination of Brews Springstien . With special guest appearances by Vicki Peterson , Jello Biafra  & Sky Saxon .'] ['In Jubilee, Queen Elizabeth I  is transported forward in time by the occultist John Dee  through the spirit guide Ariel . Elizabeth arrives in the shattered Britain of the 1970s. Queen Elizabeth II is dead, killed in an arbitrary mugging, and Elizabeth I moves through the social and physical decay of the city observing the activities of a group of sporadic nihilists, including Amyl Nitrite ([[Jordan , Bod , Chaos , Crabs , and Mad . Numerous punk icons appear in the film including Jordan , Toyah Willcox, Nell Campbell, Adam Ant, Demoriane and Wayne County. It features performances by Wayne County and Adam and the Ants. There are also cameo appearances by The Slits and Siouxsie and the Banshees. The film was scored by Brian Eno.'] ['In Ostend three handicapped musicians are looking for a drummer for their band, consisting entirely of disabled people. They want to perform only one time at a music competition. They want famous writer Dries to be their drummer and his handicap is the fact that he cannot play the drums. They only plan on mastering one song; Devo\'s "Mongoloid." For Dries this is an opportunity to get some inspiration for a new novel and he accepts the offer. The band members decide to call the band The Feminists, because four handicapped musicians are just as worthless as a group of feminists. In the contest they have to compete against the band Harry Mulisch, also led by a writer with the nickname Dikke Lul . As the story goes on Dries becomes more and more obsessed by his new novel and he tries to manipulate the band members and tries to find their weak spot.'] ['Jan Paul Beahm  grows up in Los Angeles through a troubled childhood: He does not know his biological father, his mother is an alcoholic, and his older brother dies from a heroin overdose. He is an avid reader and develops into a "frighteningly intelligent" student at University High School, where his antisocial behavior leads the administration to give him straight A\'s if he agrees not to return. In December 1975, at age 17, he proposes to his friend Georg Ruthenberg  that they start a band, showing him potential lyrics and claiming to have a "five year plan" inspired by the David Bowie song "Five Years". They recruit Terri Ryan , Belinda Carlisle , and Becky Barton  for the group and con money for instruments. Jan Paul comes up with the name Germs, representing the germination of an idea. He sings while Georg plays guitar, Terri plays bass guitar, and Becky plays drums. The Germs play their first gig April 16, 1977: As they are heckling The Damned outside the Whisky a Go Go, Claude "Kickboy Face" Bessy  of Slash magazine suggests that they perform at an open mic across the street. The Germs give an impropmtu performance of their song "Sex Boy", but do not know how to play their instruments and are heckled by the audience. Jan Paul responds by throwing flour at them and dipping the microphone in peanut butter; the band is thrown out but excited by the experience. Jan Paul comes up with pseudonyms for the members: Georg becomes Pat Smear, Terri becomes Lorna Doom, and Becky becomes Donna Rhia, while Belinda bows out of the band. Jan Paul renames himself Bobby Pyn, but soon changes this to Darby Crash. Becky is soon kicked out and the band goes through a series of replacements. Chris Ashford  becomes their manager and presses their "Forming" single, the first punk rock single from Los Angeles. At The Masque the Germs meet Don Bolles , who becomes their new drummer. Darby also meets Rob Henley , and the two begin a homosexual relationship. Darby comes up with the Germs\' logo, a blue circle, as well as the "Germs burn", a symbolic circular cigarette burn on the wrist. The Germs build an audience at The Masque and advance to larger venues, playing a chaotic show at the Roosevelt Hotel on October 31, 1978. Tensions mount between Don and Rob over the band\'s direction, and Darby and Rob begin experimenting with heroin. The Germs appear on Rodney Bingenheimer \'s radio program and convince Slash to fund their album, . Tensions rise as Rob convinces Darby that Don\'s drumming is not fast enough, and when a woman named Amber  begins doting on Darby and declares herself his manager. Darby\'s heroin use increases, as does violence at the Germs\' shows, and they are banned from most clubs in Los Angeles. Darby is upset to learn that Don has started a side project. Penelope Spheeris  features the Germs in her film The Decline of Western Civilization. The band plays at the Whisky a Go Go on December 23, 1979 under the name GI, for "Germs Incognito", and when Don is late Darby replaces him with Rob. Rob does not know how to play, however, and the show is aborted when the crowd riots. Finding Rob having sex with Gerber , Darby effectively breaks up the Germs by taking off with Amber to London for several months, where he becomes a fan of Adam and the Ants. Darby returns to Los Angeles with an Adam Ant-inspired fashion and a tall mohawk. He enlists Pat for his Darby Crash Band, then organizes a Germs "farwell show" at the Starwood Club in December 1980 with Pat, Lorna, and Don. The show goes well, with Darby telling the crowd "This is for the people who wanted to know what it was like when we were around. But this is the only one; you\'re not gonna see this again." Alone and despondent after the show, he enters into a suicide pact with Casey Cola : The two intentionally overdose on heroin; Casey survives while Darby does not. Pat receives the news as he is watching reports of the assassination of John Lennon. Darby\'s funeral is sparsely attended, with Pat reading a poem titled "Astrid" that Darby had written near the band\'s outset.'] ['A hitchhiking teenage runaway, Sheila , is picked up on Interstate 605 in the Greater Los Angeles Area by a woman with a toddler. When the car gets a flat tire, they find a telephone booth on the edge of an abandoned tract housing district. While the mother is on the phone, the toddler is attacked and killed by a stray dog. Another teenage runaway, Evan Johnson , leaves his suburban home and alcoholic mother, ending up at a punk rock concert by D.I. Keef  slips drugs into his drink, and the concert ends abruptly when a female attendee has her clothes torn off by the punks in the audience. Jack Diddley ([[Chris Pedersen  offers Evan a place to stay at "T.R. House", a punk house in the abandoned tract housing district off Interstate 605. Along the way they pick up Joe Schmo , who also intends to move into the house. Joe changes his mind when he learns each resident must be branded with the letters T.R., for "The Rejected", but winds up coming back and accepting the brand after discovering his father is homosexual. He begins to form a romantic relationship with Sheila, who has also moved into the house. The next morning, several men from "Citizens Against Crime", including Jim Tripplett  and Bob Skokes , drive through the neighborhood shooting at the packs of wild dogs that roam the area. T.R. kids Razzle ([[Flea  and Skinner  confront them, but the situation is defused by Jack\'s African-American stepfather, police officer Bill Rennard . Jack, Evan, and Skinner steal food for the house by raiding the garages of a nearby suburban neighborhood, and make further enemies of Jim and Bob by disrupting their garage sale. When Evan sees on the news that his mother has been arrested for drunk driving, he collects his younger brother Ethan  and brings him to live at T.R. House, where Sheila gives him a mohawk. Sheila admits to Joe that she was physically and sexually abused by her father. During a T.S.O.L. concert, the T.R. gang get into a fight defending Skinner. The men they were fighting with enter the concert and stab a security guard, framing the T.R. kids for the crime by using the knife to hang a flier with "T.R." written in blood. Jim and Bob next witness the T.R. crew vandalizing a convenience store. At a meeting of the Citizens Against Crime, they accuse Bill and the rest of the police of not doing enough to curb the teenagers\' criminal behavior, declaring their willingness to take the law into their own hands. Bill goes to T.R. House and implores the teens to stay out of trouble. That night, Jim and Bob invade the house and threaten the teens, assaulting Sheila in the process. The next morning, the kids find that Sheila has killed herself by overdosing on Keef\'s drugs. Not knowing what to do, they bring her body back to her parents. When the T.R. kids come to the funeral, Sheila\'s father  insists that they leave. Joe reveals his knowledge of Sheila\'s abuse, and a fight breaks out, hospitalizing Sheila\'s father. At a Vandals concert that night, Bill shows up and warns the T.R. kids to clear out of T.R. house immediately, before their actions bring the Citizens Against Crime down on their heads, but they decide to stay. Learning of the violence at the funeral, Jim and Bob show up at the house and are attacked by the teens, who drive them off. They bring their car back around for another pass, accidentally running over and killing Ethan. Bill arrives, but is too late to prevent the tragedy.'] ['Cherie Currie  is a teenager in Los Angeles, California who desperately wants to be a rock star. She idolizes David Bowie and cuts her hair  and dons make-up so she will resemble Bowie\'s Aladdin Sane character. At her high school talent show, she lip syncs to "Lady Grinning Soul" and, receives many rude comments from the audience, while Marie tries her best to applaud her. Cherie ends up flipping off the audience when they begin throwing things, in addition to the comments. Against all odds, she ends up winning. Joan Jett  is a bisexual teenager who also dreams of rock and roll stardom. Joan goes into a rough-type store at the beginning of the film, and looks at all of the boys\' outfits. The sales clerk rudely says that Joan is in the wrong section, whereupon Joan dumps out all of her money onto the counter, and smartly says that she wants what the other customer  is wearing. She hangs out with her best friend, and, during drug experimentation and staying out late, teaches herself to play guitar and to sing. She and her best friend discuss sexuality as well, and things come to a minor head when she kisses Joan. Joan begins guitar lessons from a man who is supposedly great, but he teaches her the basics, and does not listen to her when she politely asks about his amps. He ignores her request at being called "Joan Jett", and refers to her as "Joan Larkin". He tries to teach her "On Top of Old Smokey", and Joan adds a very vulgar lyric to it, to which he becomes offended, telling her that vulgarity isn\'t funny. She tries again to tell him what she wants, to play like the song "Johnny B. Goode", but he still doesn\'t listen, claiming that girls don\'t play electric guitar. Frustrated, Joan hooks up her guitar to an amp without permission, and, despite her teachers\' protest, begins to play her guitar electrically. After him screaming at her to stop, Joan leaves in a huff. At a club one night, Joan is getting friendly with a young man when she spots Kim Fowley, a famous record producer . Her male friend says something sexual to her, and Joan turns him down, but tells him to wait for her when she goes to introduce herself to Kim. She approaches him, and she introduces herself as Joan Jett, and Kim tells her that that\'s a cool name. He then asks her if she\'s in a band and, if so, does she have a demo. Joan tells him no, and says, "no guys", and talks about starting an all-girl rock band. Kim soon shows his interest by introducing Joan to Sandy West , who is a drummer. Joan and Sandy become friends and start jamming together, and Kim calls to check up on them. He soon says that they will be bigger than The Beatles, and soon sits in on their rehearsals. He then suggests that they recruit a hot blonde in the vein of Brigitte Bardot. Kim and Joan comb Los Angeles\' clubs to look for hot blondes and soon discover Cherie. Kim sees her first, while Joan meets Marie across the room and compliments her on her pants. Kim calls Joan over and introduces the two of them. Kim asks Cherie if she can sing or play an instrument, and Joan gives Cherie a reassuring nod, before Cherie claims that she can sing, and tells them of her talent show victory. Kim says that they love her look, and then tells her to learn a Suzi Quatro song for an audition at a trailer park in the San Fernando Valley. Kim orders Joan to give Cherie the information and leaves, and Joan does, following an inviting "Come find me", before leaving with Kim. Cherie learns Suzi Quatro\'s "Fever" and goes to audition, but the band is very disappointed at her choice of song, in particular Lita Ford, who says that "Fever" is a song that is too slow. Kim orders Cherie out of the trailer while he and Joan write "Cherry Bomb", on the spot for her to perform at her audition. Cherie sings it and, after quickly improving, is part of the band, named The Runaways, joined by Lita Ford  on lead guitar and Robin Robins  on bass. .[2] The band rehearses pretty often and are soon about to go onto their U.S. tour. On the day that they are scheduled to leave, Cherie remarks to Marie that she wants to borrow a fancy outfit of hers. Marie refuses, despite the fact that it is Cherie\'s favorite as well, and tells her that she wants to save it for special occasions. Cherie tells her to forget it, and continues packing, but Marie has a change of heart and allows Cherie to take it. When Cherie is saying her goodbyes, her aunt remarks that her father didn\'t come home the night before. . Cherie tells her aunt not to worry, and that her father can take care of himself. She leaves the house when the band pulls up to collect her, and meets her roadie, Scott, who takes her suitcase from Marie to put it into the car. Then, Cherie spots her father\'s car parked outside the house, and goes to investigate. Upon further examination, she sees him, drunk and passed out, in the drivers\' seat. She and Marie go to him, but Lita irritably beeps the horn from a few feet away, telling Cherie to hurry up. In a heartbreaking moment, Cherie must choose between the band and her family. Ultimately, Marie makes the choice when she tells her twin to go, that she will take care of their father. After arriving at the hotel, the band complains about their room. The room only has two double beds, and they\'re limited to only one room to cut costs. Scott, their roadie, tells them that they can share his room if they want to. The gang then decides to go swimming, and Cherie breaks away from Joan and the rest of the band to call home. She gets ahold of Marie, who says that, despite the fact that Cherie left when things looked bad, that their father looks better. Cherie thanks her, and describes the hotel with false information: They each have their own room, there\'s a wet bar, and the pool is awesome. Marie remarks that she wishes that she was there, and Cherie agrees with her. From the pool, Sandy screams at Cherie to get in, and Cherie lies to Marie and says that she needs to go practice. On the night of the show, Cherie and Scott end up making out in the only bathroom available to the band. Joan and Sandy are horsing around backstage, waiting for their set when Joan realizes that she has to go to the bathroom. After realizing that she cannot go into the bathroom, because Cherie and Scott are in there, she and Sandy break in to the dressing room of the other band playing that night. Sandy remarks that they got better food than they did, and that their dressing room is bigger and better that theirs. To spite them, Joan ends up peeing on one of the guitars, and when Sandy claims that she can\'t do that, Joan says that she doesn\'t care what the band will think. When Joan sings "I Love Playing With Fire" at a later concert, Joan and Cherie are full of drugs. They are playing at a roller rink, and Cherie is watching from the sidelines as a bunch of disco lights flash around them. After the song, Joan joins Cherie, along with the rest of the band and Scott, on the roller rink floor. Joan is smoking, and she and Cherie still have drugs in their system. Because Joan has had an attraction to Cherie since they first met, she leans down and kisses her. Cherie quickly responds, and fuzzy images are shown of Joan picking Cherie up and taking her back to their room. In the dim light, Joan and Cherie are seen having drug-induced sex, and by the next morning, it is unclear if they remember anything. The next scene shows Joan wearing her underwear and a t-shirt, and hands up the phone and goes to wake Cherie, who is wrapped up in the bed sheet. Joan says that they did it, and it looks like Joan knows what happened between them last night and will tell Cherie about it, but then she says that they are signed to Mercury Records and tells her that they are going to Hollywood, California in an hour, and kisses Cherie again in her joy. The Runaways ultimately release an album. They rehearse even more because of the release of the album, but due to that, Cherie\'s voice is getting tired, thus targeting Kim\'s temper. He gets angry with her, but calls her later to apologize, and tells her that if she listens to him, she will be a success. Then he tells her that a photographer from Japan is scheduled to come by her house to get some pictures of her. When Cherie asks him if the band is coming over, Kim says that the photographer wants to do solo shots and solo interviews, and that Cherie will be the first. In the next scene, Cherie, scantily clad in black, poses in various ways on her back lawn for the photographer, much to the chagrin of her grandmother. Her grandmother ends up coming out of the house and hitting the man with her cane. Shortly before a rehearsal one day, Cherie is eating a quick snack in her kitchen when Marie comes in, wearing a kimono and bowing to her. She says "thank you very much" in Japanese, as Cherie promised to take Marie the next time she went on tour with the band. In a heart-wrenching moment, Cherie looks away, and Marie realizes that she won\'t be going to Japan with Cherie. Cherie says that nobody brings their families on tour, and Marie insists that she could help them while on tour. Cherie brushes her off and goes to rehearse. During the flight to Japan, Scott whispers to Cherie and Joan that if they have any drugs, they should get rid of them, because Japan is more strict than America. Joan and Cherie stumble to the airplanes\' bathroom and end up taking more drugs before they realize that they can\'t take anymore. They flush the rest, and the scene dissolves to them coming out of a limo to a massive crowd, dressed in kimonos, who is shouting for Cherie. Kim later calls Joan at the hotel, and Joan lies and says she\'s learned how to eat with chopsticks. She sees Cherie in the next room, clad in her corset, and gets off the phone with Kim to get a better look at her. Cherie tells her that she is going to wear it during a concert. Joan tells her that Cherie will get the band in trouble if she does, whereupon Cherie asks Joan if she looks sexy, in her opinion, and the scene ends there. Cherie gets permission to sing "Cherry Bomb" in her new corset. She is high during most of the Japan concerts, and this one is no exception. Before going onstage, she stomps on some drugs and takes them before going onstage. While high, she performs very well, and nobody suspects what she\'s up to. After their performance, Lita throws the magazines at Cherie that have pictures of her. As Lita, Cherie, and Joan argue, overenthusiastic fans break through the window and chase the girls out of the building. Cherie\'s drug problems soon get worse. Marie calls her at her fancy hotel and demands that she come home, as their father\'s drinking has gotten worse. Cherie, who was seducing Scott, replies that she doesn\'t have a home, and hangs up on her. When she is about to do an interview, Scott is escorting her downstairs to the press, and she\'s looking very ill. Scott says that everyone\'s anger doesn\'t matter, because she is all the people wants. She ends up collapsing in an elevator and is sent to the hospital. Joan is there when she wakes up, and it is clear the band is on thin ice. Upon arriving back in the United States, Cherie begins to abuse her alcoholic father\'s painkiller medication. Cherie, while at the studio recording their next album, reads a magazine article that involves the band. Sandy approaches her and asks to know what she\'s reading. She reads over her shoulder that Kim has said to the magazine that Cherie\'s attitude was like, "...a dog urinating in your face..." and that she should commit suicide like Marilyn Monroe. Lita smugly says that Kim\'s interpretation is correct, and Joan tells her to shut up, and tries to persuade Cherie to sing. Cherie has a mental breakdown and refuses to sing. Lita continues to insult her, and Joan defends her, possibly out of her attraction for her. Kim comes into the room and demands that Cherie sing. She confronts him on the article, and he tells her that it is good publicity for the band and refuses to listen to her. Cherie yells at Kim that she\'s not going to be "his little lapdog" anymore. She leaves the room, thus quitting the band. Joan goes after her, and asks Cherie why she did this. Cherie says that she can\'t do it anymore, and that her family needs her. Joan says that this is her life as Cherie walks out of the studio. Joan is outraged, and returns into the room where Cherie quit. Kim says that the girls would be, "...lucky if they got a gig singing in the shower..." Joan ends up throwing things at the sound booth window, and gets up on the table in front of it to curse Kim out, who responds by screaming, "Anarchy! Mayhem!", and The Runaways are finished. Cherie returns home and does not do better with her drugs. She goes to a supermarket while high and drunk and tries to buy a bottle of alcohol. The cashier tells her that she cannot sell it to her, and orders the manager to the register. He, too, says that she cannot buy it, and orders Cherie out of the store. Cherie ends up collapsing again in a phone booth in the supermarket parking lot, after calling Marie at work to come and pick her up. At the hospital, her sister Marie visits her and tells her to straighten up herself. After hooking up with both young men and women, Joan tries to teach her good friend how to play the guitar. She has lots of parties with drugs and alcohol, and her musical carrier is going nowhere. After her friend mentions Cherie\'s success with a movie part, Joan abruptly orders all of the young men and women, who are passed out in her living room, out of her house.She tells her friend to stay, and she goes out to think. Joan soon starts her own band, Joan Jett and the Blackhearts. A few years later, Cherie, now clean and sober, is working in a bakery and hears Joan\'s cover of "I Love Rock \'n\' Roll" on the radio. Her boss tells her to get back to work, but calls the station, anyway. Joan is visiting for interviews to up publicity for her band. After an awkward conversation between Joan, Cherie, and radio host Rodney Bingenheimer , Cherie says her goodbyes and continues working, as the camera cuts momentarily back to Joan, smiling to herself, possibly remembering all of the crazy times she and Cherie spent together. Then, the camera cuts back to Cherie, who is smiling as Joan\'s next song, "Crimson and Clover", comes on the radio,'] ['Two girls rediscover their love for playing rock , find a drummer and begin practicing. When one of their mothers intervenes, they run away from home and are forced to fend for themselves on the streets against gangs and rival bands. Soon they are discovered and taken under the wing of rock manager Johnny Tremaine  who uses them for sex and his own aspirations of wealth, and set out to get revenge on those who have wronged them, and rise to the top of the rock world.'] ["The movie depicts the rise and fall of Kate , an angry but creative young singer and songwriter. At the beginning of the movie, she is discovered by Danny , a young man who desperately wants to become a promoter of music bands but is stuck working for another agent . Danny takes an active part in controlling Kate's career, impressed with her talent if not her band, whom he promptly fires. He arranges auditions and reaches out to former friends, and in doing so Kate's new band, Breaking Glass is formed. Breaking Glass consists of Kate on vocals and keyboard, best friends Tony  and Dave  on lead and bass guitar respectively, the drug-addicted and partially deaf Ken  on saxophone and the 'mental' Mick  on drums. Danny does his best to promote the band but finds it hard-going. The best he can do is several nights in a pub frequented by neo-nazis, which, given Kate's anarchist and liberal tendencies that shine through in her songwriting, doesn't go well. After a brawl breaks out one night and the publican refuses to pay the band, Danny finally manages to persuade the anti-establishment Kate to record a demo tape. Danny and Kate then take the demo tape to a gig promoter who shows no interest. The band keeps struggling to get by, despite being hassled by the police, and in the meantime Kate realises she is falling in love with Danny. The hard work eventually pays off when the gig promoter finally agrees to help out, but only by offering the band a contract that Danny describes as feudal. Several months pass as the band tours the country, building up a large fanbase. On Christmas Eve the band is stranded when their van breaks down and the British Rail train drivers are on strike. It is at this point that Danny and Kate make love for the first time and become a couple. Danny blackmails his former employer  into attending a gig in London. However, disaster strikes when the band begins to perform and a power-cut occurs. Encouraged by Danny and Mick, the band continues anyway and wins the hostile crowd over. Their performance greatly impresses the music agents Danny forced into coming, and the band is offered a record contract. Almost immediately things do not go well. Firstly, the band are not amused by how the music agents demand changes to some of the 'offensive' lyrics in order to secure airplay . The recording of the first album does not go well and the agents also reveal that they think Danny is the problem. The chart rise of Top of the Wheel, the band's first single, parallels the earlier success of Suzie Sapphire. Forced into playing at an anti-establishment benefit concert, the band finds the organisation lacking and tries to leave, only to see a neo-nazi rally approaching. They decide to play anyway , which results in a riot breaking out. Danny wants the band to leave but Kate insists on taunting the crowd. That changes when a young man who has been stabbed falls right in front of her, screaming in pain and desperation. This causes Kate to scream. While recovering, Kate is forced to audition for a famous music manager, Woods , who makes it clear that he wants to produce her music and also be involved with her. Kate's new songs seem to help her recover mentally, but the rest of the band are not so happy. Danny finds himself being pushed more and more into the sidelines and Ken has no part to play on the big new single. On tour again, the agents starting sowing seeds of discontent among the band, hinting heavily that Danny is the problem. This leads to a confrontation on the tour bus after which Danny storms out and quits. Woods now moves in as the band's manager and becomes Kate's new lover. After much more success, including a platinum record, the band keeps falling apart. Mick quits, claiming to be bored. Kate hates the pressures and lack of control that fame has brought her. Dave and Tony treat Ken terribly, hating him for being a junkie, and force him to quit the band too. By now the band's name has changed to Kate & Breaking Glass. During a radio show which invites listeners to call in, Kate has trouble understanding her fans and gets angry when she is accused of being controlled by her record company, and even more so when someone she thinks is Danny calls in to accuse her of selling out. The next single released is Big Brother, which features the 'offensive' lyrics completely changed as the music agents originally wanted, proving she has indeed sold out. Mick and Ken meet with Danny and accuse him of abandoning them and ruining the band. But all the same they plead with him to come back and help Kate, but he refuses. The film ends with a huge concert and the debut of a new song, although already drugged Kate is forced to go on stage by Woods, who forcibly holds her down while a doctor injects her with more drugs. Kate goes on with the band, performing the song Eighth Day . After the song Kate flees the stage into the Underground, where she begins hallucinating people dressed as her and her former bandmates, and has a nervous breakdown. The final scene shows Kate recuperating at a hospital, Danny comes to visit her and to bring her a synthesizer."] ['The film opens with several police officers dragging Sid Vicious  out of the Hotel Chelsea following the death of his girlfriend, Nancy Spungen . Vicious is soon driven to a police station and upon arrival is asked to describe what happened. A few years earlier, Vicious and Johnny Rotten  meet Spungen, a groupie who has come to London to bed The Sex Pistols. Vicious dismisses her at first, but starts dating her after she sells him heroin; it is implied that she introduces him to the drug. The two fall deeply in love, but their self-destructive, drug-fueled relationship frays Vicious\' relationship with the rest of the band, which eventually breaks up in the midst of a disastrous American tour. Vicious attempts to start a solo career with Spungen as his manager, only to be dismissed as a has-been. By now, both he and Spungen are heavily addicted to heroin, and Spungen has spiraled into a deep depression. It ends tragically one night when, during an argument in which Vicious announces his plans to stop using heroin and return to England, a suicidal Spungen begs him to kill her. They fight in a drug-induced haze, and he stabs her, although whether or not it was intentional is left to interpretation. They fall asleep and later Spungen awakes and stumbles into the bathroom, where she collapses and dies. Vicious is released on bail. After getting a pizza, some kids convince him to dance with them. In the meanwhile, a taxi with Nancy riding in the back seat picks Vicious up and drives away as Sid and Nancy embrace. The postscript then says that Vicious died of a heroin overdose: "Nancy and Sid R.I.P."'] ['The film opens with Jean  in the hospital with an undisclosed ailment. After checking out, he happens upon an enigmatic woman, Beatrice , who drives around in a convertible. He arrives at his apartment only to discover that his landlord, played by former Yardbirds manager Giorgio Gomelsky, is evicting him. Later, while trying to sell his art work, he encounters many downtown New York characters, from musician Arto Lindsay and his band DNA to David McDermott to graffiti artists Lee Quinones and Fab Five Freddy. Jean eventually does manage to sell some of his art work to a rich middle-aged woman who is interested in more than just his art, but she pays with a check. As the film progresses, he wanders the streets of New York City, looking for Beatrice. He catches performances by Kid Creole and the Coconuts and James White and the Blacks. Finally he happens upon a bag lady  who turns into a princess when he kisses her. As a reward, she gives him a stack of cash.'] ["The story is a retrospective, from the point of view of pit reporter Heather Vantress, who sits and remembers the horrors of the previous summer, the friends she made—few of whom survive. At first, the deaths that occur at the Warped Tour are ascribed by Lyman to negligence at the climbing wall or security being too hard on the kids. However, when Simple Plan's guitarist, Jeff Stinco, is impaled on a bass guitar, this is harder to explain away. The deaths continue to mount. Heather is suspicious that a bandanna-wrapped, goggle-wearing, sword bearing killer who seems responsible for many of the deaths, might be Lyman. Her suspicions are substantiated when he is seen dragging away a blood-daubed punk rock girl, who feebly protests that she is not dead and is promptly killed by Lyman for her trouble . The dead kids are apparently being used at the commissary to feed the bands and tour staff. Still, Lyman can't possibly be responsible for all the deaths, ranging from Bert McCracken of The Used to dozens, if not hundreds of fans. Despite this, and despite the continuing attrition of members of Simple Plan , the show must go on. Meanwhile, Belial is becoming increasingly concerned about the deaths of his bands, and sends two of his henchmen to scope out the situation. They find that the remaining members of Simple Plan and The Used have combined to form a new band, Simply Used . The new band and the henchmen are promptly electrocuted by the killer. Deprived of most of its headliners, the tour limps on until finally, all the fans and most of the bands are killed in the destruction of the Tour venue in Asbury Park, New Jersey--what is seen is the implosion of Philadelphia's Veterans Stadium. Heather goes to New York to confront Belial, who claims to be unable to retrieve the demonic powers he gave Brutal Enigma. But Heather and Kevin are able to stop the killers, who turn out to be zombies. The Tour will go on—next year—with the headliner the fictional band Atticus, given actual life thanks to Belial."] ['The film begins showing the roots of punk music with many views on various artists and genres who accentuated the beginning of the genre, like the MC5 and the Velvet Underground. Punk: Attitude then proceeds chronologically to sort through the various artists and alumni who were central to the movement, drawing light on the general idea or "Attitude" of the punk movement, which spoke out for a generation. Bands such as The Ramones, The Stooges, The Clash and The Sex Pistols feature prominently throughout. The movie offers a canvas of praise and respect given from many interviewees as these bands are heralded commonly as the beginning of Punk progressively through the movie. Rare concert footage and personal accounts of gigs and band meetings highlight the aggression and destructive entities with surprising accuracy. The movie wraps up by emphasizing the influence that punk has on modern music.'] ['Corinne Burns is a seventeen year old girl whose mother has recently died from lung cancer. Working in a fast food restaurant to help support herself and her younger sister, Corinne is interviewed by a local television station for a story about her town\'s dwindling economy. During the interview, Corinne becomes angry and belligerent towards the reporter, eventually lashing out at her boss and getting fired. The segment resonates with the station\'s teenage viewers, who see Corinne as a kindred spirit. The station does a follow-up interview, which primarily consists of Corinne acting flippant and making sarcastic remarks to the journalist. She does, however, manage to slip in a plug for her garage band, "The Stains," which consists of herself, her sister Tracy, and their cousin Jessica. Emboldened by appearing on television, Corinne attends a concert put on by small-time promoter Lawn Boy, featuring the washed-up metal band The Metal Corpses and their opening act, an up-and-coming punk band called the Looters. Eager to end hostilities between the jaded Metal Corpses and the hedonistic Looters, Lawn Boy signs The Stains without having heard them perform. Corinne and the Stains join the bands on tour, witnessing firsthand the bands\' animosity towards one another, largely the result of the conflict between the aging Lou, the front man for the Metal Corpses, and Billy, the Looters\' volatile lead singer. At their first show, the Stains prove to be completely inept as a band: Neither Jessica nor Tracy can play instruments, and Corinne sings in an off-key monotone. The audience reacts angrily, prompting Corinne to lash out at them for a variety of real and perceived faults. After the show, the Metal Corpses\' drummer is found dead in the bathroom; the Metal Corpses decide to leave the tour, with Lawn Boy making the Looters the new headliners with the Stains as their opening act. A dissatisfied Billy asks Lawn Boy to replace the Stains as soon as possible. At their next show, Corinne debuts a new, more extreme punk look, with hair dyed to resemble a skunk and a see-through blouse worn over a pair of bikini briefs. Claiming that she "never puts out," she goes on another tirade, garnering media attention. While male journalists focus on Corinne\'s antisocial attitude and the band\'s lack of talent, female journalists perceive Corinne\'s rants as calls for female empowerment and hail the Stains as a new voice of feminism. Almost literally overnight, the Stains become a national sensation, with girls all over the country emulating Corinne in every way possible, from dying their hair to running away from home. At a tour stop, Billy and Corinne get a motel room, where Billy attempts to seduce Corinne by sharing his feelings about the band and his own frustrations as an artist. Over the course of their conversation, Billy recites the lyrics to a song, "Join the Professionals," which sums up his most personal feelings about the state of the world. (This was an actual song written and previously recorded by Jones and Cook\'s post-Pistols band, The Professionals.[[The_Professionals_#Singles|The Professionals  At their next stop, the band is met by Lawn Boy\'s agent, Dave Robell, with the intended replacement act for the Stains. Although Billy tells Corinne that he only wanted her replaced early on in the tour, Corinne lashes out at him, and at the Stains\' next show, she plagarizes Billy\'s song, which skyrockets the band to even further stardom. With Robell\'s encouragement, Corinne signs a new contract, cutting Lawn Boy out of any royalties and making the Stains the new headliner act of the tour. At the Stains\' first show, Billy delivers a speech to the crowd about how the Stains have betrayed their "never put out" mantra by becoming corporate sell outs; when the Stains come onstage, the fans riot, and Corinne is attacked by a girl with a tube of hair dye. The tour becomes a financial disaster and Robell cancels the Stains\' contract. Corinne responds by attacking him with a bottle opener and robbing him of the money he has in his wallet; Corinne then presents it to Lawn Boy as an apology. The next morning, Corinne appears on television, where a journalist chastises her for having been a poor role model to her fans. Billy apologies for ruining Corinne\'s career and asks her to come back as the Looters\' opening act. Corinne refuses; as she wanders the streets, she overhears a radio broadcast identifying the Stains\' first song as a hit record. Some time in the future, the Stains make their MTV debut, having become a successful act on Lawn Boy\'s new record label.'] ["The film is about two teenage runaways, Nicky Marotta  from a poor family and Pamela Pearl  from a rich family, living in New York City. After escaping from a hospital , Nicky and Pamela link up with sympathetic disc jockey Johnny LaGuardia . The two girls form an underground punk rock band, The Sleez Sisters, and become a hit with the city's disillusioned youth after broadcasting their volatile songs and speeches on LaGuardia's radio station. The climax of the film features all the fans of The Sleez Sisters congregating in the streets of New York's Times Square for a rooftop concert."] ['The story opens in the late 1970s in the Pennines, where Tony Wilson , reporting for Granada Television embarks on a hang gliding adventure, despite not having any training. After crashing several times and receiving a "rather unfortunate" injury to his coccyx, he walks away, then turns to the camera, breaking the fourth wall, saying the scene was symbolic of what is to come on many levels. Wilson is dissatisfied with his job as a television news reporter, finding stories like the hang-gliding stunt unfulfilling, telling his producer, Charles ([[John Thomson , "I\'m a serious fucking journalist ... I went to Cambridge." Wilson then attends a concert in June 1976 at Manchester Lesser Free Trade Hall by the Sex Pistols . Despite only being attended by 42 people, Wilson cites the concert as a great historical event that would inspire attendees to "go out and perform wondrous deeds". For his part, Wilson, the host of a music show, So It Goes, decides to move beyond just putting bands on television and get into promoting concerts. With some friends, actor Alan Erasmus  and Rob Gretton , Wilson starts a weekly series of punk rock shows at a Manchester club. It is during the opening night, and a performance by a band Gretton manages called Joy Division, that Wilson is caught by his wife, Lindsay , getting fellatio from a woman in the back of the club owner Don Tonay \'s "nosh van". She then retaliates by having sexual intercourse in a toilet cubicle with the Buzzcocks\' Howard Devoto , and is caught by Tony . The real Devoto, portraying a janitor cleaning the bathroom sink, then turns to the camera a few seconds after Wilson passes him by and says "I definitely don\'t remember this happening." Wilson continues in the music business, and with his friends, starts Factory Records, signing Joy Division , led by erratic, brooding lead singer Ian Curtis , as the first band. Showing his dedication, Wilson prepares a record contract for the band, written in his own blood, giving the artists full control over their music. Irascible producer Martin Hannett  is hired to record Joy Division, and though he is difficult to work with – he orders Joy Division drummer Stephen Morris, to dismantle his drum kit and reassemble it on the roof of the studio – the results are the work of genius, and soon Joy Division have a hit record. The success is short-lived, however, when, just before Joy Division is to tour the United States, Curtis commits suicide by hanging himself. The news is broken to Wilson as he is preparing to do a news report about a Chester town crier, and the distraught Wilson asks the crier to report on Curtis\' death. Joy Division beat the odds and survive the death of their lead singer, going on to rename themselves New Order, and record the hit song "Blue Monday". Factory Records continues with the building of its nightclub, The Haçienda, with an opening night performance by Factory band A Certain Ratio in front of less than 40 customers. The Haçienda shown in the film was not the real club, but a replica built in a Manchester factory space; the original club was closed in 1997 and demolished in 2002, replaced by luxury apartments. The exterior of the building is used in some scenes.{{cite news}} Another hit band, the Happy Mondays, are signed, and the beginning of the ecstasy-fuelled rave culture is witnessed. Despite all the success, Factory Records is losing vast amounts of money, both on The Haçienda and on recording its bands. In one scene, Erasmus points out  that the label is actually losing 5 pence for every copy of the 12-inch single for "Blue Monday" that is sold because the intricately designed packaging by Peter Saville costs more than what the records are being sold for. Saville is additionally portrayed for having a reputation for missing deadlines, turning in posters and tickets for club dates after the events have already occurred. The Factory partners try to save the label by selling it to London Records, but when it is revealed that Factory does not hold valid contracts with any of its artists, the deal falls through. Other troubles include the drug use by the Happy Mondays\' Shaun Ryder , who holds the master tapes for the band\'s troubled fourth studio album hostage until Wilson gives him some money. When the master tape is played, it turns out that Ryder, despite being hailed by Wilson as "the greatest poet since Yeats", was unable to write any lyrics , so all the tracks to the album, expensively recorded in Barbados, are instrumentals. Hannett has also become unpredictable, attempting at one time to shoot Wilson with a pistol. He has a falling out with Factory Records over finances, and spirals into decline due to alcohol and drug abuse and weight gain, and dies aged 42. Meanwhile, various aspects of Wilson\'s life are glossed over, and Wilson takes a moment to acknowledge this, quickly skimming over his divorce from his first wife, Lindsay, his second marriage and children, and his relationship with beauty queen Yvette Livesey . His own drug problems and professional difficulties are also glossed over. "I\'m a minor character in my own story," Wilson explains, saying that the stories about the music, as well as Manchester itself, are more important.'] ["Directors and producers Ivan Kral and No Wave filmmaker Amos Poe use actual behind-the-scenes footage of punk musicians before they became icons – Iggy Pop, Blondie, Patti Smith. Also, there is The Ramones, Television, Talking Heads, New York Dolls, The Heartbreakers, The Shirts, Wayne County, Robert Gordon as visitors to New York's CBGB's, Film locations include Max's Kansas City, Bottom Line, Bowery, and the Lower East Side."] ['This documentary film addresses the birth and evolution of hardcore punk rock from 1978 to 1986 . The documentary boasts extensive underground footage shot during the height of the hardcore movement. It features exclusive interviews with early hardcore punk music artists from bands such as Black Flag, Minor Threat, Bad Brains, and many more.'] ['The film involves hardcore street punks called "gutter punks" who take the anti-establishment message with extreme seriousness, and tune out society completely. Spheeris talks to homeless teenagers living on the street or squatting in abandoned buildings in Los Angeles, as well as an unstable mother, Los Angeles Police Department officer Gary Fredo, and a paralyzed youth living on a disability. Performances by four bands were filmed: Final Conflict, Litmus Green, Naked Aggression and The Resistance.'] ['Guitarist Steve Jones plays a detective who - through a series of set piece acts - uncovers the truth about the band. Drummer Paul Cook and bass guitarist Sid Vicious play smaller roles, and the band\'s manager, Malcolm McLaren, is featured as "The Embezzler", the man who manipulates the Sex Pistols. Fugitive train robber Ronnie Biggs, performer Edward Tudor-Pole and actress Irene Handl also make appearances. The movie tells a stylised fictional account of the formation, rise and subsequent breakup of the band, from the point of view of their then-manager Malcolm McLaren. In the film, McLaren claims to create the Sex Pistols and manipulate them to the top of the music business, using them as puppets to both further his own agenda , and to claim the financial rewards from the various record labels the band were signed to during their brief history - EMI, A&M, Virgin, and Warner Bros. Records.'] ["Featuring concert footage of legendary Los Angeles punk bands and interviews both with band members, the publishers of Slash fanzine, and with the punks who made up their audience, the film offers a look into a subculture that was largely ignored by the rock music press of the time. The promotional poster for The Decline  featured a close-up frame of Germs singer Darby Crash supine on stage with his eyes closed. Crash died from a heroin-induced suicide shortly before the film was released . Bands included are Black Flag, Germs, X, Alice Bag Band, Circle Jerks, Catholic Discipline, and Fear. The Germs' performance was replicated in the film What We Do Is Secret biopic, as well as a replication of the image on the soundtrack's front cover."] ["The movie is about a documentary team that follows the reunion of Hard Core Logo. Joe Dick gets the band back together ostensibly for an anti-gun benefit after hearing Canadian punk rock legend Bucky Haight, and personal mentor, is shot. They begin the tour in Vancouver and travel to Edmonton, via Winnipeg. On the way the band's dark secrets are revealed. John Oxenberger loses his schizophrenia medication and slowly loses his sanity. Billy Tallent finds out that by going on tour he loses his position in main stream rock band Jenifur and with that his one shot at stardom. The band stops by Bucky Haight's reclusive estate only to find he was never shot and that Joe Dick fabricated the lie in order to get the band together. The band and documentary crew drop acid and experience hallucinations. Bucky admonishes Joe Dick for using him to get the band together. At Edmonton, Billy Tallent finds out he has another opportunity to permanently join Jenifur. Joe Dick finds out from the film crew and later attacks Billy on stage. Joe Dick destroys Billy Tallent's Fender Stratocaster, which was a gift from Bucky Haight, and the band parts ways. In the final scene Joe Dick drinks with the documentary crew members and shoots himself."] ['A vibrant chronicle of one of today’s most notorious and revered live bands, Gogol Bordello, and front man Eugene Hütz’s gypsy-punk Ukrainian immigrant. Filmmaker Margarita Jimeno tracks their raucous gigs from 2001 to 2007, from NYC to Italy, as the band rises from dingy basements to international main-stages, from underground legends to international rock stars, music is non-stop.'] 