[' At Culver University in Virginia, General Thaddeus "Thunderbolt" Ross  meets with Dr. Bruce Banner , the colleague and lover of his daughter Betty , regarding an experiment which is meant, as Ross claims, to make humans immune to gamma radiation. The experiment—which is part of an operation Ross hopes will restart Dr. Abraham Erskine\'s failed "super soldier" program —fails and exposes Banner to huge amounts of gamma radiation. This has the effect of transforming Banner into the Hulk whenever Banner becomes angry. As the Hulk, he destroys the lab and injures Betty. Afterwards, he flees the scene. Banner, realizing what he had done, leaves the U.S, becoming a fugitive from the U.S. military on orders by Ross. Five years later, Banner works at a bottling factory in Rocinha, Rio de Janeiro, while searching for a cure for his condition. On the Internet, he collaborates with a colleague he knows only as "Mr. Blue", and to whom he is "Mr. Green". He is also learning meditative breathing techniques from a martial arts expert  to help keep control, and has not transformed in record 158 days. After Banner cuts his finger, a drop of his blood falls into a bottle, and is eventually ingested by a consumer  in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, creating medical complications. Using the bottle to trace Banner\'s location, Ross sends a team, led by British Royal Marine Emil Blonsky  to capture him. Banner transforms into the Hulk and defeats Blonsky\'s team. After Ross explains how Banner became the Hulk, Blonsky agrees to be injected with a small amount of a serum developed as part of the same operation, which gives him enhanced speed, strength, agility and healing, but after time it begins to distort his skeleton. Banner returns to Culver University and reunites with Betty, who is dating psychiatrist Leonard Samson . Banner is attacked by Ross and Blonsky\'s forces, tipped off by the suspicious Samson. The Hulk dispatches Ross and Blonsky\'s team and flees with Betty. After the Hulk reverts to Banner, he and Betty go on the run. Banner makes contact with Mr. Blue, who urges them to meet him in New York City. He turns out to be cellular biologist Dr. Samuel Sterns , who tells Banner he has developed a possible antidote to Banner\'s condition. After a successful test, though he warns Banner that the antidote may only reverse each individual transformation, Sterns reveals he has synthesized Banner\'s blood samples, which Banner sent from Brazil, into a large supply, with the intention of applying its "limitless potential" to medicine. Appalled and fearful of the Hulk\'s power falling into the hands of the military, Banner attempts to convince Sterns to destroy the blood supply. Ross\' forces attack and take Banner into custody with Betty. Blonsky forces Sterns to inject him with Banner\'s blood, as he covets the Hulk\'s power. Sterns warns that the combination of the super-soldier formula and Banner\'s blood may cause him to become an "abomination". Unconcerned, Blonsky forces Sterns to administer the blood and a gamma charge. The experiment mutates Blonsky into a creature with strength surpassing that of the Hulk. Abomination then attacks Sterns, who gets some of Banner\'s blood into a cut on his forehead causing it to bulge and mutate him. Abomination then rampages through Harlem. The basic problem is that, unlike Hulk, Abomination cannot revert back to normal Blonsky state. Realizing that the Hulk is the only one who can stop Abomination, Banner convinces Ross to release him. He jumps from Ross\' helicopter and transforms after hitting the ground. After a long and brutal battle through Harlem, the Hulk defeats Abomination by choking him with a huge chain, relenting only after Betty\'s plea to spare him. After having a small, peaceful moment with Betty, the Hulk flees from the scene, and Banner escapes from New York. A month later, Banner is in Bella Coola, British Columbia. Instead of trying to suppress his transformation, he is attempting to transform in a controlled manner. As his eyes turn green, a grin appears on his face, revealing he now has control of the Hulk, and ability to transform whenever he wants to do and fully control his powers. In a local bar, General Ross is approached by Tony Stark , who reveals that a "team" is being formed and he wants Hulk in it, urging Ross to trace Hulk.'] [' In 2233, the Federation starship USS Kelvin is investigating a "lightning storm" in space. A Romulan ship, the Narada, emerges from the storm, and attacks the Kelvin. Narada{{\'}}s first officer, Ayel, demands that the Kelvins Captain Robau come aboard to discuss a cease fire. Once aboard, Robau is questioned for an ambassador, named Spock, whom he does not know, and is killed by the Narada{{\'}}s commander Nero when he mentions the stardate and the Narada resumes the assault on the Kelvin. The Kelvin{{\'}}s first officer, Lieutenant Commander George Kirk, orders the ship\'s personnel evacuated via shuttlecraft, including his pregnant wife, Winona. Kirk sacrifices himself by steering the Kelvin on a collision course, while Winona gives birth to their son, James Tiberius Kirk. As the years pass, on Vulcan, a young Spock is invited to join the prestigious Vulcan Science Academy. However, upon learning that the Academy views his human mother Amanda Grayson as a "disadvantage", he decides to join Starfleet instead. Meanwhile on Earth, Kirk has become a reckless but intelligent young man. After a bar fight involving friends of Uhura, a Starfleet cadet, Kirk meets Captain Christopher Pike, who encourages him to enlist in Starfleet Academy, where he meets and befriends the cynical doctor Leonard McCoy. Three years later at the Academy, Commander Spock accuses Cadet Kirk of cheating during his Kobayashi Maru simulation. The disciplinary hearing is interrupted when Starfleet receives a distress signal from Vulcan. With the primary fleet out of range, cadets are mobilized to crew ships waiting in orbit. McCoy and Kirk board Pike\'s ship, the Enterprise. Realizing that the "lightning storm" observed by Vulcan is similar to the one that occurred when he was born, Kirk convinces Pike to raise the shields and thus be ready for the waiting trap. The Enterprise arrives at Vulcan to find the rest of the fleet destroyed and the Narada drilling into Vulcan\'s core. After the Enterprise is attacked by the Narada, Pike surrenders, gives Spock command of the ship and promotes Kirk to first officer. Kirk, Hikaru Sulu, and Chief Engineer Olson perform a space jump<ref namehttp://www.cnn.com/2009/SHOWBIZ/Movies/05/08/the.scene.star.trek/index.html#cnnSTCText |titleCargill |first2009-05-08 |publisher2009-12-10}}<ref namehttp://blogs.discovermagazine.com/badastronomy/2009/05/08/ba-review-star-trek |titlePlait |first2009-05-08|workKalmbach Publishing|accessdate=December 10, 2009}} onto the drilling platform and disable it. However, Nero launches "red matter" into the core and creates an artificial black hole, destroying the planet and killing most of its inhabitants. Spock manages to rescue the Vulcan high council and his father Sarek, though his mother falls to her death. As Nero tortures Pike to gain access to Earth\'s perimeter defenses, Kirk is stranded on Delta Vega after attempting to stage a mutiny. Kirk encounters Spock Prime, who explains that he and Nero are from 129 years into the future, when Romulus is threatened by a volatile supernova. Spock intended to use "red matter" to create a black hole to stop the supernova, but failed, and the blast destroyed the planet, killing Nero\'s wife and family. The Narada attacked Spock\'s vessel, and both were caught in the new black hole, sending them back in time. Nero captured Spock and stranded him on Delta Vega to watch Vulcan\'s destruction. Reaching a nearby Starfleet outpost, Kirk and Spock Prime meet Montgomery Scott. With Spock Prime\'s help, Kirk and Scott beam onto the Enterprise. Following the elder Spock\'s advice, Kirk mocks Spock\'s lack of emotion to provoke an emotional response. Spock attacks Kirk, then realizes that the destruction of his planet and death of his mother have compromised him emotionally, and relinquishes command to Kirk. After talking with Sarek, Spock decides to help Kirk carry out a sneak attack on the Narada. While the Enterprise hides itself under the gas clouds of Titan, Kirk and Spock beam aboard the Narada; Kirk rescues Pike while Spock uses the elder Spock\'s ship to destroy the drill. Spock leads the Narada away from Earth and then programs his ship to collide with the Narada. Just before impact, the Enterprise arrives and beams Kirk, Pike, and Spock away. Spock Prime\'s ship and the Narada collide, igniting the "red matter" and creating a black hole. The Enterprise escapes, but the Narada and its crew are destroyed. On Earth, Kirk is promoted to the rank of Captain and given command of the Enterprise, while a wheelchair-bound Captain Pike is promoted to Rear Admiral. Spock encounters his older self in a Starfleet hangar; Spock Prime has selected a planet for the surviving Vulcans to colonize. He persuades his younger self to continue serving Starfleet, encouraging him to do what feels right, instead of what is logical. Spock remains in Starfleet and becomes first officer under Kirk\'s command. The Enterprise goes to warp as the elder Spock narrates the "where no man has gone before" monologue.'] ['Eddie Bob, a struggling animal trainer and widower dad, is an assistant animal trainer to Sal DeMarco, an untalented, egocentric animal show host. Both men have been hired to train the animals for a film called Frizzy, The Bichon Frise: Sal as the dog handler, and Eddie is given only the responsibility of training the lizard. When Frizzy is kidnapped, Sal quickly claims that Eddie was responsible for the dog handling. Eddie is promptly fired. The director refuses to pay the ransom and decides to instead hold auditions for the new Frizzy. Meanwhile, Eddie\'s son, Billy Bob, is walking around town when he discovers a large, stray dog is following him. Billy then brings the dog home and names him Beethoven after the dog shows interest in Ludwig van Beethoven\'s 5th symphony, after initially trying to call him Wolfgang. Eddie comes home to discover that, not only is his job gone, but now his house is wrecked by an oversized dog adopted by his son. Will soon learns that the one responsible for Frizzy\'s disappearance is Sal, accompanied by his two other cronies. He admonishes them for not waiting until Frizzy had already shot some of the movie, in order to make her valuable. The next day, when auditions are held, the director has trouble finding the right dog to replace Frizzy. Eddie has arrived  to pick up his lizard, Pete. Suddenly, Beethoven bursts in and performs an impressive chase scene with Pete the Lizard, which instantly makes the director love him. Beethoven and Eddie are hired on the spot, and Sal is sacked. To celebrate, Eddie takes Billy and Beethoven out for hamburgers, but Beethoven escapes with the burgers and leads Eddie and Billy on a chase. Finally, they find where Beethoven was going: he had been caring for his three small pups in an alley, as their mother had apparently died. In Beethoven\'s 2nd, she wasn\'t heard from again. Eddie begrudgingly adopts the puppies, as well. Eddie is then charged with having Beethoven perform the requested stunts in the movie. Unfortunately, Beethoven proves to be "untrainable", and instead, often crashes through the scene and making a sloppy mess in the process. Each time, Eddie is prepared to be fired, but the director finds these scenes even more funny and orders the scenes printed for the film. Lisa, the film\'s writer, requests from Eddie to spend more time with Beethoven so that she can write more appropriately for him. As revenge for being fired, Sal orders his henchmen to kidnap Beethoven for the million-dollar ransom, planning to kill him after the ransom is paid. They kidnap him while Billy is flirting with his crush in the park. Eddie, Billy, Lisa, and the puppies then head to Sal\'s show stage, which doubles as his secret lair, and rescue Beethoven. Sal and his goons are arrested, and Eddie and Lisa begin a relationship. The film ends with Eddie, Lisa, Billy, Katie, Beethoven, the pups, and Pete the iguana, all enjoying snacks while watching the film\'s premiere. The end credits have movie title parodies. These include Dog-E, When Hairy Met Frizzy and The Lizard of Oz. During the Gag Reel, Jonathan Silverman refers to Sal DeMarco as "Ned Ryerson". This is because the actor who played Sal, Stephen Tobolowsky, portrayed the character Ned Ryerson in the Bill Murray comedy, Groundhog Day.'] ['Will Rodman  is a scientist at biotechnology company Gen-Sys who has been trying to develop a cure for Alzheimer\'s disease and is testing a new gene therapy drug on chimpanzees. The drug, a modified virus, mutates a chimpanzee, giving her a human level of intelligence. She later goes on a rampage which is seen as a side effect of the drug. When Will\'s boss Steven Jacobs  subsequently orders chimp handler Robert Franklin  to euthanize the remaining test chimpanzees Franklin discovers the chimp had given birth and was only protecting her baby. Unable to bring himself to kill the baby chimp, Robert gives him to Will, who takes him home to raise. Will\'s father Charles , who is suffering from Alzheimer\'s disease, names the baby chimp "Caesar." Caesar  has inherited his mother\'s high intelligence and develops quickly. One day, after he frightens the children of their neighbor, Douglas Hunsiker , and receives a cut on his palm, Will takes him to the San Francisco Zoo where primatologist Caroline Aranha  treats his injury. Will begins to take Caesar on excursions to the redwood forest at Muir Woods National Monument, but after seeing a family\'s German shepherd, Caesar begins to resent his status as a human "pet." When Caesar questions his identity, Will tells him that his mother was given a drug and that the reason for his intelligence is that the drug affected him while still in the womb. Caesar becomes more aware of his biological identity and begins to view himself as different from his human family. A desperate Will tests a sample of his cure on his father. At first, his father\'s condition improves, but eventually his dementia returns. Confused, he attempts to drive Hunsiker\'s car, and damages it, angering Hunsiker. Caesar witnesses the confrontation and attacks Hunsiker, prompting authorities to place him in a primate shelter run by John Landon ([[Brian Cox , where he is treated cruelly by the other apes and the chief guard, Landon\'s son Dodge . Caesar escapes from his cell and frees a gorilla called Buck kept in solitary confinement. With Buck\'s assistance, Caesar gains dominance over the other apes by beating the sanctuary\'s alpha chimp. Will creates a more powerful form of the virus to resume treating his father, and boss Jacobs clears its testing on chimpanzees, which further increases their intelligence. However, unbeknownst to the scientists, it is fatal to humans. Franklin is exposed to the new virus and begins sneezing blood. Attempting to contact Will at his home, he accidentally infects Hunsiker, and he is then later discovered dead in his apartment. Will attempts to warn Jacobs against further testing but when Jacobs refuses to listen, Will quits his job. After his father\'s death, Will bribes the elder Landon into releasing Caesar into his custody, but Caesar refuses to leave. He later escapes from the ape facility on his own and returns to Will\'s house, where he steals canisters of the new virus and releases it throughout the cage area at the facility, enhancing the intelligence of his fellow apes. The apes put an escape plan into motion. Landon\'s son Dodge attempts to intervene, leading to a fight with Caesar. Caesar shocks Dodge by shouting "No!" at him, and later kills him through electrocution. The liberated apes storm the city and release the remaining apes from Gen-Sys, as well as the entire ape population of a zoo. A terrible battle follows as the apes force their way past a police blockade on the Golden Gate Bridge to escape into the Redwood forest. Buck sacrifices his life to save Caesar, jumping into a police helicopter  as they try to shoot Caesar. Buck damages the helicopter severely forcing it to crash on the bridge. A still alive Jacobs trapped in the helicopter is finally killed when Koba, an ape who had spent a lifetime being tested on, kicks the helicopter off the bridge. As the apes find their way into the Redwood forest Will arrives and warns Caesar that the humans will hunt them down, and begs him to return home. To Will\'s surprise Caesar speaks like a human, telling him that "Caesar is home" among his fellow apes. The final image shows the apes climbing to the tops of the Redwood trees, looking out over the Golden Gate Bridge and the San Francisco Bay. In a post-credits scene, Hunsiker arrives at his job as an airline pilot. He sneezes out blood as he is infected by the virus he got from Franklin. The camera pans to a filled flight-status display board, zooming-in on New York implying the spread of a global pandemic.'] ['The film opens as Chief Inspector Charles Dreyfus  narrates a flashback of a soccer match semi-final between France and China. French coach Yves Gluant  comes down the stadium, wearing the Pink Panther diamond ring, and kisses his girlfriend, pop star Xania , after whispering something to her. After France wins the game, Yves dies with a poison dart in his neck and the Pink Panther missing from his hand. Eager to win the Medal of Honor , Dreyfus promotes a clumsy policeman and "village idiot", Jacques Clouseau , to the rank of Inspector and assigns him to the Pink Panther case. Meanwhile, Dreyfus assembles a secret team of top investigators to crack the case, allowing Clouseau to serve as the public face of the investigation so that media attention is focused on Clouseau rather than Dreyfus\'s team. Dreyfus assigns Gilbert Ponton  as Clouseau\'s assistant and instructs Ponton to keep him informed of Clouseau\'s actions. However, Dreyfus did not count on Ponton becoming good friends with Clouseau, and becoming remorseful of his orders. Bizu , the prime suspect, being a star footballer who hated Gluant, is shot in the head and killed. While at a casino to interrogate its owner, Raymond Larocque , Gluant\'s business partner, Clouseau encounters British Secret Agent 006, Nigel Boswell ; he was using the same cover setence Clouseau uses when looking for wires, so the Inspector discovered his identity quickly. Boswell foils a robbery at the casino by the notorious "Gas-Masked Bandits", using Clouseau\'s trenchcoat to hide his identity. Clouseau mistakenly receives credit for the deed in the press and is nominated for the Medal of Honour, much to Dreyfus\' dismay. Clouseau follows Xania to New York City, suspecting that she knows more than she is telling. However, despite Ponton\'s insistence that she is most likely a suspect because Gluant cheated on her, Clouseau decides Xania is innocent. Meanwhile, based on the fact that the poison that killed Gluant was derived from Chinese herbs, Dreyfus concludes that the killer is a Chinese envoy named Dr. Pang. Now ready to take charge of the case and win the Medal of Honour, Dreyfus has one of his officers switch Clouseau\'s bag with one full of weapons at the airport for his return flight to France. The bag sets off the metal detector at the security gate and Clouseau is arrested, thanks to his inability to pronounce the word "hamburger" correctly , the guard believing he said "Damburgert". Upon his return to France, the press vilifies him and Dreyfus strips him of his rank for "trying to become a hero". The Chief Inspector now plots to publicly arrest Dr. Pang at the Presidential Ball, where Xania will also be performing. At home, Clouseau is reading an online article about his arrest when he notices something significant in the photo. He deduces that the murderer will next try to kill Xania, and contacts Ponton. The two detectives rush to the Élysée Palace and sneak into the Presidential Ball with the help of Dreyfus\'s secretary, Nicole Durant . While Dreyfus arrests Dr. Pang for double murder, Clouseau and Ponton save Xania\'s life by capturing her would-be assassin, Yuri , the French soccer team\'s trainer, who believes he was the one who helped the team succeed, though Gluant took all the credit. Clouseau first explains that  every national soccer team\'s trainer is required by statute to have a knowledge of Chinese herbs, then notes that Bizu blackmailed Yuri from overhearing his rants against Gluant prior, resulting in Bizu being shot in the occipital lobe of the brain as Russian military are specifically trained to do; this leads Clouseau to believe Yuri to be the killer . Clouseau reveals that Yuri tried to kill Xania out of revenge for her dismissal of him as nothing, while dating Gluant. Clouseau also reveals that the Pink Panther diamond was never stolen, but is sewn into the lining of Xania\'s purse; Xania received it from Gluant as an engagement ring. She had kept it secret to avoid becoming a suspect in her late fiance\'s murder, which could have destroyed her singing career. Clouseau explains that he saw the diamond in the online photograph of his arrest, which showed Xania\'s purse on the airport\'s luggage scanner, but concludes that Xania is the rightful owner of the ring, as Gluant gave it to her before his death. For successfully solving the case, Clouseau wins the Medal of Honour. While leaving with Ponton, following the ceremony, Clouseau accidentally gets Dreyfus\'s jacket caught on his car; he remains oblivious to Dreyfus yelling in pain for him to stop the car. Dreyfus ends up in the hospital, severely injured and in several casts. Clouseau, Ponton and Nicole visit him. Dreyfus tries conveying his hatred of Clouseau to the inspector, but cannot speak clearly due to his injuries. After Clouseau wishes him well, the brake on Dreyfus\'s bed is accidentally released by the inspector. The bed races through the hospital and throws Dreyfus into the Seine. All three look at the open window Dreyfus fell from. Clouseau simply says "That breeze feels good."'] ['After killing a traitorous MI6 section chief—who has been selling classified information—and the station chief\'s contact, James Bond gets his double-0 status. The new agent 007 then goes to Madagascar in pursuit of an international bomb-maker named Mollaka. After a parkour chase to an embassy, Bond kills his target and blows up a part of the building in order to escape. Searching through Mollaka\'s mobile phone, Bond discovers a text message which he traces to Alex Dimitrios, an associate of banker and terrorist financer Le Chiffre. Le Chiffre\'s investments involve short-selling stock in successful companies and then engineering terrorist attacks to sink their share prices. Bond travels to Dimitrios\'s house in the Bahamas and seduces his wife, Solange. While answering a phone call, Solange reveals that her husband is flying to Miami; Bond leaves to pursue him. In Miami, 007 kills Dimitrios during a fight and then follows Le Chiffre\'s henchman, Carlos, to Miami International Airport. There, Bond foils Le Chiffre\'s plan to destroy the prototype Skyfleet airliner. Left with a huge loss and under pressure to recoup his terrorist clients\' money, Le Chiffre sets up a high-stakes Texas hold \'em tournament at the Casino Royale in Montenegro. Hoping that a defeat would force Le Chiffre to aid the British government in exchange for protection from his creditors, MI6 enters Bond into the tournament. On the train to Montenegro, Bond meets an ally, Rene Mathis, and Vesper Lynd, a Treasury agent who is looking after the $10&nbsp;million buy-in. During the tournament, Bond loses his initial stake and Vesper refuses to give him $5&nbsp;million to continue playing. Distraught over his failure, Bond resolves to assassinate Le Chiffre. Before he can, a fellow player reveals himself as CIA agent Felix Leiter, who offers to stake Bond in exchange for custody of Le Chiffre. Back in the game, Bond begins to amass chips. Le Chiffre and his associates attempt to kill Bond by poisoning his drink, but he survives with the help of Vesper and wins the tournament, and the winnings are deposited into a Swiss bank account. Soon afterward, Le Chiffre abducts Vesper and uses her as bait to capture Bond. Le Chiffre tortures Bond for the access code to the game\'s winnings, but is interrupted by Mr. White, who kills Le Chiffre and his associates. Bond awakens in a hospital on Lake Como and orders Mathis, whom Le Chiffre identified as a double agent, arrested. Bond admits his love for Vesper, and posts his resignation to M. The couple then goes to Venice. There Bond learns that his poker winnings were never deposited in the Treasury\'s account. Realising that Vesper has stolen them, he pursues her and members of the organisation for which she is working into a building under renovation, which is being kept from sinking only by inflatable supports. A gunfight ensues and the supports are punctured. Bond kills the men and tries to rescue Vesper, but she locks herself in an iron-frame lift and allows herself to drown as the building sinks. Mr. White, watching from a nearby balcony, walks away with the money. Bond rejoins the service and learns that Vesper had a French-Algerian boyfriend who was kidnapped by the organisation behind Le Chiffre and Mr. White in order to blackmail her into co-operation, and that she agreed to deliver the money in exchange for saving Bond\'s life. Bond then discovers White\'s name and cell phone number which he uses to find him where he demands answers before wounding him and introducing himself: "The name\'s Bond,... James Bond."'] [' As a child, Peter Parker discovers his father Richard\'s study has been ransacked. His father gathers concealed documents before Peter\'s parents take him to stay with his Aunt May and Uncle Ben. His parents leave, but are later killed in a plane crash. As a teenager, Peter is a student at Midtown Science High School, where he is bullied by Flash Thompson, and is romantically interested in the beautiful Gwen Stacy, the daughter of police captain George Stacy. At home, Peter discovers his father\'s documents, and learns he had been working with scientist Dr. Curt Connors at Oscorp to combine human and animal DNA to cure illnesses. Peter sneaks into Oscorp to meet Connors, who is pressured by his superior Dr. Ratha to complete his serum, and cure the terminally ill head of Oscorp Norman Osborn. Connors wants the cure himself to restore his missing arm. Meanwhile, Peter breaks into a lab where a "biocable"-a high strength strand of webbing-is created by genetically modified spiders, one of which bites him. During a subway ride home, a fight reveals that he has developed superhuman speed, strength, the ability to stick to surfaces, and a heightened sense of danger. Peter finds an algorithm in his father\'s documents and gives it to Connors−the missing key to his serum. In school, Peter damages school property during a confrontation with Flash and Ben is forced to work late so that he can pick up Peter. Ben tells Peter to escort May home that night. Peter ignores Ben in favor of helping Connors test their serum on a three-legged mouse. After he returns home, Peter fights with Ben about not picking up May, and Peter leaves. At a grocery store, the clerk rudely refuses to let Peter buy a drink, and when a thief steals money from the till, Peter lets the thief escape. Ben, searching the streets for Peter, confronts the thief, but is shot and killed. Peter responds to the gunshot and finds Ben\'s body. After seeing a police sketch of the suspect, Peter realizes it was the thief he let go. Peter hunts the killer, taking out other criminals as a result and attracting police attention for his vigilante actions. During one confrontation he falls into an abandoned gym, where a luchador-wrestling poster inspires him to create a mask to hide his identity. He creates a costume for himself with a spandex suit, and builds wrist-mounted mechanical devices that shoot biocable strands. Peter later reveals he is the vigilante to Gwen and they kiss. Seeing that the test mouse has regrown its missing limb using lizard DNA, Ratha demands human trials begin immediately. Connors refuses to risk innocent lives and is fired. Desperate, Connors tests the serum on himself and his missing arm regenerates. He learns that Ratha is going to test the serum on human subjects and goes to stop him, but his body begins to mutate. By the time he finds Ratha on the Williamsburg Bridge Connors has transformed into a large Lizard creature, tossing cars, including Ratha\'s, over the side of the bridge. Peter, now calling himself Spider-Man, manages to save Ratha and other civilians. Connors retreats into the sewer and reverts to human form. Peter later meets Connors in his office and suspects he is the Lizard, and later unsuccessfully confronts Connors\' Lizard form in the sewers, leaving behind his camera. Connors learns Peter\'s identity via the name on the camera and pursues him to Midtown Science High School where they fight. In response, the police start a manhunt for both Spider-Man and Lizard. Connors heads to Oscorp, intending to disperse his serum across the city and make everyone into lizards, while Gwen develops an antidote in Oscorp\'s lab. The police corner Spider-Man and Captain Stacy discovers that he is Peter, but lets him escape to go save Gwen. Spider-Man manages to replace Connors\' serum with the antidote, reverting Connors to human form, but not before Connors mortally wounds Captain Stacy. Before his death, Captain Stacy makes Peter promise to stay away from Gwen for her safety. He initially keeps the promise, but later admits that failed promises are the best kind. In a post-credits scene, an imprisoned Connors is confronted by an unseen man who asks if Connors told Peter the truth about his father. He replies, "No", and demands Peter be left alone before the man disappears.{{ref}}'] ['As a child, Bruce Wayne falls into a well, developing a fear of bats. Soon afterward, he witnesses his parents\' murder by mugger Joe Chill, leaving Bruce to be raised by the family butler, Alfred Pennyworth. Years later, Chill is granted parole in exchange for testifying against crime boss Carmine Falcone. Bruce, now a young man, intends to shoot him, but one of Falcone\'s assassins does so first. Rachel Dawes, Bruce\'s childhood friend and now an assistant district attorney, is disgusted by his desire for vengeance. As a result Bruce confronts Falcone, who berates him. Bruce decides to travel and learn about the criminal underworld, before becoming a criminal himself. In a Bhutanese prison, Henri Ducard offers to train him in the arts of stealth and fear as a member of the League of Shadows, led by Ra\'s al Ghul. After completing his training, Bruce learns the League\'s true intention is to liberate Gotham by destroying it. Bruce refuses and burns down the League\'s temple. Ra\'s is killed by falling debris, while Bruce saves an unconscious Ducard, leaving him with villagers. After meeting Alfred, Bruce returns to Gotham. Publicly posing as a playboy, he takes an interest in his family\'s company, Wayne Enterprises, a technology and defense conglomerate now run by the unscrupulous CEO William Earle. Bruce meets Lucius Fox, who introduces him to the company\'s prototype technologies, including an armored car and protective bodysuit. Taking these, Bruce finds an entrance to the cave under his well, confronts his fear of bats and creates a workshop, taking up the identity of "Batman". As Batman, he intercepts a drug shipment and provides Rachel with evidence to indict Falcone, empowering the honest Sgt. James Gordon and the Gotham police to arrest the previously untouchable Falcone. Meanwhile, a prototype water vaporizer is stolen from a Wayne Enterprises cargo ship. Back in Gotham, Falcone and his henchmen are declared mentally unfit for trial and transferred to Arkham Asylum by the corrupt Dr. Jonathan Crane, who had been using Falcone to import a dangerous hallucinogenic drug that causes severe psychosis. Crane exposes Falcone to the toxin while wearing a burlap mask, driving Falcone insane with fear of the "Scarecrow." While investigating Crane, Batman is also exposed to the drug and is rescued by Alfred and given an antidote by Fox. Rachel goes to Arkham, where Crane reveals that he has been dumping the toxin into Gotham\'s water supply before dosing her with it. She is rescued by Batman, who exposes Crane to the toxin and interrogates him. Crane reveals that the toxin is only dangerous if inhaled. Batman inoculates Rachel and gives her two vials of the antidote, one for Gordon and one for mass production. At his birthday celebration at Wayne Manor, Bruce is confronted by Ducard, who reveals himself to be the real Ra\'s al Ghul. Feigning drunkenness, Bruce kicks his guests out so they will be safe, leaving him alone with Ra\'s and his ninja. Ra\'s reveals the League\'s plan to destroy Gotham: having stolen the Microwave Emitter and conspired with Crane, they intend to vaporize the city\'s toxin-riddled water supply, creating mass hysteria and violence. The League sets fire to the mansion and Bruce is nearly trapped inside, but Alfred saves him at the last minute. As the League begins unleashing the toxin, Batman rescues Rachel from a drug-induced mob and reveals his true identity to her. He entrusts Gordon with the Tumbler and pursues Ra\'s, who is using Gotham\'s train system to deliver the weapon throughout the city. Batman confronts Ra\'s on the train and escapes just as Gordon uses the Tumbler to destroy the elevated tracks, leaving Ra\'s to die in the ensuing crash. Batman becomes a public hero, but simultaneously loses Rachel, who cannot bring herself to love both Bruce and Batman. Bruce buys a controlling stake in the now publicly traded Wayne Enterprises, fires Earle, and replaces him with Fox as the new CEO. Jim Gordon is promoted to Lieutenant, showing Batman the Bat-Signal and mentions a costumed criminal who leaves Joker playing cards at crime scenes. Batman promises to investigate this new criminal while disappearing into the night.'] 