['Young D.A. Louie Jeffries is hit by a car and dies in 1964, but manages to slip by the pearly gates and is instantly reborn. In 1987, 23 years later, his widow Corinne still misses him, ignoring the frustrated devotion of his best friend Phillip Train, who has pretty much raised his only daughter Miranda as his own. Miranda, while a student at Yale University meets Alex Finch, who works in the library but is about to graduate. After graduation, Alex schemes his way into the office of newspaper editor Ben Bradlee, at which time he meets Phillip, a journalist at Bradlee\'s newspaper. When Phillip brings Alex to meet the Jeffries family, Alex quickly realizes he is in fact Corinne\'s dead husband reborn. His memories of his life as Louie return just as Alex begins a romantic involvement with Louie\'s  daughter Miranda. Instead, Louie then spurns his daughter\'s advances and begins romancing his widow Corinne, frustrating Phillip\'s attempts to court Corinne, and resulting in a number of comic mixups. Soon, however, Alex/Louie realizes Phillip and Corinne should be together and arranges things so they can realize their love and he can get out of their way. Alex/Louie bursts into the courtroom accusing the judge of accepting a bribe  and tells where the camera with the pictures of the judge are. Alex falls down the stairs, hits his head, and ends up in the hospital. While unconscious, Alex is administered a special injecton he should have received at the pearly gates 23 years previous, to make him forget his past life as Louie. When he wakes, he tells Miranda that the last thing he remembers is them kissing in the corner of the refrigerator. He happily resumes romantic interest in Miranda, which she gladly accepts, having never been informed of his other identity by anyone. Newspaper headlines show the judge charged with accepting the bribe. Alex accepts a job offer as a reporter. His and Miranda\'s relationship continues with Phillip and Corinne\'s full knowledge and approval, although neither of them has forgotten "Louie" lives on in Alex.'] ['The film opens with a quotation from the Book of Psalms, Psalm 82:6–7: "I have said, Ye are gods; and all of you are children of the most High. But ye shall die like men, and fall like one of the princes." The monks\' peaceful routine of the prayer, medical assistance, and community interaction is soon interrupted by the threat of Islamic fundamentalists. When Christian, their elected leader, declines the protection of the corrupt civil authority, the monks divide amongst themselves on the question of whether to stay or flee Algeria. Before a decision is reached, a group of fundamentalists, led by Ali Fayattia, enters the monks\' compound in force on Christmas Eve and demands their doctor and his medical supplies. Christian refuses their requests and cites the Quran as proof of the monks\' goodwill. With a mixture of surprise and respect, Fayattia leaves the compound and grants it his protection until his capture, torture and death at the hands of government forces. Despite the growing danger, the monks come to consensus on the moral importance of maintaining their committed lives with, and ministry to, the local population, even when faced with violence and death. Ultimately, the terrorists seize most of the monks during a nighttime raid and hold them hostage. As the captive monks trudge a snowy path towards a grim fate, the film concludes with the spiritual testament of prior Christian de Chergé, bravely written in the face of death.fallibleblogma.com'] ['A tiny town in New Mexico is turned upside down when the image of Christ appears - burned onto a tortilla - in the community\'s only restaurant, "Tortilla Heaven." Chaos ensues among the townfolk.'] ['The story centers around Roy’s Grill, a fixture in the town since 1934. People drop by and see their friends. While they are at the restaurant everything is well. It is Christmastime and you see love is at its purest and the Gospel presented, along with the true meaning of Christmas. It all happens at a place where the best things in life are not on the menu.'] ['The film tells of Clara Goldstein  a Jewish woman who places a personal ad in the Buenos Aires newspaper requesting the company of an older Jewish man. Yet, her sole respondent Raul Ferraro  turns out to be a Gentile from Uruguay. Clara then spurns him, but soon she realizes she needs him. Her brother is about to visit her from Boston and she has been lying to him about being in a romantic relationship. Fortunately, Raul goes along with the ruse. Not long after, the couple fall in love.'] ['Chevy Chase plays a private investigator who is called to a job and is killed after finding a dead woman. The afterlife has not decided if he is destined for Heaven or Hell, so he is given the chance to return to Earth as a dog in order to solve the case and earn his way to Heaven.'] ['Daniel Miller , a Los Angeles advertising executive, dies in a car accident on his birthday and is sent to the afterlife. He arrives in Judgment City, a purgatory-like waiting area populated by the recently-deceased of the western half of the United States, where he is to undergo the process of having his fear-based life on earth judged. Daniel and the rest of the recently-deceased are offered many Earth-like amenities and activities in the city while they undergo their judgment processes—from all-you-can-eat restaurants , to bowling alleys and comedy clubs. As his defense attorney, Bob Diamond , explains to Daniel, people from Earth use so little of their brains  that they spend most of their lives functioning on the basis of their fears. "When you use more than 5% of your brain, you don\'t want to be on Earth, believe me," says Diamond. If the Judgement court determines that Daniel has conquered his fears, he will be sent on to the next phase of existence, where he will be able to use more of his brain and thus be able to experience more of what the universe has to offer. Otherwise, his soul will be reincarnated on Earth to live another life in another attempt at moving past his fears. In the process, he may advance up the universe\'s proverbial food chain. Daniel\'s judgment process is presided over by two judges . Diamond argues that Daniel should move onto the next phase. His formidable opponent is Lena Foster , who Diamond informs Daniel is known as "the Dragon Lady." Each utilizes video-like footage from selected days in the defendants\' lives, shown to the judges to illustrate their case. During the procedure, Daniel meets and falls in love with Julia , a woman who lived a seemingly perfect life of courage and generosity, especially compared to his. The proceedings do not go well for Daniel. Foster shows a series of episodes in which Daniel did not overcome his fears, as well as various other bad decisions and mishaps. The final nail in his coffin, it seems, is when Foster, on the last day of arguments, plays footage of his previous night with Julia, in which he declines to sleep with her, for what Foster believes is his same fear and lack of courage. It is ruled that Daniel will return to Earth. Meanwhile, Julia is judged worthy to move on. Before saying goodbye Diamond comforts Daniel with the knowledge that the court is not infallible and just because Foster won it doesn\'t mean she\'s right. Daniel remains disappointed. Daniel finds himself strapped to a seat on a tram poised to return to Earth, when he spots Julia on a different tram. On a spur-of-the-moment impulse he unstraps himself, escapes from the moving tram, and risks electrocution and injury to get to Julia. Although he cannot enter her tram at first, the entire event is being monitored by Diamond , who convince the judges that this last-minute display of courage has earned Daniel the right to move on. The judges agree and open the doors on Julia’s tram, allowing Daniel in, reuniting him with Julia and allowing them both to move on to their next phases of existence together.'] ['God appears as a kindly old man to Jerry Landers, an assistant supermarket manager. After some mixups in trying to set up an "interview," He tells Jerry that he has been selected to be His messenger to the modern world, much like a contemporary Moses. A bit timidly at first, Landers dutifully tells the world of his encounters with God becoming a national icon of comedic fodder. Understandably skeptical at first, Landers finds his life turned upside down as theologians attempt to discredit him. For instance, a group of religious leaders challenge him to answer a series of written questions in Aramaic while locked in a hotel room alone to prove God is directly contacting him. To Jerry\'s profound relief after an agonizing wait, God arrives and answers the questions. Eventually, Jerry decides to prove his story in a court of law, after being sued for slander by a charismatic preacher that God directed Jerry to call a "phony". Jerry argues that if God\'s existence is a reasonable possibility, then if He chooses he can materialize and sit in the witness chair. At first, God fails to appear, and the judge threatens to charge Jerry with contempt for "what you apparently thought was a clever stunt." Jerry argues that his point was that when he brought up the mere possibility that God would make a personal appearance, everyone clearly waited a moment to see if it would really happen — proving that he at least deserves the benefit of the doubt. Suddenly, without opening the doors, God appears and asks to be sworn in, concluding the procedure with "So help me Me." "If it please the court, and even if it doesn\'t please the court, I\'m God, your honor." God provides some miracles, first in the form of a few rather impressive card tricks for the judge. Then, to help the people believe, he leaves the stand, walks a few steps and, with everyone watching, literally disappears before their eyes. His disembodied voice then issues a parting shot: "It can work. Don\'t hurt each other. If it\'s hard to have faith in me, maybe it will help to know that I have faith in you." Jerry has lost his job, but God assures him that he\'s in "good hands". God gets ready to leave and is not coming back. Jerry then asks what if he needs to talk with him. God says to him "I\'ll tell you what, you talk. I\'ll listen". He then disappears. Jerry smiles as God departs.'] ["In Heaven, the last ten years have been tough—Hell has been winning the battle between Good and Evil. The managers of Heaven receive a request by a mother to save her son's soul and see the possibility of winning the soul of a boxer named Many  as an opportunity to shift the balance of power. Although Many is severely in debt and is even thinking of suicide, Lola , an angel, is sent to Earth to take over the role of the boxer's wife. To counter this, Hell's manager Jack Davenport  decides to send one of his more troublesome agents, Carmen , who was a male ex-gangster punished by being converted into a waitress, to fight back by impersonating Many's cousin. Though it starts out as a simple fight between heaven and hell for the soul of one man, a conspiracy in Hell and conflicting emotions interrupt the war between saints and sinners. Many is overprotective of Lola and after looking through the porn magazines that Carmen loved to browse through when she was still a man, he suspects a relationship between Lola and Carmen. Suddenly Many's soul becomes increasingly important and his weakened physical state creates a deadline by which he must go to Hell or Heaven. It is the job of the supernatural agents to tempt or save Many. The obstinate womanizing boxer inconsistently shows signs of regret and change, for example when he writes a letter of apology to his mother but doesn't send it. His ups and downs make it a hard job for both Carmen and Lola."] ["The film follows the courtship and marriage of Catherine Falconetti  to local butcher Joseph Santangelo , as well as Catherine's relationship with her overbearing Old World mother-in-law . The film also focuses on Catherine and Joseph's daughter Teresa , a devout Catholic more similar to her superstitious grandmother than with her modernized and secularized parents. As a child and young adult she puts herself through a series of trials so that she might one day be canonized as a saint. Teresa's teenage fantasy to become a nun is strained after starting a relationship with a marriage-minded young man . The film explores both family dynamics over the course of time as well as, on a larger level, the relationship between religious faith in miracles and modernity."] ["On the request of Lord Shiva, Goddess Parvathi  incarnates into goddess Angala Parameswari  in order to protect the earth and restore peace and righteousness. The movie starts when two families fix the marriage of their children namely Shankar and Kaveri, giving her a necklace. But, Lakshmana, the evil uncle of the Kaveri wanted to have his daughter married to the boy. Then. when Kaveri's parents were returning home by boat, Lakshmana drowns their boat, killing Kaveri's parents. But Kaveri survives and is rescued by the priest of the temple of Angala amman. He then leaves the baby inside the temple and goes to fetch milk to do amman's abhishek. Meanwhile the baby, notices that the statue of goddess Angala amman has breasts. Thinking the statue to be a woman she goes near it to be breastfed. Goddess Angala parameswari appears and breastfeeds the baby. Later on, the priest comes back and sees the baby at the breasts of the statue and understands what happened. Kaveri grows up under the protection of the priest and is also educated. Years pass by and Kaveri  grows up into a young woman and is a great devotee of Goddess Angala parameswari. After some time, Shankar, having become a doctor comes to the village to be married to Lakshmana's daughter. Shankar meets Kaveri while trying to heal her after being poisoned. Meanwhile, Kalabhujanga, the villain of the movie is in search of a pure virgin's blood in order complete an evil ritual. Kaveri was chosen to be the victim of his evil plan. When Kaveri is about to be married, kalabhujanga kills the groom and the news spread like wild fire. Everyone on the wedding place takes kaveri to be an inauspicious girl. Shankar was there. He takes the Taali and goes towards Kaveri. Kalabhujanga does not want this to happen. So, he attempts to kill Shankar but Goddess Angala Parameswari rescues their marriage. Lakshmana is disappointed when he hears that Shankar has married Kaveri. But Shankar's father recognizes Kaveri after seeing the necklace he had given to her when she was a baby. Lakshmana is angry and goes to see kalabhujanga to kill Kaveri. The Demon tries to kill her but Lakshmana's daughter becomes the target of Kalabhujanga and dies. Kaveri and Shankar have a son named Kishan. Yet the Demon doesn't want to renounce his evil plan. He tries everything to kill Kaveri, Shankar and their son. But, goddess Angala parameswari rescues them every time. Kalabhujanga tries his last attempt. While the family is on its way to the temple, kalabhujanga sends a tornado and brings the family to his domain. Goddess Angala Parameswari is bound by an army of ghosts sent by Kalabhujanga. Meanwhile, Kaveri is possessed by the soul of Kalabhujanga and tries to kill Kishan. but, Goddess Angala Prameswari succeeds in coming out right in the nick of time and takes out Kalabhujanga from the body of Kaveri. Yet the demon does not want to renounce. He multiplies himself into thousands and confuses the goddess. When Angala Parameswari cannot slay him, Lord Shiva and Mother Parvathi combine their forces with Angala Parameswari. Goddess Angala Parameswari expands her size and makes all the replicas of Kalabhujanga disappear leaving the real one all alone. Then Angala Parameswari binds Kalabhujanga with an illusive bondage and crushes him under her foot. The movie ends with Goddess Angala Parameswari giving vision to the whole family."] ['Satan has been cast out from hell and banished to Earth under decree of heaven. He can return, only through a series of temptations. However, for every soul who gives in to his tempting, one hundred years are added to his sentence. For every soul who resists, one thousand years are removed from his sentence. The film follows Satan throughout much of recorded history. Quoting the movie directly, God said to Satan, "But know thee that for each man yielding to thy temptation the doom upon thee shalt be prolonged by one hundred years, but for each one resisting thee, thou shalt be relieved of 1000 years of thy judgment. Get thee away and continue thy evil doings."'] ["The film follows Durell   and LeeJohn  in Baltimore, Maryland, who are best friends and bumbling petty criminals. At the beginning of the film the two have just began working in a store that repairs electronic goods and the manager is impressed by Durell's skillful ability to fix things. LeeJohn gets both men fired when he attempts to steal a TV from the store. Durrel attempts to find another honest job but no one he asks is willing to hire him and he has stated a criminal record on his application form. LeeJohn gets them a one-off job for a local criminal or con man Blahka who will pay them $3000. While attempting to deliver the ten stolen wheelchairs worth $1200 each, they lose the merchandise in a police chase. They are sentenced to 5000 hours of community services. Then they are told they have 24 hours to pay $12,000 to cover the loss or they will be shot dead. Simultaneously, Durell's son will move to Atlanta unless he gives his ex some money to pay her lease on her business premises. Durrell does not care about Blakha but neverthess the pair work together to raise the money they need. First they try to get a loan from a guy named Mordecai at a massage parlor. LeeJohn goes to get a massage hoping to get close to the pretty Chinese attendant, he enjoys the massage immensely but is scared away when his masseuse is revealed to be Mordecai . The next day Durrel attempts to take Lee John's mind off what happened by pointing out a beautiful girl, Tianna the pastor's daughter, heading into the church for service, they follow her into the church and join the mass for service. The church has raised 230,000 dollars and is considering moving to new premises. Lee John comes up with a desperate scheme to rob their neighborhood church. Durrel is against the idea but eventually seeing no other option agrees. Instead, they are forced to deal with much more than they bargained for. They enter the church's office and encounter the terrified and smarmy deacon, they realize the church is far from empty as they believed, they accompany the deacon to a meeting planning to leave quickly so that his absence does not cause suspicion. During the meeting it is made clear that the Deacon is pushing the pastor to move the church. Tianna sees the deacon for the money-hungry self-righteous man he is, but is unable to convince her father. She is however close to one of the Church senior members, Momma T. The church choir then show up for an unscheduled rehearsal further endangering the pairs' plans. Finally losing patience Durrel fires a gun into the air and orders the Deacon to get the money. When they try to steal the money they find that the money has already been stolen. Enraged they both hold the church hostage until the money turns up. Durrel ties the pastor up as he is defiant and difficult and interrogates everyone about the money's whereabouts. He appears to suspect Tianna who looks down on him for obvious reasons. She reminds him that the pastor is her father, Durrel rebukes her by reminding her without money the church could not move, to which she has no argument. Meanwhile Lee John takes a little boy Timmy to the bathroom as he was making a fuss about wanting to go when he says he'll take the child back to his mother  the boy reveals his real mother left him and Lee John feels empathy with the boy. The police pass by and Durrell orders everyone to the back room and orders Ricky to poke his head out the door and talk to them. Ricky does so and attempts to signal to them with blinks and long drawn out words, however he is just seen as eccentric. The hostages moan that it is too hot. Durell goes to fix the broken air conditioner while LeeJohn watches over the hostages. To Lee John's bewilderment sister Doris begins cooking for everyone, using the church's kitchen, she gives him a plate and fondly remembers how her husband loved her cooking on his birthday. He expresses his sadness at never having had a birthday as no one knew his birthday, and is comforted by Sister Doris. Meanwhile, Durell and Tianna go to fix the air conditioner. After an awkward conversation where Tianna warms to Durrel and questions what he is doing, they finally get the air-conditioning going, and Durell orders everyone back to the lobby. Then the blind, deaf janitor finds the missing money. Durell receives a phone call from his son, which he is ashamed to answer. Momma T then asks for Durell's purpose for what he is doing. Durell answers that he is doing it for his son. Momma T then says that Durell is doing it for himself, as he is blaming everyone but the person responsible, himself;  Durell says that he will not lose his son and leaves the money. Unfortunately, cops have surrounded the church blocking their way out. The pastor tells them to escape out the back, which leads to a chase in which gets the two of them caught. At the trial, which the entire church attends, the Deacon says that they have been accused of stealing 64,000 dollars. The amount of money collected was half of what the Deacon claimed was stolen, which puts the deacon at question. The case is dropped after no one stands when witnesses are called. Durell goes back to Omunique's apartment where he is confronted by the men who gave them the wheelchairs. After he explains his situation, the two men allow him to go and get his son. Omunique opens the door yelling at Durell asking him where did the money come from. The money was left at her doorstep and Durell tells her it was a gift and implores her not take his son away, saying that his son is all he has. She tells him that she will stay. In the end LeeJohn and Durrel appear much happier and it is implied that Durrel is closer to his ex-wife and son while LeeJohn remains close to Doris and Timothy. The remaining money is used to restore the community and Tianna is seen painting a community centre."] ['The film begins with a drunken and downtrodden Catholic priest stumbling aimlessly around town while "Please Call Me Baby", performed by Tom Waits, plays, then telling his story to a sympathetic bartender . Father Brian Finn  has been dedicated to his calling since he was a child and now shares the duties of a New York parish with an older priest, Fr. Havel . Rabbi Jacob "Jake" Schram , best friends with Brian since childhood, is the youngest rabbi at his Conservative synagogue; his lack of effort to find a Jewish wife often results in his mother  and other women of his congregation setting him up on blind dates, much to his dismay. The two men show a close bond, even in their professions, where the two are planning the opening of a jointly sponsored community center. In its earlier days, the friendship included a third party. Via flashbacks and reminiscent musings, Anna Reilly  is introduced: she met Jake and Brian in middle school, after beating up a bully who was picking on them. The three enjoyed attending ballgames, playing sports, and riding the subway around the city together, as well as getting into typical mischief. Unfortunately, Anna\'s father got a new job that resulted in the Reillys moving cross-country to California. Years later, Anna calls her old friends out of the blue and the friendship is rekindled when her company temporarily re-assigns her to a New York position. Feelings quickly begin to run deeper than before, as Anna, despite her workaholic tendencies, is as vibrant as Brian and Jake remembered her; however, it is, ironically, the men\'s careers that prove to be the most problematic. She and Jake start sleeping together, but he is reluctant to be involved in a serious relationship with her because she is not Jewish, a fact which could compromise his relationship with his congregation and also with his mother . Between the religious conflict and their desire to spare the feelings of their mutual friend, the relationship is kept mostly secret, resulting in both humorous and harmful complications. Meanwhile, Brian is involved in his own test of faith as he struggles with his feelings for Anna despite his vows. Apart from praying about the situation and discussing it with Fr. Havel, he keeps these thoughts mostly to himself. Brian begins misinterpreting Anna\'s words and actions  and even has an erotic dream about her; he begins to seriously consider quitting the priesthood to pursue a romantic relationship with her. Anna tells Jake that she wants things to be more serious between them and he does not respond well. When Jake\'s mother discovers their relationship, the two have an argument over the religious issues complicating their romance, which ends in the two parting ways in frustration. Anna turns to Brian for comfort and he rushes over to her apartment. Still unaware of what\'s been going on, he takes her tearful ramblings to be a confession of feelings for him, then kisses her and admits his love. When she interrupts him, he first assumes it to be guilt based on his vows, but she tells him she is in love with Jake. Feeling embarrassed and rejected, Brian raids Anna\'s liquor cabinet, angrily cutting off her attempts to re-assure him and apologize. The next day, still drunk, Brian stumbles into the temple and interrupts a post-bar mitzvah gathering, resulting in a confrontation with Jake that ends with the priest punching the rabbi. He leaves and stumbles around the city, which brings the movie back to the very first scene with the bartender. As the Community Center\'s grand opening approaches, along with the last days of Anna\'s east coast assignment, the relationships begin to mend. A discussion between the two men prompts Jake to go to Anna\'s office building , with Brian shouting encouragement at him as he runs down the street. Jake manages to get Anna\'s attention from a window in the building across the street and calls to explain himself and offer to set things right. They surprise Brian in the middle of his karaoke number at the interfaith center, which looks to be off to a successful start. Anna greets Rabbi Lewis  as he passes by and asks about their meetings together, at which point it becomes clear that she had been taking classes to convert to Judaism. The film ends happily with the three childhood friends posing for a photo together.'] ['Eastern Plays is the story of two alienated brothers, Hristo or Itso , an artist woodcarver who is struggling with his methadone addiction, and Georgi , a high school student who is dragged into a neo-Nazi gang. The central point of the film is an ethnically-motivated attack by Georgi\'s neo-Nazi gang on a Turkish family from Istanbul, who are spending the night in Sofia en route to Germany. While Georgi initially participates in the beating, he is frightened and runs away. Itso, who had seen the family at a restaurant while he dined with his now-ex-girlfriend Niki , ends up intervening and saving the family, including the beautiful daughter Işıl . In his developing feelings for Işıl, Itso sees hope of a positive change in his destiny, while Georgi\'s actions and his brother\'s help make him question his philosophy and reconsider his outlook on life.{{cite news|url253023|titleНиколова|first2009-10-14|publisherBulgarian|accessdate"synopsis">{{cite web}}'] ["Benny , Monk  and Matthew  are three small-time crooks trying to escape a police dragnet in New York City. After hiding in a church and taking minister's suits and dog collars, they emerge, dressed as priests, and find shelter in an abandoned Bowery mission. When beat cops mistake them for real ministers sent to restore the soup kitchen, they're forced to go along with repairs, holding services and feeding the poor. They have to decide whether to stay, steal the mission money and run; or, change their lives. Like the Priest allowing Jean Valjean to escape, in Les Misérables, it's the first time they've been treated with respect, and had a chance to do some good work, for awhile. The question is whether the police detectives or junior priests will turn them in before they even have a chance."] ["The film is set initially in Northern Iraq, 2003, two weeks after the fall of Saddam Hussein. Ahmed, a 12-year-old boy begrudgingly follows in the shadow of his grandmother. On hearing news that prisoners of war have been found alive in the South, she is determined to discover the fate of her missing son, Ahmed’s father, who never returned from the Gulf war in 1991. From the mountains of Kurdistan to the sands of Babylon, they hitch rides from strangers and cross paths with fellow pilgrims, on all too similar journeys. Struggling to understand his grandmother's search, Ahmed follows in the forgotten footsteps of a father he never knew. They also go to mass graves, where they ask if he is on the list of identified bodies, and look for papers on the bodies."] ['The film begins with Michèle\'s first journal entry, "I am 20 years old, and I have ruined my life!" This is just one of the many journal entry titles that are flashed before every particular scene in the film. Michèle had just recently broken up with her boyfriend so she meets up with some of her friends at a café. It is there that she meets the charming veterinarian François. Though Michèle has a promising modeling career, she feels that something, or someone, is missing in her life. François quickly fills this void, and Michèle feels partially whole. She first claims that she is Catholic but is dissatisfied with the results of praying and worshipping. By recommendation, she begins to follow Buddhism through meditation and use of elaborate costume jewelry. Eventually, she discovers that François is Jewish; however, he does not practice his faith. Throughout the film, she immerses herself in Judaism, following traditions such as the Sabbath. François breaks up with her by telling her "your touch sickens me", after accusing her of lying. He then engages in several other affairs but fails to ever marry. She attempts to date a few men but does not create any true connections. Finally, at a wedding of their friend Valérie, Francois has broken up with yet another woman and claims to desire her. The movie ends with the famous line, "...to be continued" leaving viewers curious about their future.'] ['Vartan Malt  is the editor of a tabloid called the National Mirror that specializes in unlikely stories about celebrities and frankly unbelievable tales about ordinary folkspersons. When Malt gets word that a woman is supposedly harboring an angel in a small town in Iowa, he figures that this might be up the Mirror\'s alley, so he sends out three people to get the story – Frank Quinlan , a reporter whose career has hit the skids; Huey Driscoll , a photographer on the verge of losing his job ; and Dorothy Winters , a self-styled "angel expert" . They arrive at the roaming house of Pansy Milbank , who informs them that she does indeed have an angel for a tenant and introduces them to Michael . Michael has wings like an angel, but the resemblance ends there. Michael loves cigarettes, sugar, has an uncontrollable belly laugh, tends to use a large number of non-angelic phrases, does not care much for personal hygiene, and smells like cookies. Michael informs his visitors that an angel is allowed to take a certain number of "vacations" on Earth and that he is in the midst of one now. That said, this is the last vacation he is allowed, and he has decided to make the most of it. After Pansy unexpectedly dies, Frank and Huey stumble upon a great story idea-- if Michael wants to have some fun, why not take him to Chicago, where he can really kick up his heels? Michael reveals that this was his plan from the beginning. The rest of the film deals with the experiences that Frank, Huey, Dorothy, Sparky, and Michael have while driving to Chicago . During the trip it is slowly revealed that Michael\'s mission on Earth is to get Frank and Dorothy together despite both having had bad experiences with love. After Sparky is hit by a truck and killed, Michael brings him back to life. In the process he uses up his allotment of miracles and begins to weaken. The group reaches Chicago just in time for Michael to see the Sears Tower  before disappearing. After Frank and Dorothy go their separate ways, Michael returns one more time  and successfully gets Frank and Dorothy back together for good.'] ['Parton stars as a somewhat-selfish country singer, Ruby Diamond, whose untimely death while driving at night results in her gaining an audience with St. Peter . He offers her a rather unusual arrangement: she will return to Earth on a mission to reunite the suburban Bartilson family . If she succeeds by midnight on Christmas Eve, then she will be granted her wings as an angel. If not, she will receive a fate much worse. Masquerading as an out-of-sorts governess, Ruby slowly but surely starts to knit father/widower Ben Bartilson  together with his rebellious yet conflicted daughter Sarah  and lonely son Matthew . But when Christmas Eve rolls around and Matthew runs away from home, St. Peter arrives to remind Ruby of the deal\'s terms, to which she replies, "I don\'t care; I\'m fixing this family whether I get into Heaven or not." Upon the successful completion of her mission, St. Peter urges her to leave, despite her protests . But he reminds her that they will no longer remember her, so she reluctantly accepts. As she is awarded her wings, we see the family celebrating their first Christmas together in years.'] ['In flashback, a young boy in his room overhears his father and pregnant mother fighting; his father shouts that he\'s leaving the family, and "hates that kid." 25 years later, at a bar, a man flirts with a girl, who abruptly says, "Drop dead." In a diner booth, three factory workers banter with the cook and waitress. Outside, a man offers cards to passersby, preaching, "God loves you." In the booth, Larry reluctantly describes an incident earlier at the factory: he was pursuing an office girl who, when she saw him coming, went the other way. Co-workers tried to persuade him to leave her alone. One, Riley, tried to tell him of the girl\'s religion, but Larry called him a "fake", and himself a "heathen." The boss summons Larry to his office to tell him of the complaint the girl filed, and orders him to leave her alone; Larry ends up calling him a fake as well. In the diner, the friends marvel at Larry\'s boldness. Outside, the preacher meets a man who acknowledges everything he says. The man enters the diner to sit at the counter. Larry pesters him for a conversation and, finding out that he is a Christian, taunts the man by calling him "Jesus" and questioning why other Christians are fakes. After Larry verbally accosts him several times, and messes with his food, the man tells him, "God loves you." Larry denies this increasingly aggressively, finally yelling in the man\'s face about his broken home, his lack of a wife or girlfriend, and his long history of prison time, grabs the passive man by the collar and demands to know how God loves him. The cook breaks it up, and the man leaves. Larry gets up to follow the man, and tries to pay the bill, but the cook reveals that "Jesus" paid it.'] ['Hayworth stars as the Muse Terpsichore who is annoyed that popular Broadway producer Danny Miller  is putting on a play which portrays the Muses as man-crazy tarts fighting for the attention of a pair of Air Force pilots who crashed on Mount Parnassus . She asks permission from Mr. Jordan to go to Earth and fix the play. Jordan agrees and sends Messenger 7013  to keep an eye on her. Terpsichore uses the name Kitty Pendleton and quickly gets an agent, Max Corkle , and a part in the show. As the play is being rehearsed, Kitty takes every chance she gets to tell Danny that his depictions of the Muses are wrong. Danny, who has fallen madly in love with Kitty, is soon persuaded to her point of view and alters the play from a musical farce to a high-minded ballet in the style of Martha Graham. The revised play debuts on the road and is a complete flop. Danny, who is in debt to gangsters who will kill him if the show isn\'t a success, has no choice but to go back to his original concept. He and Kitty quarrel over this, and Kitty is ready to leave when Mr. Jordan shows up and explains the whole situation. Despite her argument with Danny, Kitty still loves him and decides to save him even if it means damaging her and her sisters\' reputation. Max Corkle hears Kitty talking to Mr. Jordan and realizes this is the same heavenly messenger he had heard about in Here Comes Mr. Jordan.  Kitty returns to the musical and performs "Swingin\' the Muses" the way the producer had intended. When the musical becomes a hit, Terpsichore learns her time on Earth is up and she must return to heaven. After getting Corkle to tell the police about the gangsters, she says she wants to stay with Danny - but she is now invisible to mortals. Mr. Jordan says that she will see Danny again and grants her a vision of their eventual reunion in the afterlife.'] ["Rabbi Jacob  is one of the most loved rabbis of New York. One day, the French side of his family, the Schmolls, invite him to celebrate the bar mitzvah of the young David. Rabbi Jacob boards a plane to leave America for his birthland of France after more than 30 years of American life. His young friend Rabbi Samuel comes with him. In Normandy, the rich businessman Victor Pivert  is also on his way; his daughter  will be married the next day. Pivert is a dreadful man: bad-tempered, rude and a bigot, with a well-honed racism against blacks, Jews, and pretty much all foreigners. He and his driver, Salomon , have a car accident in which Pivert's car  flips upside-down into a lake. When Salomon, who is Jewish, refuses to help because Shabbat has just begun, Pivert fires him, much to Salomon's content. Arab revolutionist leader Mohamed Larbi Slimane  is kidnapped by killers who are working for his country's government. The team, led by Colonel Farès, takes him by night to an empty bubble gum factory... the same place where Victor Pivert goes to find assistance. Pivert involuntarily helps Slimane to flee, leaving two killers' corpses behind them. The police, alerted by Salomon, find the bodies and accuse Pivert of the crime. The next day, Slimane forces Pivert to go to Orly airport to catch a plane to Slimane's country . However, they are followed by a number of people: the jealous Germaine, Pivert's wife, who thinks her husband is going to leave her for another woman; Farès and the killers; and the police commissioner Andréani , a zealous and overly suspicious cop who imagines that Pivert is the new Al Capone. Trying to conceal his and Pivert's identities, Slimane attacks two rabbis in the toilets, stealing their clothes and shaving their beards and their payot. The disguises are perfect, and they are mistaken for Rabbi Jacob and Rabbi Samuel by the Schmoll family. The only one who recognizes Pivert  behind the disguise is Salomon, his former driver, who just happens to be a Schmoll nephew. But Pivert and Slimane are able to keep their identity secret and even manage to hold a sermon in Hebrew, thanks to the polylingual Slimane . After a few misunderstandings, Commissioner Andréani and his two inspectors are mistaken by the Jews for terrorists, attempting to kill Rabbi Jacob. The real Rabbi Jacob arrives at Orly, where no one is waiting for him any more. He is mistaken for Victor Pivert by the police, then by Farès and his killers . There is a chaotic, but sweeping happy ending: *the revolution is a success, and Slimane becomes President of the Republic *Pivert's daughter falls in love with Slimane and escapes her dull fiance near the altar to go with him *Pivert learns tolerance towards other religions and cultures, and also Salomon and Slimane make peace with their respective Arab and Jewish colleagues *the Schmolls finally find the real Rabbi Jacob *the Piverts and the Schmolls go together feasting and celebrating"] [" Three convicts - Joseph, Albert and Jules - escape from prison on Devil's Island just before Christmas and arrive at a nearby French colonial town. They go to the store of the Ducotels - Felix and Amelie, and their daughter Isabelle - the only store that gives supplies on credit. While there, they notice that his roof is leaking, and offer to fix it. They do not actually intend to fix it, but decide to remain there, until nightfall, when they will steal clothes and supplies, and escape on the ship waiting in the harbour. As they stay in the store, they find that the family is currently in financial distress and offer their services to hide their all-too-sinister ruse. Joseph even gets to work conning people and falsifying records to make the store prosperous. However, the three felons begin to have a change of heart after they fix a delicious Christmas dinner for the family: mostly made of stolen items. Andre Trochard, who owns the store but lives in Paris, arrives on the island with his nephew Paul, with whom Isabelle is infatuated. The two plan on taking control of the store due to a lack of profit from the use of credit. Also, Paul is betrothed to another woman, which dismays Isabelle. Before any action against the Ducotels is taken, both of the men are bitten by Albert's pet viper, Adolphe, and they die nearly instantly. Isabelle finds another love, and the family is happy as the convicts successfully make their final escape. While waiting on the docks for their boat to arrive, the three escaped men finally decide to turn themselves back in at the prison, judging that the outside world was likely to be worse than that of the prison. As they walk away in the final shot, angelic halos appear over each of their heads...and finally another pops up over the cage of Adolphe."] ['Two young men in white shirts are riding the streets of Nacogdoches, Texas on bicycles when they are hit by an old, pickup truck. The old man  driving takes the stunned young men home to his house where he will check to see if they are hurt. While they are in the house, the two sons &mdash; Elliot  and Eugene  Buddles &mdash; strike up a conversation with them. The two young men turn out to be selling pesticides. One of the men is from New Jersey, and the other &mdash; Nate Harris &mdash; is from Paradise Valley, Idaho. Nate from Idaho starts talking about his family and produces pictures. As soon as Elliot sees the photo of Natalie  he decides that he must go to meet her. In the morning, Elliot convinces Eugene to drive them to Idaho. When Eugene asks how far it is, Elliot tells him, "two or three hours, tops," knowing that it is much further. When they get to Paradise Valley, they look up the Harris family in the local phone book. Elliot decides that they are going to pretend to be the exchange students from Eastern Europe that were coming this summer but had cancelled. Elliot and Eugene end up being called Gustav and Gayzah, respectively, brothers from Hungary. The family welcomes them in to their lives, but Natalie is away until Thursday. Once, Natalie does come home, Elliot is even more struck with her than before. Natalie gets the two brothers involved with her friends, and Eugene falls for Cindy Rae Stoddard . But Cindy is wants to date Paul Hamilton. Paul only asked Cindy out so that he could find a way to ask out Cindy\'s roommate, Pam . So Paul arranges a double-date with the two roommates and his brother Doogie . But when Paul admits to Cindy his feelings for Pam, Cindy arranges to leave the restaurant with Doogie so that Paul and Pam can get to know each other. Paul and Pam don\'t hit it off, but Cindy is all out for Doogie. While Elliot is spending time with Natalie, Eugene wants to date Cindy. So he convinces Pam to teach him how to become the type of person that Cindy would like. In a conversation with Elliot, Eugene admits that he has feelings for Pam. Elliot is thinking about telling Natalie who they really are. However, Pam overhears the wrong part of the conversation and thinks that Eugene doesn\'t like her. Cindy manages to convince Doogie to take a large and valuable ring  from a safety-deposit box. While he is taking the ring to Cindy, Paul comes by so Doogie throws the ring in the back of a parked pickup truck. The truck happens to be Eugene\'s which they drive off in before Paul can retrieve the ring. Doogie does find the truck again, after it is parked again, and drives off in it himself. Elliott and Eugene are able to follow the truck closely enough to hide close by while Paul is giving Cindy the ring. While Paul isn\'t looking, Cindy switches the ring with a fake. Shortly thereafter, the police arrive, having been called by Cindy. Elliot and Eugene reveal themselves and explain that Cindy put the real ring in her purse. The police search her purse and find the real ring. Paul, Cindy, Elliot and Eugene are all taken into custody. They wait in the police station while things are sorted out. The Harris family comes to the police station to retrieve Elliot and Eugene. Cindy, in custody, passes by and says, "It looks like I\'m not the only on who\'s not what he appears to be." At this time, Elliot decides that they must reveal who they really are. Elliot and Eugene remain in town until the trial is over. It turns out that Cindy works for the insurance company holding the policy on the ring. She had all of the details so she had a fake ring made. It didn\'t matter to her which brother she got to get the actual ring. She was planning on switching the ring, having it found out as a fake, the Hamilton brothers would be arrested for fraud and she would have the actual ring. Paul was convicted of stealing the ring  and received a sentence of six months of probation. Cindy was convicted of receiving stolen property and received a sentence of two years in prison. Elliot and Eugene each decide to find work so that they can stay in town. Natalie and Pam also decide to forgive the respective brothers and continue their relationships.'] ['"We all get dressed for Bill", says Vogue editor Anna Wintour. The Bill in question is New York Times photographer Bill Cunningham. For decades, this Schwinn-riding cultural anthropologist has been obsessively and inventively chronicling fashion trends and high-society charity soirees for the Times{{\'}}s Style section in his columns "On the Street" and "Evening Hours". Full of uptown fixtures , downtown eccentrics and everyone in between, Cunningham’s enormous body of work documents its time and place as well as individual flair. Bill Cunningham New York portrays the man at work  and at home .'] ['{{Plot}} Boston teenager Michael Dunn  and his young sister Boo  have been sent to Brooklyn to live with their Irish-Catholic grandparents (Kate Reid & [[Richard Hamilton  following the deaths of their parents. He is enrolled at St. Basil\'s, a strict Roman Catholic school and church, where his grandmother is determined to see him fulfill his parents\' dream of him joining the priesthood after graduation. The movie takes place during a time when the Catholic Church was changing its forms of discipline, liturgy, and sacraments. While some places had modified by then, St. Basil\'s held on to strict tradition, including Latin Mass. Dunn befriends Caesar , an over-weight, bespectacled student with a high voice and even higher grades and test scores. Caesar helps Dunn catch up with the rest of the class, but because of their association, foul-mouthed class bully and underachiever Ed Rooney  bullies Dunn with a prank outside of the soda fountain across the street from school. Not long after this confrontation, Dunn enters the classroom at the beginning of his English-Lit class just in time to see Rooney remove the screws from Caesar\'s desk. Minutes later, Cesar arrives, sits on the desk and falls to the floor. The teacher, Brother Constance  orders all the boys on their knees "until the joker comes forward". Dunn then whispers to Caesar that he tried to warn him, but his whisper is caught by Constance. He becomes convinced that Dunn knows the perpetrator. However, Dunn denies knowledge of Rooney\'s involvement, but Constance remains unconvinced. He calls Dunn to the front of the classroom, where he tries to get the prankster\'s name out of him by striking Dunn\'s open palms with a wooden paddle, which he has sadistically labeled with the word "PATIENCE". Fed up with Dunn\'s refusal to rat out Rooney, Constance shoves him towards the floor in the center of the classroom, ordering him to point the guilty party out. Dunn looks up at Rooney from the floor, who delivers a sly grin at him. Dunn lunges towards Rooney, taking him to the floor and the pair are separated by Constance and the novice friar, Brother Timothy ([[John Heard , who has been observing Constance\'s classroom teaching and discipline methods that day. Both are sent to headmaster Brother Thadeus\'  office. During a moment alone, Rooney, impressed by Dunn\'s refusal to snitch on him, attempts to patch things up between them, but Dunn wants nothing to do with him. Rooney tries again after class, but this time tells him that if they don\'t become friends, then he has to continue in his harassment in order to save face. Reluctantly, Dunn befriends Rooney, along with his friends Williams , a sexually frustrated kid who is frequently caught masturbating, and Corbett , the dull one of the bunch. Dunn also befriends Danni , a rebellious teenage high school drop-out tomboy who runs the soda fountain across from the school and takes care of her mentally infirm father . Looking for mischief by St. Basil\'s students, Danni\'s fountain shop is raided numerous times by the Brothers. After the raids, the fountain shop is always left a shambles. This last time, however, Dunn, who escapes detection, helps Danni clean things up, sparking a romance between the pair. Other hilarious episodes happen. At the sacrament of confession, Rooney looks at the lists of sins they all committed and has them swap them around so each list does not sound so bad. When Caesar enters the confessional, Father Abruzzi  becomes preoccupied with another student misbehaving in the church. At that point, Rooney goes into the priest\'s booth and acts as the priest hearing Caesar\'s confession, giving him the penance of befriending Rooney and making sure he gets Rooney passing grades. As a result, Caesar joins the four and befriends them while tutoring Rooney. Later in the movie, while the students are attending a St. Basil\'s school dance, Father Abruzzi gives a classic speech to the school along with the girls\' school nearby regarding the evils of the flesh and "lust" and how that will condemn them to hell. That night, after getting bored at the dance, Rooney and Janine , a student at the neighboring Virgin Martyr Girls Academy, drive Caesar and Janine\'s friend Kathleen  around Brooklyn and get Rooney\'s father\'s 1966 Lincoln Continental stuck on a drawbridge, which destroys the powertrain and most of the undercarriage. Later, Pope Paul VI visits New York City and St. Basil\'s school takes a field trip to Manhattan to see him ride in a parade. Brother Constance nearly tears up when he sees the Pope riding by. Meanwhile, the five friends sneak off to a nearby movie theatre, where they see Elvis Presley\'s "Blue Hawaii". After the movie, they are caught missing, and Brother Constance orders them to clean St. Basil\'s statue with toothbrushes on the school courtyard after Sunday Mass for punishment. The friendship between Dunn and Danni further develops, which one day culminates in a passionate kiss under the boardwalk on Coney Island in a rainstorm. One day, during one of the Brothers\' routine "raids", Danni takes a stand and locks them out. When they look into the windows and try to take names, she closes the blinds. The Brothers leave, but later at dinner, they discuss the episode at the soda fountain. At the urging of Brother Constance and gym teacher Brother Paul, and at the reluctance of Brothers Thaddeus and Timothy, they notify social services. A few days later, Dunn and his friends walk up to the fountain and find police cars and a few of the school\'s Brothers surrounding the door as Danni\'s father is led out of the front door in handcuffs. Fearing the worst, Dunn rushes in and finds that social workers are getting ready to take Danni away. A shaken Dunn takes Danni in his arms. Weeping, she wants him to promise he won\'t be sad over her departure. He watches helplessly as she\'s taken away in a car. Rooney, angry at the loss of his hangout and at the Brothers for ruining his friend\'s life, develops another prank with the help of Caesar, Williams and Corbett. The night before Easter recess, the boys sneak onto the grounds and decapitate the statue of St. Basil. During an assembly the next day, Rooney presents Dunn with a duffel bag containing the missing saint\'s head, right as Brother Thadeus is addressing the student body with the phrase "of what is ahead for you...". Brother Constance shows up, knowing he\'s found the vandals, and quietly orders them out of the assembly. Constance first locks them in a closet, where they discuss possible options. Moments later, they\'re retrieved by Brother William, who brings the quintet into the gym, where Constance has set up an exercise horse and a wide leather strap. He tells the boys that the guilty can confess now or all will suffer for it. Dunn, though innocent, speaks up. As Constance attempts to lead Dunn up to the horse, Rooney clears Dunn\'s name...but fingers Williams...who fingers Corbett...who fingers Caesar. Not willing to listen any further, Constance calls Corbett to the horse and delivers five blows from the strap to Corbett\'s rear. He repeats the same procedure with Williams, delivering six this time. When he comes to Caesar, he is presented with a laminated doctor\'s note, presumably to exempt him from corporal punishment. Constance says he\'ll return it to him after he\'s finished and orders him to the horse. Caesar pleads for mercy, but Constance drags the cowering Caesar on the floor, beating him with the strap while doing so. Unable to watch such brutality any longer, Dunn shoves Constance to the floor, ordering him to leave Caesar alone. Constance gets to his feet, and Dunn flees the gym with the Brother in pursuit. The other boys in turn run after Constance. The chase ends in the auditorium as Thadeus is concluding his remarks to the student body. Dunn rushes in, knocking over a series of music stands and chairs, followed by Constance, who tries to call him out. He then tries to take Dunn by force, but Dunn resists. Constance backhands him, shouting "Bastard!" as he does. As Constance tries to explain himself before Thadeus, Dunn sees that he\'s been cut on his cheek from Constance\'s ring. He jumps to his feet and delivers an uppercut to Constance, knocking him to the floor and causing pandemonium as the student body rises to its feet and cheers for Dunn. The boys are sent to the headmaster\'s office, where they are joined by Brothers Thadeus, Timothy and Constance. Constance tries to have all five expelled for assault while Timothy argues self-defense. Thadeus calls the boys in and asks for a reason not to expel them. Dunn, seeing a possible exit from the priesthood through his expulsion, accepts the blame and says he should be expelled. Thadeus counters by saying that since all acted as one, all shall bear the consequences. Dunn protests by saying he instigated the melee. Thadeus disagrees, saying he understands it was Constance who started it. Constance blanches at Thadeus\' remark. Not explaining anything further in front of the boys, Thadeus suspends all five for two weeks and sends them out of his office. Brother Dominic , Thadeus\' secretary, then comes into his office and hands him a document that he immediately signs as Constance tries unapologetically to defend himself. Thadeus hands Constance the signed document, which orders him transferred out of St. Basil\'s and to where he won\'t be working with children at all. Angry at what he perceives as betrayal, Constance declares that he will demand an investigation into the matter, taking it to the bishop if necessary. Thadeus, unmoved by Constance\'s remarks, orders him out of his office. Timothy is then offered Constance\'s job, which he immediately accepts. The film ends with the five main characters walking out of the school downtrodden after having been suspended, and then joyfully realizing they won\'t have to go to school for the next two weeks. A voice-over epilogue from Rooney states that everyone graduated in 1966 "except me". Corbett married Janine and they have six kids, Williams works as a projectionist at a Times Square porno theatre, Caesar graduated with honors from Queens College and went on to become a psychiatrist, Dunn  eventually was reunited with Danni at Woodstock. Rooney went to beauty school "where everybody graduated...except me", but became a shampoo boy at a Bensonhurst hair salon, where "the hours suck, the pay sucks, and I\'m surrounded by \'funny guys\', but the tips are great! Thank you, God!"'] ['A depressed car salesman is repeatedly interrupted in the act of suicide by a coworker from the Nissan dealership; a beautiful woman translator and 3 native American shamans of the Arhuaco people from the mountains of Colombia<ref nameLeo|firstThe Chosen One|urlQwipster|accessdate=11 July 2012}} and a phone call from his mother. He finally finds faith in himself after the rest of world puts its faith in him; the sole being on earth who can save mankind from its own destruction with trust - The Chosen One.'] ["Greg Blazer is a slothful, lazy Latter-day Saint who loves football so much that he wears football jerseys under his church clothes. Much to his dismay, Greg's Sunday-football-watching plans are interrupted by Nelson Parker, a faithful, nerdy, stalwart Latter Day Saint who is Greg's new home teaching companion. Together, the two men set out to complete their assignment, beginning a journey of slapstick comedy and hijinks that includes Greg falling through a ceiling while wearing a wedding dress, dressing up like a deer, and accidentally dancing with a dead grandfather at his own funeral."] ['Newly elected to Congress, former local television news reporter Evan Baxter  leaves his hometown of Buffalo, New York and moves to the fictional town of Prestige Crest, Virginia, where his campaign promise to "change the world" is ridiculed by some, but Evan remains optimistic about his new position at the beginning of the film. On the first day on his job, Evan is given a spacious office and is invited to co-sponsor a bill with Congressman Chuck Long , something rare for a first-timer. His family is happy, but due to the change in their situation to the move when Evan\'s wife, Joan  prays that Evan will have a greater sense of togetherness. Everything seems to be going well for Evan. Soon after Evan\'s election to Congress, strange things start to happen in his household: # Evan\'s alarm clock repeatedly goes off at 6:14 A.M., despite being set for a different time every night. # Large quantities of ancient tools and wood are delivered to Evan\'s house daily without explanation. # Animals follow Evan without any apparent reason . # Evan grows a beard that is restored wholly every time he shaves. # Eight vacant lots in Prestige Crest are purchased in Evan\'s name. # A mysterious company named GO-4-WOOD delivers a shipment of lumber that Evan did not order. # The number "614" follows Evan everywhere he goes. Evan soon learns that 614 refers to the verse in the Book of Genesis, where God  instructs Noah to build an Ark in preparation for a flood. God appears to Evan and cordially insisting that Evan should build an Ark as well. Although Evan resists, God follows him using different guises and convinces Evan to build the Ark. Joan, concerned about his behavior, believes that Evan is having a mid-life crisis. Without Joan\'s support, Evan enlists his three sons, Dylan, Jordan, and Ryan (Johnny Simmons, [[Graham Phillips  to build the Ark. Reappearing, God tells Evan the flood will come on September 22 at midday.  Animals continue to follow Evan around, getting increasingly annoying as time passes. At first, Long is unimpressed, and allows this behavior to occur, but warns Evan that he will not want any more animal surprises. Unfortunately, the animals follow Evan to Congress numerous times, despite his efforts to detain them. This compels Evan to confess Long, other Congressmen, and the television cameras broadcasting the meeting is that the reason for the animals, strange behavior, robe, and beard is because of God convincing Evan to build the Ark. Humiliating both Congress and the controversial Public Land Act bill that Long is attempting to pass, Evan is temporarily suspended from Congress and removed from Long\'s bill. As security guards kicks Evan out of Congress, some birds poop on Long\'s face upon Evan\'s departure. Joan becomes angry and disappointed on Evan\'s behavior and leaves Evan alone because she believes he is insane. Evan does not let this stop himself and continues to build the Ark alone, gaining international notice and public ridicule. Meanwhile, God appears to Joan, disguised as a waiter at a diner with his name tag "Al Mighty". In this disguise, God tells Joan that he believes himself and does not give things, but only the opportunity by which to obtain things, and gives an example of family togetherness. Having a revelation, Joan returns to Evan with newfound faith to finish the Ark together. Meanwhile, Evan is informed by his three congressional colleagues, Rita, Marty, and Eugene  that Long has unexpectedly given an approval to build a dam near Prestige Crest and has cut corners in building codes in doing so. On September 22, Evan loads hundreds of animals onto the newly finished Ark in front of hundreds of spectators and live news crews, and invites the crowd to join them, but is made fun of. However, the police arrive in Prestige Crest with a wrecking ball and attempt to destroy the Ark because of its violation of numerous building codes within the town. Noon arrives, and minutes pass with no sign of rain, provoking spectator scorn. A short downburst of rain does come, but it is short-lived. Joan asks Evan to leave the Ark, explaining that Evan has built it and succeeded in his mission; but at this moment, Evan sees Long\'s dam burst from the distance. With the water from the dam rushing towards them, all of the spectators, reporters, and policemen immediately seek refuge in the Ark, which rides the flood through the streets and historical landmarks of Washington, D.C.. The Ark eventually reaches its final destination in front of the Capitol, where other Congressmen greeted the Ark by crashing into the side of the structure. Long, who is outraged that the flood did really happen earlier, is told by Evan that the flood was caused by his defective dam, but Long did not believe this, and tells Evan already that this would not happen again. Those events entice Evan and other Congressmen to turn against Long by demanding him to step down from office. While Congress was investigating Long about his defective dam, Evan celebrates the events by going on a hiking trip along with Joan, three sons, and his newly adopted dog, where God reappears and tells Evan that the way to change the world is by doing one Act of Random Kindness  at a time. The film ends when Evan and God doing a happy dance together before God disappears, leaving Evan, Joan, and three sons behind.'] ['Jared Phelps returns home from his mission in Wyoming to find a world very different from the one he left two years ago. This movie opens with a send-off at the airport full of family and friends of Elder Phelps. He serves a two year mission in the Wyoming, Evanston South Mission. The opening credits are shown by using instant photographs. They also show Elder Phelps going from a greenie , to district leader, to zone leader and finally to an assistant to the mission president. Upon returning home, things don\'t go so well. His parents thought that he was coming home the following month, so no one is there to meet him at the airport. He didn\'t receive the letter that his family had moved, so he is surprised by the greeting of the new homeowner in the form of a karate kick while he is in the shower.  His bed is now occupied by a foreign exchange student from Tonga. Jared\'s girlfriend, who promised to wait for him to return, is getting married in two weeks. The jewelry store where he bought the ring won\'t take it back. And his former employer who promised to give him a job upon his return has sold the business and started an Internet enterprise and the only job opening is to mine diamonds in South Africa. Things get worse from there. He quickly goes through a series of jobs, and even considers selling knives. He develops a romantic relationship with the daughter of H. Ronald Powers, a general authority that, to his embarrassment, he is unfamiliar with (despite the fact that he gave a "great talk" last October in [[General Conference . He also gets boils, and eventually gets arrested due to the actions of a friend. Because of the arrest, he is released from his church calling as elders quorum president. He has to seriously consider whether to lie and keep him and his friend out of jail, or to tell the truth and send himself and/or his friend to jail.'] ['Paul Maddens  is a "frustrated, under-achieving primary school teacher". Every year St Bernadette\'s school competes with a local private school  to see who can produce the best nativity play. Maddens is chosen to create the Nativity play, but he doesn\'t like Christmas because his ex-girlfriend moved to Hollywood. Maddens still loves his ex-girlfriend but she split up with him when he was about to propose. Maddens went to drama school with his ex-girlfriend and another teacher Gordon Shakespeare ([[Jason Watkins . The headteacher Mrs Bevans  gives him a new class teaching assistant called Desmond Poppy who turns out to be her nephew. St Bernadette\'s always comes in second to Gordon Shakespeare\'s private school, Oakmoor. Maddens lies to Shakespeare about how a Hollywood producer, his ex-girlfriend Jennifer Lore , will be turning his production into a Hollywood film starring his pupils. Poppy , an over-enthusiastic classroom assistant, spreads the rumour, and soon Maddens finds his lie is out of control. He even travels to America to try to persuade his ex-girlfriend to visit, and discovers she is a secretary and not a film producer and is unsuccessful in his Hollywood aim. To make the Nativity seem more real, Mr Poppy takes the children to see a woman giving birth  and to go to a farm to see the animals that in the story come up to the manger to see the baby Jesus. But finally, with Poppy\'s help, the nativity is performed, and, despite a sabotage attempt by Shakespeare , the play is a great success, the Hollywood producer Mr Parker visits the play and Maddens and Jennifer are reunited. Happily ever after. The film finishes with Mr Maddens and his girlfriend Jennifer decorating the outside of Mr Maddens house with Christmas lights.'] ['The story depicts the rivalry between the conservative Mother Superior  and the glamorous, progressive young Sister George  as they shepherd a busload of Catholic high school girls across America to an interfaith youth rally being held in Santa Barbara, California. As they debate expressions of faith and role of the Church in the tumultuous America of the sixties, they must also contend with the antics of two rebellious, trouble-prone students, Rosabelle  and Marvel Anne .'] ["Although in America, Helam witnesses the star heralding the birth of Christ, and 33 years later he faithfully awaits the promised coming of The Messiah despite persecution for this belief. Helam's son, Jacob, is interested more in the ways of the world, including the lovely Laneah, and when his abilities as an artisan bring an offer to work for the wealthy and powerful Kohor, he jumps at the chance and is estranged from his father's house. Kohor is plotting to destabilize the existing government and become the absolute ruler. In contrast, Amaron, a holy man, preaches to people of Christ, whose ministry and miracles are concurrently taking place across the seas in The Holy Land. As Jacob becomes more immersed in the secular life of Kohor's house, Laneah becomes more interested in the humble faith he is forsaking. Her conversion to Christ, and the death of Amaron at the hand of Kohor's men, brings Jacob to his senses, but he knows of Kohor's plans and is imprisoned when he refuses to join the conspiracy. In Jerusalem, Jesus is crucified and the far away city of Zarahemla is plunged into darkness and destruction as Helam pushes through the crowds and ruins to help his son. All seems hopeless when he is blinded and thinks that he will not see the Messiah. However, the Messiah restores his sight when he comes to minister to the people of the Americas. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0258247/plotsummary"] ['Bruce Nolan  is a television field reporter for Eyewitness News on WKBW-TV in Buffalo, New York with a girlfriend named Grace. He desires to be the news anchorman, but soon after being passed over for promotion by his rival, Evan Baxter , he becomes furious during a live interview at Niagara Falls, leading to his suspension from the station. Following a series of misfortunes such as getting assaulted by a gang of thugs, Bruce complains to God  that "He\'s the one that should be fired" after which he ends up crashing his car into a pole. God isn\'t doing his job correctly, according to Bruce. Bruce later receives a message on his pager, directing him to an empty warehouse where God meets him. Bruce does not believe God is who he says he is but God\'s divine powers seem convincing. God offers Bruce his powers to prove that He is doing the job correctly. God tells Bruce that he cannot tell others he has God\'s powers, nor can he use the powers to alter free will. Bruce is initially jubilant with the powers, using them for personal gain, such as by getting his job back, replacing his car with silver Saleen S7 and impressing his girlfriend Grace Connelly . Th e gang of thugs who previously assaulted him face his wacky wrath, as he manifests a monkey out of the gang leader\'s butt and breathes a swarm of hornets toward his fleeing flunkies. Bruce finds ways of using the powers to cause miraculous events to occur at otherwise mundane events that he covers, causing a meteor to harmlessly land near a cook-off, finding the body of Jimmy Hoffa  and framing the two competing reporters for possession of illegal drugs. Bruce then causes his rival, the anchorman Evan, to utter mostly gibberish on-air, resulting in the job going to Bruce. During this, Bruce continues to hear voices in his head and people begin protesting in the outcome of his actions. He later re-encounters God on Mount Everest, who explains the voices are prayers, meant for God, that Bruce must deal with. Bruce creates a computerized email-like system to receive the prayers and respond, but finds that the influx is far too great for him to handle, and sets the program to automatically answer every prayer Yes. Bruce attends a party celebrating his promotion. When Grace arrives, she discovers Bruce\'s co-anchor Susan Ortega  trying to seduce him, and quickly leaves believing he ditched her. Bruce follows her, trying to use his powers to convince her to stay but cannot influence her free will. He tries to tell her what happened but she refuses to believe him and moves out of the apartment. When announcing in the anchor position Bruce realizes that the city has fallen into chaos because of him answering every prayer as yes and people in the city believe the Apocalypse is imminent due to the meteor strikes. A large number of people prayed to God  to win the multi-million dollar lottery and when thousands of people won, it reduced their winnings to a few dollars and the mobs of angry people started riots in the streets. Bruce returns to God, who explains that He can\'t solve all the problems and Bruce must figure out a way himself. Bruce returns to his computer system and goes about answering prayers as best he can and he goes to Evan and makes up with him by informing him that he turned down the anchorman job offer and that he asked for Evan to be given back his job to which he does. As he reads through the prayers, he finds a prayer from Grace, wishing for Bruce\'s success and well-being. As he reads it, another prayer from Grace arrives, this one wishing not to be in love with Bruce anymore. Bruce is stunned and walks alone on a highway, asking God to take back His powers and letting his fate be in His hands. Bruce is suddenly struck by a truck, and seriously wounded and regains consciousness in a white void. God appears, and asks Bruce what he really wants; Bruce admits that he only wants to make sure Grace finds a man that would make her happy. God agrees, and Bruce finds himself in the hospital, shortly after being recovered--a near miracle--by the doctors. Grace arrives and the two rekindle their relationship  and it is revealed that they are engaged. After his recovery, Bruce returns to his on-site reporting but now takes more pleasure in the simple stories and it ends with Evan, his colleagues and Grace applauding for him when he interviews a bakery shop shown in the beginning.'] ["The film follows Father Charles “Chuck” O’Malley , an incoming priest whose unconventional style transforms the parish life of St. Dominic’s church in New York City. We meet O’Malley on his first day at the new parish. O'Malley gets into a series of mishaps on his way to the church, and his informal appearance and attitude make a very poor impression with the elder pastor, Father Fitzgibbon . The highly-traditional Fitzgibbon is further put off by O’Malley’s recreational habits&nbsp;– particularly his golf-playing&nbsp;– and his friendship with the even more casual pastor Timmy O’Dowd. In a discussion between O'Malley and O'Dowd without Fitzgibbon present, it is revealed that O’Malley was sent by the bishop to take charge of the affairs of the parish, but that Fitzgibbon is to remain as pastor. To spare Fitzgibbon’s feelings, the older pastor is kept unaware of this arrangement and believes that O’Malley is simply his assistant. A series of events in the first half of the movie highlight the differences between O’Malley and Fitzgibbon’s styles, as they deal with events like a parishioner being evicted and a young woman coming to the church having run away from home. The most consequential difference of opinion between O’Malley and Fitzgibbon arises in their handling of the youth of the church, many of whom are consistently getting into trouble with the law in a gang led by Tony Scaponi . Fitzgibbon is inclined to look the other way, siding with the boys because of their frequent church attendance. O’Malley instead seeks to make inroads into the boys’ lives, befriending Scaponi and eventually using this connection to convince the boys, against some initial reluctance, to become a church choir. The noise of the practising choir annoys Fitzgibbon, who finally decides to go to the bishop and ask for O’Malley to be transferred away. In the course of the conversation, Fitzgibbon infers the bishop’s intention to put O’Malley in charge of the parish. To avoid an uncomfortable situation, instead of making his initial request, Fitzgibbon asks the bishop to put O’Malley in charge, and then, resigned to his fate of losing control over the church, he informs O’Malley of his new role. Distressed, Fitzgibbon then runs away from the parish, leading to a search. He returns late at night, and as O’Malley puts the older priest to bed, the two begin to bond, discussing Fitzgibbon’s long-put-off desire to go to Ireland and see his mother, whom he hasn’t seen in 45 years, and who is now over 90. O’Malley puts Fitzgibbon to sleep with an Irish lullaby, “Too-ra-loo-ra-loo-ral”. We now meet Jenny Linden , an old girlfriend of O'Malley's whom he left in order to join the priesthood, but who has since risen to a highly successful acting and singing career. O'Malley and Jenny discuss their past, and he then watches from the side of the stage as she performs a number for her starring role as Carmen at the Metropolitan Opera. O'Malley next pays a visit to the young woman who was earlier seen running away from home, who is now suspected of living in sin with the son of the church's mortgage-holder. On this visit, O’Malley describes to the young couple his calling in life to “go his way”, which to him means to follow after the joyous side of religion and lead others to do the same. He performs for them the song “Going My Way”, which he wrote on this theme. The elements of the story now begin to come together. Jenny visits O’Malley at the church, sees the boys’ choir, and reads the sheet music of “Going My Way”. She, O'Malley, and Father O’Dowd devise a plan to rent out the Metropolitan, perform “Going My Way” with the choir and a full orchestra, and sell the rights to the song, thereby saving the church from its financial woes. The plan fails, as the music executive brought on to listen to the song does not believe that it will sell. As the executive  is leaving, the choir decides to make the most of its opportunity on the grand stage, and sings another song, “Swinging on a Star”. The executive overhears the song and decides to buy it, providing enough money to pay off the church mortgage. With the church affairs in order, O’Malley and Fitzgibbon begin to bond more closely, and even go out on the golf course together. Just as everything seems to have fallen into place, though, the parish church is damaged in a massive fire. At about the same time, O'Malley prepares to move on to a new assignment from the bishop. He leaves O’Dowd as Fitzgibbon’s new assistant, and puts Tony Scaponi in charge of the choir. On Christmas Eve the people gather in a temporary church, in a service that also serves as O'Malley's farewell. As a going away present to Fitzgibbon, O’Malley flies Fitzgibbon’s mother in from Ireland. As mother and son embrace in front of the church while the choir sings “Too-ra-loo-ra-loo-ral”, Father O’Malley quietly slips away."] ['{{Expand section|datepresskit /> In its review, Variety describes plot twists such as "apparitions, out-of-body experiences, [and] sex with a catfish...."Justin Change, Variety "Cannes reviews", found at variety website. Accessed May 24, 2010.'] ['The film tells story of a Korean wife of American GI who struggled to save her mixed race son after he joined a biker gang.'] ["Ever since Seth Warner's  wife died two years ago, his life has gone to pieces. In his rage he affronts God who seemingly responds by killing his dog. So Seth sets out to break all of the ten commandments. Moving in with his sister-in-law, Rachel , and her reporter-husband, Harry , he systematically starts breaking each of the commandments, increasingly aided by Harry."] ['The film, a musical comedy,<ref namehttp://www.cbn.com/cbnnews/finance/2009/April/Teens-Produce-Anti-Tax-Film-Widows-Might-/ |titleApril 15, 2009 |publisherMay 19, 2012}} tells the story of an elderly widow battling the government to save her home from tax foreclosure, and of the families who help her.{{cite web}}'] ["Taoca, a part-time fisherman and small-time con artist, finds a man holding on to a buoy in the middle of the ocean. The man claims he is God, but Taoca doesn't believe him until he performs some miracles. It seems God has decided to take a break and is searching for someone to temporarily take over. With Taoca, God travels the country in hopes of finding a new saint who is fit for the job. Along the way, they meet a woman, Madá, who joins the two in hopes they will take her to São Paulo, where her mother has died. Eventually, the trio comes across a young man who appears to have the right qualifications, except he has no belief in a higher power."] ["Jonas Nightengale is a faith healer, loosely based on televangelist Peter Popoff, who makes a living traveling across America holding revival meetings and conducting 'miracles.' He is helped by his friend and manager Jane and an entourage of fellow con artists. One of their trucks breaks down in Rustwater, Kansas, a town suffering a drought and in desperate need of rain to save their crops. While waiting for spare parts, Jonas decides to hold revival meetings just outside of town. Local sheriff Will Braverman is skeptical and tries to prevent his townspeople from being conned. However, Boyd, a disabled boy, believes Jonas could make him walk again. The events that follow make Jonas re-examine his own faith and doubts."] ['After faithfully serving a full time mission for his church and marrying, Jonathan Jordan finds himself recently divorced and once again a member of the LDS single adult world&mdash; a world whose ultimate goal is Eternal Marriage. Disenchanted, Jordan stops going to church. He even creates a stand up routine lampooning the Mormon way of life. His resistance to the church continues until he falls for Cammie Giles, a member of the local singles ward. Suddenly, Jordan finds going to church more appealing. But is he attending church again just to impress her?'] ['The Best Two Years portrays the experience of four missionaries of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints living in the same apartment in the Holland region of the Netherlands. The movie begins with Elder Rogers finding out that his new companion will be a "greenie", a newly trained missionary fresh from the Missionary Training Center. He and the other two missionaries that reside in the same apartment, Elder Johnson and Elder Van Pelt, go to the train station to meet the new elder. Elder Rogers finds out that the new missionary, Elder Calhoun, is exactly what he imagines a new missionary would be like. Elder Rogers used to be an excellent missionary, until his girlfriend married one of his former mission companions. That is why he and the other two missionaries residing in the same apartment are surprised that the mission president has assigned him to be the trainer  to a missionary new to the mission. The new missionary, Elder Calhoun, tackles mission work with unbounded enthusiasm. He will try to talk to anyone even though he barely knows the Dutch language. \'Barely\' is an understatement, since he doesn\'t know how to speak Dutch, nor does he understand it when someone speaks Dutch to him. But that doesn\'t stop him from trying. Fortunately for him, he soon encounters a man from the United States that speaks English. They speak briefly in the park before the man goes off with his girlfriend. Later, when he encounters the same man in a market, Calhoun gives him a Dutch Book of Mormon with his telephone number. Despite what the other three missionaries expect, the man does call and asks for Calhoun. The man doesn\'t want to meet the missionaries in his own apartment because his roommates wouldn\'t understand. The missionaries arrange for him to meet them in their apartment. When he tries to give back the Book of Mormon because he doesn\'t read Dutch, they promptly give him one in English. Despite his obvious desire to leave immediately, the missionaries find out his name  and teach him a discussion  about Joseph Smith and Joseph\'s First Vision. Afterwards, Kyle would truly like to know more, so the missionaries schedule another discussion. Tension has been building throughout the entire movie between Elder Johnson and Elder Van Pelt. Earlier, Johnson had received an audio tape from his girlfriend. He hasn\'t been able to play the tape for several days because Van Pelt had lent their tape player to a ward member. Also, Van Pelt is annoyed by Johnson\'s repeated use of the word "flip", as a mild substitute for any of a number of profane words. Johnson had told Van Pelt to hit him every time he used that word, but while waiting outside the apartment Johnson says it, and frustrated with Van Pelt for always hitting him, physically forces him to stop, showing his anger. This tension culminates outside of the missionary apartment just as Kyle is leaving from his first discussion. As he is leaving, Johnson and Van Pelt are looking in, hoping for him to leave soon. However, Johnson states: "Oh, flip! They\'re just standing around in there!" Forgetting Johnson\'s threats if he does so again, Van Pelt hits Johnson on the back, relatively hard. Johnson chases Van Pelt around, and eventually, as Kyle is on his way out of the door, Van Pelt enters and hides. Johnson quickly bursts in as well, smashing Kyle behind the door. He demands to know where Van Pelt is, and misunderstands most of what Rogers says and only hears the "Behind the door" part. He angrily starts to smash Kyle even more, until he realized what he just did. Rogers and Calhoun leave with Kyle out the door, but rush back in when they hear Van Pelt scream. They run in to see that Johnson has just hogtied Van Pelt with a rope when the mission president arrives in the apartment. President Sandburg gives Johnson and Van Pelt a mild, but appropriate and effective, reprimand for their misbehavior. (Prescriptions were respectively {{sourcetext|source=Bible  He recommends Elder Calhoun work on his Dutch, , and gently reprimands Rogers for not having written letters to his mother for a while, and persuades him to send at least one letter a week home for the remainder of his mission. Things start to get worse for Elder Johnson when the president has to talk to him and Van Pelt decides to listen to his tape from his girlfriend. At the end of the tape, Johnson\'s girlfriend reveals she is getting married to a returned missionary after dating him for three weeks. The second discussion with Kyle is followed by several more, again in the missionaries\' apartment. He does decide to be become a member of the Church. The baptism is scheduled for the Saturday just over a week from then. Kyle chooses Rogers to baptize him, to the great surprise of Rogers. Johnson starts to resemble Elder Rogers when he starts to not do his work and jokingly says that the zone leaders are coming to promote Van Pelt because of Van Pelts\' high hopes, like those Rogers had when his girlfriend broke up with him. Afterwards, Rogers convinces him to not do the same thing he did after Calhoun and Van Pelt leave for a store. The baptism takes place in a river as scheduled, on the same day that Rogers is leaving for home. There are long good-byes at the train station. And in the station, with Rogers looking on from the train, Calhoun finally understands and speaks Dutch well.'] ['In this sequel, God asks the help of 11-year-old Tracy Richards  to help promote Himself. Tracy creates the slogan "Think God" and soon has her friends spreading the message by posters, graffiti and other ways. But Tracy\'s parents and psychiatrists think the young girl is just crazy. God is the only one that can straighten out the situation.'] ['John Crowe  is a rancher whose family has owned and managed the Crowe Ranch for over 150 years. John meets Ellen Sower, and his life slowly begins to change. Jeremiah Stillwell, the soon-to-be pastor of the local church, also becomes interested in Ellen. Intellectual warfare ensues as John rescues Ellen, then learns she is deathly ill. Jeremiah desires power, and once he gets it, he goes after John.'] ['Burns plays the dual roles of both God and the Devil. The Devil — Harry O. Tophet — is a lively character, taking pleasure in petty acts of PG-rated malice . The story tells of a struggling rock singer/musician, Bobby Shelton , who cannot get a break. Bobby, desperate to support his wife and start a family, muses that he would sell his soul to the Devil to get ahead. The devil begins to appear to Bobby as a perspective agent called "\'Harry O. Tophet" and offers Shelton a deal &mdash; seven years of unprecedented fame and fortune &mdash; at a meeting with a prominent record label. Shelton balks at the deal and so Tophet renegotiates claiming that it will be for a "trial period." Shelton signs the document, but his signature transforms into that of Billy Wayne, the last person to whom Tophet offered this deal and soon after Bobby realizes he has sold his soul to the devil. Shelton discovers that, though he now has the fame he wanted, he has lost his identity — he is now Billy Wayne. As such, his family is now someone else\'s — the former Billy Wayne, whose life Tophet now controls. He also discovers that his wife is pregnant with his child. Realizing that he is trapped, Bobby Shelton asks for help from God, who has been watching over him. God appears and offers to help. During a climactic poker game between God and the Devil over Bobby\'s soul, God raises the stakes. He claims he will stop protecting all those on "his list" in exchange for Bobby\'s soul . If God wins, the Devil would be prevented from meddling with any of those on the list, even if they beg for his assistance. Considering the loss too high, Tophet folds, and finds that God had been bluffing and that part of the reason he had intervened for Bobby was because The Devil had become too arrogant. Bobby rises from the floor of the dressing room, leaving behind the corpse of Billy Wayne who had committed suicide. In the end, God meets with Bobby and tells him about how his father once prayed for him when he was a sick child, and that since then, God has had an eye on him. After warning Bobby that next time, he will not bail him out, Shelton returns to happiness in a simple life with his loving wife and daughter. Years later, his daughter becomes ill and he says the same prayer that his father did. The movie ends with Bobby, God, and the spirit of Bobby\'s father singing to his daughter.'] ['Luna and Amar are a young Bosnian couple living in Sarajevo. Both have traumatic memories from the Bosnian War of the 1990s. Luna had seen her parents killed by an anti-Muslim militia in Bijeljina, and had come to Sarajevo with her grandparents as a child refugee. Amar had served as a soldier in the war and lost his brother. At present, however, they have apparently built up a successful life - she as an air hostess with B&H Airlines, he as an air traffic controller at the Sarajevo International Airport. When she comes back from a flight they make love passionately and go to have a good time at a local nightclub. Though identifying as "Muslims" in the context of Bosnia\'s ethnic set-up, religion plays no part in their life. In fact, Amar drinks alcoholic drinks a bit too much - which is forbidden by Islam - and it is this which begins to put their relationship under strain. First of all, Amar loses his job for being drunk at work. Luna is very worried and has little hope of realizing her fragile dream of having a child with Amar. But her fears for their future increase when Amar takes on a well-paid job in a Muslim community hours away from where they live. Only after quite some time has elapsed during which they have had no contact with each other, is Luna allowed to visit Amar in this community of conservative Wahhabis in its idyllic lakeside location. She notices that the men and veiled women live in strict segregation and are closely watched. Luna asks Amar to return home with her but Amar insists that life in this isolated community of faithful followers has brought him peace and also keeps him from drinking. When he returns home a few weeks later, Luna realizes that Amars attitude to religion has fundamentally changed. Amar claims that his only interest is to become a better person, but Luna finds it extremely difficult to follow his line of thinking. She begins to question everything that she has believed in, even her desire to have a child. As the wounds of a tragic war-filled past continue to haunt her, Luna tears herself apart searching if love is truly enough to keep her and Amar together on the path to a lifetime of happiness.'] ["Advocate Steve Myers is a disillusioned lawyer who becomes fed-up with the perceived corruption within the judicial system. He quits the law business and buys a small fishing boat and takes up fishing for a living. His fishing boat is struck by lightning and explodes into pieces, burns and sinks. He informs his insurance company, which reviews and then subsequently declines his claim on the grounds that it is not liable as his fishing boat was destroyed due to an 'Act of God'. Frustrated that his claim is repeatedly declined, Steve files a claim against God, naming church officials as representatives of God, and thereby the respondents. The church leaders, their respective lawyers, as well as their insurance company get together to find a way to settle this dilemma, which does catch the fancy of the media. It is in Court that God's representatives will have to admit that the destruction of Steve's fishing boat was actually God's Act, accept it, and compensate him, or deny it altogether, and thereby deny God's existence, and leave the onus on Steve to prove his claim."] ["Asfaltevangeliet shows the scenario of Jesus Christ coming to Oslo, Norway in present day. Jesus preached a radical message of love, forgiveness and the Kingdom of God. He is disputed by the authorities and the religious elite, but gets a following among sinners, prostitutes and drug addicts. Jesus also says that he have to die for the sins of mankind, and in the films climax he is killed by a mob in Oslo's main street."] ["A couple of 1930s Great Depression-era convicts, Ned and Jim, jailed on never-specified charges and abused by a ruthless warden, are dragged along when a vicious killer named Bobby escapes the electric chair. The two end up in a town near the Canadian border, where they are mistaken for a pair of priests expected at the local monastery. They want to flee but cannot, since misunderstandings and the warden's search party looking for Bobby make a trip across the bridge to Canada almost impossible. Ned and Jim continue to masquerade as priests, trusted and welcomed by Father Levesque. An opportunity presents itself in the form of a procession/pilgrimage to the church's sister church across the border. Each priest participating has to bring along someone who needs help, so they decide on the deaf-mute daughter of Molly, a local laundress and prostitute.Amazon.com Bobby is killed by police during the procession. Ned saves Molly's daughter from drowning, after this event she is able to speak. Jim is befriended by a young monk and decides to stay in the monastery to actually become a priest. Ned takes Molly and her daughter to Canada."] ["The young priest Father Sebastián  is assigned to a parish in San Jerónimo el Alto, where he is not welcomed by the community, particularly the resident priest Father Damián . The newcomer gradually earns the trust of the people through humor, but firmly captures their hearts by saving the town fiesta by fighting a bull when the hired torero failed to show. Father Sebastián counsels the townspeople, lecturing them on their duties in a modern society. He used the collection plate to redistribute the town's wealth more evenly. When accused of communism, he quoted the 1891 socially-conscious encyclical Rerum Novarum. He even ventured into politics, with a veiled attack on the municipal president couched into a sermon. Eventually, he brokers a deal with the local political boss for some concessions for the poor of his parish."] ['The movie is set at St. Francis Academy , a fictional all-girls Catholic boarding school in Pennsylvania, operated by an order of nuns. Russell plays the Mother Superior, who spends the movie at odds with Mary Clancy , a rebellious teenager, and her misery-loves-company friend Rachel Devery . The episodic storyline follows the young women through their sophomore, junior and senior high-school years. After spending much of the film resenting the authority of the Mother Superior, Mary receives the "call" senior year and, after graduation, remains at the school in the novitiate of the order.'] ['Max Devlin  is a shady landlord of a rundown tenement in Los Angeles who is rather jaded and callous towards his fellow man. One day while chasing an errant tenant, he is run over by a bus and killed. He descends into hell  and meets the Devil\'s chief henchman Barney Satin  . He is told of his life of sin and the fact that he is doomed to spend eternity at a section called Level 4. However, he is given a chance to save himself by convincing three other people, a teenage nerd, a young boy and an aspiring singer to sell their souls in exchange for his. He returns to earth and begins his frantic quest with three months  to complete his mission. Barney appears frequently throughout the movie to check up on Max\'s progress as well as both taunt and persuade him to carry out the plans. A running joke is that nobody, except Max, can see or hear Barney. Along the way, he discovers his innate decency, the fact that he really wasn\'t so bad all along. He falls in love with the boy\'s mother and they plan to marry on the day that the deadline for Max is up. Eventually, through various methods, he obtains all three signatures on the fatal contract . However, on his wedding day, Barney appears and tells him he will take these chosen ones right now at the stroke of midnight rather than let them live natural lives. Max is horrified and enraged by this and prepares to tear up the contracts. In the film\'s most intense scene, Satin appears in full devil regalia and screams at Max of his terrible fate of torment in Hell if he burns the contracts. Max does so anyway, to sacrifice himself for the three souls, and suddenly realizes he is living again. His kind, unselfish act has deemed him unfit for hell. The last scene shows Max looking upward  and saying "Thank you very much".'] ["A fantasy, it tells the story of seven-year-old Albert Franklin , the son of a Las Vegas magician's widowed assistant . His mother dies suddenly in a car accident and Albert, who is now an orphan, is sent to New Jersey to live with his mother's foster sister, Harriet . The plot revolves around Albert, and his imaginary friend named Bogus , a French magician, who helps the boy cope with his transition. Gradually Harriet, who can also see Bogus, comes to terms with her new situation as well."] ["The film starts with a saint in a gurukulam announcing to his students that Devi's birth to kill the evil shall come soon. The satan kills the saint but the Devi's birth is not stopped. It grows up as a child for Divya Unni and Ramky. The child gets all kinds of harm from the Satan but the Goddess Palayathu Amman saves it every time. At the same time, Divya Unni thinks that Meena wants to take away her child so tries to save it from her. At last, the child is kidnapped and about to be killed when Palayathu Amman kills the Satan and returns the child to her parents."] ['Tom Turner, a con artist, works at a dead letter office and begins to answer the letters from people addressed to God.'] ['Upon release from prison, gangster Eddie Kagle  is killed by his partner in crime, Smiley Williams . Kagle ends up in Hell, where "Nick"  offers him a chance to get out of hell and get revenge in exchange for help with a problem. He looks exactly like Judge Frederick Parker, an upright man who is entirely too honest and liable to cause more trouble in future, since he is running for governor of his state. Kagle readily agrees. Nick arranges to have Kagle take over Parker\'s body. Then, funny things start happening. Kagle pursues his goal with evil intent , but everything he does to smear the judge\'s reputation somehow ends up making Parker look better. Along the way, Kagle becomes acquainted with Barbara Foster , the judge\'s fiancée. He falls in love with her himself, causing him to question his whole outlook on life. Finally, he rebels. Kagle is offered the opportunity to shoot Williams but instead confronts the man with the truth. Shocked and frightened, Williams backs away and accidentally falls out an open window to his death. Exasperated and defeated, Nick takes Kagle back to Hell, leaving Judge Parker much better off than before. Nick threatens to make the reformed man\'s existence even more painful than usual, but Kagle blackmails his would-be tormentor; in return for not talking about how Nick messed up so badly, Kagle gets himself made a trustee.'] [" An old man standing outside a skee ball arcade in New Jersey is beaten into a coma by three hockey stick-wielding teenagers, the Stygian Triplets. Two fallen angels, Bartleby and Loki, were banished from Heaven after an inebriated Loki, with Bartleby's encouragement, resigned as the Angel of Death. Exiled to Wisconsin, the pair see their salvation when a church in Red Bank, New Jersey celebrates its centennial anniversary with a plenary indulgence. They can have their sins forgiven by passing through the doors of that church, and—upon death—regain access to Heaven. They fail to realize that this will overrule the word of God and destroy existence.  Metatron, the Voice of God, appears to Bethany Sloane and tasks her with preventing Bartleby and Loki's return. Bethany resists the mission, as she lost her faith in God due to her infertility and resultant divorce. Bethany is attacked by the Stygian Triplets, but is saved by Jay and Silent Bob, two prophets whom Metatron said would appear. She is also aided by Rufus, the thirteenth apostle, and Serendipity, a Muse with writer's block. The demon Azrael, a former Muse, warns Bartleby and Loki that the forces of Heaven and Hell are attempting to kill them, as Satan will not let them succeed where he has failed and make him look bad. Bethany's party unwittingly meet the angels on a train, where a drunk Bethany reveals her mission to Bartleby, who threatens to kill Bethany before a melee ensues, in which Bartleby and Loki are thrown off the train by Silent Bob. Bartleby rants that existence would be better off destroyed as God shows man infinite patience, while angels are punished after one transgression. Loki is alarmed by the ramifications of their plan and becomes reluctant to continue, comparing Bartleby's attitude to that of Lucifer. Bartleby orders him onwards. Bethany learns she was chosen for the mission because she is the last relative of Jesus Christ. The group ponders who orchestrated the angels' plan, and Metatron explains that God goes to Earth in human form every now and again to play skee ball, and has gone missing; someone knew enough to incapacitate God but leaving Him alive in a mortal form, and thus be unable to return to Heaven. The group deduces that Lucifer has as much to lose if Bartleby and Loki succeed as anyone else. Arriving at the church, they fail to persuade Cardinal Glick to cancel the celebration. As revenge Jay steals his golf club. When Bartleby and Loki reach the church, Bartleby kills everyone attending the celebration. At a nearby bar, Azrael captures the heroes and explains that he is the mastermind behind the angels' plan; he wants to destroy existence rather than spend eternity in Hell, but he needed to manipulate Bartleby and Loki, as demons cannot become human. Silent Bob kills Azrael with Cardinal Glick's blessed golf club. Serendipity tells Bethany to bless the sink, making the water in the sink holy; Jay, Rufus and Serendipity kill the Stygian Triplets by dunking their heads into the water. The heroes reach the church before Bartleby and Loki enter. Loki's wings have been torn off by Bartleby; he is now human and decides to help them. Bartleby kills Loki and fights off Rufus, Serendipity and Bob. During an attempt to seduce Bethany, Jay mentions John Doe Jersey, a comatose patient in a hospital across the street who was attacked outside a skee ball arcade and is being kept on life support. Hoping this is God, Bethany and Bob race to the hospital. Jay shoots off Bartleby's wings with a submachine gun, turning him human. Bethany removes the life support, allowing God to escape while inadvertently killing Bethany. In the form of a woman, God manifests at the church before a remorseful Bartleby, and kills him with the power of Her voice. Silent Bob shows up with Bethany's blood-stained corpse. God resurrects Bethany and conceives a child inside her. The heavenly beings return to Heaven, leaving Bethany, Jay and Bob to reflect on events."] ["{{seealso}} The film is set in 1967 to 1968. The attractive Kamila Sakowicz  and Roman Rożek  are lovers. At first Kamila does not know that Roman is an officer in the Polish secret State Security. After some time, he invites her into his apartment. After several nights of passion Roman asks Kamila for a favor. Kamila is to approach the well-known writer and literature professor Adam Warczewski  and report on his views and contacts. Kamila selects the pseudonym Różyczka . Roman claims Warczewski is a Zionist counter-revolutionary hiding his Jewish name Wajner behind the Polish name Warczewski. Kamila is approaching the professor who invites her to his home and introduces her to classical music and the Polish exile literature. The professor is a widower and single father of a young daughter. The relationship between Kamila and Warczewskis family gets closer and the reports for the state security more detailed and interesting. Finally, the professor and Kamila become lovers. Roman continues to receive top stories, but his jealousy is as big as his professional ambition. When the Polish government stops a theatre play due to anti-Soviet propaganda, Warczewski calls a meeting of the PEN Club to protest. Kamila is the secretary of the meeting, and she forwards the minutes to the State Security with her termination of cooperation. She wants to marry the professor. Roman is desperate in his jealousy and informs Warczewski about Kamila's collaboration with the State Security. After the suppression of the riots Władysław Gomułka frames Warczewski as an example of Jewish anti-socialist elements in Polish society. The anti-Semitic mood forces 15,000 Jewish citizens to leave Poland. At the same time, however, Rożek, whose name was originally Jewish Rosen, is unmasked and released from State Security. He also has to leave the country. In a final act of jealousy, he kills the professor."] ['The film stars Grant as Tony, an Anglican priest newly arrived from England, asked to visit a notorious artist, loosely based on the Australian artist Norman Lindsay and played here by Sam Neill, out of the church\'s concern about a blasphemous painting the artist plans to exhibit. Estella, the priest\'s wife , accompanies him on the visit to the artist\'s bucolic compound in the Blue Mountains. The artist\'s saucy models are played by Elle Macpherson and Kate Fischer; Lindsay\'s wife, Rose  also poses for him. Portia de Rossi  plays the maid who has just begun demurely modeling for him as well. Mark Gerber plays the partially blind Devlin, the "odd-job" man who also poses for Lindsay. While both Grant and Neill play characters critical to the film\'s story, the film is really about Estella, who responds to the sensuality of her surroundings over the course of her visit to Lindsay\'s estate. Her relationship with Tony includes the intimacy and commitment needed in a well-rounded marriage, but is missing the passion, in all of that term\'s senses. All of Estella\'s senses are engaged by the backdrop for the film, a lush and dangerous landscape filled with the distinctive flora and fauna of Australia. To the prim and proper English wife of a priest it\'s all quite exotic. Lindsay\'s voluptuous models  live the libertine lives that Lindsay champions through his paintings and Lindsay has animated postprandial conversations with her husband. Those scenes and conversations, and various glimpses of naked models and a naked Devlin, contribute to the stimulating environment. The surroundings and the lives of the models are siren calls that lead Estella to fantasize with increasing intensity, and  act on a few of her impulses. She suffers morning-after remorse about a late-night encounter with Devlin, and perhaps influenced by supportive words from her husband , the film ends with a playful scene between the two of them. The scene hints at the possibility that she may find passion with her husband after all. A separate story arc follows de Rossi\'s character as she matures emotionally under the influence of the other two models and Estella\'s advice. It intersects with the primary arc in the person of Devlin, to whom de Rossi\'s character is attracted.'] 