['Coming to the assistance of a nanny who is almost killed during a bungled hit-and-run assassination attempt, Richard Hannay  is surprised to find that there is no baby in her pram. Curious, he meets her at the Palace music hall where she has gone to see the act of Mr Memory ([[James Hayter . Afterwards, she goes back to Hannay\'s flat with him, where she reveals that she is a spy working for British Intelligence following a group called "The Thirty-Nine Steps"; all they know about their elusive leader is that he is missing the tip of a finger. The Thirty-Nine Steps are in possession of a set of top-secret plans for "Boomerang", a British ballistic missile project that could tip the balance of power in Europe. She tells Hannay that she must leave for Scotland immediately, but while Hannay is out of the room, she is killed by two hitmen. Fearing he will be accused of her murder, Hannay decides to continue her mission and catches a train to Scotland from King\'s Cross railway station, evading the hitmen outside his flat by adopting a cunning milkman disguise. During the journey, he has a chance encounter with Miss Fisher , a netball coach at a boarding school for girls. He is forced to pretend they are lovers to avoid the police detectives who boarded at Edinburgh. However, Miss Fisher gives him away and Hannay jumps from the stationary train on the Forth Bridge. He then meets Percy Baker , a helpful ex-convict lorry driver who advises him to stop at "The Gallows", an inn owned by Nelly Lumsden , who was once accused of practising the occult. She helps him pass the police patrols by disguising him in a cycle party she is accommodating and creating a diversion with her husband. Hannay eventually finds the house of the man he thinks he is looking for, Professor Logan ([[Barry Jones , but finds out that he has been tricked; the man is actually the spy ring\'s leader. He escapes and informs the police, but is not believed and has to jump out of the police station window. Hannay escapes in the back of a passing sheep transporter. He then poses as a lecturer in a Highland girl\'s boarding school, coincidentally where Miss Fisher works, and ending up giving a bizarre lecture on the Woods and the Wayside in August. Miss Fisher recognises him and he is again taken into custody, but this time by the two assassins posing as detectives. After he shouts out to Miss Fisher to telephone Scotland Yard about the Boomerang, the assassins are forced to take her with them. Hannay is handcuffed to Miss Fisher in a Ford Zephyr with the hitmen, who are taking them back to London. A burst tyre gives Hannay his chance to escape, but only having one hand to drive with, he crashes the car, forcing him to wander through the bleak Scottish Highlands handcuffed to Miss Fisher. Eventually, they chance upon a bed and breakfast run by Mrs MacDougal . Hannay hides their handcuffed condition and informs her that they are a runaway couple. While Hannay sleeps, Miss Fisher frees herself from the handcuffs, but then overhears their pursuers inquiring about them and about The Thirty-Nine Steps. She realises her error and goes back to help Hannay, telling him the final rendezvous for the conspirators. The finale is back in the Palace music hall where Hannay provokes Mr. Memory into telling him where "The Thirty-Nine Steps" are, just as the police arrest him. Mr Memory has used his formidable memory to memorise the Boomerang plans. However, before he can reveal the secret, Memory is shot by the ringleader and the secret is safe, as the main conspirators are either dead or in custody.'] ['In ancient times, the gods Zeus, Poseidon, and Hades betrayed their parents, the Titans, and banished them to the Underworld with the help of the Kraken, a sea monster born of Hades. The gods divided the Universe among themselves; Zeus took the skies, Poseidon took the seas, and Hades, tricked by Zeus, was left with the Underworld. The gods created the mortals, whose faith in them assured their immortality; however, as time passed, mortals began to question them. Years later, "Perseus" is fishing with his family when they witness soldiers from the city of Argos destroying a statue of Zeus. The gods, infuriated at this desecration, unleash the Furies - flying beasts who pursue mortal sinners. The furies attack the soldiers and destroy the fishing vessel. Only Perseus survives and is found by a group of soldiers from Argos. Perseus is brought before King Cepheus and Queen Cassiopeia who are celebrating the campaign against the gods. Queen Cassiopeia brashly compares her daughter Princess Andromeda to the gods and boasts she is more beautiful than Aphrodite. The revelry is cut short by the arrival of Hades, who has been given leave by Zeus to punish the mortals for their defiance. Hades states that he will unleash the Kraken against Argos unless Andromeda is offered as a sacrifice. Before leaving, he reveals that Perseus is a demigod, the son of Zeus. In captivity, Perseus meets Io, who tells him of his origin. Io also reveals that she was cursed with immortality after she refused Poseidon\'s advances and has watched over Perseus his entire life. She has always protected him, as he is the only one who can defeat the gods. Perseus is asked to lead the King\'s Guard to visit the Stygian Witches in order to discover a way to kill the Kraken. Wishing to avenge the death of his family, Perseus accepts. Zeus is convinced by Apollo to give Perseus a chance and presents him with an enchanted sword forged on Mt. Olympus and a winged horse named Pegasus. Perseus refuses both gifts but Draco puts the sword into safekeeping. Shortly thereafter, they are attacked by Calibos. Draco severs Calibos\'s hand causing Calibos to flee. The band gives chase but is attacked by giant scorpions called Scorpiochs summoned by Calibos’s blood. They are saved by the Djinn, a band of non-human desert sorcerers led by Sheik Suleiman. The Djinn, also wishing for the gods\' defeat, lend their aid to Perseus and his band. The group arrives at the lair of the Stygian Witches and learns from them that the only possibility for killing the Kraken lies with the head of the gorgon Medusa who resides in a temple in the Underworld. Medusa can turn any creature made of flesh into stone that makes eye contact with her gaze, and thus using her head is the only way to stop the Kraken. Perseus, Io, Suleiman, Draco and his remaining men Solon, Eusebius, and Ixas cross into the Underworld and enter Medusa\'s temple lair while Io remains outside, unable to enter the temple as a woman. Suleiman and Draco both wound Medusa, sacrificing themselves in the process and setting the stage for Perseus to behead her with his eyes closed. As he is leaving the temple with Medusa\'s head, he witnesses Calibos appear behind Io and fatally stab her. Perseus and Calibos engage in mortal combat and as he finally comes to terms with who he is, Perseus picks up the Olympian sword and pierces Calibos through the chest. Before dying, Io urges a reluctant Perseus to leave her and save Andromeda and Argos before she dissolves into a golden ethereal vapor. Perseus mounts Pegasus and hastens back to Argos as the solar eclipse begins and Zeus orders the Kraken\'s release. The Cult goes to the palace and seizes Andromeda in order to offer her to the Kraken. In an intense aerial chase with Perseus riding Pegasus, he manages to retrieve the bag and expose Medusa\'s face to the Kraken, making eye contact just before it is able to eat Andromeda. The Kraken slowly turns into a massive stone statue which cracks and falls apart. Perseus raises his sword to the heavens and calling upon Zeus, throws his sword at Hades. A lightning bolt engulfs the sword which expels Hades and banishes him to the Underworld once more. Perseus rescues Andromeda, now the rightful Queen of Argos. Andromeda asks Perseus to stay by her side as King, but he declines. Perseus also refuses another offer of godhood from Zeus, who then states that if Perseus is to live as a human he should not be alone, and subsequently revives Io.'] ["Robin Shea is a mischief-causing temptress, a rock-star wannabe who will do anything to escape the confines of a New Mexico prison. She meets a young man named Billy Moran who is doing some manual labor at the prison. After a brief tryst within minutes of having met, she persuades Billy to marry her. Billy's responsible, serious demeanor is a sharp contrast to Robin's wild-child nature. She doesn't want a relationship. She is only interested in furthering a musical career any way she can. A politician, James Tiernan, had previously picked up Robin during a jailbreak and drove her back to the prison. He risks his chances of being elected governor on his ability to use Robin as a poster child for successful prison reform. In the meantime, Robin tries to teach Billy how to properly relate to women as he tries to teach her how to be a wife and mother. In effect, they learn from each other how to become better human beings."] ['David "Dave" Whiteman  and his wife, Barbara, played by Bette Midler, portray a couple whose 20-year marriage is unfulfilling. Dave is having an affair with their live-in maid, played by Elizabeth Peña, while Barbara tries to relieve the anxiety she constantly feels by experimenting with various New Age therapies.'] ["Peter and Carla have a wasted marriage and constant friction. Peter buys expensive camping gear and, despite the protests of Carla, insists they travel with their dog Cricket to camp on the isolated Moondah Beach in the North Coast with his friend Luke and his girlfriend during the rainy holiday. Peter stops in a pub at the Eggleston Hotel and leaves a message for Luke with the owner of the pub. When Peter takes what he believes to be shortcut to the beach, he gets lost and the couple spends the night sleeping in their SUV. The next morning, Peter organizes the campsite and their intrusion into and abuse of the natural environment begins. During the two days, the couple's relationship deteriorates while the nature avenges the bad treatment the couple has inflicted upon it."] ['The film opens as Eddie Lomax  drives an Indian motorcycle in an open desert plain . Soon enough, the motorcycle breaks down and Eddie dismounts, carrying nothing but his jacket, his .45 pistol, and a bottle of tequilla. As he lies in the desert drinking, he eventually sees his friend Johnny Sixtoes , a Mexican Indian, whom he had sent a postcard notifying him of his arrival. In their conversation, Eddie reveals that the surprise he wrote about in the letter was, in fact, the Indian motorcycle. He also reveals that he\'s there to kill himself as he goes into a drunken rage, revealing deep regret from their days in the Army, claiming that the souls of those that he killed haunt him. Firing shots off in all directions, he vents his buried feelings to Johnny, and hopes he will "give him the OK to take a journey". Soon after the shots are fired, a truck pulls up to Eddie, Johnny disappears, it gets clear that Eddie was hallucinating about him being present. Matt , Jesse ([[Silas Weir Mitchell , and Petey Hogan , sons of Ramsey Hogan  get out of the truck, Matt furious at one of Eddie\'s drunken shots almost killing him. Eddie staggers to them, not wanting any trouble; Matt, however, insists that he apologize. Matt then proposes that they take the motorcycle, and they\'ll forget about the gunshot. Eddie persists that the motorcycle is a gift for his friend, telling Matt to get off. Matt seems to comply, until he delivers a cheap blow to Eddie. After a small fight, Eddie is left beaten and shot in his right shoulder. As the brothers stand over Eddie, another truck passes with a local restaurant waitress Dottie  and cook Vern . Dottie expresses extreme concern; Vern, simply drives on, not wanting any trouble from the Hogans. Matt begins to load the motorcycle onto the truck, instructing Jesse to make sure that Eddie is dead. Jesse asks for Eddie\'s gun from Pete, who took it from the earlier struggle. Being the youngest of the three, Petey insists on doing the job. As Jesse and Matt load the motorcycle, Petey aims at Eddie\'s head. Eddie\'s eyes open briefly, which makes Petey uneasy. Two shots ring out, which make Matt and Jesse think that Pete shot Eddie twice. However, Petey froze and simply shot two rounds into the ground. Johnny Six Toes finds Eddie and nurses him back to health. Eddie then comes back to town to recover his pistol from Leon  and Lester  in the pawn shop by killing them. Eddie falls for Rhonda Reynolds , the other waitress and enlists the help of Jubal Early  to help him dispose of the bodies. He then sets the two rival gangs against each other in a bloody path to get his prized motorcycle for Johnny, get his revenge from the Hogans, and ultimately find a reason to carry on living in the end Eddie defeats Jesse and is once on the road with Johnny'] ['In this Americanized remake of the 1931 German film of the same name, both the police and the criminal underworld stalk a mysterious killer who preys on small children.'] ["Rose Morgan, a shy, plain, middle-aged English literature professor at Columbia University, shares a home with her vain, overbearing mother Hannah. Her attractive sister Claire starts preparations for her second wedding to Alex , who used to date Rose, so she begins to feel her loveless life is empty. Gregory Larkin, a Columbia Mathematics teacher who feels sex complicates matters between men and women, since he seems to lose all his rational perspective as soon as he is aroused. After his last girlfriend dumps him after one last night stand before she gets married, based on a suggestion by a sex-phone service, he decides to look for a relationship based on the intellectual rather than the physical and places an ad in a newspaper. Claire reads the ad and answers on behalf of Rose. Gregory is intrigued when Claire tells him that Rose teaches English literature at Columbia, so he drops in in Rose's lecture about chaste love in literature, missing entirely the point she was making. After a series of mishaps they begin dating and he is impressed by her wit and knowledge and seems to be fascinated by her quirks and mannerisms which usually drive people crazy. She is also fascinated by the dashing math professor and even helps him improve in his teaching techniques. He proposes marriage, with the condition it will be largely platonic, with rare sex only if she needs it. The prospect of spending the rest of her life as a lonely spinster living with her mother seems far worse than a marriage on those conditions, so Rose accepts. Rose's attraction to Gregory grows, and one night she attempts to seduce him, much to his annoyance. He had hoped that by then she had given up on the idea of sex, though he admits he initially raised its possibility. He abruptly breaks off their attempt at physical intimacy when he finds himself becoming truly aroused and fears that it will change the safe, comfortable feelings he feels towards Rose. When Gregory departs on a lengthy lecture tour, Rose embarks on a crash course in self-improvement: she diets, exercises, changes her hairstyle, learns to use makeup, and outfits herself in an updated wardrobe. When her husband returns he finds a very different woman waiting for him and is too startled to express his feelings before she admits that she made a mistake accepting their passionless marriage, and leaves him. All the while Rose realizes that everyone, including herself, is behaving differently now towards her improved-self, though not always to her liking. Gregory and Rose realize their mutual love has been hindered not by Rose's appearance, but by Gregory's unusual theories on marriage and sex, and finally recognize their deep affection."] ["The story opens in the island village of Mandwa. A school teacher, Dinanath Chauhan ; highly respected by the villagers tries to dissuade them from giving away their lands on lease to Kancha Cheena , the son of the village head who plans to start a drug mafia. Knowing this, Kancha decides to get rid of the school teacher. He ambushes and murders a young girl inside the school, framing Chauhan for the murder. With the support of the villagers, Kancha then kills Chauhan by hanging him to death from a tree which is witnessed by young Vijay Chauhan , the son of the teacher. Vijay Chauhan along with his pregnant mother Suhasini Chauhan  leave the village. Destitute, they find shelter in the city of Mumbai but Vijay harbors intentions to go back to Mandwa and kill Kancha. While in Mumbai, Vijay's mother delivers a baby girl named Shiksha. Vijay is attracted to Rauf Lala , a local girl-trafficker and importantly an enemy of Kancha and wants to get into his company. He earns his favor and joins his gang. Meanwhile, his mother along with his baby sister leave Vijay's side as he resorts to violence. A grown-up Vijay  now works for Rauf Lala and finds himself as his trusted wing-man. Once inspector and now commissioner, Gaitonde  acts as a silent guardian for Vijay and tries to eliminate crime in Mumbai. During the time when Rauf's influence over the drug business in Mumbai is falling, Kancha decides to grow his influence as a drug lord in the city and sends his aid, Shantaram  over to Mumbai for the process. Vijay with the help of the commissioner disrupts this plan and is lauded by Lala. He further gains the trust of Lala by taking a bullet shot which was aimed for Lala's son, Mazhar ; but is later revealed as a conspiracy involving Vijay and Shantaram to eliminate Mazhar. After murdering both Mazhar and Shantaram, Vijay brings Mazhar's corpse to Lala, who falls sick and is admitted into a hospital. In the meantime, Vijay takes over Lala's empire and stops all the crimes committed by Lala's gang. He is then contacted by Kancha and offers to go to Mandwa for a business agreement. While in Mandwa, Vijay tries to strike a deal with Kancha to hand over the drug business in Mumbai over to Kancha and in return taking Mandwa. Though Kancha initially suspects this deal, he later agrees on the condition that Gaitonde must be killed. Meanwhile back in Mumbai, Lala regains health and finds out the truth behind Mazhar's death. He gets hold of Vijay's sister Shiksha  and tries to sell her off. Vijay is notified of this by Kancha and he flees back to Mumbai and kills Lala. Soon after, Kancha sends a man to assassinate Gaitonde. This man identifies Vijay to be the son of the teacher killed by Kancha and reports this to Kancha. However, while he tries to assassinate Gaitonde, he is killed by Vijay. Vijay, meanwhile marries his love interest Kaali Gawde , who is killed right after during a shooting spree by Kancha's men. Vijay leaves for Mandwa to avenge the death of his father and his wife and after an intense battle with Kancha, kills him by hanging him from the same tree in which his father was hanged. However, Vijay succumbs to his injuries and breaths his last in the hands of his mother, who forgives him of his sins."] ['Lou Francis  and Bud Alexander  have just graduated from a private detective school. Tommy Nelson , a middleweight boxer, comes to them with their first case. Tommy recently escaped from jail, after being accused of murdering his manager, and asks the duo to accompany him on a visit to his fiancée, Helen Gray . He wants her uncle, Dr. Philip Gray , to inject him with a special serum he has developed which will render Tommy invisible, and hopes to use the newfound invisibility to investigate his manager\'s murder and proved his innocence. Dr. Gray adamantly refuses, arguing that the serum is still unstable, but as the police arrive Tommy injects himself with it and successfully becomes invisible. Detective Roberts  questions Dr. Gray and Helen while Bud and Lou search for Tommy. Helen and Tommy convince Bud and Lou to help them seek the real killer, after Tommy explains that the motive for the murder occurred after he refused to "throw" a fight, knocking his opponent, Rocky Hanlon , out cold. Morgan , the promoter who fixed the fight, ordered Tommy\'s manager beaten to death while framing Tommy for the crime. In order to investigate undercover, Lou poses as a boxer, with Bud as his manager. They go to Stillwell\'s gym where Lou gets in the ring with Rocky Hanlon. Tommy, still invisible, gets into the ring with them and again knocks out Hanlon with the illusion that Lou did it, and an official match is arranged. Morgan urges Lou to throw the fight, but when the match occurs , poor Hanlon is knocked out yet again. Morgan plans Bud\'s murder which is thwarted by Tommy, who unfortunately is wounded in the battle and begins to bleed badly. The protagonists rush to the hospital where a blood transfusion is arranged between Lou and Tommy. During the transfusion, Tommy becomes visible again. Unfortunately, some of Tommy\'s blood has apparently entered Lou,who briefly turns invisible, only to reappear with his legs inexplicably on backwards.'] ['In the small fishing town of Nightmute, Alaska, 17-year-old Kay Connell  is found murdered. LAPD detectives Will Dormer  and Hap Eckhart  are sent to assist the local police with their investigation. Concurrently, an intense Internal Affairs investigation in Los Angeles is about to put Dormer under the microscope; Eckhart reveals that Internal Affairs has offered him an immunity deal in exchange for his testimony regarding one of Dormer\'s past cases. Eckhart says that he has no choice but to accept the deal. Focusing on the Nightmute case, Dormer comes up with a plan to lure the murderer back to the scene of the crime; however, the attempt is blown, and the murder suspect flees into the fog. During the pursuit, Dormer sees a figure through the fog, and he fires. Dormer discovers that he has mistakenly shot Eckhart. Given the nature of Eckhart\'s impending testimony, Dormer knows that Internal Affairs will never believe that the shooting was accidental; panicked, he alters the crime scene before crying for help. Ellie Burr , a young police officer, is put in charge of the investigation of Eckhart\'s shooting. Dormer is plagued by insomnia brought on by guilt over killing Eckhart, and further exacerbated by the perpetual daylight. Dormer then starts receiving anonymous phone calls from the suspect, who claims to have witnessed Dormer kill his partner. Dormer is aware that Kay was a fan of a crime writer named Walter Finch . Dormer looks up Finch\'s address and breaks into his apartment to gather evidence, only to be discovered by Finch himself, who gets away. Finch contacts Dormer, and offers Dormer a deal, where Dormer is to frame Kay\'s abusive boyfriend Randy Stetz ([[Jonathan Jackson  for the murder in exchange for Finch\'s silence about the Eckhart shooting. Meanwhile, Burr finds some inconsistencies in Dormer\'s testimony; she finds a 9mm shell casing at the scene, which conflicts with the bullet type believed to be found in the body. Meanwhile, Finch calls Dormer and tells him that Kay\'s death was "an accident" &mdash; he beat her to death in a fit of rage after she rejected his advances. The next day, Finch, under Dormer\'s instruction, gives false testimony at the station, which, along with a weapon planted by Finch, effectively places blame on Randy. Finch offers to give Burr letters indicating that Randy abused Kay, and asks her to come and collect evidence from his second, isolated home the next day. Dormer returns to his hotel for one last night, where he confides in the hotel owner, Rachel Clement  about the Internal Affairs investigation: he fabricated evidence to help convict a pedophile he was certain was guilty of murdering a child, and who would have been set free if Eckhart had testified. Upon returning to Finch\'s apartment, Dormer discovers that Finch has gone to meet Burr, and realizes that Finch intends to kill her. Finch knocks Burr unconscious. Dormer eventually reaches the cabin and struggles to fight Finch. Burr eventually saves Dormer from Finch, who flees; she then holds Dormer at gunpoint, revealing that she knows he shot Eckhart. Dormer admits that he shot his partner, but claims he is no longer certain if it was an accident. From his shed, Finch fires at them; while Burr distracts him with gunfire, Dormer sneaks around to Finch\'s location. A struggle ensues which ends with them shooting each other, killing Finch and mortally wounding Dormer. Burr rushes to the detective\'s aid, and then comforts him by affirming that Eckhart\'s shooting was accidental, and tries to toss the shell casing evidence. Dormer stops Burr, telling her not to lose her way, before he dies. After a brief moment of contemplation, Burr decides to slip the shell casing back into its plastic evidence bag.'] ['Jimmy Kowalski , a Gulf War veteran and former stock car racer, works as an automobile restorer and delivery driver at a shop in Idaho. He takes an assignment delivering a 1971 Plymouth Roadrunner to New Mexico to pay his wife\'s mounting medical bills. While in New Mexico, he is offered another job, delivering a 426 Hemi powered 1970 Dodge Challenger R/T to Salt Lake City, Utah. On the way, he\'s informed that his wife\'s already-difficult pregnancy has taken a turn for the worse and continues to head back home to Idaho, refusing to stop for police when flagged down for speeding. An interstate chase develops. Throughout the rest of the journey he is pursued by a relentless Utah sheriff and an FBI agent who, while trying to make a name for himself and the organization after the incidents of Ruby Ridge and the Waco Siege, becomes convinced he is either running drugs or is a domestic terrorist. Kowalski is aided in his flight by a radio shock jock called "The Voice" , a libertarian DJ with a Gadsden flag in his studio, who is constantly giving homilies on things such as income taxes and government oppression. The Voice, intrigued by Kowalkski\'s run across country, sets out to find the truth about Kowalski. As he does so, he discovers the truth of Kowalski\'s "drug run" and that he is really rushing home to be with his wife and her now dangerous pregnancy. Along the way, Kowalski runs into the desert where he gets lost, blows a tire, and spends the night in an Indian reservation. He finds his way back onto the road where he continues on his way to Idaho, tricking the FBI into going the opposite direction of his intended path. However, as the day rides on he falls asleep and drives into the salt flats. A woman on a motorcycle finds him just after he wakes up and informs him that he has damaged his oil pan. He follows her to her hideout where he meets her boyfriend who is at first suspicious that he is from the government. He is hiding from the IRS. After the girl and Kowalski convince him he is \'one of them\', he offers to ride 30 miles to try and locate a replacement oil pan. He arrives back after successfully finding one but also warns Kowalski that the roads and intersections are teeming with police and agents. After they help Kowalski fit the pan they offer to help him with a plan to run a roadblock. Kowalski successfully gets through the roadblock by having flashing police lights mounted on the roof and rushing at the roadblock; in the dimming light the police think its another police car and hurriedly let him through. However an officer fires a shot at the retreating Challenger and blows out the rear screen. Afterwards Kowalski shuts off his headlights and vanishes into the woods, using night vision goggles he bought from the guy with the scanner. The police helicopter has infrared detectors but Kowalski evades being seen by hiding the car under a large piece of tin. He wakes up from a nightmare about his wife at 7:19 a.m., finds a phone booth and calls the hospital, speaking to the same doctor as previously. Kowalski then drives down the road to where the movie began. Upon seeing the roadblock, he stops where we first see him in the beginning. A flashback reveals that his wife died at 7:19 a.m. after her kidneys failed. He then drives his car into the roadblock at full speed. An epilogue by "The Voice" reveals that although the authorities claim he died in the crash, the body was never found and that some witnesses claim he bailed out just before the crash and escaped authorities with the help of sympathetic onlookers. A scenario is given where his former Mexican friend finds his tags and shows he is now living in the wilderness with his newborn daughter.'] ['In 1891, Ben Talbot is confronted by an unknown creature in the Blackmoor woods. He tries to escape, but is mauled and killed by the beast. Gwen Conliffe , Ben\'s fiancée, has contacted his brother, Lawrence Talbot , the world-renowned Shakespearean actor, saying that Ben disappeared a month ago. Lawrence leaves his theater tour to return to his family\'s estate in Blackmoor where he has an uneasy reunion with his estranged father, Sir John . Later, it is revealed that Lawrence\'s mother, Solana, had committed suicide when he was a boy. Lawrence saw his father standing over her dead body, after which he was sent to an insane asylum in London, ostensibly for suffering delusions. Ben\'s body, found the day before, has been stored at a slaughterhouse. When Lawrence views his brother\'s remains, he is horrified. Among Ben\'s personal effects is a medallion that Ben apparently purchased from gypsies. Later at the local pub, Lawrence overhears the locals discussing the killing. Many blame the gypsies who are camped outside the town, while another patron claims there was a similar murder several decades earlier, and a werewolf was the suspected killer. After Gwen returns to London, Lawrence visits the gypsies during a full moon. The local townspeople then raid the camp to confiscate a dancing bear they believe is the killer. But a creature suddenly attacks, slaughtering many people. While chasing a frightened young boy who has run into the woods, Lawrence is savagely bitten by the creature. The townspeople chase it off before Lawrence is killed. As a gypsy woman named Maleva sutures his neck wounds, her daughter insists Lawrence should be killed. Maleva refuses, saying he is still a man and that only a loved one can release him. Gwen returns to Talbot Hall to care for Lawrence. He suffers several fitful dreams, but after a few weeks, appears to have completely recovered. Sir John\'s Sikh manservant, Singh , shows Lawrence the silver bullets he has and implies that something monstrous is loose in Blackmoor. Inspector Aberline  arrives to investigate the recent murders. He suspects Lawrence is responsible based on his mental history and masterful portrayals of mentally-ill protagonists such as Hamlet and Macbeth. As the night draws near, several hunters from the town take position in the woods, waiting for the beast to appear. Worried about what might happen, Lawrence sends Gwen away. He then follows Sir John to Solana\'s crypt. He tells Lawrence that he has been "dead" for years, then locks himself into the room alone. Lawrence then undergoes a painful transformation into the Wolfman before running off into the woods and killing the hunters stationed there. The next day, Aberline and the local police arrest a bloodied, now-human Lawrence. Taken to the same asylum he was committed at as a child, Lawrence is subjected to ice-water and electrotherapy treatments overseen by Dr. Hoenneger . Sir John visits Lawrence and explains that many years before while hunting in India, he was bitten by a feral boy infected with lycanthropy. Lawrence realizes that he saw his father, as a werewolf, kill his mother. After that tragedy, Sir John had relied on Singh to imprison him during full moons. Yet one night, Sir John became drunk and got into a heated argument with Ben. Having knocked Singh out and unable to lock himself in, Sir John killed Ben and attacked the gypsy camp. Now intoxicated by the werewolf\'s immense power, Sir John no longer intends to restrain that potency. On the night of the full moon, Dr. Hoenneger presents Lawrence, strapped in a chair, to his colleagues as an interesting case study. As the full moon streams through the window, Lawrence transforms into a werewolf, breaks loose and kills Hoenneger. Pursued by Aberline, the Wolfman then goes on a bloody rampage in the streets of London. The next day, the now-human Lawrence goes to Gwen\'s antique shop for help. The two realize they are falling in love. Aberline arrives and searches the shop, but Lawrence has already escaped and returned to Blackmoor. Lawrence arrives at Talbot Hall and finds Singh\'s mutilated body hanging in the foyer. He loads a gun with Singh\'s silver bullets, but when he attempts to shoot Sir John, he discovers that Sir John had secretly removed the powder from the cartridges years ago. When the full moon rises, both transform into werewolves. A vicious fight erupts, and the house is set on fire. Lawrence then kills his father. Gwen arrives hoping to save Lawrence, followed by Aberline, who attempts to shoot the Wolfman. Gwen disrupts the shot and then flees with Aberline\'s revolver. The Wolfman bites Aberline, but chases Gwen rather than finish him off. The Wolfman traps Gwen above a gorge. She pleads with Lawrence, whose consciousness faintly recognizes her. As he hesitates, Gwen shoots him with a silver bullet. As he lies dying, the Wolfman transforms back to Lawrence and thanks Gwen for doing what needed to be done. The wounded Aberline arrives, along with the mob, as Lawrence dies in peace. Aberline looks with horror at the bite wound in his shoulder and then at the moon and realizes what will be his inevitable fate. As Talbot Hall burns in the distance, the Wolfman\'s howl is heard for the last time.'] ["Fisherman Matt Boyd  is fishing in Lake Victoria, Arizona when a small earthquake hits, splitting the lake floor and causing a whirlpool. Boyd falls in and is ripped apart by a school of piranhas that emerge from the chasm and ascend the vortex. Jake Forester  is admiring attractive tourists as spring break begins. He reunites with his old crush, Kelly  and meets Derrick Jones , an eccentric pornographer, as well as Danni Arslow , one of his actresses. Derrick convinces Jake to show him good spots on the lake for filming a pornographic movie. That night, Jake's mother, Sheriff Julie Forester , searches for the missing Matt Boyd with Deputy Fallon . They find his mutilated body and contemplate closing the lake, however this is made difficult by two thousand partying college students on spring break who are important for bringing revenue to the small town. The next morning, a lone cliff diver is attacked and consumed by the marauding fish. Jake bribes his sister and brother, Laura  and Zane , to stay home alone so that he can show Derrick around the lake. After Jake leaves, Zane drafts Laura to go fishing on a small sandbar island. They forget to tie the boat down and are stranded in the middle of the lake. Meanwhile, Jake goes to meet with Derrick and runs into Kelly, who invites herself onto Derrick’s boat, The Barracuda. Jake meets Crystal Shepard , another of Derrick’s actresses, and cameraman Andrew Cunningham . Julie takes a team of seismologist divers — Novak ([[Adam Scott , Sam , and Janice  — to the fissure. Novak speculates that the rift leads to a buried prehistoric lake. Janice and Sam scuba dive to the bottom and discover a large cavern filled with large piranha egg stocks. Both are killed by the piranhas before they can alert the others to the discovery. Novak and Julie find Janice's corpse and pull it onto the boat, capturing a lone piranha, which they take to Carl Goodman , a marine biologist who works as a pet store owner. He explains that it is a super-aggressive prehistoric species, long believed to be extinct. Julie, Novak, Fallon, and Deputy Taylor Roberts  try to evacuate the lake, but their warnings are ignored until the piranhas begin to attack the tourists. Novak boards a jet-ski with a shotgun to help while Fallon drags people to shore and Julie and Taylor try to get swimmers into the police boat. A floating stage capsizes from the weight of the panicking guests, pulling a electric wire which mutilates few tourists. Almost everyone in the lake is either wounded or killed by the piranhas or panicking guests that were recklessly driving their speed boats. Meanwhile, Jake spots Laura and Zane on the island, and forces Derrick to rescue them. Derrick crashes the boat into some rocks, flooding the rooms below deck. Kelly is trapped in the kitchen while Derrick, Crystal and Drew fall overboard due to the impact of the collision. Crystal is devoured and Drew disappears, leaving his fate unknown. Meanwhile, Danni manages to get a partially eaten Derrick back on board. Deputy Fallon makes a last stand, taking a boat motor and using its propellor to shred and kill many piranhas. After the chaos settles, Julie receives a call from Jake pleading for help. Julie and Novak steal a speed boat and head off towards the kids. Julie and Novak reach Jake and attach a rope to his boat. Julie, Danni, Laura, and Zane start crossing the rope, but the piranhas latch onto Danni's hair and ultimately devour her. The others make it to safety, but the rope comes loose. Using Derrick's corpse as a distraction, Jake ties the line to himself and goes to save Kelly. He ties Kelly to him and lights a flare after releasing the gas in a pair of stored propane tanks. Novak starts the boat and speeds away just as the piranhas surround Kelly and Jake. They are dragged to safety and the propane tanks explode, destroying the boat and killing most of the piranhas. Mr. Goodman calls Julie on the radio, and Julie tells him that they seem to have killed the majority of the piranhas. Terrified, Goodman tells her that the reproductive glands on the piranha they obtained were not mature, which means that the fish they were fighting were only the babies. As Novak wonders aloud where the parents are, a human sized piranha leaps out and knocks him into the water."] ['At the end of 21st Century, the Earth is divided into two territories — the United Federation of Britain  and the Colony  — after chemical warfare devastates the remainder of the planet. Many residents of the Colony travel to the UFB to work in their factories via "the Fall", a gravity elevator, which travels through the Earth. Habitable space is at a minimum in both the UFB and the Colony. A Resistance that operates in the UFB seeks to improve life in the Colony. A factory worker named Douglas Quaid  decides to visit Rekall, a company that implants artificial memories. Rekall employee McClane  convinces Quaid to be implanted with memories of a secret agent. Quaid is tested to avoid having implanted memories conflicting with real memories, and McClane discovers that Quaid has real memories of being a spy. McClane and his co-workers are suddenly gunned down by a SWAT team. Quaid instinctively reacts and kills the officers before escaping. Quaid returns home to his wife Lori , but Lori attempts to kill Quaid, revealing that she is not his wife of seven years, but an undercover UFB agent who has been monitoring him for the past six weeks. Quaid manages to escape, and Hammond , a man claiming to be a former associate, contacts Quaid via a mobile phone embedded in Quaid\'s hand, disclosing the location of a nearby safe-deposit box. Quaid cuts the mobile phone out of his hand to avoid being traced. In the safe-deposit box, Quaid discovers a recorded message from his former self, leading him to an apartment in UFB. On the way, Quaid meets Melina , the woman from his dreams. At the apartment, Quaid plays a piano to trigger a second recorded message which reveals that Quaid was formerly Carl Hauser, a highly skilled agent working for UFB Chancellor Vilos Cohaagen . After defecting to the Resistance movement, Hauser was captured by the UFB and implanted with false memories. The recording reveals a plot by Cohaagen to use the synthetic police force to invade the Colony to provide more living space for UFB, but that Hauser had seen a code that could stop the UFB\'s robotic forces which can be recovered from his memory with the aid of the Resistance\'s leader, Matthias . Melina reveals that she was Hauser\'s lover, but the two were separated when Hauser was captured. Tracked to the apartment by the police, Quaid and Melina find themselves surrounded. Quaid\'s friend and colleague from the Colony, Harry , arrives and tries to convince Quaid that he is in a Rekall-induced dream and that killing Melina is the only way to wake up. Quaid is conflicted, but decides to not kill Melina and shoots Harry instead. Quaid/Hauser and Melina travel to meet with Mathias. While Mathias searches the memories of Quaid/Hauser, SWAT teams led by Lori and Cohaagen burst in. Quaid/Hauser, Melina and Mathias are captured. Cohaagen informs Mathias that Hauser was secretly working for him without even knowing it  and that the code was a fake to lure Mathias out of hiding. Cohaagen guns down Mathias and orders Hauser\'s mind be restored as he leaves with Lori and Melina  for the Fall to launch his invasion of the Colony. Posing as a SWAT team member, the mysterious Hammond helps Quaid escape, but Hammond is killed in the process. Quaid arrives at the Fall and manages to sneak aboard. He installs timed explosives within the Fall as he searches for Melina. After finding and freeing her, Quaid and Melina manage to exit the Fall as it arrives at the Colony. As Quaid and Melina fight with the soldiers and Cohaagen himself atop the Fall, Quaid\'s explosives detonate, and Quaid and Melina escape the Fall as it plummets beneath the surface with Cohaagen and his army still on board. Waking up in an ambulance, Quaid is greeted by Melina. However, he notices the absence of a scar on her hand and realizes it is Lori in disguise. They fight, and Quaid kills Lori. Quaid and Melina are reunited and embrace while an advertisement for Rekall plays in the background.'] ['In a seedy basement, Porter  lies severely wounded with two gunshot wounds in his back. A whiskey drinking surgeon removes the bullets and Porter spends months healing. He then begins tracking down Val Resnick , his former partner, and Lynn , his ex-wife, both of whom betrayed Porter and left him for dead following a $140,000 heist from the Chinese triads. After leaving Porter for dead, Val rejoined the Outfit, a powerful criminal organization, using $130,000 of the heist money to repay an outstanding debt. Porter is intent on reclaiming his $70,000 cut and gets himself a gun by pawning watches. Porter enlists the help of a call girl, Rosie , who is affiliated with the Outfit. Porter once served as her driver, during which time they developed a romantic friendship, which ultimately was the reason behind Porter\'s wife conspiring against him. To get his money, Porter is forced to deal not only with Resnick but with a lowlife named Stegman , with crime bosses from the Outfit, with the Chinese triads and with corrupt police detectives Hicks and Leary (Bill Duke and [[Jack Conley . He first finds Val and kills him with a revolver in Rosie\'s apartment. He then kills three of the Outfit\'s hit squad henchmen, including leader, Philip ([[John Glover , who have been sent by Outfit boss, Carter  to "Stitch this mutt up." Following several unsuccessful attempts to reclaim his $70,000, Porter shoots Carter. With the aid of Rosie, he kidnaps Johnny, the son of Bronson , the Outfit\'s head, and arranges for Hicks and Leary to be busted by their own colleagues in Internal Affairs by planting Leary\'s finger prints on the gun Porter used to kill Resnick, pick pocketing Hick\'s badge, then leaving both in the vicinity of Resnick\'s dead body. The mob\'s top figures, Bronson and Fairfax , join the hunt to take him down. Porter is captured by the Outfit after a wild chain of events involving the triads. After being tortured by having his toes smashed with a hammer, Porter lures Bronson and his men to an apartment that had previously been rigged by the Outfit\'s men to a phone connected to plastic explosive. After they meet an explosive demise, Porter and Rosie  drive off to Canada to begin a new life.'] ["Nanami Hoshino, a wealthy entrepreneur, marries Korean potter Kim Jun-ho, and they both live a seemingly happy life. Then, one year after their marriage, Nanami is killed by a biker on her way home. This tragedy leaves Jun-ho completely devastated. At the hospital, Nanami's ghost arises from her body, and upon meeting a ghost child, she realizes that she is a ghost whose presence cannot be seen. She then realizes that her death was no coincidence and Jun-ho is in imminent danger. Unable to communicate with normal humans, Nanami seeks help from the elderly psychic Unten in hopes of saving Jun-ho's life."] ["{{plot}} Jared  and Sam  are two lovers, living a rustic life in in the Bahamas. When Jared loses his job and friend Bryce  comes for a visit, the opportunity to realize his dream arrives. Bryce, a lawyer from New York City, and his girlfriend of the week Amanda , acquired the use of a luxury vacation house and boat. Both couples take a boat trip and do some snorkeling. As they investigate the area, they come across the remains of a crashed plane containing a large quantity of cocaine. They decide not to report the crashed plane and its cargo until they have secured their claim on the sunken ship. Jared and Bryce go to a local boat supplier. However, Jared soon finds out that Bryce, on a trip to Las Vegas, borrowed money from a loan shark. Without Jared's knowledge, Bryce and Amanda plan to retrieve some of the cocaine and sell it to local dealer/night club owner, Primo . Primo turns out to be an associate of drug lord Reyes  to whom the cocaine belongs. Reyes threatens Jared, Amanda and Bryce at gunpoint. Jared is forced to retrieve the cocaine with equipment provided by Reyes. The trio breaks the bad news to Sam. He tries to convince her that it's a one-time thing, but Sam leaves him, saying that 'they' are over. Jared, Bryce, and Amanda head to sea that night after securing the gear. Before retrieving the cocaine, they decide to take advantage of the situation to uncover the site of the Zephyr. With the blower equipment, Jared is finally able to confirm the ship's identity. Amanda is attacked by a tiger shark. She dies later in hospital. Hearing of the tragedy, Sam goes to the hospital and she and Jared are reunited. While driving back from the hospital, the threesome are confronted by Primo. A short, but intense car chase ends up with Jared leaving their truck. He surrenders to Primo and tries to get them to back off. Primo still takes him to Reyes' boat. The boat looks deserted, so Primo tells Jared to lie down on the floor of the state room. After some time, Jared goes to explore. He finds Primo, Reyes and several others shot dead in one the bedrooms. Out from the toilet emerges Bates , a local salvager and former employer of Jared's. Jared bolts from the boat and heads for shore. Meanwhile, Sam insists on informing the police, and Bryce drops her off at her friend's home, a local cop named Roy . He takes off to meet Jared without waiting for Sam. Roy comforts Sam and tells her he knows a guy who can help. Roy betrays Sam and takes her to Bates, who captures her. Jared and Bryce meet up and Jared calls the captive Sam, who is handcuffed and gagged with duct tape. Bates answers her cell phone and tells Jared he will let her go immediately if Jared discloses the location of the cocaine to him. Jared refuses and insists that they meet to settle the situation once and for all. Jared is taken aboard Bates' boat and shown the scene. The Sea Robin heads for the location where Jared directs them, but as they approach the area, they see a white substance floating on the surface. Jared tells Bates that it's half of the cocaine, ruined, and that he is about to destroy the rest. Jared jumps into the water with his hands still tied behind his back. Bates and his men change into scuba gear to go after him. Below the surface, in the plane, the divers look for Jared, who is assumed to be able to breathe to stay alive as there is trapped air in the plane. Bryce has switched places with one of the dead pilots and mount a surprise attack. An underwater struggle follows, killing all of Bates' men and wounding Bryce. Sam frees herself with a forgotten machete, which brings one of Bates' men down into the engine room, where she locks him in. She then goes up to the bridge to call for help. The man escapes from the engine room; a chase around the boat ends in a struggle and they fall into the water. The man, wounded by Sam with a boat hook, is attacked by a tiger shark. Below, Jared and Bates are the only ones left. Jared uses an air tank as a missile by hammering off the valve. It misses Bates, but hits the fuel tank at the back of the plane, causing the entire plane to explode, killing Bates and destroying the rest of the cocaine. Sam jumps into the water, fearing for Jared's life. This segues into a scene six weeks later, where the trio are shown to have survived and are salvaging the Zephyr. An attempt to bring a cannon up fails when the rope snaps and it sinks to the bottom. It’s a blessing in disguise as the cannon's hard landing exposes hidden gold bars. Sam and Jared are about to call it a night, but Bryce sees something in the water, and dives in on a hunch. As the scene of the boat pulls back, we hear Bryce shout that he has found the gold of Zephyr, bestowing untold wealth on the three friends."] ['In New York City, Jess Robin , whose real name is Yussel Rabinovitch, is a young Jewish cantor performing at the synagogue of his imperious father Cantor Rabinovitch . Yussel is married to his childhood sweetheart, Rivka , and has settled down to a life of religious devotion to the teaching of his faith. But on the side, he writes songs for a black singing group, and when a member of the quartet gets in trouble with the law, Yussel covers for him at one of their gigs by wearing blackface. The nightclub engagement is a success, but a patron at the nightclub  notices that Yussel\'s hands are not black and incites a riot. A fight ensues and the band is arrested. Cantor comes to the jail to bail them out, but finds there is not a Yussel Rabinovitch there, only a Jess Robin. His son explains it is just a stage name he uses when performing. Cantor informs him that his singing voice was to be used for God\'s purposes, not his own. Yussel/Jess decides to relent and do whatever his father wants...at least for now. Yussel\'s best friend, a member of the "Four Brothers" singing group, Bubba , informs him that the band got a gig in Los Angeles performing backup vocals for Keith Lennox . Shortly after Bubba leaves, Yussel begins composing a song that would eventually become "Love on the Rocks". Rivka notices him writing the song in his free time and senses that Yussel yearns for a bigger stage for his voice, but her values keep her grounded to the home life they have built together. Bubba calls from Los Angeles to inform him that Keith Lennox really loved "Love on the Rocks" and wants to record it, but they need Yussel to come out for a week to oversee the recording session. This is the opportunity he has been waiting for, but Yussel\'s wife and father are opposed to him going. At a party at their synagogue, his father relents and lets him go. In his professional identity as "Jess", he is met in L.A. by music agent Molly Bell . She takes him to the studio where Keith Lennox is recording, and Jess is shocked to find out that his ballad is being recorded as a hard rock song. During a break in recording, Jess asks the producer and Lennox if he can perform the song as intended. They allow him to do so and while recording, Molly realizes that Jess\' performance is the proper way. Lennox is not so easily swayed and fires the group . Molly gets a tip from a friend as to where booking agent Eddie Gibbs  is having lunch. She asserts herself in his car as a mugger  and makes him listen to a recording of Jess\' "Love on the Rocks". When Eddie asks who it is, Molly tells him that it is the new opening act for comedian Zany Gray\'s  new television special. Gibbs is not amused. He says he can\'t book anyone sight unseen and promptly throws Molly out of his car. However, she persuades Eddie to come to a club where Jess has managed to get a gig, thanks to Bubba who was working there as a waiter. Eddie watches for only a few moments and leaves. Jess thinks he has a blown it. Molly tells him, "He hates loud music...you he loved. You open for Zany Gray next week." Meanwhile, back in New York City, Cantor Rabinovich confronts Rivka about Jess going to California and reminds her that her place is by her husband\'s side. If she travels to California maybe she can bring him home. She relents and goes. On Jess\' opening night, he begins with a small harmonica intro and is heckled by someone in the crowd  but he endures and performs "Summer Love". The audience applauds and Jess decides to perform a song everyone can get in on, "Hey Louise". Rivka shows up and meets Molly. Rivka tries to explain that their Jewish values are so tightly adhered to that Jess cannot possibly stay. She also senses Molly\'s attraction to her husband. Molly tells Rivka that she is not the problem, but the audience is. Jess ends his set and is given a standing ovation. He heads backstage and is reunited with Rivka. Molly makes herself scarce. At the aftershow party in Jess\' dressing room, Jess is given a recording contract. However, he and Rivka have an argument outside his dressing room where his wife warns him it\'s either her or his new life. He tries to convince her to stay, but Rivka feels she has lost him forever and runs off. Jess finds he has developed feelings for Molly. A montage ensues that shows their relationship developing, including a scene where Molly makes Jess a nice ham dinner, completely forgetting that he is Jewish and doesn\'t eat pork products. The two make love and he writes "Hello Again" for her. His father comes to see Jess where he is living with Molly in Venice, California to get Jess his son to come back to New York where he belongs. Jess tells him he and Rivka will be divorced. They are interrupted when Molly enters and Jess introduces her. Anguished, his father then performs keriah  and says, "I have no son." Molly asks Jess why his father tore his clothing and Jess explains that the act is one of mourning someone who has just died. When Molly asks "Who\'s dead?", Jess replies, "I am." In the recording studio, Jess along with Bubba and the Four Brothers are cutting the song "Jerusalem". Jess is distracted by the incident with his father and takes his anger out on the band. During a break, Bubba finds out from Molly she is pregnant. He warns her not to tell Jess right now. The recording session goes from bad to worse. Jess gets so upset, he leaves the studio and drives off in anger. Bubba tries to follow but Molly tells him to just let Jess work things out on his own. Jess keeps driving until his car runs out of fuel. He hitchhikes and winds up spending the next several months on the road. He ends up at a small country bar, where he is hired to sing. Bubba tracks him down and tells Jess of the birth of his son, Charlie Parker  Rabinovitch. Jess returns to Venice Beach and to Molly. Hoping to revive Jess\'s career, Molly again sneaks into Eddie\'s car. He is not easily swayed, even though Jess\'s debut album did go gold and "probably paid for this car", Molly reminds him. Eddie gives in and allows Jess to perform one number at "Zany Gray\'s Autumn in New York" concert. In New York City at the rehearsals, Jess is met by a friend of his father\'s, Leo , who explains that the doctors won\'t let Cantor Rabinovitch sing the Kol Nidre on Yom Kippur due to his high blood pressure. He asks if Yussel could come to the service to be cantor and hopes that it will breach the distance between father and son. Jess initially says no, but is convinced by Molly that he should. On Yom Kippur, a time for atonement, Jess steps in aside the synagogue cantor to sing the Kol Nidre. His father looks up in shock. After the service, Jess confronts his father and shows him a picture of his grandson. With that, Cantor Rabinovitch forgives his son and the two embrace. At the concert, Jess opens the show with "America" accompanied by a full orchestra. He basks in the glow of a standing ovation he receives - including from Cantor, who is sitting next to Molly. This latest version changes the ending considerably by letting Olivier\'s character live rather than die of a broken heart, and allowing a genuine face-to-face reconciliation between Jess and his father.'] ["Maggie Hayward  is a drug addict found guilty of murdering a police officer, and is sentenced to death by lethal injection. Her death is faked, and a secret government agent named Bob  informs her that she is to become an operative. Maggie, having little choice, agrees to cooperate and she begins a regimen of intensive training that includes etiquette and computer use. Operative Amanda  transforms her into a refined, beautiful woman. She is taken on a dinner date with Bob, who informs her about the first job: an assassination of a VIP eating at the same restaurant. Maggie completes the task, and escapes pursuit by the man's bodyguards, by fleeing down a laundry chute. This task was her final test, and she has now completed her training. The following morning she leaves for Venice, California, where she enters into a romantic relationship with apartment house manager J.P. . While her first assignments, both hit jobs, are ultimately successful, Maggie quickly comes to hate her work and tries to quit her job as a professional killer. As things progress between her and J.P., she asks for help in leaving the agency. Her request is denied, but Bob agrees to get her out of the agency if she completes the next task. The new job is to masquerade as Angela , the girlfriend of Fahd Bakhtiar , an Iranian trading in nuclear weapons. Taking out Angela proves problematic and results in the deaths of Angela's two bodyguards and the injury of Maggie's partner, Beth . Director Kaufman then sends in Victor, a 'cleaner'  to get rid of the bodies and salvage the mission. Unknown to Maggie, he has also been ordered to kill both agents as well because one failure results in death. After killing the wounded Beth in front of Maggie, he drives her to Fahd's home. At gunpoint she gets Fahd to unlock his computer and reveal his secrets, but he avoids execution and she is forced to flee. As they purportedly drive back to her residence, Maggie sees a gun in Victor's waistband and correctly suspects he's going to kill her. This leads to a struggle and the car spins out of control. Finally, Victor is dragged over a ravine and killed. Maggie makes her way back to her apartment, but leaves sometime during the night. Bob subsequently learns of her disappearance from J.P. As Bob is leaving, he sees Maggie watching him through the mist. Instead of reporting her, he calls Kaufman and informs him, after some hesitation, that the cleaner and Maggie are both dead."] ['In the town of Ogden Marsh, Iowa, David , the local sheriff enjoys a baseball game. His deputy, Russell Clank ([[Joe Anderson , spots Rory Hamill, a local resident, entering the outfield holding a shotgun, presumably drunk. David is forced to shoot and kill the unresponsive Rory. David and his wife Judy , the community doctor, begin to notice other town residents exhibiting bizarre behavior, including listlessness and repetitive speech. The next night, a local farmer burns his house down with his wife and son trapped inside, killing them. While investigating the discovery of a pilot\'s body in a swamp, David and Russell discover a military aircraft submerged under the water, which David realizes has contaminated the drinking water and caused the town residents odd behavior. Against the mayor\'s direct orders, he shuts off the town\'s water supply. Soon after, communication services are lost in town, and soldiers arrive to take all residents to quarantine at the high school. Everyone is examined for symptoms of infection. Judy does not pass the examination and is separated from David. She explains her fever is due to pregnancy, but is sedated anyway. She wakes strapped to a gurney as the perimeter of the facility is breached by the infected townspeople in an effort to escape. The military personnel evacuate, abandoning Judy and the other civilians. David is nearing evacuation, but escapes and rejoins Russell. They rescue Judy and her hospital assistant, Becca . David, Judy, Russell, and Becca make their way out of town on foot, unable to find a working vehicle. They encounter Becca\'s boyfriend, Scotty, when they pass through his farm. Soldiers raid the farm, shoot Scotty and his mother, and burn the bodies. They learn that the soldiers have been ordered to shoot all civilians who have potentially been exposed. The group repair a patrol car, and, once on the road, are spotted by an attack helicopter and drive into a car wash for cover. The infected attack and kill Becca, and the helicopter destroys the car. On foot, Russell disables a passing government SUV with a police spike strip. The driver, presumably a government agent, reveals the cargo plane contained "Trixie," a "Rhabdoviridae prototype" biological weapon. Enraged, Russell shoots the driver and threatens Judy and David. When confronted about his behavior, Russell realizes he is infected and, after being disarmed, begs to go on with Judy and David. He later dies while distracting soldiers at a blockade, so that Judy and David can sneak past. David and Judy arrive at a truck stop to search for a vehicle, discovering the military also executed those who were evacuated. Fending off the infected, they escape in a semi-truck. Ogden Marsh is destroyed in a massive explosion as they flee, and their truck flips in the passing shockwave. As the couple walk towards Cedar Rapids, a view from a military satellite highlights first the couple, then the city, and the words "Initiate containment protocol" appear, signifying a new containment attempt. In the credits, Bruce Aune, a real newscaster from KCRG-TV 9 in Cedar Rapids, Iowa reports that an explosion originating from the Dakon Pendrill chemical plant started a massive fire in Ogden Marsh. He says a perimeter has been set and civilians are not being allowed into the area.'] ['The Egyptian Pharaoh has ordered the death of all firstborn Hebrew males, but a Hebrew woman  sets her infant son adrift on the Nile in order to save him. The infant is rescued from the Nile by an Egyptian princess  who decides to adopt the boy even though her servant  recognizes that the child is Hebrew and protests. As a young man, Moses becomes a successful general, claiming victory in a war with the Nubians of Ethiopia and then entering Egypt into an alliance with them. Moses loves Nefretiri, who is the "throne princess" and must marry the next Pharaoh. An incident occurs when an elderly woman, who is greasing the ground for the pillar of stone to move easier, is almost crushed to death when her scarf gets caught under the slap of stone, prompting Moses to scold Baka. Moses frees the elderly woman from her dangerous chore. Little did Moses know that the elderly woman was his natural mother Yoshebel. While working on the building of a treasure city for Seti\'s Jubilee, Moses meets the stonecutter Joshua, who tells him of the Hebrew God. Moses institutes numerous reforms concerning the treatment of the slaves on the project, and eventually Rameses charges Moses with planning an insurrection, pointing out that the slaves are calling Moses the "Deliverer" of prophecy. Moses defends himself against the charges, arguing that he is simply making his workers more productive by making them stronger and happier and proves his point with the impressive progress he is making. During this time, Rameses has been charged by his father with finding out whether there really is a Hebrew fitting the description of the Deliverer.  Nefretiri learns from the servant Memnet that Moses is the son of Hebrew slaves. Nefretiri kills Memnet and reveals the story to Moses, who goes to Bithiah to learn the truth. Bithiah evades his questions, but Moses follows her to the home of Yoshebel and thus learns the truth. Moses spends time working amongst the slaves to learn more of their lives. During this time the master builder Baka steals Liliah, who is engaged to the stonecutter Joshua. Joshua rescues Liliah but is captured himself; Moses frees Joshua but strangles Baka. Moses confesses to Joshua that he too is Hebrew; the confession is witnessed by the ambitious Hebrew overseer Dathan. Dathan uses the information to bargain with Rameses for Baka\'s house, a post as Governor of Goshen, and the ownership of the slave Liliah. Based on Dathan\'s information, Moses is arrested and brought before Seti. Moses tells Seti that he is not the Deliverer, but would free the slaves if he could. Bithiah tells her brother Seti the truth about Moses, and Seti orders his name stricken from all records and monuments. Moses is banished to the desert, but not before, he receives the word that Yoshebel had died before she delivered the piece of a Levite cloth, and Rameses is declared the next Pharaoh.  Moses makes his way across the desert, nearly dying of hunger and thirst before he comes to a well in the land of Midian. At the well, he defends seven sisters from Amalekites who try to push them away from the water. Moses finds a home in Midian with the girls\' father Jethro, a Bedouin sheik, who reveals that he is a follower of "He who has no name," whom Moses recognizes as the God of Abraham. Moses impresses Jethro and the other sheiks with his wise and just trading, and marries Jethro\'s eldest daughter . While herding sheep in the desert Moses finds Joshua, who has escaped from the copper mines that he was sent to after the death of Baka. Moses sees the Burning Bush on the summit of Mount Sinai and hears the voice of God . God charges Moses to return to Egypt and free His chosen people. In Egypt, Seti dies and Rameses succeeds him as Pharaoh. At Pharaoh\'s court, Moses comes before Rameses to win the slaves\' freedom, turning his staff into a snake to show Rameses the power of God. Rameses decrees that the Hebrews be given no straw to make their bricks, but to make the same tally as before on pain of death. As the Hebrews prepare to stone Moses in anger, Nefretiri\'s retinue rescues him; however when she attempts to resume their relationship he spurns her, reminding her that not only is he on a mission he is also married. As Moses continues to challenge Pharaoh\'s hold over his people, Egypt is beset by divine plagues. Moses warns him that the next plague to fall upon Egypt will be summoned by Pharaoh himself. Enraged at the plagues and Moses\' continuous demands, as well as his generals and advisers telling him to give in, Rameses orders all first-born Hebrews to die. Nefretiri warns Sephora to escape with her son  on a passing caravan to Midian, and Moses tells the Queen that it is her own son who will die. In an eerily quiet scene, the Angel of Death creeps into Egyptian streets in a glowing green cloud, killing all the firstborn of Egypt, including the adult son of Pharaoh\'s top general, and Pharaoh\'s own child. The Hebrews who have marked their doorposts and lintels with lamb\'s blood are eating a hasty meal and preparing to depart. Broken and despondent, Pharaoh orders Moses to take his people, and cattle, and go. The Hebrews begin their exodus from Egypt. Nefretiri goads Pharaoh into a rage so that he arms himself and pursues the former slaves to the shore of the Red Sea. Held back by a pillar of fire, the Egyptian forces watch as Moses parts the waters. As the Hebrews race over the seabed, the pillar of fire dies down and the army rides in hot pursuit. The Hebrews make it to the far shore as the waters close on the Egyptian army, drowning every man and horse. Rameses looks on in despair. All he can do is return to Nefretiri, confessing to her, "His god is God." The former slaves camp at the foot of Sinai and wait as Moses again ascends the mountain. During his absence, the Hebrews lose faith and, urged on by the evil Dathan, build a golden calf as an idol to bear before them back to Egypt, hoping to win Rameses\' forgiveness. They force Aaron to help fashion the gold plating. The people indulge their most wanton desires in an orgy of sinfulness.  High atop the mountain, Moses witnesses God\'s creation of the stone tablets containing the Ten Commandments. When he finally climbs down, Moses beholds his people\'s iniquity and hurls the tablets at the idol in a rage. The idol explodes, and Dathan and his followers are killed. After God forces them to endure forty years\' exile in the desert wandering lost, to kill off the rebellious generation, the Hebrews are about to arrive in the land of Canaan. An elderly Moses, who, however, is not allowed to enter the promised land, because he disobeyed the lord at the waters of strife, not shown in the film, then appoints Joshua to succeed him as leader, says a final good bye to Sephora, and goes forth to his destiny.'] ['In the 1970s, Fred Wilson , an executive of the Petrox Oil Company, forms an expedition based on infrared imagery which reveals a previously undiscovered Indian Ocean island hidden by a permanent cloud bank. Wilson believes the island has a huge deposit of oil. Jack Prescott , a primate paleontologist, sneaks onto the expedition\'s vessel and attempts to warn the team against traveling to the island, citing an ominous final message about "the roar of the greatest beast" from previous doomed explorers. Wilson orders Prescott locked up, claiming that he is really a spy from a rival corporation. The ship happens upon a life raft which carries the beautiful and unconscious Dwan . In the meantime, Wilson conducts a thorough background check on Prescott and realizes he is telling the truth about not being involved with another oil company. He appoints Prescott the expedition\'s "official photographer" and requests that he be present when Dwan revives. Upon waking, Dwan tells Prescott that she is an aspiring actress who was aboard a director\'s yacht which suddenly exploded. During the rest of the ship\'s voyage, Prescott and Dwan become attracted to each other. Upon arriving at the island, the team discovers a primitive tribe of natives who live within the confines of a gigantic wall, built to protect them from a mysterious god known as Kong. The team finds that while there is a large deposit of oil, it is of such low quality that it is unusable. Later that night, the natives kidnap Dwan, drug her, and offer her as a sacrifice to Kong. A monumental ape grabs Dwan from the altar and departs back into the jungle. Although an awesome and terrifying sight, the soft-hearted Kong quickly becomes tamed by Dwan, whose rambling monologue calms and fascinates the monstrous beast. Kong takes Dwan back to a waterfall. He washes her, and uses great gusts of his warm breath to dry her. In the meantime, Prescott, and First Mate Carnahan  lead a rescue mission to save Dwan. The rescue party encounters Kong while crossing a log bridge, and Kong rolls the huge log, sending Carnahan and the rest of the sailors falling to their deaths. Prescott and Boan are the only ones to survive. Kong takes Dwan to his lair. A giant snake appears and attacks the pair, and while Kong dispatches the snake, Prescott escapes with Dwan. Kong chases the pair back to the native village, only to fall into a pit trap and be overcome with chloroform. Without any of the promised new oil, Wilson decides to transport Kong to America as a promotional gimmick for his company. When they finally reach New York City, Kong is put on display in a beauty and the beast farce, bound in chains with a large crown on his head. When Kong sees a group of reporters pushing and shoving Dwan for interviews, the ape breaks free of his bonds. The giant roars at the crowd and everyone screams and begins running away in a panic. The little people can\'t escape fast enough as Kong starts walking through the crowd. With each step, his foot flattens several \'lucky contest winners\'. Wilson gets knocked down by the crowd and finds himself laying at Kongs feet. Kong roars and raises his giant foot over the helpless little man and as Wilson screams, we see Kongs foot come down completely flat, crushing Wilson like a bug. The ape also destroys an elevated train in his search for Dwan. Prescott and Dwan flee across the Queensboro Bridge to Manhattan while Kong pursues them. They take refuge in an abandoned Manhattan bar. Prescott notices a similarity between the Manhattan skyline  and the mountainous terrain of Kong\'s island. He runs downstairs to call the military and tells them to let Kong climb to the top of the World Trade Center where he can be safely captured. Meanwhile, Kong discovers Dwan through the window of the bar and grabs her. He then begins to make his way to the World Trade Center, with Jack and the military in hot pursuit. In the climax, Kong climbs the South Tower of the World Trade Center.Kong climbed the Empire State Building in the 1933 film. The World Trade Center, completed in 1972, had replaced the Empire State Building as New York\'s tallest building. After being attacked by men with flamethrowers while standing on the roof, Kong flees by leaping across to the North Tower. He rips pieces of equipment from the roof and throws them at the men. One of the objects, a tank filled with flammable material, explodes, killing the men. Later, Kong is shot repeatedly by military helicopters while Dwan pleads for them to stop. The fatally injured Kong falls from the roof to the World Trade Center plaza, where he dies from his injuries. An enormous crowd gathers around the ape while Dwan is bombarded by a sea of photographers. The crowd is so large that Dwan can\'t even get close to Jack. She stands still and is photographed relentlessly by reporters while Kong lies dead in a pool of blood and broken concrete.'] [" Kris Fowles  goes to the Springwood Diner to meet with her boyfriend, Dean Russell , who falls asleep at the table and meets a man covered in burn scars, wearing a red and green sweater, a fedora and a clawed glove on his hand. The burned man cuts Dean's throat in the dream, but in reality it appears that Dean is cutting his own throat as his friend, waitress Nancy Holbrook , looks on with Kris. At Dean's funeral, Kris sees a photograph of her and Dean as children, but cannot recall ever knowing Dean before high school. Kris begins to dream about the burned man herself and refuses to go to sleep for fear that she will die in her dreams. Jesse Braun ([[Thomas Dekker , Kris's ex-boyfriend, shows up at her house to keep her company while she sleeps, but Kris meets the burned man in her dreams and is murdered. Covered in blood, Jesse runs to Nancy's house to try to explain what happened and he learns that Nancy has been having dreams about the same man: Freddy Krueger . Jesse is apprehended by the police under suspicion of murdering Kris, and is killed by Krueger when he falls asleep in his jail cell. With her friends dying, Nancy begins to question what everyone's connection is to each other, given that none of them can remember each other before their teenage years. Eventually, Nancy and her friend Quentin Smith  discover that all of them attended the same preschool together. Nancy's mother, Gwen , reluctantly tells Nancy and Quentin that there was a gardener at the preschool, Fred Krueger, who abused Nancy and the rest of the kids. Gwen explains that Nancy was his favorite, and that she came home one day telling her mother about a hidden space in Krueger's room and the things he did to her there. Gwen claims Krueger skipped town before he was arrested. Nancy does not believe her and attempts to track down the remaining kids from the school. Nancy eventually discovers that all of the other kids have been killed, most of them in their sleep. Meanwhile, Quentin tries to accept that his nightmares are nothing more than repressed memories, but he falls asleep during swim practice and witnesses what really happened to Krueger. Quentin sees everyone's parents hunt down Krueger, and then burn him alive. Quentin and Nancy confront Quentin's father, Alan Smith , about murdering Krueger with no evidence that he had committed any crime. Thus, Nancy and Quentin believe that Krueger wants revenge on them for lying as children. As a result of their insomnia, Nancy and Quentin begin sporadically dreaming while they are still awake. To try to stop Krueger, they decide to go to the preschool and learn what they can. On the way, Nancy falls asleep and is attacked by Krueger, but when Quentin wakes her up they discover she has pulled a piece of Krueger's sweater out of the dreamworld and into reality. Quentin takes Nancy to the hospital for cuts on her arm; there, he steals some adrenaline and a syringe to help them stay awake. Nancy and Quentin eventually make it to the preschool. Quentin uncovers Krueger's hidden room and the evidence that proves Krueger was in fact abusing all of the children; they realize that Krueger actually wants revenge on them for telling the truth. Nancy decides the only way to end this is to pull Krueger out of their dreams and kill him in reality. Quentin tries to stay awake long enough to pull Nancy out of her dream when she has Krueger, but he falls asleep and is attacked. Krueger then goes after Nancy, and explains that he intentionally left her for last so she would stay awake long enough that, when she finally fell asleep, she would no longer be able to wake up. While Nancy struggles with Krueger, Quentin uses the adrenaline to wake up Nancy who pulls Krueger into reality. With Krueger distracted by Quentin, Nancy uses a broken paper cutter blade to cut Krueger's gloved hand off, and then slice his throat. Afterward, Nancy torches the secret room, with Krueger's body left inside, while she and Quentin leave. Nancy and her mother return home from the hospital; Krueger suddenly appears in a mirror's reflection and kills Nancy's mother before pulling her body through the mirror while Nancy screams."] ['After being released from prison, Danny Ocean  breaks parole and travels to Los Angeles to meet up with his former partner in crime and close friend Rusty Ryan  to propose a scheme he has in mind. The two go to Las Vegas to pitch the plan to wealthy friend and former casino owner Reuben Tishkoff . The plan consists of simultaneously robbing the Bellagio, The Mirage, and the MGM Grand casinos. Reuben\'s familiarity with casino security makes him very reluctant to get involved, but when he begins to think of it as a good way to get back at his rival, Terry Benedict , who owns all three casinos, Reuben agrees to finance the operation. Because the casinos are required by the Nevada Gaming Commission to have enough cash on hand to cover all their patrons\' bets, the three predict that, on the upcoming night of a highly anticipated boxing match, the Bellagio vault will contain more than $150&nbsp;million. Ocean and Ryan recruit eight former colleagues and criminal specialists: Linus Caldwell , a young and talented pick-pocket thief; Frank Catton , a casino worker and con man; Virgil and Turk Malloy , a pair of gifted mechanics; Livingston Dell  an electronics and surveillance expert; Basher Tarr , an explosives expert; Saul Bloom , an elderly con man; and "The Amazing" Yen , an accomplished acrobat. Several of the team members carry out reconnaissance at the Bellagio to learn as much as possible about the security, the routines and behaviors of the casino staff, and the building itself. Others create a precise replica of the vault with which to practice maneuvering through its formidable security systems. During this planning phase, the team discovers that Ocean\'s ex-wife, Tess , is Benedict\'s girlfriend. Ryan urges Ocean to give up on the plan, believing Ocean incapable of sound judgement while Tess is involved, but Ocean refuses. When the plan is put in motion, Ocean goes to the Bellagio in order to be seen by Benedict, who, as expected, has him locked in a storeroom to be beaten by a bouncer called Bruiser. Bruiser, however, is a friend of Ocean\'s, and he allows Ocean to leave through a ventilation shaft, to meet with his team in the vault. Linus Caldwell poses as a gaming commission agent, and reveals to Benedict that one of his employees, Ramon Escalante, is actually Frank Catton, an ex-con. Caldwell and Catton stage a faux confrontation in Benedict\'s presence so that Linus can steal the vault access codes written on a piece of paper in Benedict\'s jacket. Yen is smuggled into the vault by the Malloy brothers to assist in triggering the explosive from the inside. Saul Bloom sneaks explosives into the casino vault by posing as a wealthy international arms dealer who needs especially secure safekeeping for his valuables, and then stages a heart attack that is treated by Ryan posing as a doctor. The team activates a stolen "pinch" device to temporarily disrupt the casino\'s electrical power, allowing them to breach the vault undetected. As Benedict attempts to restore order following the power outage, Ryan anonymously calls him on a cell phone that Ocean had earlier planted in Tess\'s coat. Ryan tells him that the vaults are being raided, and that all the money will be destroyed if Benedict does not cooperate in loading half the money into a van waiting outside. Benedict observes video footage of the vault that confirms Ryan\'s claims, and complies in moving the money, but orders his men to follow the van after it departs, and calls a S.W.A.T. team to secure the vault and the other half of the money. The S.W.A.T. team\'s arrival results in a shootout which causes the incineration of the half of the money left in the vault. After assuring Benedict that the casino is secure, the officers depart at Benedict\'s insistence. Benedict\'s men following the van discover that it is being driven by remote control, and that, instead of money, it contains duffel bags full of flyers advertising prostitutes. Benedict realizes that the vault video feed he\'d been watching was faked, as the vault floor in the footage lacked the Bellagio logo, which had only recently been installed. A flashback reveals that Ocean had used the vault replica to create the fake video Benedict had seen; the rest of the team posed as S.W.A.T. officers, and took all of the money in the vault when responding to Benedict\'s call for police assistance. Benedict then returns to the room where he left Ocean and finds him still there, apparently still being worked over by Bruiser, leaving him with no way to connect Ocean to the theft. As Tess watches via security surveillance, Ocean tricks Benedict into saying he would give up Tess in exchange for the money. Ocean then says, "Alright. I know a guy. We were in the joint together. Anybody pulls a job in the western US, he knows about it. Give me 72 hours. I\'ll find out who took your money". Benedict, humiliated, orders his men to escort Ocean off the premises and inform the police that Ocean is violating his parole by being in Las Vegas. Tess leaves Benedict, and exits the hotel just in time to see Ocean arrested. When he is released after serving \'three to six months\' for his parole violation, he is met by Rusty and Tess, and the three drive off, closely followed by Benedict\'s bodyguards.'] ["Oliver Hardy and Stan Laurel are vagabonds being chased by the police. They hide in the cellar of the mansion of a Quatermain-esque adventurer, Col. Buckshot ([[James Finlayson , who departs for a safari in South Africa. The mansion is to be rented out until his return, but the staff sneak off for a holiday, leaving the house empty. The boys are surrounded by police and have to deceive a honeymooning couple wanting to rent the house. Oliver disguises himself as Buckshot and Stan disguises himself as both butler and chambermaid. During a girl-talk scene with Thelma Todd and Stan , Stan's comments get sillier and sillier. The real Colonel returns, but Stan and Ollie escape dressed as a pantomime wildebeest on a stolen tandem bicycle."] ["Jerome Martinaud, a wealthy, influential attorney in a small French town who falls under suspicion for the rape and murder of two little girls. He is the only suspect, but the evidence against him is circumstantial. As the city celebrates New Year's Eve, the police led by Inspector Antoine Gallien, who is investigating the double rape/murder case, brings the lawyer in for questioning; at first politely, and then less so, as the interrogation team consisting of Inspectors Gallien and Marcel Belmont chips away at the suspect's alibi. They interrogate him for hour after hour while Martinaud continues to maintain his innocence. We learn all about the evidence; we meet Martinaud's wife Chantal who tells Gallien about the rift between them and the origin of it, which may be an eight year old girl  Martinaud was in love with; but will we, and Gallien, finally learn whether Martinaud is guilty?"] ["Leonard Borland ([[Paul Douglas  lives and works in New York City as a wrecking contractor, married to socialite Doris . Even though&nbsp;– according to her husband&nbsp;– she has no singing talent, Doris considers herself an aspiring opera singer and regularly pressures Leonard to accompany her to operas. Already dismayed by his father-in-law Major Blair's  insistence that Doris takes some singing lessons, Leonard further estranges from Doris when her career takes off. Despite financing her recital and arranging an important critic to watch her performance, Doris shows no gratitude. Meanwhile, successful opera singer Cecil Carver  is complaining about being unable to locate a suitable baritone for her new production, when she and the critic are suddenly rushed to Doris's opera performance. Cecil is not altogether impressed with the newcomer's talent and invites Leonard to her apartment to share her opinion. The two quickly hit it off and share a passionate kiss. Then, she finds out that Leonard, unlike his wife, has a powerful voice, and immediately assigns him to her production under the name 'Logan Bennett'. Doris is too busy training with her mother  and vocal coach to note what her husband is being up to, and believes that he is on the road for his wrecking career. While on tour, Cecil attempts to seduce him, but Leonard, still much in love with Doris, rejects her. Back in New York, Leonard learns that Doris is now under medical care for shock treatment, caused by a disastrous booking at a movie palace. Even though she decides to terminate her music career, she agrees to guest a cocktail party for celebrities. Noticing Leonard's uncomfortable reaction to Cecil's presence at the party, Doris realizes that she might be her husband's mistress. Cecil is disappointed that Leonard pretends not to know her, and assures Doris that she is not attracted to him whatsoever, and only knows him through the opera. The audience, dumbfounded by the revelation that Leonard is an opera singer, demand for him to perform at the party. Humiliated by his betrayal, Doris orders Leonard to leave her. A few days later, Leonard resides penniless in a hotel and finds out that Doris currently lives in Palm Beach. Pressured due to financial troubles, Leonard accepts a steady opera job. At his debut, attended by Doris and her parents, he is surprised by sudden stage fright. An irritated Cecil and her assistant give him some pills and a potion, causing him to feel sick, and fall from the stage for the entire audience to witness. Much to the audience's amusement, he misses his cue and screws up the entire production. He ends his embarrassing performance by falling into the orchestra pit, prompting a livid Cecil to order him to leave. Doris, feeling for her estranged husband, rushes backstage to reconcile with him. Returning home, they find out that Leonard is offered a lucrative wrecking contract."] ['Detroit, Michigan 1968, A nightclub MC named Red  introduces a local singer Black  who performs his song "I\'m a Man". While Black performs Stix  an aspiring record label executive is watching in the club, meanwhile 19 year old Sparkle Anderson  talks with her eldest sister, 28 year old Tammy "Sister" Anderson  backstage, making sure she\'s ready to go onstage to perform a song she wrote. After performing Black encounters Sister and Sparkle backstage, attempting to flirt with Sister, but instead of accepting his advances, teases him by slitting the side of her mini-dress above the thigh, before walking on stage. Sister, being the sultry and sexy sister, does a solo performance of a song that Sparkle wrote titled "Yes I Do" that grabs all the men\'s attention, while Sparkle looks on proudly from in front of the stage. Stix spots Sister and Sparkle, and wants to talk to them, as they\'re rushing out, but she and Sister leave the club and rush home. As Sister and Sparkle arrive home, their middle sister 24 year old Delores/Dee  opens the door and they sneak upstairs to their room to avoid having their mother hear them come in. Emma , the girls\' mother, walks into the girls\' room and notices Sparkle, Sister and Dee in bed together pretending to be sleep, but Emma being the wise and clever mother she is, sees right through it, and demands that Sister and Sparkle prepare for bed and be ready for church in the morning. The next morning while at church Stix along with his older cousin Levi  spot Sister, Dee, and Sparkle sitting in the choir. Levi tells Stix that Sister, Dee, and Sparkle are siblings with equal musical talent, and Stix is interested in meeting Sparkle. After church Stix and Sparkle meet and talk for a while, as Emma notices and looks on disapprovingly. Ms. Waters  Emma\'s long time best friend points out that Emma\'s oldest daughter Sister is almost 30, and due to a bad situation in New York City was forced to move back to Detroit to live with Emma. Later that night Emma hosts a Bible study at her home in which both Levi and Stix are present, however Levi takes the time to make a date with Sister who is uninterested and not participating in her mother\'s Bible study. After Emma and everyone leave the house, Stix secretly stays behind and notices Sparkle playing an original song that she wrote on a piano. Stix tries to encourage Sparkle to sing. A few nights later Stix comes to Sparkle\'s home to take her on a date at a nightclub. On the way home while sitting in front of Sparkle\'s home Stix tries again to encourage Sparkle to pursue a music career and tries to convince her to form a group with her sisters. Sparkle tells Stix that her mother was a former singer, but almost died pursuing her dream. One day after church Stix tries to convince Dee and Sister to form a music group with Sparkle and Sparkle becomes angry feeling that Stix had used her to speak with Dee and Sister about his plan. Dee explains that she will take part in order to make enough money for medical school, then will quit, while Sister is undecided as she will be starting a new job working at a department store. While at Emma\'s boutique, Ms. Waters shows Sparkle old photos of Emma with Sparkle\'s father and photos of Emma with Dee\'s father, explaining how different Emma was when she was with Sparkle and Sister\'s father. Sparkle leaves and goes to a record store where she sees Stix again. The two make up, and arrange a way for Sparkle to convince her big sisters to join in. While on a date, Sister and Levi are having a good evening at a local cafe, and are really starting to feel something for one another. Levi expresses his love to Sister, and hands her a small ring box which only contains a picture of a ring, as Levi promises to one day give Sister a real engagement ring once he could afford it, touching Sister\'s heart. Moments later comedian Satin Struthers  comes into the diner with his entourage, noticing Sister and Levi and begins to insult Levi for not being able to afford a real ring to give Sister. Satin has an immediate attraction to Sistr, and photographs her as she exits the diner with Levi. After receiving her first paycheck from her new job which only amounts to $96, Sister is convinced by Dee and Sparkle that if they enter this local talent show they could win hundreds of dollars, which would finally help Sister move out of Emma\'s home. Levi picks the sisters up, and drive them to the club where Stix is waiting for them, and they watch as another girl group  perform their song, "Running." Sister, at the last minute, changes their practice, and tells her sisters to follow her lead, and together give a show like no other. Sister wows the crowd with her sexually seductive lead performing "Hooked on Your Love". Satin watches Sister perform and is mesmerized as Levi becomes uncomfortable noticing the attention Sister is getting from Satin & other men there. The sisters become a popular act and are invited back to perform at various clubs throughout Detroit. A montage of the sisters performing "Jump" at different clubs is shown. Sister, Sparkle and Dee sit in a dressing room as Stix and Levi come to congratulate them on their performance. Levi and Sister, now a serious couple, Levi hands Sister a bouquet of flowers, telling her how proud he was of her, but Satin soon comes in giving Sister a ring which she eagerly accepts. Levi sees this gesture and becomes enraged and gets into a fight with Satin, but is pulled away by Stix. Afterwards Levi confronts Stix about not sticking up for him during the fight with Satin since they are cousins. Emma invites her minister Reverend Bryce, Ms. Waters, and her daughter Bertha over for dinner after church, but the dinner is interrupted when Sister brings Satin whom she is now engaged to. Satin makes insulting and rude remarks at the dinner and Emma makes her dislike for him known to everyone at the table. In response Sister lashes out at Emma criticizing her for having her as a teen then forcing Sister to raise Sparkle and Dee as Emma was passed out drunk occasionally and trying to pursue a music career. Emma responds that Sister isn\'t telling the whole story, and tells her that if she leaves with Satin she is never to come back. Sister packs her bags and leaves with Satin. Dee, Sparkle and a visibly high Sister rehearse for a performance at Satin and Sister\'s home, until Satin comes into the room and interrupts wanting Dee and Sparkle to leave. The girls are invited to open for Aretha Franklin on a television show, and while Dee and Sparkle get ready, Sister walks in with a black eye and bruises. Sparkle and Dee realize that Satin has been beating Sister, and has gotten her hooked on cocaine causing a fight to break out between the three. Sister then adds her makeup, and gets high telling her sisters: "Sister can\'t fly on one wing." That evening, Sparkle, Sister and Dee perform a stunning, sexy, version of "Something He Can Feel", when Emma happens to wake up at home and catches a glimpse of their performance on television. She becomes both shocked and angry that her girls have been singing outside the church against her wishes. After their performance Stix introduces the girls to Columbia Records executive Larry who offers to sign them as a group. Dee and Sparkle try to get Sister to come home with them and leave Satin, but as they leave Sister spots Satin and goes back to him. At home Emma scolds Sparkle about her trying to pursue a career in the music industry, going as far as throwing a book which Sparkle has written song lyrics in the trash. Emma gives Sparkle an ultimatum that if she wants to continue living with her she must give up pursuing a music career. At a club Satin is performing for his first all-black audience, but his jokes are trite, pandering, and ill received. Levi who is sitting in the audience with a new woman begins to mock him, receiving more laughs from the audience than Satin, prompting an angered and annoyed Satin to attack Levi. Levi sees an obviously high, unhappy Sister walking out of the club and sarcastically tells her she\'s never looked better. Satin and Sister run to Satin\'s car and drive home. At home Satin chases Sister through the home beating her mercilessly. Dee, Sparkle and Sister have a meeting with Columbia Records, Dee and Sparkle arrive and can\'t find Sister, but soon find her in a utility room beaten and looking for a cocaine fix. After hearing rumors that Sister is now an abused junkie, the rumors are confirmed when Stix, Larry and Columbia executives find the sisters in the backroom and notice Sister beaten with a broken cocaine vial on the floor in front of her. Stix tries to get Sparkle to leave with him and get married declaring that they could move to California, and start a new life together. Sparkle however turns down Stix\'s proposal, saying her sisters and mother need her. At Satin and Sister\'s home, Dee and Sparkle try to get Sister to leave and get help for her cocaine problem, but Satin shows up demanding Dee and Sparkle leave. When Dee and Sparkle insist they\'re not leaving without Sister, Satin punches Sparkle. Sister, seeing this, lashes out at Satin attacking him head on, as Dee helps her fight him. Soon all three of the sisters are in a fight with Satin, but Dee strikes Satin in the back of the head with a fire iron as he attempts to hit Sparkle again. Satin falls unconscious, and Dee tries to administer CPR, but the sisters realize Satin is dead. Sister orders Sparkle and Dee to leave the house, and she begins to cry in misery over the mistake of allowing herself to love Satin costing her everything. When the police arrive Sister pleads self-defense, and is arrested and charged with manslaughter taking the full blame for the entire ordeal. As Sister\'s arrest makes newspaper headlines, Saddened Emma leads her church choir in a performance of "His Eye is on the Sparrow". After church Emma arrives home to find Dee packing up to leave. Dee tells Emma that she was accepted to Meharry Medical College, and must leave at that moment in order to start research for scholarships which will pay for her schooling. Dee thanks Emma for her strict rules, and tells her that she loves her. A proud Emma hugs Dee thanking her for giving her the proof that she did a few things right. Sparkle visits Sister in prison, and tells her about Dee getting into medical school, making Sister happy, who assures her that she\'d be getting out in two to three years, and that she was clean now. She asks Sparkle and Stix\'s relationship, in which Sparkle tells her that her and Stix broke up. Sister tells Sparkle not to visit her anymore when she sees Sparkle about to make the mistake as saying she was involved in the crime, and she doesn\'t want Sparkle to be dragged down into Sister\'s tragedy. Soon after Sparkle moves out of Emma\'s home, renting her own apartment. Sparkle also shows up at Columbia Records everyday until she gets a meeting with Larry. She convinces Larry to give her a shot, but she must first put on a musical showcase to seal the deal. Sparkle reaches out to Stix to help her set up her first solo concert. Sparkle goes back to her mother\'s home to invite her to see her show, but Emma seems uninterested, to where Ms. Waters tells her to not make the same mistake again. As Sparkle rehearses for her show Stix gives her a cupcake and a candy ring after Sparkle says her wish is that he propose to her again, properly. Sparkle performs "Look Into Your Heart" with Stix. Emma goes to visit Sister in prison, in which Sister states that Emma appears tired and worn out, and the two have a talk about their relationship. While getting ready in her dressing room Sparkle suffers a nose bleed ruining her dress, but Emma walks in to Sparkle\'s surprise with a new dress Sister suggested her to make for Sparkle to give her confidence. Emma expresses that she\'s proud Sparkle has decided to follow her dreams, and wishes her a great show. Sparkle goes out on stage and performs "One Wing", a song which she dedicates to Sister. A proud Emma and Ms. Waters watches in the audience while Stix and Larry watch from the side of the stage. Larry informs Stix that he wants to sign Sparkle. As the closing credits begin Sparkle\'s show continues with her performing "Love Will", as the crowd cheers.'] ['Thomas Crown  is a wealthy financier who aches for a challenge. Despite all of his success in business , he feels bored. Among other diversions, he crashes an expensive catamaran while racing and bets $100,000 on a golf swing simply because "it\'s a beautiful Saturday morning", and there is not much else to do. In order to cure his boredom, Crown orchestrates an elaborate heist to steal a painting ([[San Giorgio Maggiore at Dusk  by Monet, valued at $100 million, from the Metropolitan Museum of Art. The insurers of the artwork send Catherine Banning , an insurance investigator, to assist NYPD Detective Michael McCann  in solving the crime. From the beginning, Banning suspects Crown is behind the theft. A game of cat-and-mouse ensues that results in their becoming lovers and gives Crown exactly what he was seeking, as his psychiatrist puts it: "A worthy adversary". To prove his sincerity and test her loyalty to him, Crown returns to the museum under the eye of Banning and dozens of police officers, vowing to put the stolen painting back.'] ['In France just prior to the French Revolution, Queen Marie Antoinette  asks her cousin Noel, the Marquis de Maynes , to uncover the identity of "Marcus Brutus", a dangerous pamphleteer rousing hatred of the aristocracy. Meanwhile, André Moreau , a nobleman\'s bastard, kidnaps his beloved Lenore  to keep her from marrying another man. Afterwards, Moreau learns that his father is the Count de Gavrillac. While traveling to meet his parent, Moreau runs into Aline de Gavrillac , the Queen\'s ward, when her carriage breaks down the road. They are strongly attracted to each other, but Moreau\'s ardor suddenly cools when he learns that she is his half-sister. He hides that information from her. By chance, de Maynes encounters Marcus Brutus, who turns out to be Moreau\'s best friend, Philippe de Valmorin . An expert swordsman, de Maynes provokes de Valmorin into a duel, then toys with his inexperienced opponent before finally dispatching him. Enraged, Moreau attacks, but does no better than his dead friend. After de Maynes easily disarms him several times, Moreau chooses discretion over valor and flees for his life, vowing to kill de Maynes the same way he slew de Valmorin. Chased by de Maynes\'s henchmen led by the Chevalier de Chabrillaine , Moreau hides out in the commedia dell\'arte troupe in which Lenore performs. Forced to disguise himself as the character Scaramouche, he discovers a hidden talent for acting. Burning for revenge, Moreau seeks out de Maynes\' personal fencing instructor, Doutreval , and trains diligently in secret for weeks, while also performing with the troupe. However, de Maynes interrupts one such training session and they fight for a second time. Moreau is still overmatched. He is saved only when Aline and Doutreval unexpectedly intervene, allowing Moreau to escape. Moreau decides that, to surpass de Maynes, he needs to learn from Doutreval\'s teacher, Perigore , so he takes the troupe to Paris. There, Dr. Dubuque , a deputy of the new National Assembly, seeks his help. The aristocrats in the assembly are systematically killing off the deputies representing the common people by provoking them into duels. Moreau is not interested, until Dubuque mentions that de Maynes is one of the duelists. Then he eagerly accepts the seat of a deceased deputy. Each day, he shows up at the assembly to challenge de Maynes, only to find his enemy absent on trivial, but official duties arranged by Aline and Lenore working together to protect the man they both love. However, other noblemen are eager to fight the newcomer, but Moreau wins each time, gaining valuable experience in the process. In the meantime, de Maynes becomes engaged to Aline. Overhearing de Maynes\' intention to confront Moreau that night, Aline persuades him to take her out instead. As luck would have it, they attend a performance of the troupe and, at last, Moreau has his opportunity for revenge. The two men engage in a spectacular, prolonged duel  that ranges throughout the theater, from the balcony boxes, to the lobby, through the main seats, backstage and finally back on the stage itself. Finally, Moreau has de Maynes at his mercy, but something he cannot explain stays his hand. Later, Moreau learns that his father was not the Count de Gavrillac, but rather the old Marquis de Maynes. The man he almost killed is his half-brother. Then he realizes that he is not related to Aline, so they can be married. .'] ['Following a nuclear incident in French Polynesia, a lizard\'s nest is irradiated by the fallout of subsequent radiation. Decades later, a Japanese fishing vessel is suddenly attacked by an enormous sea creature in the South Pacific ocean; only one seaman survives. Traumatized, he is questioned by a mysterious Frenchman in a hospital regarding what he saw, to which he replies, "Gojira". Following a chase with Godzilla, the creature dives into the Hudson River where it is attacked by a Navy submarine. After sustaining head-on collisions with torpedoes, the beast sinks after being rendered incapacitated. Believing it is finally dead, the authorities celebrate. Dr. Tatopoulos and Roaché\'s special operations team, covertly followed by Timmonds and her cameraman Victor "Animal" Palotti , make their way through underground subway tunnels to Madison Square Garden. There, they locate numerous eggs, having finally found the nest. As they attempt to destroy them by planting explosives, the eggs suddenly hatch. Sensing the human intruders as food, they begin attacking them. Dr. Tatopoulos, Rachel, Timmonds and Phillipee take refuge in the coliseum\'s broadcast booth and send a live news report to alert the military of what will happen if the lizards escape. A prompt response involving an airstrike is initiated as the four escape moments before the arena is bombed. Godzilla however, survived the torpedo attack earlier underwater and emerges from the venue\'s ruins. Discovering all of its offspring dead, it roars in anger and chases Dr. Tatopoulos, Roaché, Timmonds and Palotti through the streets of Manhattan. In pursuit of the quartet, Godzilla eventually makes its way to the Brooklyn Bridge. The creature helplessly becomes trapped in its steel suspension cables, making it an easy target. After being attacked by military aircraft, it falls to the ground and slowly dies. Meanwhile, amidst the Garden\'s ruins, a lone egg has survived the aerial bombardment and begins to hatch.'] ['{{Plot}} The film opens on a close-up of a frightened woman\'s eyes. The camera pulls back to reveal that she\'s undergoing a blind tasting of coffee by local TV reporter CJ Nicholas . He heads to the courthouse to watch Shreveport District Attorney Mark Hunter  give his final argument on a murder case. CJ pigeonholes Assistant D.A. Ella Crystal  afterward and asks her for the videotape of the murderer\'s interrogation. He also presses her for a date. She reluctantly agrees to both. At the TV station, CJ drags cameraman Corey Finley  into his editor\'s office and pitches a corruption story on Hunter. The video reveals that the interrogating officer, Lt. Merchant, offers the murderer a cigarette. CJ theorizes that Hunter instructed Merchant to plant the butt at the murder scene. Nicholas argues that most of Hunter\'s high profile convictions rely too greatly on circumstantial evidence to be a coincidence. The editor rejects the story, informing CJ and Corey that he is shutting down their investigative series. CJ convinces Corey to lay a trap for Hunter by planting circumstantial evidence that incriminates CJ. After a prostitute is murdered, CJ pays off Detective Ben Nickerson  to get access to the full report. A witness walking his Jack Russell terrier claims to have seen the man in a black ski mask and sweat suit struggling with the victim. The witness\' dog attacked. A footprint at the scene was made by a Montalvo tennis shoe, which is no longer produced. The murder weapon was determined to be a switchblade knife. CJ and Corey start by buying the knife at a gun store. He buys a pair of Montalvos from BidMore4Le$$. They purchase the sweat suit and ski mask and then rescue a Jack Russell terrier from a shelter. CJ is alone with the dog when he cries out in pain. He claims to Corey that the dog bit him before he was ready. The wound is on his left calf, just as the police report indicates. Finally, CJ douses himself in liquor and drives recklessly through town to get himself arrested. As Corey bails him out, Det. Nickerson notices his Montalvo shoes. Det. Nickerson gets a search warrant and finds all the evidence CJ has planted for them. Lt. Merchant takes over the investigation, which flusters Det. Nickerson. During the trial, CJ lets D.A. Hunter lay out the entire case against him, which relies entirely on circumstantial evidence. Lt. Merchant warns Hunter that when he looked at CJ\'s bank statements, all the purchases showed up. He says that his initial investigation revealed that Corey accompanied him for all the transactions. Merchant surmises that CJ is trying to trap them. Hunter says, "We can\'t have that, can we?" When Hunter rests his prosecution, Corey races to his apartment to get the DVD which contains all the incriminating video. His apartment has been ransacked and the disc is missing. He rushes to a bank where he retrieves a copy from his safe deposit box. On his way back to the courtroom, Merchant chases Corey into a fatal accident, destroying the DVD. CJ is sentenced to the death penalty, despite revealing the truth on the stand. The lack of any corroborating evidence dooms him. As Hunter points out, just because he has receipts for sweatpants and knives after the murder occurred, it does not eliminate the possibility that he already owned similar items prior to the murder. Once in prison, CJ reveals to Ella what he\'s been doing. Skeptical at first, Ella begins her own investigation into Hunter. She eventually retrieves the crime scene photo from the first murder. Digital forensics reveal that the cigarette butt was inserted into the photo. As she leaves the lab, Lt. Merchant chases her through a parking lot. Just as he is about to run her over, Det. Nickerson shoots him. Nickerson informs Ella that he has suspected Merchant of corruption for a while. Hunter is arrested, and CJ is freed. Back home together, Ella is watching the news as CJ sleeps beside her. The newscaster points out that CJ\'s exoneration means that the real murderer of the prostitute is still loose. When Ella sees the picture of the prostitute on the TV, she immediately recognizes the star tattoos on her hands as the same ones on the homeless woman from CJ\'s award-winning report. She quietly calls the cops and puts on her clothes. When CJ wakes, Ella confronts him. The homeless woman never existed, and CJ paid the prostitute to pose for the completely false story. She followed him to Shreveport and was blackmailing him. CJ insists that catching Hunter was worth the cost of the prostitute\'s life. Ella walks out on him, yelling at him "Fuck you", as the police arrive.'] ["Joe Pendleton , a backup quarterback for the American football team Los Angeles Rams, is looking forward to leading his team to the Super Bowl. He is riding a bicycle through the Mulholland Drive tunnel under Sepulveda Boulevard in Los Angeles when he collides with a truck. An over-anxious guardian angel  on his first assignment plucks Joe out of his body early in the mistaken belief that his death is imminent, and Pendleton arrives in the afterlife. Once there, he refuses to believe that his time was up, and upon investigation, the mysterious Mr. Jordan  discovers that he is right; he was not destined to die until much later. Unfortunately, his body has already been cremated, so a new body must be found. After rejecting several possibilities , Joe is finally persuaded to accept the body of millionaire industrialist Leo Farnsworth. Farnsworth has just been drugged and drowned in his bathtub by his wife Julia  and her lover, Farnsworth's personal secretary, Tony Abbott . Julia and Tony are naturally confused when Farnsworth reappears, alive and well. Leo Farnsworth buys the Los Angeles Rams in order to lead them to the Super Bowl as their quarterback. In order to succeed, he must first convince, and then secure the aid of, long-time friend and trainer Max Corkle  to get his new body into shape. At the same time, he falls in love with an environmental activist, Betty Logan , who disapproves of Farnsworth's policies and actions. As the film's plotline heads toward the Super Bowl, the characters all face a crisis. Julia and Abbott continue their murderous plans, and Abbott shoots Farnsworth dead. The Rams are forced to start another quarterback, Thomas Jarrett, in the climactic football game. After a brutal hit on the field, Jarrett is himself killed. With Mr. Jordan's help, Joe then occupies his final body, that of Jarrett. Joe, in Jarrett's body, is shown leading the Rams to victory. During the team's post-game victory celebration, Mr. Jordan removes Joe's memory of his past life and departs. Joe becomes Thomas Jarrett and the cosmic balance is restored; the winning quarterback, Jarrett, is shown meeting Betty after the celebrations have ended, and as the film ends it is strongly implied that they are falling in love as a result of a mutual sense of déjà vu."] ['Jonathan Harker  is an estate agent in Wismar, Germany. His boss, Renfield , informs him that a nobleman named Count Dracula wishes to buy a property in Wismar, and assigns Harker to visit the count and complete the lucrative deal. Leaving his young wife Lucy  behind in Wismar, Harker travels for four weeks to Transylvania, to the castle of Count Dracula. He carries with him the deeds and documents needed to sell the house to the Count. On his journey, Jonathan stops at a village, where locals plead for him to stay clear of the accursed castle, providing him with details of Dracula\'s vampirism. Harker ignores the villagers\' pleas as superstition, and continues his journey unassisted. Harker arrives at Dracula\'s castle, where he meets the Count , a strange, ancient, almost rodent-like man, with large ears, pale skin, sharp teeth, and long fingernails. The lonely Count is enchanted by a small portrait of Lucy and immediately agrees to purchase the Wismar property, especially with the knowledge that he and Lucy would become neighbors. As Jonathan\'s visit progresses, he is haunted at night by a number of dream-like encounters with the vampiric Count. Simultaneously, in Wismar, Lucy is tormented by night terrors, plagued by images of impending doom. Additionally, Renfield is committed to an asylum after biting a cow, apparently having gone completely insane. To Harker\'s horror, he finds the Count asleep in a coffin, confirming for him that Dracula is indeed a vampire. At night, Dracula leaves for Wismar, taking with him a number of coffins, filled with the cursed earth that he needs for his vampiric rest. Harker finds that he is locked in the castle, and attempts to escape through a window with a makeshift rope. The rope, fashioned from bedsheets, is not long enough, and Jonathan falls, severely injuring himself. He awakes on the ground the next morning, stirred by the sound of a young gypsy boy playing a violin. He is eventually sent to a hospital and raves about "black coffins" to doctors, who then assume that the sickness is affecting his mind. Meanwhile, Dracula and his coffins travel to Wismar by boat. He systematically kills the entire crew, making it appear as if they were afflicted with plague. The ghost ship arrives, with its cargo, at Wismar, where doctors - including Abraham Van Helsing  - investigate the strange fate of the ship. They discover a log that mentions their perceived affliction with plague. In turn, Wismar is flooded with rats from the ship. Dracula arrives in Wismar with his coffins, and death spreads rapidly throughout the town. When Jonathan is finally transported home, he is desperately ill, and does not appear to recognize his wife. Lucy later has an encounter with Count Dracula; weary and unable to die, he demands some of the love that she gave so freely to Jonathan, but she refuses, much to Dracula\'s dismay. Now aware that something other than plague is responsible for the death that has beset her once-peaceful town, Lucy desperately tries to convince the townspeople, but they are skeptical and uninterested. She finds that she can vanquish Dracula\'s evil by distracting him at dawn, but at the expense of her own life. She lures the Count to her bedroom, where he proceeds to drink her blood. \u200e Lucy\'s beauty and purity distract Dracula from the call of the rooster, and at the first light of day, he collapses to the floor. Van Helsing arrives to discover Lucy, dead but victorious. He then drives a stake through the heart of the Count to make sure Lucy\'s sacrifice was not in vain. In a final, chilling twist, Jonathan Harker awakes from his sickness, now a vampire, and arranges for Van Helsing\'s arrest. He is last seen traveling away on horseback, stating enigmatically that he has much to do.'] ['After a long night of partying, Bobby Moore and four of his friends drive over a bridge and, not paying attention, crash into a truck, killing them instantly. His father, Shaw Moore , the reverend of the church of the small Southern United States town of Bomont, Georgia, persuades the city council to pass several paternalistic laws, including a ban on all unsupervised dancing within the city limits as well as a by-law curfew. Three years later, Ren McCormack , a teenager raised in Boston, moves to Bomont to live with his uncle, aunt, and cousins after his mother\'s painful death from leukemia. Soon after arriving, Ren makes friends with Willard Hewitt , a fellow senior at Bomont High School, and from him learns about the ban on dancing. He soon begins to be attracted to Moore\'s rebellious daughter Ariel , who is dating dirt-track driver Chuck Cranston, whose father owns the local race-track . After an insult from Chuck, Ren ends up in a game involving buses, and despite his inability to drive a bus, he wins. Reverend Moore mistrusts Ren, forbidding Ariel to see him ever again. Ren and his classmates want to do away with the law and have a senior prom. After a while, Ariel begins to fall for Ren and breaks up with Chuck, telling him she\'s sick of him treating her like dirt. In result, he beats her up, bruising her face. After hearing of Ariel\'s beaten condition, Moore meets up with Ariel and his wife, Vi, at the church and instantly thinks Ren was the one who had beaten his daughter. When he declares he wants Ren arrested, Ariel tells him that he can\'t blame everything on Ren just like he did with Bobby, who died in the car crash. She goes on to say how Bobby spent his entire life trying to make him proud but he was never good enough for him; and now no one remembers the good things about Bobby, only the bad. After she bitterly reveals to having lost her virginity, Moore slaps her across the face, prompting Ariel to flee from the church, her mother going after her who tells Moore he\'s "done enough". Vi is supportive of the movement to allow dancing. She explains to Moore he cannot be everyone\'s father, and that he is hardly being a good father to Ariel. She also says that dancing and music are not the problem. Ren goes before the city council and reads several Bible verses, given to him by Ariel, that describe how in ancient times people would dance to rejoice, exercise, celebrate, and/or worship, hoping to lift the dancing ban. Meanwhile, Ren also teaches Willard how to dance. The city council votes against him. Undaunted, Ren convinces the owner of the cotton mill where he works to let them have a prom there; the mill is just outside the Bomont city limits. Ren goes to see Moore, knowing that Moore still has enough influence to pressure the parents not to let their teenagers come. Ren tells Moore that even though they denied the motion to dismiss the law, they cannot stop the teenagers from having the first senior prom, which has always been denied. He then asks him respectfully if he can take Ariel. Moore, after some thought, allows Ariel to go and makes amends with his wife and daughter, better understanding things. On Sunday, Shaw asks his congregation to pray for the high school students putting on the prom. Not long after Ren and Ariel arrive at the prom, Chuck and several of his friends ride up, intent on beating up Ren and Willard for an earlier fight in the movie. However, Ren and Willard fend them off along with Rusty and Ariel\'s help. Ren then flings some confetti into a shredding machine and yells, "Let\'s dance!" The movie ends with everyone dancing in the barn to the song from the opening credits, "Footloose".'] ['Safe-cracker John Bridger has arranged for one final heist in Venice, Italy; he calls his daughter Stella before the heist attempt. Bridger meets with planner Charlie Croker and the rest of their team: Steve, the "inside man"; Handsome Rob, their driver; "Left Ear", their explosives expert; and Lyle, their technology expert. They successfully recover a safe filled with gold, but Steve betrays the group not long thereafter, killing John and attempting but failing to kill the rest of the team. A year later, Charlie and the team have located Steve with the help of an informant. Steve, having taken a new identity and moved to a mansion in Los Angeles, is attempting to launder the gold through a jewelry store owner, Yevhen. To execute a plan to recover the gold before it can be moved, Charlie contacts Stella, now a professional safe-cracker for law enforcement, and convinces her to help them. Charlie\'s initial plan is to distract Steve by having Stella, posing as a cable technician, go on a date with Steve while they drive through his home in three Mini Coopers, modified by Rob\'s mechanic friend Wrench to handle the weight of the gold, then make their escape through Los Angeles using hacked traffic lights to cover their route. Charlie calls off the plan when they find the next-door neighbors are having a party that night, but has Stella go on the date with Steve to avoid attracting attention. Regardless, Steve identifies Stella\'s true identity. Charlie confronts Steve directly, warning that they will find some way to recover the gold and make up for John\'s death. Steve is forced to accelerate the sale of gold to Yevhen, but Yevhen reveals that he knew of the Venice heist, and Steve kills Yevhen to keep him silent, unaware that Yevhen is the cousin of the local Ukrainian crime boss Maskhov. Steve arranges to move the gold. Charlie\'s team realizes that Steve, watching from a helicopter above, has enlisted three armored trucks, two to act as decoys. With Lyle\'s help, they determine which truck holds the gold and use the traffic lights to manipulate the truck to a designated spot. There, they detonate explosives under the street, dropping the truck into an empty subway tunnel. Charlie and his team load the gold into the Mini Coopers and evade Steve\'s security team. Steve hijacks a truck and follows the cars to a train station, where they appear to have been loaded onto a boxcar. Steve opens the boxcar to find only Charlie waiting for him. Steve tries to fire on Charlie, but he is captured by Maskhov\'s men; Charlie reveals that he told Maskhov about how Steve stole the gold and killed Yevhen; Maskhov accepts a share of the gold and takes Steve with him. Charlie and the rest of the team split up the remaining gold and go their separate ways, with Charlie and Stella staying together.'] ['A district attorney  realizes that his own wife  might be having an affair while he is prosecuting a cuckolded murderer.'] ['A two-bit New York lawyer named Harry Fabian gets caught up in his own scams. First he infuriates local crime figure and boxing promoter Ira "Boom Boom" Grossman by filing a baseless lawsuit against one of his boxers. Then he compounds the situation by recruiting Boom Boom\'s estranged brother, former professional prizefighter Al Grossman, to be his partner as he attempts to stage a boxing promotion himself. Harry\'s debts mount, causing him to approach the ruthless loan shark Mr. Peck and to count on a loan by bar owner Phil Nassaro, who secretly hates Harry and has become aware of his wife Helen\'s affair with him. Helen, the one true friend Harry has, is also betrayed when Harry pretends to acquire a liquor license for her new restaurant, giving her a forged one instead. Everything that can go wrong does go wrong, including Al Grossman\'s collapse from a heart attack. Harry runs out of chances as he desperately tries to avoid the wrath of those he has crossed.'] ['Lawrence Jamieson  is a cultivated and suave British con artist who operates in the deluxe hotels along the French Riviera with the help of his manservant Arthur  and corrupt local police officer Andre . His signature con is seducing wealthy and morally suspect women and stealing their money. His only concern is a mysterious, anonymous con man known only as "The Jackal" who has been preying on other wealthy victims of late. When small-time American hustler Freddy Benson  decides to search for easy marks in Beaumont-sur-Mer, Lawrence\'s home base, Lawrence believes that the Jackal has shown his face. Worried that Freddy\'s clumsy antics will scare away his prey, Lawrence has Freddy arrested and put on the next plane out of town. However, Freddy meets one of Lawrence\'s former marks and deduces that the older man is also a crook. Returning to Beaumont-sur-Mer, Freddy forces Lawrence to take him on as a pupil in exchange for his silence. Lawrence attempts to teach the boorish Freddy about high culture with limited success. He also involves him as a subordinate player in his cons, making him play the mentally challenged and socially inept Rueprect in order to scare away their female targets after their money has been acquired. Freddy, tired of not getting paid and tired of the humiliating part he has to play, decides to strike out on his own. Since Lawrence believes that there is not enough room in Beaumont-sur-Mer for both of them, the two agree to a bet in order to decide who stays. The first one to con $50,000 out of a selected mark will be allowed to stay, while the other must leave and never return to Beaumont-sur-Mer. The two select Janet Colgate , a naive and wealthy American heiress, as their target and embark on their separate strategies while at the same time ruthlessly sabotaging each other. Freddy poses as a psychosomatically crippled soldier who needs to borrow $50,000 for treatment by a celebrated Liechtenstein psychiatrist, Dr. Emile Shauffhausen. But when Lawrence discovers this scheme he pretends to be Dr. Shauffhausen, insisting Freddy\'s condition is one he can cure with the stipulation that Janet pay the $50,000 fee directly to him. Lawrence discovers that Janet is not wealthy after all but on vacation as a contest winner and that she intends to liquidate most of her assets to pay for Freddy\'s treatment. Impressed and emotionally touched by Janet\'s innate goodness, Lawrence calls off the bet, noting that his previous victims have all been wealthy and corrupt. Freddy suggests they change the challenge and make Janet herself the bet, with the first to bed her declared the winner. Lawrence refuses to try to "win," agreeing only to bet that Freddy will fail to do so. Lawrence tries to convince Janet that she must ignore her growing attraction for Freddy as part of his therapy and manages to keep her from having any time alone with him in which they might consummate a relationship. With the help of some British sailors, Freddy waylays Lawrence, and rushes to Janet\'s hotel room where he demonstrates his love by walking to her. However, Janet is not alone. Lawrence, is there and declares Freddy cured of his ailment. Ushering Freddy out of the room he explains that the sailors released him after discovering that he is a Royal Navy reserve officer. The sailors, angry at being duped by Freddy, keep him occupied while Lawrence puts Janet on a plane to America. The next day however, Janet does not board her flight. She instead returns to her hotel room to find a remorseful Freddy there. They kiss, close the door and begin to undress. The news reaches Lawrence as he swims, and he accepts his defeat with grace. He is later seen struggling to retain composure as he waits for Freddy to return and gloat over his victory. Instead, Janet arrives in tears. She tells him that Freddy has stolen the money her father sent. Lawrence compensates her with $50,000 of his own and takes her to the airport. At the last minute before she boards the plane, Janet tells Lawrence that she cannot take the money and gives the bag back to him. As the plane leaves, the police arrive with Freddy who claims that Janet robbed the both of them. Puzzled, Lawrence finally opens up the bag and finds a note from Janet instead admitting that she indeed took the $50,000 and that she was The Jackal all along. Freddy is angry while Lawrence is charmed by the Jackal\'s skill. Freddy and Lawrence assess their loss. They are about to part company when the Jackal, in a new disguise as a loud New York real estate developer, arrives at Lawrence\'s villa with a yacht filled with wealthy people. She promptly has Lawrence and Freddy assume roles in her scheme and while the guests refresh themselves, she takes them aside and announces that while she has made a fortune, she had the most fun with them. Joining arms, they set out to fleece their latest victims.'] ['The film opens in the year 1900, where a suffering and depressed writer named Christian sits at his desk and begins to write on his typewriter. In 1899, one year before, Christian moves to the Montmartre district of Paris to become a writer among members of the area\'s Bohemian movement. He encounters performers led by Toulouse-Lautrec; his writing skills allow them to finish their proposed show, "Spectacular Spectacular", that they wish to sell to Harold Zidler, owner of the Moulin Rouge. The group arrives at the Moulin Rouge as Zidler and his "Diamond Dog Dancers" perform for the audience (Lady Marmalade/Zidler\'s Rap . Toulouse-Lautrec arranges for Christian to see Satine, the star courtesan, in her private quarters to present the work, unaware that Zidler is promising Satine to the wealthy and unscrupulous Duke of Monroth, a potential investor in the cabaret . Early in the movie, it is made obvious that Satine suffers from tuberculosis. Satine mistakes Christian for the Duke, and dances with him before retiring to her private chamber with him in order to discuss things "privately"  but soon learns that he is just a writer; by this time Christian has fallen in love with her . The Duke interrupts them; Christian and Satine claim they were practicing the lines for the Moulin Rouge\'s new show, "Spectacular Spectacular". With the help of Zidler, Toulouse-Lautrec and the rest of the troupe pitch the show to the Duke with an improvised plot about an evil maharajah attempting to woo an Indian courtesan who is in love with a poor sitar player ("The Pitch . The Duke agrees to back the show on the condition that only he is allowed to see Satine. Meanwhile, Satine contemplates on Christian and her longing to leave the Moulin Rouge to become "a real actress" . Christian later goes back to Satine to convince her that she loves him . As the cabaret is converted to a theater, Christian and Satine continue seeing each other under the pretense of rehearsing Satine\'s lines. The Duke becomes jealous and warns Zidler that he may stop financing the show; Zidler arranges for Satine to dine with the Duke that evening, but during practice she falls ill . That night, Zidler makes excuses to the Duke, claiming that Satine has gone to confession ("[[Like a Virgin . Zidler learns that Satine\'s tuberculosis has worsened, and that she does not have long to live. Satine tries to convince Christian that their relationship endangers the show, but he counters by writing a secret love song into the show to affirm their love ("[[Come What May . As the Duke watches Christian rehearse lines with Satine, Nini, a jealous performer, points out that the play is a metaphor for Christian, Satine and the Duke. Enraged, the Duke demands that the play ending be changed so that the courtesan ends up with the maharajah; Satine offers to spend the night with the Duke to keep the original ending. While at the Duke\'s quarters, Satine sees Christian on the streets below, and realizes she cannot go through with this . The Duke tries to rape her, but she is saved by Le Chocolat, one of the cabaret dancers, and reunited with Christian, who urges her to run away with him. The Duke tells Zidler that he will have Christian killed if Satine is not his. Zidler reiterates this warning to Satine, but when she refuses to return, he finally informs her that she is dying . Acting on the threat to Christian\'s life, Satine tells Christian they can no longer see each other as she will be staying with the Duke . Christian tries following her, but is denied entry to the Moulin Rouge, and falls into a deep depression, even though Toulouse-Lautrec insists that Satine loves him. On the night of the show, Christian sneaks into the Moulin Rouge, ready to pay Satine to return his love just as the Duke has paid for her . He catches Satine before she steps on stage, and he demands she tells him that she does not love him. Suddenly they find themselves in the spotlight; Zidler convinces the audience that Christian is the disguised sitar player. Christian angrily denounces Satine and walks off the stage. From the rafters, Toulouse-Lautrec, cries out, "The greatest thing you\'ll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return", spurring Satine to sing the secret love song Christian wrote to express their love. Christian returns to the stage, joining her in the song. The Duke\'s bodyguard tries to kill Christian, but is thwarted by Toulouse-Lautrec and La Petite Princesse , while the Duke\'s own attempt is stopped by Zidler. The Duke storms out of the cabaret as Christian and Satine complete their song ("Come What May ", "Coup d\'État . After the curtain closes, however, Satine succumbs to tuberculosis. She and Christian affirm their love before she dies. A year later the Moulin Rouge has closed down, and Christian is writing the tale of his love for Satine, a "love that will live forever" (Nature Boy .'] [' During the opening scenes in auditions and orientation, it is told that in 1936, New York City Mayor Fiorello H. LaGuardia founded the High School of Music & Art in order to provide a facility where the most gifted and talented public school students of New York City could pursue their talents in art or music, while also completing a full academic program of instruction. In 1948, the School of Performing Arts was created to provide training in performance skills to students who wished to prepare for professional careers in dance, music or drama.  Students learn on the first day of classes that their teachers expect them to know everything. In dance class, the teacher Ms. Kraft is worried about Kevin\'s dancing, but is easily impressed by Alice. In acting class, Jenny feels uncomfortable to let loose and be crazy like everyone else. In music class, Mr. Cranston gives Victor pointers, while Denise plays the music perfectly on the piano. In the lunchroom, everyone practices their major and they all get up and dance , while Denise and Malik escape the madness and they talk to each other, Denise saying that her uptight and conservative parents thinks that the school is "people sitting around, practicing cello all day", and that they would die if they saw this. Malik reveals that his mother doesn\'t even know that he is coming to the school for she\'s a junkie and drunkard who doesn\'t care about his or anyone\'s lives. Just before freshman year ends, it shows Malik at his apartment, his mother finding his report card, making it clear that he goes to P.A. She is angry but he continues to go to the school. The year closes after she goes to work and leaves Malik standing alone.  As the new school year begins, it shows the dancers all practicing in a circle, but once it is Kevin\'s turn, he is out-shined and is forced to go back in his original spot. In music class, Victor is having trouble sticking to the right music, and adds his own spin on whatever he is playing, which doesn\'t sit well with Mr. Cranston. In theater class, Malik talks about his dead sister, Ayanna, causing Mr. Dowd to ask questions that he refuses to answer. Malik then leaves, stating that he\'s going to be famous, no matter what anyone else says. Meanwhile, Denise is playing her classical piano, but then starts to sing, assuming she is alone.  When she leaves, it is revealed to the audience that Malik was watching the whole time. He brings her to Victor and convinces her to sing for the album that they are producing. She agrees to it, as long as her strict father doesn\'t find out. At a Halloween party, Malik plays the song, but says the vocals are "anonymous", upsetting Denise, which confuses Malik. Later, Joy is in Central Park drinking beer. She gets up and does a rap, vomiting at the end of it. Neil captures this in his documentary and presents it to the class. Marco asks Jenny out on a date . She agrees to go with him to dinner at his father\'s restaurant, where she convinces him to play a song and sing on the piano. He does , and she gives him a money tip. The sophomore year portion of the movie ends with them kissing.  Joy has another audition, but is annoyed, because the other girls competing against her always seem to get the part. Neil says that he is meeting with a producer for a short, independent film he wrote and hopes to direct himself. Meanwhile, Marco and Jenny go to a party, where Jenny sees a guy named Andy Matthews, a former P.A. student who claims to be a professional actor and known player. He tells her that he can have her meet with his agent, and the naive Jenny gives him her cell phone number. Marco leaves, having seen the last part, and Jenny runs out after him. They have a minor fight, but she promises that she will never talk to Andy again, and they go back to her house. Victor, Malik, and Denise meet with a man from a record company, who says that their demo is interesting, and he will play it at the next meeting and get back to them. Victor and Malik are overjoyed, but Denise is still hesitant. At the next meeting, the producer tells them that Denise is the reason he was interested in their music. He tries to persuade her to stay. Joy tells Jenny and Neil that she got a part-time acting job on \'Sesame Street\' and is very excited about it. Ms. Rowan, the voice teacher, takes some of the students to a karaoke bar where she ends up singing as well. Jenny goes to meet Andy despite what she said to Marco. When she arrives, Andy tells her the director is out sick. He comes onto her, but she stops him and angrily leaves. She tells Marco, and he asks if Andy tried anything, saying that he knew this would happen and that if fame was really that important to her then he hopes she gets the job. He then leaves her sobbing his name on a rooftop. Neil tries to get his equipment for the movie, but when he tries to find his producer, he is discovered to be gone, along with the $5,000.  Kevin has a meeting with Ms. Kraft, the dance teacher, because he asked her to write him a letter of recommendation. She says she can not write him the letter, because she believes he is not talented enough to become a professional dancer. Meanwhile, as they talk, Alice is dancing to  practicing her jazz piece. This conversation with Ms. Kraft causes him to attempt suicide by stepping in front of a subway car. Joy, Rosie, and Jenny are there to stop him. Victor is told by his girlfriend, Alice, that she is going on a world tour next week. He asks if she will visit him, but she says that after P.A. couples usually go their separate ways. Joy drops out of school before graduation because she is working on \'Sesame Street\' full-time now and her grades have suffered. Malik talks with Mr. Dowd about his father, which leads to Mr. Dowd telling him about breaking down his walls. Victor, Malik and Denise put on a hip-hop concert at a club at which her parents are at, but Denise told them it was classical jazz because of her father\'s wishes for her to pursue classical piano and not vocals. Despite this, she defies her father and goes on anyway and wins over her mother during the performance. Marco, along with Neil, Joy, and Rosie, is there to watch but when he sees Jenny come in, he says he has to go. Jenny stops him from leaving, saying that she\'s been thinking a lot about him, and that it kills her that she hurt him. Later, during the concert, he puts his arms around her and they smile at each other. When Denise leaves with her parents, her father is outraged and tells her that he is pulling her out of P.A., even though she is about to graduate. Her mom stops him and says that if Denise wants to sing, she should sing.  Before graduation, Jenny gives a speech about success to the graduating class, saying that she felt it when she was in the school. Kevin tells Joy that he is moving back to Iowa, and that he is going to be the best damn dance teacher there\'s ever been. During the graduation performance, everybody participates , with Denise as the main singer. It ends with all the characters following graduating .'] ['Young foster children Roger  and his friend J.P.  love to sneak into baseball games of the hopelessly dreadful California Angels. Still in limited contact with his widower father, Roger asks when they will be a family again. His father replies sarcastically, "I\'d say when the Angels win the pennant." Taking his father\'s words literally, Roger prays for God to help the Angels win. After he prays, a star, unseen by Roger, twinkles in the sky. Then, in a game against the Toronto Blue Jays which Roger and J.P. attend, he sees a group of angels led by Al  helping the team. Although Roger can see the angels quite clearly, everyone else can only explain the seemingly impossible acts as freak occurrences. Roger\'s unique ability to see which players are receiving help from angels leads the Angel\'s skeptical manager, George Knox  to keep Roger around as a good luck charm/consultant. Due to the much needed help, the Angels start to win games and make a surprising second-half surge to the top of their division. Unfortunately, Roger\'s father permanently gives up custody of his son instead. As Roger laments his loss, J.P. accidentally reveals to antagonistic sports broadcaster Ranch Wilder  that Roger has the ability to see angels, and that Knox has been winning through the advice Roger\'s given him. Ranch, hoping to destroy Knox informs the press of this and their manager Hank Murphy ([[Ben Johnson  threatens to terminate Knox for this seemingly absurd notion that angels are helping the team. Roger comes clean to his caretaker Maggie Nelson  about his special ability and at a press conference they and the entire Angels team defend Knox in front of the press. Moved by their faith, Murphy allows Knox to remain as coach of the California Angels. On the championship game none of the Angels show up to help the team. Later on Al explains that championships must be played without help from the Angels and that he was just checking Mel Clark  who will be one of them soon . Throughout the game Clark has been in, but is getting tired after 159 pitches. When Coach Knox goes in, everyone thinks he is going in to take him out, but instead, Knox gives Clark some motivation, with help from Roger, the Angels team, and finally, the entire stadium audience as well as Murphy and the broadcasters . The Angels ultimately win the final game of the regular season without the help of the angels and clinch the division pennant over the rival Chicago White Sox. Murphy fires Wilder due to his snide remarks over the Angels. The movie ends with George adopting both Roger and J.P. J.P. sees Al at the window and knew it could happen. Al circles around the house and says "We\'re always watching" and flying off into the stars, which re-enact a baseball game.'] ['Two escaped convicts are caught hiding in a rocket by a scientist who forces them to pilot the ship to the Moon. Another scientist and his fiancée find themselves on board at the moment of launch, but the original scientist is killed during a meteor storm. Once on the Moon, they encounter an underground kingdom of scantily-clad women and their sinister female ruler The Ledo, as well as giant spiders and rock creatures.<ref nameJalufka, Dona A.; Koeber, Christian | editorMoonstruck: How Realistic Is The Moon Depicted In Classic Science Fiction Films? | booktitlePadova, Italy | dateSpringer | year0-7923-7089-9 | pagesJohn | last1996 | title 23 | publisher0-7864-0093-5 }} The lunar landscape more closely resembles Vasquez Rocks near Los Angeles, California.'] ['Charley Brewster  is a teenager living in a suburb of Las Vegas, Nevada, who discovers that a new neighbor has moved in next door to him. Charley\'s former best friend, "Evil" Ed Lee , informs him that many fellow students have gone missing. When Charley goes home after school, his mother  introduces him to Jerry Dandrige , their new neighbor. Charley becomes fed up with Ed after he claims that Jerry is a vampire. On his way home, Ed is confronted by Jerry, who bites him. The next day, Charley realizes that Ed is missing and decides to investigate. As Jerry begins to attack more people throughout the neighborhood, Charley sneaks into Jerry\'s house and finds out that he keeps his victims in secret rooms. Charley goes to Las Vegas magician Peter Vincent , a supposed expert on vampires. Peter doesn\'t take him seriously, and kicks him out. Jerry comes to Charley\'s house and sets fire to it. Charley, his mother, and his girlfriend, Amy Peterson , barely escape with their lives, fleeing through the desert in their minivan. Jerry catches up with them, but is wounded by Charley\'s mother . Charley\'s mother is admitted to a hospital, where Charley is summoned by Peter. Upon arriving at Peter\'s penthouse, Jerry and Ed, now a vampire, attack Charley, Amy, and Peter. Charley reluctantly kills Ed, while Amy injures Jerry with holy water. They then run into a club, where they get separated in the crowd. Amy is bitten and taken by Jerry. Peter refuses to help Charley and reveals that both of his parents were killed by a vampire . He does, however, give Charley a stake blessed by Saint Michael that will kill Jerry and turn all of his victims back into humans. Charley goes to Jerry\'s house where Peter decides to join him after all. They are led into Jerry\'s basement, where they are attacked by many of Jerry\'s victims, now vampires, including Amy. Charley, having outfitted himself in a flame-retardant suit, lights himself on fire in order to burn and disorient Jerry while he tries to stake him. Peter assists him by shooting a hole in the floor above to allow sunlight in which burns Jerry, then tossing Charley the stake which Charley dropped. Charley quickly stabs Jerry in the heart, killing him and returning his victims to their human form. Afterwards, Charley\'s mother recovers from the hospital and goes to shop for a new house as Charley and Amy make love in Peter\'s penthouse.'] ["Preston Blake started out in his career hoping to be a disc jockey as a young man, slowly working his way up through the ranks to found Blake Media, a corporation running hundreds of television and radio stations and with 50 thousand employees. After Blake freezes to death at the summit of Mount Everest with a triumphant smile on his face, a search for his heir begins. It is found that Blake has a living nephew named Longfellow Deeds , who runs a pizzeria in New Hampshire and attempts  to write and sell greeting card captions. Deeds is contacted and brought to New York City by attorney and businessman Chuck Cedar . Plans are made for Deeds to sell his shares in the company to Cedar and return home $40 billion richer, but he must remain in New York for a few days as all the legal details are worked out. The story is major news, and reporter Babe Bennett , who works for a tabloid show called Inside Access, has a friend pretend to steal her purse in sight of Deeds, because their research indicated Deeds wanted to meet a girl by saving her, the same way his father had met his mother. Deeds rescues her  and she continues to go out with him under the disguise of Pam Dawson, a school nurse from Winchestertonfieldville, Iowa (a town she made up on the spot when asked where she was from, which later turns out to be a real place . Though Pam initially hopes to just get a good story on the new heir, she eventually falls for the unfailingly kind-hearted Deeds, and decides to tell him that she is not who she says she is, but Inside Access, in concert with Cedar  reveals it to Deeds first. Heartbroken, and upset, Deeds decides to return home to Mandrake Falls after giving his $40 Billion inheritance to the United Negro College Fund . After returning to Mandrake Falls, he learns from Crazy Eyes  that Chuck Cedar intends to sell off the company, which will cause thousands of people to lose their jobs. Babe visits Deeds in Mandrake Falls and tries to win him back. After saving her after she's fallen through the ice over a lake, he rejects her saying he does not really know who she is. At a shareholders meeting, Cedar has everyone convinced to sell the company, until Deeds  arrives and manages to convince everyone not to sell. But Cedar has control of a majority of the shares and the sale is approved. Babe arrives, and reveals that Blake's butler, Emilio , is Preston Blake's illegitimate son , and the true heir. As a result, Deeds' sale of his shares to Cedar is not legal. Emilio immediately takes control and fires Cedar, as well as the entire top brass at the company, with the exception of Cecil Anderson , a good-hearted executive who had befriended Deeds . Babe reveals herself to Deeds and apologizes for tricking him, and they reconcile and Deeds falls in love again. As they are leaving, Emilio thanks Deeds for his support and asks how he can repay him. Deeds says that all he wants is his friendship. Emilio ends up giving Deeds a billion dollars, some of which Deeds spends on Corvettes for the entire town, and he returns to Mandrake Falls with his new wife Babe, where he learns that Hallmark Cards has bought one of his cards, the one he wrote for Babe."] ['On August 18, 1973, five teenagers, Erin , her boyfriend Kemper , Morgan , Andy , and Pepper , are on their way to a Lynyrd Skynyrd concert after returning from Mexico, where they were supplying themselves with drugs for the concert. As they drive through Texas, they spot a distraught hitchhiker , who eventually gets into their van. After they have tried to speak to the hitchhiker, who talks incoherently about "a bad man", she shoots herself in the mouth with a .357 Magnum. After the startling shock, the group tries to contact the police, they then go to a store where a woman  tells them the sheriff is at the mill. Instead of the sheriff, they find a little boy named Jedediah  who tells them that the sheriff is at home drinking. Erin and Kemper go through the woods to find his house, leaving the other three at the mill with the boy. They come to a plantation house where Erin is allowed inside by the owner, an amputee named Monty, to phone for help. When Erin finishes, the old man asks her for help. Kemper goes inside to look for Erin and is attacked by the vicious-looking Leatherface , who hits him with a sledgehammer. When Leatherface takes Kemper\'s body to begin to make a new mask out of him, he discovers a small black box from Kemper. Opening it, he discovers a ring. Kemper was intending to propose to Erin. Meanwhile, Sheriff Hoyt  arrives at the mill and disposes of the hitchhiker\'s body, wrapping her in cellophane and putting her in his trunk. As he drives away, he tells the youths to leave. Erin arrives and finds that Kemper is still missing. Andy and Erin go back to the Monty\'s house, where Erin distracts him while Andy searches for Kemper. Monty realizes Andy is inside and summons Leatherface, who attacks Andy with his chainsaw. Erin escapes and heads towards the woods, but Leatherface slices Andy\'s leg off. Leatherface carries him to the basement and hangs him on a meat hook with his feet hanging over a piano, where he rubs salt on Andy\'s stump of a leg before wrapping it in butcher paper and tying it with human hair. Erin makes it to the mill and tries to escape in the van, but the sheriff shows up and, after spotting marijuana on the dashboard, orders Erin, Morgan and Pepper to get out of the van. The sheriff gives Morgan the gun he took from the hitchhiker and tells Morgan to reenact how she killed herself. Morgan, scared and disturbed by the sheriff\'s demeanor, and under pressure by Erin and Pepper, attempts to shoot the sheriff only to find the gun is unloaded. Sheriff Hoyt handcuffs Morgan and drives him to the Hewitt house , leaving the girls in the van. Erin tries to fix the truck, while Pepper holds a flashlight. Erin gets the truck running and begins to drive, but one of the wheels falls off. Erin and Pepper stay still in the truck, but Leatherface appears on the top of the truck and tries to attack them by chainsawing the roof. After witnessing Pepper\'s murder by Leatherface, Erin, who sees that Leatherface is wearing Kemper\'s face over his own, runs to escape and hides in a nearby trailer with two women inside, who offer her tea and try to soothe her. The two women, an obese middle-aged woman known only as the \'Tea Lady\' and a younger woman named Henrietta, who is presumably her daughter, act strangely. After they tell Erin they don\'t have a phone for her to call for help, a telephone in the trailer rings and Henrietta picks it up and tells someone on the other end "she\'s here". Erin discovers they have kidnapped a child when she sees that the baby with them is the same child in a photograph with the woman who committed suicide earlier. However, the tea is drugged and she passes out when she tries to leave the trailer. Erin wakes up at the Hewitt house surrounded by the Hewitt family: Leatherface, his mother Luda May, Sheriff Hoyt, Uncle Monty, and the little boy Jedediah. Luda May tells Erin that her excuse for her son Thomas\' actions is that her son was tormented by teenagers and that she felt no one cared for her family besides themselves. Erin is taken to the basement, where she finds Andy. She tries to help him off of the meat hook but when he sees he will land on the piano keys and alert Leatherface, he begs her to kill him, which she does, though suffering severe emotional trauma. Afterwards, she finds Morgan, who is still handcuffed. Jedediah, who clearly does not agree with the actions of his family, leads them out of the house. Jedediah rejects Erin\'s plea to come with them, rather staying there, and distracts Leatherface long enough for them to escape. Erin and Morgan find an abandoned house in the woods and barricade themselves inside. Leatherface breaks in and discovers Erin, but Morgan attacks Leatherface, causing him to drop his chainsaw. Morgan grabs him and wrestles him, but Leatherface is a large, powerful man who easily lifts Morgan upwards toward a chandelier, where Morgan becomes entangled by his handcuffs, and is left hanging and defenseless. Leatherface picks up his chainsaw, slicing up into Morgan\'s crotch and killing him. Erin runs out of the shack and escapes through the woods. Leatherface trips on a fence and cuts his leg while pursuing her. Erin finds a slaughterhouse and hides in a locker. Leatherface opens the locker across from hers and she attacks him with a meat cleaver, chopping off his right arm. Erin runs outside and flags down a trucker, whom she tries to convince to go away from the Hewitt\'s house. But he stops to find help at the eatery. Erin sees Luda May and watches as Sheriff Hoyt arrives and talks to the trucker. Erin sees Henrietta watching over the kidnapped baby in a highchair. When Henrietta walks outside to join Luda May and Sheriff Hoyt, who are talking to the truck driver, Erin sneaks the baby out of the eatery and places her in the sheriff\'s car and hot-wires it. Hoyt notices her and tries to stop her, but she runs him down and runs him over repeatedly until he is dead. Leatherface appears in the road with the chainsaw and tries to stop her, but he is too slow, and Erin manages to escape with the baby unharmed.'] ['Architect Peter Mitchell , cartoonist Michael Kellam  and actor Jack Holden  are happy living their lives as bachelors in their lofty New York City apartment. They all have different girlfriends, successful jobs and a carefree and somewhat hedonistic lifestyle. This is disrupted when a baby arrives on their doorstep one day. A note with the child, Mary, indicates that it is Jack\'s, the result of an affair with a recent co-star. The baby arrives in Jack\'s absence – he is in Turkey shooting a B movie, leaving Peter and Michael to fend for themselves in taking care of the child, something in which their lack of experience befuddles them. At one point, Peter and Michael are mistakenly led to believe that they are to deliver Mary to two men who arrive at their door asking for "the package". They discover moments before their departure that the men are drug dealers who were actually seeking a package of heroin. They retrieve the infant, leaving the men with a can of powdered milk. What results is a major change to the men\'s lives as they try to adjust to surrogate fatherhood&mdash;balancing the demands of work, a social schedule and the rearing of a child. Soon their paternal instincts take hold, and they grow attached to the child. Eventually, when Jack returns, Peter and Michael do not hesitate in taking their revenge and passing all responsibility of looking after Mary to Jack, but Jack quickly grows to love his daughter. The drug dealers, demanding payment, eventually ransack the men\'s apartment looking for their drugs. The men formulate a plan to trap the dealers when they negotiate a deal to deliver the illicit goods. With a recording of the conversation, the men prove their innocence to the police and the dealers are arrested. At the end of the movie, the baby\'s mother, an English woman named Sylvia , arrives, asking for Mary back. Moments before her departure to England, she realizes she cannot give up her career to raise her daughter alone, and the three men, having grown attached to Mary, cannot bear to lose Mary, and rush to the airport to persuade Sylvia to stay in America, but they arrive just as Sylvia\'s plane leaves. Defeated, the men return to their apartment, where they find both Sylvia and Mary. The men quickly invite her to move into their apartment with them, and she agrees.'] ['Pierre Peders  is a tough political correspondent infuriated by his editor\'s insistence he cover a tabloid-level story about the paparazzi favorite Katya . Pierre\'s chagrin increases given the news of a searing White House scandal that is just breaking; instead of covering the piece, Peders must visit a posh Manhattan restaurant and interview Katya, whom he instantly detests. The one-on-one is more of a disaster than either could have predicted, but by some strange twist of fate, Pierre is injured and brought back to Katya\'s loft. Once there, liquor is downed, cocaine is consumed, minor violence erupts, and the two begin to "dance a pas de deux" &mdash; attempting, not so subtly, to outmaneuver one another psychologically, as dark secrets and long-hidden vulnerabilities emerge. Katya teases Peders into kissing her, which Peders passionately does, but as her cell phone rings and reality reasserts itself, Katya demands that he stop. Peders is exasperated and complains that she doesn\'t let him finish what she starts, unlike the male prostitute he once visited. During another of Katya\'s phone calls, Peders uses Katya\'s laptop and opens a folder containing what he believes is Katya\'s diary. He is able to barely conceal his surprise when Katya eyes him suspiciously, by saying he is merely Googling her, as per an earlier suggestion by her. When Katya\'s attention returns to her phone call, Peders e-mails a particularly expressive and emotional diary passage to himself. Later, unable to forget what he had read, Peders betrays his snooping by asking Katya what has made her lose hope. After an emotional outburst about her loss of privacy, she admits that she has cancer. At this, Peders is immediately contrite about the way he has been treating her. He learns that no one knows about Katya\'s illness; she feels that saying it aloud will make it more "real". Peders promises not to reveal the truth about her health; Katya demands that Peders reveal something about himself in return. As Katya films the confession with a camcorder, Peders admits that, as a reporter, he has made up stories and sources, and that he essentially caused his alcoholic former wife\'s death.  Katya swaps out the camcorder tape when Peders is unaware, and a while later, Peders attempts to do the same. On a clandestine phone call to his editor, Peders - against his promise to Katya - tells him that Katya has cancer. Peders leaves Katya\'s loft, and as he is walking outside, she calls him on his cell phone. Katya reveals that not only did she lie about having cancer,  but she has Peders\' confessional tape. She inquires whether she should send it to his editor first or the police. Peders smugly retorts that he swapped the tape first; Katya disagrees and says he only has her rehearsal tape. The movie ends with Peders and Katya watching their tapes - Peders wearing a sullen expression. Katya sips a glass of wine while watching Peders\' confessional tape, but it is unknown if she will follow through with her threat.'] ['Alice Adams  is the youngest daughter of the Adams family. Her father  is an invalid who used to work in Mr. Lamb\'s factory as a clerk. Her mother  is embittered by her husband\'s lack of ambition and upset by the snubs her daughter endures because of their poverty. Alice\'s older brother, Walter , is a gambler who cannot hold a job and who associates with African Americans . As the film begins, Alice attends a dance given by the wealthy Henrietta Lamb . She has no date, and is escorted to the occasion by Walter. Alice is a social climber like her mother, and engages in socially inappropriate behavior and conversation in an attempt to impress others. At the dance, Alice meets wealthy Arthur Russell , who is charmed by her despite her poverty. Alice\'s father is employed as a clerk in a factory owned by Mr. Lamb , who has kept Adams on salary for years despite his lengthy illness. Alice\'s mother nags her husband into quitting his job and pouring his life savings into a glue factory. Mr. Lamb ostracizes Mr. Adams from society, believing that Adams stole the glue formula from him. Alice is the subject of cruel town gossip, which Russell ignores. Alice invites Russell to the Adams home for a fancy meal. She and her mother put on airs, the entire family dresses inappropriately in formal wear despite the hot summer night, and the Adams pretend that they eat caviar and fancy, rich-tasting food all the time. The dinner is ruined by the slovenly behavior and poor cooking skills of the maid the Adams have hired for the occasion, Malena . Mr. Adams unwittingly embarrasses Alice by exposing the many lies she has told Russell. When Walter shows up with bad financial news, Alice gently expels Russell from the house now that everything is "ruined". Walter reveals that "a friend" has gambling debts, and that he stole $150 from Mr. Lamb to cover them. Mr. Adams decides to take out a loan against his new factory to save Walter from jail. Just then, Mr. Lamb appears at the Adams house. He accuses Adams of stealing the glue formula from him, and declares his intention to ruin Adams by building a glue factory directly across the street from the Adams plant. The men argue violently, but their friendship is saved when Alice confesses that her parents took the glue formula only so she could have a better life and some social status. Lamb and Adams reconcile, and Lamb indicates he will not prosecute Walter. Alice wanders out onto the porch, where Russell has been waiting for her. He confesses his love for her, despite her poverty and family problems.'] ['Eun-yi is hired as an au pair for Hae-ra  and her rich husband Hoon. Eun-yi\'s primary task is watching the couple\'s young daughter, Nami. Eun-yi is eager to connect to Nami, who gradually warms to her. Hoon begins to secretly flirt with Eun-yi, enticing her with glasses of wine and his piano playing, and they eventually begin a sexual relationship. Despite the affair, Eun-yi is still warm and friendly to Hoon\'s oblivious wife, Hae-ra; she even expresses enthusiasm and delight at the progress of Hae-ra\'s pregnancy. Byeong-sik, aka "Miss Cho"  witnesses Eun-yi and Hoon having sex. She tries to subtly pry details from Eun-yi, but Eun-yi brushes her off casually. Later, Miss Cho reveals her suspicion to Hae-ra\'s mother that Eun-yi is pregnant. Hae-ra\'s mother then visits the family and stages an "accident," resulting in Eun-yi falling from a ladder positioned at the top of a set of stairs. Dangling from a chandelier, Eun-yi begs Hae-ra\'s mother to pull her over the railing. Hae-ra\'s mother doesn\'t oblige, and Eun-yi falls. Suffering only a concussion, Eun-yi spends the night in the hospital. During her stay, she learns that she is pregnant and contemplates abortion. Meanwhile, the affair is revealed to Hae-ra. Hae-ra\'s mother, Mi-hee, instructs Hae-ra to ignore the affair; she insists that all wealthy husbands will eventually cheat and that if Hae-ra ignores it she can "live like a queen." Later that night, Hae-ra stands over Eun-yi\'s bed with a golf club but is unable to strike the sleeping woman. The next day, Hae-ra and her mother confront Eun-yi, offering her $100,000 to have an abortion and leave. Hae-ra knows that Eun-yi wouldn\'t abort her child "for all the money in the world," so she takes matters into her own hands by poisoning the herbal medicine packets Eun-yi drinks every day. Hae-ra goes to the hospital and delivers her twin sons. Hoon visits the hospital, where Hae-ra makes her ill-will toward him known. Furious, he returns home alone and finds Eun-yi in his bathtub. She reveals that she is pregnant and plans on keeping the baby. Eun-yi succumbs to the effects of the poison, and Mi-hee arranges an abortion without Eun-yi\'s consent. After the abortion, Miss Cho reveals that she told Mi-hee about Eun-yi\'s pregnancy. Eun-yi is angry, but forgives Miss Cho and vows to get revenge on the family. After recovering from her abortion, Eun-yi sneaks into the house with Miss Cho\'s assistance. Hoon finds her breastfeeding one of the newborn babies. Hae-ra insists that Miss Cho chase Eun-yi out of the house, but Miss Cho refuses and quits her job on the spot. Eun-yi then confronts the entire family , hanging herself from the same chandelier she once clung to, then lighting her body on fire as the family watches in horror.'] ["Boozy Arthur Bach  and his chauffeur, Bitterman , dress up in Batman and Robin costumes for a formal dinner hosted by Arthur's mother, Vivienne . The dinner is intended to announce Arthur as the new chairman of her corporation, Bach Worldwide. Driving to the dinner in a Batmobile, an intoxicated Arthur is chased by police, arrested and released the next day. Vivienne and her shrewd assistant Susan  form a plan to have Susan marry Arthur to allow her to take control of the company, ensuring stable leadership. Arthur initially refuses, but is told that he will be cut off from his $950 million inheritance if he does not marry Susan. He reluctantly agrees and asks Susan's father, Burt Johnson , for permission to marry. Burt agrees, after forcing Arthur against a table saw and warning him not to embarrass Susan. The next day, Arthur meets Naomi , an illegal tour guide to whom he becomes attracted because of her free-spirited nature. He arranges his wedding while sneaking around on dates with Naomi. Arthur's nanny, Lillian Hobson  – who normally dislikes all of Arthur's choices in women – gets to know and like Naomi. Arthur learns that Naomi would like to have her children's book about the Statue of Liberty published. He attempts to find employment and other options so that he will be able to keep seeing Naomi and not need the inheritance, but to no avail. Hobson takes Arthur to an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting, where Arthur complains that it is depressing and makes him want to drink. He proclaims he is going to drink, unintentionally brags about his wealth, and turns to leave the meeting. Hobson stands up and takes the bullet, giving Arthur’s humiliating introduction in his place. Arthur, touched, states that if only she would do his drinking for him as well, he would be set. Arthur goes to see Naomi at her house and tells her the truth – that he is engaged to Susan. Naomi then tells him to leave. Back home, Arthur calls for Hobson, only for Bitterman to come and tell him that she is in bed with a headache. Later, Hobson goes to Naomi and asks her to give Arthur another chance, but she again falls ill and is taken to a hospital. Naomi calls Arthur to tell him what has happened. He comes to the hospital, meets Naomi and is about to make up with her, but Susan arrives and tells Naomi that Arthur has bought the company that is handling the publication of her book. Upset, Naomi leaves the hospital. Hobson comes home and Arthur takes care of her. The two begin to get along better. However, a few days later, Hobson dies in her sleep and Arthur reverts to alcoholism to numb the pain of her death, the loss of Naomi and being married to Susan. At his wedding, Arthur gets drunk and finds Hobson's last letter to him in which she advises him to follow his heart. Arthur decides, during the vows, not to proceed with the marriage. Susan and her father become belligerent and begin punching him, which makes Vivienne realize that Susan is only after her company. Nevertheless, Vivienne still wants Susan to be Arthur's wife, so she again threatens him with disinheritance if he pursues Naomi. Arthur strips nearly naked to emphasise that he wants no kind of dependency on his mother's money and runs to Naomi's apartment. He tells her that he just lost his mum  but Naomi, still upset with him, says she can't replace Hobson and refuses any prospect of their getting back together. Six months later, Arthur is now sober. He has got back his inheritance because he is managing the company's charity. He goes to a bookshop to buy Naomi's book – which she has dedicated to him – and sees an advertisement for a book-reading she will be giving at a library. Arthur goes to the library and, this time, Naomi takes him back. The two leave the library and Bitterman drives them through the city in the Batmobile with the police following in pursuit."] ['The film opens up by introducing Alfie , a charismatic, charming, bed-hopping, Vespa-riding Cockney who resides in Manhattan. An impeccably stylish lad in his late twenties, Alfie funds his hedonistic lifestyle by working as a driver for the local limousine service. Meeting, romancing, and seducing women comes as second nature to Alfie. In addition to maintaining a casual relationship with a single mother named Julie  that he refers to as his "semi-regular-quasi-sort-of-girlfriend thing", he also sleeps with various girls on the side, such as the married-yet-neglected-by-her-husband blonde named Dorie  whom he regularly meets for sex after work in the back of his limo. At the first inkling Dorie may desire their liaison to grow into something more, he decides to stop all contact. Alfie ultimately views women as expendable, cutting them loose as soon as he feels they\'re starting to cramp his style. Alfie\'s best friend, Marlon , is also a limo driver in the same company. In addition to their friendship, the two are working on a plan that would eventually see them start their own business. However, for the moment, Marlon is preoccupied with trying to win back his ex-girlfriend, Lonette , who dumped him after he hesitated to commit, and is now, despite his desperate efforts, stubbornly unresponsive to his reconciliation attempts. At a loss for ideas, Marlon eventually turns to Alfie for help by having him put in a good word with Lonette. This takes place late one night following a closing shift in a bar where Lonette is waitressing. As the staff is closing up, Alfie is trying to persuade her to take Marlon back, however, the conversation soon goes in a different direction and eventually after a few drinks, they end up having passionate sex on the pool table. Alfie is so terrified about facing his friend in the event he ever gets the word of what happened, but is amazed and relieved to be told by jubilant Marlon that Lonette got back with him the very next day after her "conversation" with Alfie. Around the same time, as he arrives to Julie\'s place looking for another booty call, Alfie is informed she no longer wants to see him since she found the proof of his infidelity . He seems to take it all in stride with a smile on his face as he disappears down her street. Alfie soon gets another unpleasant piece of news, this time from Lonette: she is pregnant with his child. Without telling Marlon, the two of them visit a clinic in order for her to have an abortion. Soon afterwards, Marlon and Lonette unexpectedly move upstate without even saying goodbye to Alfie. Alfie is then faced with an erectile problem that causes him plenty of embarrassment in front of his next few female conquests. Following repeated failures to achieve an erection with various women, he visits a doctor who performs an examination and reassures him there\'s nothing wrong physically that would stand in his way of achieving one, thus writing his erectile problems off to "probably stress". However, it\'s not all good news as the same doctor locates a lump, indicating a possibility of testicular cancer. Alfie immediately has a test run at the clinic and spends a few anxious days awaiting the results. During one of his trips to the hospital, Alfie meets an older man named Joe  in the clinic bathroom. After a brief conversation during which he reveals he\'s a widower, Joe imparts some life advice to depressed Alfie: "Find somebody to love, and live every day like it\'s your last". This is followed by him offering his card to Alfie "in case he wants someone to talk to". Soon afterwards, luckily, Alfie finds out he doesn\'t have cancer. Alfie takes the whole erection episode followed by a mortal health scare to heart and decides that "aiming higher" in his love life will be his new resolution. To that end, he picks up a beautiful young woman named Nikki  before Christmas, and they quickly embark on a passionate but turbulent relationship against the winter holidays backdrop. Soon after moving in together, Alfie is not happy about having to endure Nikki\'s wild mood swings and reckless behavior that occur as a result of her decision to go off her medication. While beginning to distance himself emotionally from Nikki, he sets his sights on an older woman, Liz , a sultry cosmetics mogul whom he meets in the company of an older man while driving them around. Although Alfie is clearly quite taken with her confident flair and high society ways, she, unlike many of the women in Alfie\'s life, seemingly displays no intent to move their relationship past the physical stage. Unsurprisingly, his infatuation with Liz serves as the final catalyst that leads to the end of his interest in Nikki, who soon moves out of his life. Not long afterwards, a chance meeting with his ex Julie in a coffee shop renews his feelings for her. To his dismay, she\'s now happily involved with someone else, filling Alfie with feelings of regret over his years of thoughtless womanizing. A trip upstate to visit Marlon and his now-wife, Lonette, reveals that she never actually went through with the abortion opting instead to give birth to Alfie\'s child. Alfie also learns that Marlon accepted the baby and cares for it now as though it\'s his biological child, all of which leaves Alfie feeling horrible. Downcast and gloomy, Alfie digs up the number given to him by a man named Joe from the clinic bathroom and calls him up. Walking along the beach together, Joe imparts some words of encouragment to Alfie. He then turns to Liz for reassurance and comfort, but is crushed to discover that she has a new man in her life. Completely rattled, Alfie insists to know what her new boyfriend has that he doesn\'t, to which she, after some initial hesitation, simply states: "he\'s younger than you". Shocked and dismayed by one blow after another, Alfie happens to run into Dorie. She walks by the docks late one night, but at this point he is more interested in a shoulder to lean on than sex. She, however, informs him she\'s moved on, and, though cordial and polite, generally lets him know she wants no part of him anymore. The film ends with Alfie\'s monologue in which he begins to question his shallow self-indulgent lifestyle.'] ['Ravic , is an Austrian doctor who helped Jews escape from the Nazi regime. He was tortured in a concentration camp. In 1939 he is living in Paris, under a false name and without any documents, constantly aware of the risk of being arrested. At night, on one of Paris bridges over the Seine, Ravic meets Joan Madou , a woman about to  attempt suicide, and helps her. This is the start of a romance. But the prickly Ravic has unfinished business with the Nazis, and he is separated from Joan after being discovered as refugee without papers. With no communications possible between them, they each try to manage under difficult circumstances and, when they finally met up again after six months of unexplained absence, there are shadows hanging over their relationship. They cautiously try to mend their broken affair as international events spin out of control around them.'] ["Avi is an ace photographer who is in a live-in relationship with Sonia, a model. One night while returning from a party, the couple accidentally knocks down a young girl with their speeding car. As Sonia was driving the car, to avoid further complications, Avi insists on them fleeing from the accident scene. But trouble starts for the couple soon after. While strange white marks begin to appear in Avi's photos, Sonia starts having spooky experiences. Avi also develops a severe neck pain and even though he does not appear to be overweight, a scale reveals that he weighs 120 kilograms. Avi, too, starts having experiences similar to Sonia's. The couple is petrified when all of Avi's best friends commit suicide in a similar manner. It then comes to light that the spirit haunting them all has a connection to Avi's college life. Meanwhile, Sonia finds out that Avi was friends with a girl named Aarti during his college days. As Avi and Sonia are still being haunted by Aarti they go and visit her, but realize that Aarti is dead, having apparently committed suicide by using a knife. Aarti's mother believes that she is still alive, thinking that she is merely ill and will recover. On the way home Aarti continues to haunt Avi and Sonia, and again during the night at the hotel she also haunts him as Avi is sleeping, ending up with him being thrown off the fire escape. Later Avi is in the hospital and Sonia tells him that Aarti will be cremated, and they visit her funeral before returning to their home town. Sonia finds some photos of Aarti, where she is crawling to get something. As she follows the pattern indicated by Aarti, Sonia discovers that Avi's best friends  are raping Aarti. When Sonia talks to Avi about this dark secret, he tells her that he only wanted Aarti to understand his feelings, but that when his best friends tried to talk to her, Aarti hurt Avi's friend Tarun, who became angry and with his friends raped her. Avi claims that when he entered the room he was shocked at the scene and tried to help her, but that Tarun then said that Avi had asked them to rape her as a way of avoiding jail, and accused Avi of planning to do this to her and having one of Avi's friends taking the pictures. Avi then tells Sonia that the reason he kept the photos was to remind him that he failed to protect Aarti and say he is the guilty one. But Sonia leaves him and wishes him that Aarti may forgive him. Later on Avi attempts to kill himself in the same way his best friends did, but as a Polaroid camera clicks towards him, he sees Aarti sitting on his shoulders. Avi is suddenly thrown through the window, and ends up in hospital, where it is revealed that the reason why she was sitting on his shoulders was that Aarti had still loved Avi. As Sonia makes another photograph of Avi, she speaks to Aarti, asserting that one day she will let go as the reflection in the mirror shows Aarti still leaning on Avi's back."] ['The film begins by following a tour group at a memorial museum dedicated to Nancy Archer. The patrons are shown a film with Dr. Loeb, who explains that the events surrounding Nancy Archer were true. Nancy was an heiress to her mother\'s fortune. Her father, Hamilton Cobb, hopes to use the money to gain control over the town they live in. Nancy sees her psychiatrist, Dr. Cushing, about her low self-esteem and bad marriage to Harry. Her husband frequently spends time with a mistress, Honey Parker, the town beautician. Despite her attempts to confront Harry, Nancy cannot express her anger in a healthy manner, allowing both her husband and father to take advantage of her. While driving one night out in the desert, she sees a UFO, which shines a bright light at her. Even though she knows she would be the town\'s laughing stock, she also knows what she saw was real. She finally convinces Harry to accompany her on another night time drive in the desert, but the UFO nowhere in sight. Suddenly, the ship descends from the sky. Getting out of the car for a closer look, Nancy is trapped by a bright light and disappears along with the UFO. Harry quietly returns to town and doesn\'t even report the kidnapping to the local authorities, Sheriff Denby and deputy Charlie. A dazed Nancy is later found atop of Honey\'s salon and is brought home. Her father is suspicious that Harry left her out in the desert while Harry denies any wrongdoing. Harry accuses Hamilton of neglecting his own wife after she was locked away at a sanitarium. As the two men argue, Nancy loses her temper, yelling that she can speak for herself and her mother. Suddenly, to everyone\'s surprise, she begins to grow, nearly bursting out of her clothes and smashing her head through the ceiling into the attic. The next morning Nancy is relocated to a large stable. There she is introduced to Dr. Loeb. He observed a hormonal surge that occurred during Nancy\'s growth. Scared, Nancy asks that he find a cure, while keeping it a secret. Unable to convince her to move to a "controlled, therapeutic environment," Dr. Loeb explains to Harry that Nancy\'s condition is unique and precarious. The strain of her heart to sustain her new size would make any stress too dangerous for her. This gives Harry an idea in order to get rid of her. As she grows Nancy becomes more self-confident and strong willed, empowered by her new strength over everyone else. Eventually, she invites Harry to dinner and discuss her physical, mental and emotional growth. She thinks it will make their marriage stronger and she has a number of other ideas. Harry, unhinged by Nancy\'s suggestions insults and angers her enough that she faints from the stress, crashing into the stable. Escaping to Honey\'s salon, he celebrates by offering her Nancy\'s diamond necklace. Nancy awakens and walks through the panicked town searching for Harry. Confronting Honey, she encourages her to look beyond her current situation and do more with her life. Capturing Harry, she flees into the desert with National Guard helicopters pursuing her. Stopped by some high voltage power lines and confronted by her father and the authorities, she asserts herself and announces her father\'s ambitions to buy out the town using her money. Due to a miscommunication from the sheriff , a sniper on the helicopter shoots Nancy. Taking a direct hit, she falls onto the power lines, but is rescued and taken away  by the UFO, proving her claims were real. The crowds disperse, with Honey making a business agreement with Hamilton. Dr. Cushing explains to the press that wherever Nancy is, she now has Harry all to herself. Inside the UFO, Harry is forced to undergo therapy with two other men under a tiny dome, watched over by Nancy and two other giantesses.'] ['The film opens out in deep space, where a race of gelatinous creatures abandon their dying world. Pushed through the universe by the solar winds, they make their way to Earth and land in San Francisco. Some fall on plant leaves, assimilating them and forming small pods with pink flowers. Elizabeth Driscoll ([[Brooke Adams , an employee at the San Francisco health department, is one of several people who brings a flower home. The next morning, Elizabeth\'s partner, Geoffrey Howell , suddenly becomes distant, and she senses that something is wrong. Her colleague, health inspector Matthew Bennell , suggests that she see his friend, psychiatrist Dr. David Kibner . Kibner suggests that Elizabeth wants to believe that Geoffrey has changed because she is looking for an excuse to get out of their relationship. Meanwhile, Matthew\'s friend Jack Bellicec , a struggling writer who owns a mud bath with his wife Nancy , discovers a deformed body on one of the beds and calls Matthew to investigate. Noticing that the body  bears a slight resemblance to Jack, Matthew breaks into Elizabeth\'s home and finds a nearly complete double of her in the bedroom garden. He is able to get Elizabeth to safety, but the duplicate body has disappeared by the time he returns with the police. Matthew realizes that what is happening is extraterrestrial, not realizing that Dr. Kibner has also been changed. He calls several state and federal agencies, but they all tell him not to worry. In addition, people who had earlier claimed that their loved ones had changed seem to have been converted as well. That night, Matthew and his friends are nearly duplicated by the pods while they sleep. The pod people try to raid Matthew\'s house, but the humans are able to slip away. During this, they discover that the pod people clones emit a piercing shrill scream once they learn someone is still human among them. Jack and Nancy sacrifice themselves to a crowd of pursuing pod people as a distraction, to give their friends enough time to escape. Matthew and Elizabeth are chased across San Francisco, until they are eventually found by the doubles of Jack and Dr. Kibner at the Health Department. Kibner\'s double tells them that their species is incapable of hating humanity; that what they are doing is the only way for their species to survive and that they are even doing humanity a favor. They are both injected with a sedative to make them sleep. However, the couple is able to overpower them and escape the building. They run into Nancy in the stairwell, who has discovered a way to evade the pod people by hiding all emotion. Outside, Matthew and Elizabeth are exposed as human when Elizabeth screams after seeing a mutant dog with a man\'s face . They flee, and discover a giant warehouse at the docks where the pods are grown. After Matthew and Elizabeth profess their love for each other, they hear "Amazing Grace" being played nearby. Matthew goes out to investigate, only to discover a cargo ship being loaded with hundreds of pods. Matthew returns to find that Elizabeth has fallen asleep. Although he tries to wake her, her body crumbles to dust and Elizabeth\'s naked double arises behind him, telling him to go to sleep as well. With no one left, Matthew destroys the pod-growing facility by cutting the overhead lights. Within moments, the entire warehouse is on fire and the unhatched pods begin to die. He is pointed out by Elizabeth\'s double and hides under a pier while the pod people search for him. The next morning, Matthew watches dozens of children being led into a theater to be replaced. At work he sees Elizabeth, but she is completely oblivious of him. While walking towards city hall, he is spotted by Nancy. Still able to survive after they were caught earlier, she calls his name, to which Matthew responds by pointing to her and emitting the piercing pod scream. With the realization that Matthew is now a pod person, Nancy screams in helpless anguish.'] ['Jesse Lujack  is a cocky, nihilistic drifter in Las Vegas, obsessed with Marvel Silver Surfer comic books, the rock and roll music of Jerry Lee Lewis and Monica Poiccard , a UCLA architecture undergraduate whom he knows only from a weekend fling in Vegas. As the film opens late at night, he steals a Porsche, intending to drive to Los Angeles. As he speeds down the highway and looks through the owner\'s possessions, he discovers an automatic handgun in the vehicle\'s glovebox. Seeing his reckless driving, a policeman gives chase and Jesse is forced off the road and becomes stuck. When the policeman orders him to step away from the car, Lujack impulsively grabs the gun and shoots the officer. Fleeing to Los Angeles, Lujack finds his picture splashed all over the newspaper and TV news as the "cop killer." On the run, under the alias of Jack Burns, he breaks into Monica\'s apartment and waits for her to return home. She discovers him naked in her bed. She initially declines his advances but later has sex with him in her shower. He then moves in with her. She is captivated by this reckless American and resumes her affair with him. However, she is a star student with big plans and Jesse is jealous of the powerful, successful men in her life. After Jesse\'s photograph appears in the newspaper, he is recognized on the street right after dropping Monica off at an architecture-school outing downtown. The police find her and question her on the street. She seems increasingly ambivalent about Jesse, repelled by his instability but drawn to his sense of risk and danger; she does not turn him in. When the police start following her right before Jesse comes back to pick her up, she impulsively accepts his offer to flee to Mexico together. On the way to Mexico, Monica finds that her picture is on the front page of the national newspaper alongside Jesse\'s. Realizing the impossibility of her romantic fantasy, she phones the police, but then returns to tell him she did so and plead with him. The police corner them on the street, and he sings Jerry Lee Lewis\' "Breathless" to her before grabbing a gun from the ground at his feet as she runs towards him. The film ends in a freeze-frame of Jesse turning to face the police with the gun.'] ['A man calling himself "Ryder" , along with three other heavily armed men Bashkim , Emri  and former train operator Phil Ramos , take Pelham 123, a {{NYCS}} that had departed from Pelham Bay Park Station at 1:23 p.m, uncoupling the front car from the rest of the train and taking the passengers hostage. MTA employee Walter Garber , a former assistant chief transportation officer, is working the Rail Control Center as a train dispatcher and receives the ransom call from Ryder, who demands $10 million in cash be paid within 60 minutes, and warns that for every minute past the deadline they force Ryder to wait, he will execute a hostage. Bashkim kills a plainclothes Transit Police officer attempting to arrest him. He and Ramos then allow all the people not in the front car to be released except for motorman Jerry Pollard . Garber reluctantly negotiates with Ryder and develops a rapport, while Ramos and Emri set up a wi-fi booster apparatus to enable Ryder internet access in the tunnel on his laptop computer. He uses it to watch the Dow Jones Industrial Average plunge nearly 1,000 points during the next hour in response to the taking. The booster also reconnects one of the passenger\'s laptop after it was casually knocked to the floor by the hijackers; its webcam facing the car\'s interior. The link reestablishes the passenger\'s videochat to his girlfriend\'s desktop, which she then gives to a local television station, allowing the authorities to use it as a live feed. It also allows the people at RCC to see what\'s going on; they see Ramos and Ryder later on. Lieutenant Camonetti  of the NYPD Emergency Service Unit, also known as the Hostage Negotiation Team, enters RCC to take over negotiations and Garber is ordered by his boss to leave the premises. The change infuriates Ryder, who shoots and kills the train\'s motorman in order to force Camonetti to bring Garber back. Camonetti learns Garber is being investigated for allegedly accepting a $35,000 bribe to recommend a Japanese car manufacturer for the next subway car contract, thus his demotion to train dispatching. He becomes suspicious and asks Garber to consent to a search of his home. Ryder also discovers the allegations through online news reports and forces Garber to confess by threatening to kill a passenger. Garber explains he took the bribe to pay his kids\' tuition. The Mayor  agrees to pay Ryder\'s ransom demand and orders cash from the Federal Reserve to be rushed to Vanderbilt Ave and 42nd Street to be delivered. The police transport delivering the money is involved in an accident and, despite the efforts of police motorcyclists, they fail to deliver within the deadline. Garber tries to bluff and tells Ryder that the tunnel was the only thing separating him from the money, unaware that Ryder could see the outside of Grand Central Terminal via his laptop. For lying, Ryder threatens to execute one of the children hostages and the child\'s mother, however another hostage, who was a former US Army Air-Assault Soldier, intervenes and instead gets shot by Ryder. A short gunfight then erupts, where in a NYPD sniper is bitten by a rat and accidentally fires his gun and kills Ramos. Based on several clues that Garber receives during the conversation, the NYPD discover that Ryder\'s real name is Dennis Ford, a former manager of a private equity firm, who was sentenced to 10 years in prison for investment fraud for stealing from the city pension fund. Although Ford had accepted the prosecution\'s 3-year plea bargain agreement, he received a sentence of 10 years from the judge. One of the Mayor\'s aides mentions the extreme drop in the major stock indexes, the Dow Jones Industrial Average and the Nasdaq Composite, due to the news coverage of the hostage-taking, which some in the media have suspected to be terrorism. The Mayor deduces that such an event would allow Ryder to make spectacular returns if he bet against the market that day , so he asks the SEC to identify major trades on put options. Garber is flown to Grand Central Terminal, the closest station to the takers\' location, when Ryder demands he personally deliver the ransom. Garber accepts a concealed pistol from a police officer and drops off the money. Ryder brings him aboard and orders him to operate the train to the next station, where he and the hijackers exit the train during a brief railroad switch stop. To ensure that the police follow the train , Ryder uses a special mechanism to lock the driving lever in the full-speed position, bypassing the dead-man\'s switch. Per Ryder\'s demands, the signals have been set to green and the train speeds ahead towards Coney Island. Garber manages to separate himself from the takers at a railway crossing and then follows them as they escape to the emergency exit inside the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel. Ryder parts ways with Bashkim and Emri, who are later shot dead via suicide by cop after being surrounded by police. The runaway train\'s automatic brake is tripped by an unaltered red signal one station from Coney Island and it comes to a halt safely. Police learn Ryder is not on board. Ryder hails a taxi while Garber, who gets a truck, is in close pursuit. Ryder checks his laptop and finds that his $2 million investment in gold derivatives has amassed him a $307 million profit. Ryder leaves the cab on the Manhattan Bridge amid traffic and takes the bridge\'s pedestrian walkway but Garber catches up to him. As Garber holds Ryder at gunpoint, Ryder says that he is not going back to prison and gives him a 10 second ultimatum to kill him, before the other NYPD officers catch up to them. As he reaches the final seconds of the countdown, Ryder pulls out his gun in a provocative gesture which forces Garber to shoot. With his dying breath, Ryder calls Garber his hero as NYPD officers arrive on scene. Afterward, the mayor thanks Garber for saving the hostages, and hints the city will support him in the bribery investigation. Garber is later seen coming home with groceries, including a half-gallon of milk he promised his wife he\'d bring home during an earlier phone call.'] ['After meeting on a flight to Sydney, ex-football star Mike Gambril and singer Terry McKay, each of whom is engaged to be married to someone else. During the trip the plane has to make an emergency landing and all the passengers have to wait until a piece of equipment is delivered so the plane can be fixed. Mike and Terry visit his elderly aunt Ginny  and during that time they both see each other with new eyes and fall in love. When they reach New York City they agree to reunite at the top of the Empire State Building in three months\' time, although it is "not the tallest building" in the world anymore, they cannot miss it. On the day of their rendezvous, Terry, in her haste to reach the Empire State Building, is struck down by a car while crossing a street. Gravely injured, she is rushed to the hospital. Meanwhile Mike, waiting for her at the observation deck at the top of the building, is unaware of the accident and, after many hours, finally concedes at midnight that she will not arrive, believing that she has rejected him. After the accident Terry, now unable to walk, refuses to contact Mike, wanting to conceal her disability. Instead, she finds work as a music teacher. Six months after the accident, she sees Mike with his former fiancée at the ballet, which she herself is attending with her former boyfriend. Mike does not notice her condition because she is seated and only says hello as he passes her. Mike finally learns Terry\'s address and, on Christmas Eve, makes a surprise visit to her. Although he steers the conversation to make her explain her actions, Terry merely dodges the subject, never leaving the couch on which she sits. As he is leaving Mike mentions a painting that he had done of her which had that afternoon been given away to a woman who liked it. He is about to say that the woman was in a wheelchair when he pauses suddenly, realizing the position Terry is in. He walks into her bedroom and sees his painting hanging on the wall. His expression changes. He now knows why she did not keep their appointment. The film ends with the two in a tight embrace, realizing the truth.'] ['Seth is one of many angels who watch over humans and protect them in unseen ways. Seth\'s main responsibility is to appear to those who are close to death and guide them to the next life. As part of this task, Seth and one of his fellow angels, Cassiel , like to ask people what their favorite thing in life was. But despite their daily encounters, they appear to have trouble understanding human beings and their ways. While waiting to escort to the other world a man who will not survive heart surgery, Seth is impressed by the vigorous efforts of the surgeon, Maggie Rice , to save the ill-fated man\'s life and her sincere anguish at her failure to do so. Seth soon becomes preoccupied with Maggie and decides to become visible to her despite his obvious inability to give her many convincing details about himself, such as what he does for a living or even his last name. Despite this, they develop a friendship which soon turns to mutual attraction, although Maggie is already involved with one of her colleagues, Jordan Ferris , at the hospital. Seth then meets Nathaniel Messinger , one of Maggie\'s patients, who can sense Seth\'s presence and that of other angels. Nathaniel soon relates to Seth that he, too, had once been an angel but, by way of the free will granted to angels, decided to become human through the process he refers to as "falling". Seth begins to consider exercising this option so that he can be with Maggie in a fully physical and emotional relationship. When Maggie receives a marriage proposal from Jordan, she finds herself having to choose between him and Seth. Having realized that Seth is impervious to injury, Maggie finally confronts him and demands to know who or what he really is, but she is unable to accept the revelation and sends him away. Maggie later talks about Seth with Nathaniel who gradually reveals his own angelic origin. He explains to her why he himself chose to become human and points out that Seth is thinking of doing the same. Seth decides to become human through the symbolic gesture of jumping from the top of a skyscraper. Immediately upon awakening from the jump, he starts to experience all of the human feelings and sensations that he had never been able to understand, beginning with physical injury and pain. Up until this point, Seth\'s personality and emotions, like those of all the other angels, have been very subdued, but that starts to change. Now human, Seth has to find his way to the hospital to see Maggie, but he is told that she has gone to her uncle\'s mountain cabin for a break. Penniless and naive, he cannot pay for the journey and ends up getting mugged and having his boots taken from his feet by a gang of roving predators. He eventually hitches a ride to Lake Tahoe and appears, soaked and cold, at Maggie\'s doorstep. Seeing the split lip and condensed breath coming from his mouth in the cold air, Maggie realizes that he has given up his exalted status for her love. She sees to his wounds and then they enjoy warm, passionate lovemaking at last. The next morning, as Seth is in the shower, enjoying his first sensation of running hot water on his body, Maggie rides her bike to a local store to buy some pears for him. On her way back, happy and fulfilled, she rides her bike with her eyes closed and her arms wide open to the Autumn sunlight and her bright future with Seth. Her happiness is cut short by a truck that catches her by surprise when it pulls out in front of her. Seth senses that Maggie is in trouble and runs to her aid. He arrives in time for Maggie to tell him that she sees the angel who has come to escort her away. Although Seth is no longer able to see the angels, he knows they are there and begs Maggie not to look at them. Maggie tells him that she is not afraid anymore and that when they will ask her what her favorite thing in life used to be, she will say it was Seth. Seth now is experiencing the human side of loss and death. He questions if he is being punished for leaving heaven to be a human, when he was meant to stay where he was. Now grieving and alone, Seth is visited by Cassiel. Cassiel offers comfort and asks Seth if he knew this would happen, would he still decide to become human. Seth answers: {{cquote}} Seth mourns for Maggie and begins a difficult adjustment to his new life. The final scene recalls an earlier one with Nathaniel. It shows Seth at the beach where the angels meet every day at dawn to listen to the celestial music. With Cassiel and the rest of the angels watching, Seth expresses his joy in being human and the fact that he has come to terms with his new life by running into the water and playing in the waves. In a rare moment of emotion, Cassiel is seen laughing joyfully for his old friend.'] ["Louisiana newspaper reporter Jack Burden takes a personal interest in Willie Stark, an idealistic small-town lawyer. Circumstances develop that result in Stark's being urged to run for governor by a local political leader, Tiny Duffy. Jack has been raised around politics. He is the former lover of Anne Stanton, whose father was once governor. Jack was raised by Judge Irwin, his stepfather, an honorable man. In time, Jack and political strategist Sadie Burke reveal to Stark that he is actually a dupe in the governor's race, expected to split the vote, spout the party line and lose. This opens his eyes to the realities of politics, and he vows not to be fooled again. He defies Duffy publicly and begins to give speeches with straightforward talk that the public appreciates. He becomes governor in the next election, using any means necessary. Duffy now works for him as lieutenant governor. He also has a silent, menacing driver and bodyguard called Sugar Boy. Finally, he encourages Jack to come work for him as an adviser. Judge Irwin disapproves, seeing Stark as an opportunist. Anne Stanton seems to agree and so does her brother, Dr. Adam Stanton. Willie Stark is a persuasive man, however, and knows how to get his way. He has a pet project, building a new hospital, and convinces Dr. Stanton to run it for him. He also begins an affair with Anne Stanton, provoking Sadie's jealousy and Jack's disappointment. Criticized publicly by Judge Irwin and embroiled in increasing political controversy, Stark demands that Jack dig up dirt on the judge to be used against him. Jack insists that no such dirt exists, but he does manage to uncover the fact that many years ago, Judge Irwin accepted a bribe. Following this revelation, the judge commits suicide. Stark has now come to embrace various forms of corruption and uses patronage and intimidation to get his way. Dr. Stanton is told that the hospital is a front for the governor's own personal and political gain , and finds out about Stark's relationship with his sister. He lies in wait at the state capitol, and assassinates Stark, but is then shot and killed by Stark`s bodyguard."] ['Set in 1934 Paris, the film opens with Richard Di Nardo, a young hustler, emerging from the bed of gay middle-aged Carroll Todd, aka Toddy; Richard dresses, takes money from Toddy\'s wallet and leaves Toddy\'s apartment. Going about his day, Toddy, a performer at Chez Lui in Paris, sees Labisse, the club owner, auditioning a frail, impoverished soprano, Victoria Grant. After the audition, Labisse drily writes her off, and she responds by sustaining a pitch to shatter his wine glass using resonant frequency. That night, Richard comes to Chez Lui as part of a straight foursome and Toddy incites a brawl by insulting Richard and the women in his group. Labisse fires Toddy and bans him from the club. Walking home, he spots Victoria dining at a restaurant, and she invites him to join her. As neither of them can pay for the meal, she dumps a cockroach in her salad to avoid paying their check, but it escapes and the whole place breaks out in havoc. The duo run out through the rain to Toddy\'s, and he invites her to stay when she finds that the rain has shrunken her cheap clothes. The next morning Richard shows up to collect his things. Victoria, who is wearing his clothes, hides in Toddy\'s closet. When she thinks that Richard might harm Toddy, she ambushes Richard and literally kicks him out. Witnessing this, Toddy is struck with the inspiration of passing Victoria off as a man  and presenting her to Andre Cassell, the most successful agent in Paris, as a female impersonator. Cassell accepts her as Count Victor Grazinski, a gay Polish female impersonator and Toddy\'s new boyfriend. Cassell gets her an initial nightclub show and invites a collection of club owners to the opening. Among the guests is King Marchand, an owner of multiple clubs in Chicago, who is in league with the mob. King attends with his ditzy moll Norma Cassidy and burly bodyguard Bernstein, aka Squash. Victor is a hit, and King is smitten, but devastated and incredulous when she is "revealed" as a man at the end of her act. King is convinced that "Victor" is not a man. After a quarrel with Norma and his subsequent failure with her later that night, King sends her back to America. Determined to get the truth of Victor\'s gender, King sneaks into Victoria and Toddy\'s suite and confirms his suspicion when he spies her getting into the bath. He keeps his knowledge secret and invites Victoria, Toddy, and Cassell to Chez Lui, where Toddy is now welcomed due to Victor\'s status as a big star. Another fight breaks out and Squash and Toddy are arrested with the bulk of the club clientelle, but King and Victoria escape, leading them to get together. Squash returns to the suite and catches King with Victoria in bed. King tries to explain, but soon receives a shocker himself - Squash reveals himself to be gay. Meanwhile, Labisse hires a P.I., Charles Bovin, to investigate Victor. Victoria and King live together for awhile, but keeping up the public act of Victoria being a man strains the relationship and King ends it. Back in Chicago, Norma tells King\'s club partner Sal Andretti , that King is having a gay affair with Victor. At the same time that Victoria has decided to give up the persona of Victor in order to be with King, Sal arrives and demands that King transfer his share of the empire to Sal for a small portion of its worth. Squash tells Victoria what\'s happening, and she interrupts the paperwork signing to show Norma that she is really a woman, and prevent King from having to lose his stake. That night at the club Cassell tells Toddy and Victoria that Labisse has lodged a complaint against him and "Victor" for perpetrating a fraud. The Inspector confirms to Labisse that the performer is a man and Labisse is an idiot. In the end, Victoria joins King in the club as her real self. King is stunned, as moments earlier, the announcer had said that Victor is going to perform. It is revealed that Toddy is masquerading as Victor. After an intentionally disastrous, but hilarious performance, Toddy claims that this is his last performance. The film ends with King, Squash, Victoria, Cassell and the public applauding enthusiastically.'] ['A stranger arrives at the little Mexican border town of San Miguel. An innkeeper, Silvanito, tells the Stranger about the bitter feud between two families vying to gain control of the town: on the one side, the Rojo brothers, consisting of Don Miguel , Esteban , and Ramón ; on the other, the family of the town sheriff, John Baxter The Stranger, spying an opportunity to make money from the situation, decides to play both families against each other. His opportunity comes when a detachment of Mexican soldiers escorting a shipment of gold passes through the town. The gold is ostensibly being delivered to a troop of American soldiers in exchange for weapons, but following the Mexican troops out of town, the Stranger witnesses them being massacred by members of the Rojo gang, dressed in American uniforms and led by Ramon Rojo. The Rojos take the gold. The Stranger takes two of the bodies to a nearby cemetery and sells information to both sides that two Mexican soldiers survived the attack. Both sides race to the cemetery, the Baxters to get the "survivors" to testify against the Rojos, the Rojos to silence them. The factions engage in a fierce gunfight, with Ramon managing to "kill" the "survivors" and Esteban capturing John Baxter\'s son, Antonio. While the Rojos and the Baxters are fighting, the Stranger searches the Rojo hacienda for the gold but accidentally knocks out Ramón\'s beautiful prisoner and unwilling mistress, Marisol, when she surprises him. He takes her to the Baxters, who, in turn, arrange to return her to the Rojos in exchange for Antonio. During the exchange, the Stranger learns Marisol\'s history from Silvanito: "... a happy little family until trouble comes along. And trouble is the name of Ramon, claiming the husband cheated at cards, which wasn\'t true. He gets the wife to live with him as hostage." That night, while the Rojos are celebrating, the Stranger rides out and frees Marisol, shooting the guards and wrecking the house in which she is being held in order to make it appear as if it were attacked by the Baxters. The Stranger tells Marisol, her husband, and their son to leave town, at the same time giving them some money to tide them over. Marisol asks the Stranger, "Why do you do this for us?", and for the first and only time the Stranger provides an insight into his actions: "Why? Because I knew someone like you once. There was no one there to help." Discovering that he freed Marisol, the Rojos capture and beat the Stranger, but he escapes, killing Chico in the process. Believing the Stranger to be protected by the Baxters, the Rojos set fire to the Baxter home and massacre all the residents as they are forced to flee. Among the dead are John Baxter, his wife, Consuelo, and Antonio. Now the only gang left in San Miguel, the Rojos confront and beat Silvanito, who they think is hiding the Stranger. The Stranger returns to town, where he faces the Rojos in a dramatic showdown. With a steel chest plate hidden beneath his poncho, he taunts Ramon to "aim for the heart" as Ramon\'s rifle shots bounce off. Killing all present except Ramon, the Stranger challenges Ramon to reload his rifle faster than he, the Stranger, can reload his pistol. He then shoots and kills Ramon. Esteban Rojo, unseen by the Stranger and aiming at him from a nearby building, is shot dead by Silvanito. The Stranger says his goodbyes and rides from the town.'] ["In India to purchase some horses, British aristocrat, Lord Esketh and his wife, Edwina , come to the town of Ranchipur at the invitation of the elderly Maharani. Their marriage is an unhappy one and Lord Esketh announces his intention to return to England and begin divorce proceedings. The spoiled, insensitive Edwina scoffs at this. She renews in Ranchipur an acquaintance with a former lover, Tom Ransome, now a dissolute alcoholic. She also meets and attempts to seduce a distinguished Hindu physician, Dr. Rama Safti, a decent man who is the elderly Maharani's personal choice to succeed her someday. Safti at first resists, but ultimately succumbs to Edwina's charms and falls hopelessly in love with her. Lord Esketh becomes aware of this, but Safti saves him from a man-eating tiger during a safari. Safti admits his love for Edwina to Lord Esketh, who is now sympathetic toward this good man's plight. Ransome feels the same way, warning Edwina to stay away from Safti, a friend he admires. Edwina similarly falls into disfavor with the Maharani, who explains that Safti has been raised to lead a pure life and that Edwina is unworthy of him. Ranchipur suddenly is ravaged by a natural disaster, an earthquake and flood. Dr. Safti is so busy saving lives that he cannot personally care for Edwina, who has fallen ill. Ransome looks after her as well as for young Fern Simon, who has declared her love for him. When a dam is exploded by dynamite and as a result the flood waters recede, it is Dr. Safti who reveals that Ransome is the one who risked his personal safety to save the people of Ranchipur. Edwina tries to explain to the Maharani that her love for Safti has become true, so much so that she will make the sacrifice of leaving him for his own good. She drives away from Ranchipur with her husband."] ['A man staggers into the police station to report a murder. When the desk sergeant asks who was murdered, he answers: "I was." That man is Professor Dexter Cornell , who then sits down to video-tape his account. Thirty-six hours previously, Cornell, is on campus. He is a college professor, was once a promising writer, made his name and is secure in his tenure, but he has spent the last four years going though the motions and playing it safe. "Publish or perish" is the contrasting rule of university politics and Cornell helps his friend Hal Petersham ([[Daniel Stern  with his first book. While he is in his office, a promising student, Nick Lang , jumps off a building right outside his office in an apparent suicide. This is coupled with the depressing Christmas season, unseasonably hot weather and the divorce papers given to him by his wife Gail  in leading Cornell to the local bars for a night of drinking. There he meets admiring student Sydney Fuller  and they proceed to get drunk. The next morning, Cornell, feeling his sickness is more than just a hangover, stops by the campus medical clinic for a checkup. After running some tests, they discover that he has been poisoned and has 36 hours to live. An incredulous Cornell staggers out to try to make sense of it all. Aided by Fuller, whom he kidnaps by super-gluing himself to her arm, he attempts to recreate the events of the previous night hoping to discover who could have murdered him. The list of suspects includes his wife, who is also the victim of a murder, which the police make half-hearted efforts to pin on Cornell. It is learned that Lang was not a suicide but was also murdered. Cornell also suspects Lang\'s mentor Mrs. Fitzwaring , Bernard  the Fitzwarings\' chauffeur and Graham Corey , a jealous co-worker. In the end, at the police station, Cornell has solved the crime. He staggers out to meet his fate.'] [' 12-year-old Dre Parker and his mother Sherry move to Beijing from Detroit after she gets a job transfer. Dre develops a crush on a young violinist, Mei Ying, who reciprocates his attention, but Cheng, a rebellious kung fu prodigy whose family is close to Mei Ying\'s, attempts to keep them apart by beating Dre, and later bullies him at school. After a field trip to the Forbidden City, Dre encounters Cheng and his friends hanging out close to his apartment. Dre tries to pass by without them seeing him. When he finds a bucket of water catching overflow from a steam vent, Dre gets revenge by splashing dirty water over Cheng. Cheng and the others catch Dre and beat him. During the attack, the enigmatic maintenance man of Dre\'s building, Mr. Han, comes to Dre\'s aid, revealing himself as a kung fu master who dispatches Dre\'s tormentors. After Han mends Dre\'s injuries using fire cupping, Dre asks if Mr. Han could teach him kung fu. Han refuses, but meets Cheng\'s teacher, Master Li, to make peace. Li, who teaches his students to show no mercy to their enemies, challenges Dre to a fight with Cheng. When Han declines, Li says they will not be allowed to leave his school unless Dre or Han fights. Han acquiesces, but insists the fight take place at an upcoming tournament, and that Li\'s students leave Dre alone until the tournament. Li agrees, but tells Han that if Dre does not show up during the tournament he will personally bring pain to Han and Dre. Dre is shocked when Han tells him that he will fight in a kung fu tournament. Han promises to teach Dre "real" kung fu. Han begins training Dre, but Dre is frustrated that Han merely has him spend hours taking off his jacket, hanging it up, dropping it and putting it on again. After days of this, Dre refuses to continue until Han demonstrates that the repetitive arm movements were Han\'s method of teaching Dre martial arts techniques, which Dre displays instinctively when prompted by Han\'s mock attacks. Han emphasizes that the movements Dre is learning apply to life in general, and that serenity and maturity, not punches and power, are the true keys to mastering the martial arts. As Dre\'s friendship with Mei Ying continues, Dre persuades Mei Ying to cut school for a day of fun, but when she is nearly late for her violin audition which was preceded in a day without their knowledge, her parents deem him a bad influence and forbid her from spending more time with him. When Dre finds Han drunk, despondent and breaking the car he had in his living room, Dre learns that it is the anniversary of Han\'s wife and son\'s deaths, which occurred when he lost control of the car due to anger caused from an argument he was having with his wife. Dre reminds Han that one of his lessons was in perseverance, and that Han needs to heal from his loss. Han assists Dre in reading a note of apology to Mei Ying\'s father in Chinese; he accepts and promises that he and Mei Ying will attend the tournament to support Dre. At the tournament, the under-confident Dre is slow to achieve parity with his opponents, but soon begins beating them and advances to the semifinals, as does Cheng, who violently finishes off his opponents. Dre comes up against Liang, another of Li\'s students, who is instructed by Li to injure Dre\'s leg. When Liang insists that he can beat Dre, Li sternly tells him that he does not want him beaten, but broken. Although Liang is disqualified for his illegal strikes and insubordination, Dre is badly injured. Despite Han\'s insistence that he has earned respect for his performance, Dre convinces Han to mend his leg by using fire cupping in order to continue. Dre returns to the arena, facing Cheng. Dre delivers impressive blows, but Cheng counters with a strike to Dre\'s injured leg. Dre struggles to get up, and attempts the reflection technique to manipulate Cheng into changing his attack stance. Cheng charges Dre, but Dre flips and catches Cheng with a kick to his head, winning the tournament along with the respect of Cheng and his classmates. Cheng awards Dre the trophy, instead of the presenter and the Fighting Dragon students bow to Mr.Han.'] ["On November 13, 1974, at 3:15am, Ronald DeFeo, Jr. shot and killed his family at their home, 112 Ocean Avenue in Amityville, New York. He killed five members of his family in their beds, but his youngest sister, Jodie, had been killed in her bedroom closet. He claimed that he was persuaded to kill them by voices he had heard in the house. George and Kathy Lutz and her three children from a previous marriage, Billy, Michael and Chelsea move into what they believe will be their dream home, 112 Ocean Avenue situated on the waterfront in Amityville. When George questions the asking price, which is well below market value, the realtor confesses the house was the scene of a brutal murder. Despite some misgivings, George acquiesces to his wife's wishes and purchases the property. Almost immediately, the family is plagued by a series of unexplained and apparently supernatural happenings. Refrigerator magnets rearrange themselves to spell out the message KATCH EM, KILL EM. Daughter Chelsea  claims that she had befriended with a girl named Jodie, the same name of one of the slaughtered DeFeo children. Chelsea also inexplicably acquires Jodie's teddy bear, with whom Jodie was buried. George frequently complains of the cold and starts spending large amounts of time in the basement, where he hears garbled voices coming from the furnace, an old television, and an unplugged clock radio reading 3:15, the time the DeFeos supposedly were killed. The locked boathouse door repeatedly is found open, blood seeps from the walls, George momentarily sees an apparition of Jodie behind Kathy as the digital clock from the basement, now by their bed, flicks from 3:14 to 3:15 am and the family dog incessantly barks at things only he can see. Babysitter Lisa is trapped in a bedroom closet that has a door with no lock yet will not open, and when she is finally released, hysterically insists she saw Jodie, who took her finger and put it inside her wound to the head. At Kathy's behest, local priest Father Callaway comes to bless the house, but is driven away when his holy water sizzles as it hits the walls and he is attacked by a swarm of flies. He later tells Kathy the battered stuffed animal Chelsea has, belonged to Jodie DeFeo and was buried with her. George's behavior becomes increasingly bizarre, and he begins to mistreat and taunt his stepchildren he once clearly adored. As the paranormal events escalate, Kathy decides to research the history of her home in the library's public records. There she discovers it once belonged to a mysterious cult preacher named Father Katchem , who tortured and killed Native Americans in the basement. Upon investigating she finds numerous bodies in the walls of the house. Kathy is convinced the man's evil spirit has taken control of her husband. By the urgent request of Father Callaway, she races home to remove her children from the house and take them to safety. Meanwhile, George has broken through the basement wall and discovered a secret chamber, where he has visions of Father Katchem and his numerous victims. Apparently possessed and no longer able to control his impulses, George chases his family with a shotgun. In a desperate struggle, George screams for Kathy to kill him, but Kathy manages to knock him out and with the help of the children binds his hands and feet and carries him to the boathouse, from which they make their escape by water. George regains consciousness and urges Kathy to get them as far away from the house as possible. A note comes below the screen, which tells viewers - how Lutz family left the house within 28 days of their stay and never came back, leaving their things behind. Jodie is seen standing in the front doorway. As she starts screaming and crying, the clocks throughout the house reset themselves to 3:15, misplaced objects go back to where they were and the girl is pulled through the hallway floor by an unknown force. The evil spirits had gone and now, the Lutz family can live in peace in a different state."] ["Sam Bowden  is a lawyer in the quiet town of New Essex, North Carolina. Max Cady  is a former client whom Bowden had defended fourteen years previously when he was working as a public defender in Atlanta. Cady, who was being tried for the rape and battery of a young woman, was illiterate at the time and unable to read a report Bowden had kept hidden from the court, which revealed that the victim was promiscuous. The report might have lightened Cady's sentence or even acquitted him had Bowden brought it to light. Bowden had kept it hidden because he was appalled by the sheer violence in Cady's crime and wanted him to serve a severe sentence. After his release from prison, Cady tracks down Bowden. The former convict learned to read and studied law in prison, and even assumed his own defense, unsuccessfully appealing his conviction several times. Cady hints strongly that he has learned about Bowden burying the report, stating that the judge and prosecutor in his case did their jobs while Bowden betrayed his own client. Several incidents involving Cady begin to impact the Bowden family, which consists of Bowden's wife Leigh  and their teenage daughter Danielle . The family dog, Ben, is mysteriously poisoned. Cady is seen at night perched on the wall just outside the Bowden property limits. Bowden attempts to have Cady arrested, but local police lieutenant Elgart  reminds Bowden that there is no evidence Cady has committed any crime. At a bar, Cady meets Lori Davis , a female colleague of Bowden with whom Bowden may or may not be having a love affair. Later at her house, Cady cuffs her hands behind her back, breaks her arm, bites a chunk of flesh from her cheek and brutally rapes her. Lori refuses to press charges against Cady, fearful that she will be publicly questioned about her sexual history. Cady next approaches Danielle at her school by pretending to be her new drama teacher and goes as far as kissing her. Bowden, finally having had enough, hires private investigator Claude Kersek  to follow Cady. Bowden also approaches Cady in a restaurant and gives him a firm warning to leave him and his family alone or suffer the consequences. Cady refuses to give in, and he secretly tapes the conversation with a recorder hidden under the table. Kersek eventually persuades Bowden to hire three men to beat Cady in an effort to intimidate him but, as Bowden watches from a hiding place, Cady quickly turns the tide on his attackers and viciously beats them. Cady hears Bowden from behind his hiding spot and steadily approaches him, intimidating him with psychotic ramblings and Biblical passages, but decides to leave. Cady uses the recording of Bowden's threat and an exaggerated display of his own injuries to file for a restraining order against Bowden. Cady's new lawyer, Lee Heller , also files a complaint with the North Carolina State Bar, vowing to have Bowden disbarred from practicing law. Kersek reasons that Cady may try to enter the Bowden house during Bowden's appearance at a bar hearing out of town. They fake Bowden's departure and hide in the house, hoping that Cady will break in so that he can be shot in self-defense. As they wait, Cady, disguised as the maid Graciella , attacks and kills Kersek in the kitchen. Bowden, Leigh, and Dani discover his body, as well as that of Graciella. Horrified, they flee in their car to their house-boat, which is docked upstate along Cape Fear. Cady follows them by tying himself to the chassis of the Bowdens' car. That night, he attacks the family on the boat, beating and tying up Bowden, and prepares to rape both Leigh and Dani while Bowden watches. When Leigh offers herself in Dani's place, Dani sprays Cady with lighter fluid while he lights a cigar, engulfing him in flames and causing him to jump off the boat in order to extinguish the fire. However, Cady clings to a rope tied to the boat and pulls himself back on board. As the boat is rocked by a violent storm, Cady ferociously confronts Bowden with a mock trial. Bowden finally admits to having buried the potentially exculpatory report but counters that the woman's promiscuity was no justification to defend a rape. An enraged Cady prepares to kill Bowden, but the storm and the river's harsh current knocks Cady off his feet, allowing Bowden to gain the upper hand once the women make it to shore. The two men fight furiously, until Bowden finally manages to use Cady's handcuffs to shackle Cady to the boat. When the boat hits a stationary rock and is destroyed, the fight continues on shore. Bowden almost crushes Cady's head with a large stone, however a raging tide carries Cady away, madly screaming in tongues. Bowden watches as the piece of boat sinks to the bottom of the river, taking the still-shackled Cady with it, and then performs a cathartic washing of his blood from his hands before rejoining Leigh and Dani further up the river-bank."] ['A young woman on a train eyes a nervous man. In a flash, he is chased down the train and the young woman slices him in half. She is Saya , a four hundred year-old skilled half human-half vampire samurai who hunts vampires. Raised by a man named Kato , she works loosely with an organization known as "The Council", a secret society that has been hunting vampires for centuries. Saya\'s motivation goes beyond duty; she wants revenge; Onigen , the oldest of the vampires, murdered her father. For her next mission, she goes undercover as a student in Kanto High School near an Air Base in America. When she is introduced in her class, Saya\'s appearance quickly attracts the negative attention of a female classmate, Sharon . The daughter of the base\'s general Alice McKee  is also bothered with the attention. At her school, she finds herself being mocked. Alice is asked by her Kendo instructor Powell  to stay for the Kendo practice due to her poor performance. As soon as the teacher leaves, she finds herself at the mercy of Sharon and her sidekick friend who wield sharp bladed katanas to taunt and torment her. An elaborate fight sequence ensues. Saya shows up just in time to stop Sharon from slashing Alice’s throat. Despite Saya’s effort to disguise her activity, Alice sees Sharon and her friend being butchered. However it is soon revealed that Sharon and her friend are vampires in disguise. Because "The Council" cleans up the bodies of the demons, Alice\'s father does not believe her story. Determined to make her own investigation, Alice goes to the bar where her Kendo instructor usually hangs out. To her horror, her instructor as well as the rest of the people in the bar turned out to be vampires. Once again Saya came to her rescue and had to fight off hordes of vampires surrounding them. General Mckee ([[Larry Lamb  investigates "The Council", who disguise themselves as CIA. Alice arrived just in time to witness her father’s death. Her dying father gave her Saya’s address. With nowhere else to go, Alice decides to seek Saya\'s help. Fortunately Saya never swore loyalty to CIA and protects Alice instead. The two of them flee the area and went off to the mountains to find and slay Onigen. In their pursuit, Alice and Saya are run off the side of the road by an attacking demon and they fall into a ravine. When Alice and Saya awaken they are in Ancient Japan where Saya was raised. Onigen appears, who reveals her true identity as Saya\'s mother, and fights Saya. Saya slays Onigen. Alice, who is injured during the fighting, wakes up to find herself at the wreckage of the truck being carried into an ambulance. Later she is interviewed about the events surrounding her father\'s death, but her interviewer does not believe her story about the vampires or the Council. When asked about where Saya is, Alice answers that she is "searching for a way back from the other side of the looking glass."'] ['Six prep college students and a biker couple travel south towards Daytona Beach for Spring Break, but a detour leads them into the seemingly idyllic Georgia town of Pleasant Valley, which is holding its annual "Guts and Glory Jubilee" in honor of the American Civil War. While they stay in the town, completely isolated from the outside world, they are systematically separated and killed in gory fashion by the town\'s residents. Two students manage to escape, but upon alerting the authorities they learn that "Pleasant Valley" is nothing but a cemetery - a memorial for 2001 Confederate villagers who were massacred 140 years earlier during the Civil War. A plaque reveals that the town\'s residents will not rest until the crime has been paid back: 2001 villagers were killed, 2001 Yankees must be killed - an eye for an eye. As the two students drive away on their motorcycle, they are decapitated by barbed wire. The heads are picked up by Hucklebilly who walks down the road and fades away.'] ['Professional football player Terry Brogan  is released by his team, the  Los Angeles Outlaws. Aging, injured and in need of money, he is contacted by an old acquaintance, the shady gambler and nightclub owner Jake Wise , who wants him to find Jake\'s girlfriend Jessie Wyler , daughter of the Outlaws\' owner. Jake claims that Jessie assaulted him, stole money and fled. Terry is reluctant to take on the job, but needs the money and is reminded by Wise that Wise is capable of blackmailing him. Terry gets in touch with Jessie\'s mother , ostensibly to find out where Jessie can be found, but mainly to convince Mrs. Wyler and her business partner Ben Caxton  to reinstate him on the team. Mrs. Wyler makes clear that she has no interest in his football career. She\'s willing to pay him more than Jake would if he will find Jessie for her, rather than for Jake. Beyond that, however, she has no use for him. Sully, the team\'s trainer, strongly advises Terry to stay away from Jake and offers to help Terry get a coaching job. But Terry is convinced his days as a player not over and instead decides to go ahead and work for Jake to tide him over until the next season, when he try to continue his playing career. Terry finds Jessie living in Cozumel but continues to tell Jake that he has not located her. Terry make multiple attempts to approach Jessie, but she rebuffs him, aware that he must have been sent by either Jake or her mother. Terry tires of pursuing a spoiled brat and packs to leave, but Jessie appreciates his not revealing her whereabouts and invites him to see where she is staying. The two unexpectedly fall in love. Terry confides the leverage Jake has over him is the knowledge that Terry once shaved points in an important game after he had fallen into debt. Terry and Jessie remain happily together for a few weeks, with Terry continuing to tell Jake has has been unsuccessful in locating here. Eventually, Sully is sent by Jake to investigate. He catches the lovers alone at the ruins of Chichen Itza. Wielding a gun, Sully demands that Terry turn over the girl and warns him she\'s "no good." He, too, has been involved in corruption with Jake\'s sports syndicate. A struggle between the men ensues and Jessie fatally shoots Sully. Jessie urges Terry to flee with her, as the two will be unable to offer an explanation for the killing that allow them to avoid jail. But when Terry refuses, insisting that the two cannot just run away from the matter, Jessie abandons him. After disposing of Sully\'s body, Terry returns to Los Angeles and finds to his astonishment that Jessie has returned to Jake. He is bitter toward her, but Jake maintains a hold over him with the point-shaving incident, as well as Sully\'s sudden disappearance. Terry is sent to break into the office of Kirsch, the team corrupt lawyer, who is also involve in Jake\'s gambling operation. Terry\'s mission is to retrieve files possessed by the lawyer that implicate everyone involved. Terry breaks into the office only to find Kirsch dead. A security guard has been hired to kill Terry and make it look like he murdered Kirsch. Terry fights off and escapes the security guard, then hides Kirsch\'s body. Terry then leaves a local bar frequented by Edie, Kirsch\'s secretary. He tells her what has happened and that she too is in danger. She tells him about a secret box that contains the information to bring down the entire syndicate and local politicians. Edie and Terry return to the office to retrieve the box, where a fight occurs with another two guards, and again Terry escapes, this time with Edie and the files. Jessie remains at Jake\'s side but is still in love with Terry. She knows that Jake is behind Kirsch\'s murder and informs Ben Caxton, telling him that Jake has been handling bets on the Outlaws using information he\'s been given by Sully and Kirsch. What she doesn\'t know is that Caxton is actually Jake\'s boss at the syndicate. Caxton take charge of the effort to retrieve the files and arranges to meet Terry at the site of a new construction project that he and Mrs. Wyler are backing. Terry is able to disarm Caxton\'s henchman, and says that his price for turning over the files is that Caxton must take down Jake. When Caxton indicates he is receptive to that idea, Jake pulls his own gun and threatens to kill Jessie, forcing Terry to drop his weapon. While Terry and Jake have their attention focused on each other, Jessie retrieves the dropped gun and shots and kills Jake. Having killed both Jake and Sully, Jessie must agree to terms set by Caxton to avoid being held accountable for the crimes and going to jail. Caxton\'s terms include Jessie returning to her estranged mother\'s side and ending her relationship with Terry. Months later, Terry stays in the background while attending a publicity function for Caxton\'s and Mrs. Wyler\'s construction project. He just wants a last look at Jessie before leaving LA to play for the Miami Dolphins. Caxton reminds him of that he is no longer a part of Jessie\'s life. Terry acknowledges that this is true for the moment, but predicts that some day Jessie will break free of the hold that Caxton and Mrs. Wyler have on her. In the meantime, though, all Terry and Jessie can do is stare at one another from a distance.'] ["John Clark  is a lawyer with a charming wife  and loving family, who nevertheless feels that something is missing as he makes his way every day through the city. Each evening on his commute home through Chicago, John sees a beautiful woman staring with a lost expression through the window of a dance studio. Haunted by her gaze, John impulsively jumps off the train one night, and signs up for ballroom dancing lessons, hoping to meet her. At first, it seems like a mistake. His teacher turns out to be not Paulina , but the older Miss Mitzi , and John proves to be just as clumsy as his equally clueless classmates Chic  and Vern  on the dance-floor. Even worse, when he does meet Paulina, she icily tells John she hopes he has come to the studio to seriously study dance and not to look for a date. But, as his lessons continue, John falls in love with dancing. Keeping his new obsession from his family and co-workers, John feverishly trains for Chicago's biggest dance competition. His friendship with Paulina blossoms, as his enthusiasm rekindles her own lost passion for dance. But the more time John spends away from home, the more his wife Beverly  becomes suspicious. She hires a private investigator to find out what John is doing, but when she finds out the truth, she chooses to discontinue the investigation and not invade her husband's privacy. John is partnered with Bobbie  for the competition, although his friend Link  steps in to do the Latin dances. Link and Bobbie do well in the Latin dances, and while John and Bobbie's waltz goes well, John hears his wife and daughter in the crowd during the quickstep, and is distracted by trying to find them. He and Bobbie fall and are disqualified, and John and Beverly argue in the parking structure. John quits dancing, to everyone's dismay. Paulina, having been inspired by John to take up competing again, is leaving to go to Europe, and is having a going-away party at the dance studio. She sends John an invitation, but he's not convinced to go until his wife leaves out a pair of dancing shoes that she bought him. He goes and meets Beverly at work, convinces her that while he loves dancing, he still loves her just as much, and they dance. They go to the party and John and Paulina have one last dance before she leaves. The end scene shows everyone afterwards: Link and Bobbie are now together; Chic, who was actually gay, dances at a club with his partner; Miss Mitzi finds a new partner, and they are happy together; John and Beverly are back to normal and dance in the kitchen; Vern, newly married to his fiancée, dances with her at their wedding; the private investigator that Beverly hired, Devine , starts up dance lessons; and Paulina, with a new partner, competes at Blackpool, the competition that she had lost years before."] ['Charlie Bucket is a kind, loving boy who lives in poverty with his mother, father, and four bedridden grandparents. His mother is unemployed and his father works at a toothpaste factory, responsible for putting the caps on the tubes of toothpaste that come through the line. Down the street is Willy Wonka\'s chocolate factory, which had recently been reopened after industrial espionage forced him into seclusion and to fire his employees. Charlie\'s Grandpa Joe had worked for Wonka directly and was laid off when that happened. One day, Wonka announces a contest; the children that find the five Golden Tickets wrapped in ordinary Wonka candy bars will be given a full tour of the factory and a chance for an unknown grand prize. Four children quickly claim their prize: the greedy and gluttonous Augustus Gloop from Dusseldorf, the spoiled and rotten Veruca Salt from Buckinghamshire, the competitive and boastful Violet Beauregarde from Atlanta, and the arrogant and aggressive Mike Teavee from Denver. Charlie hopes to win as well, but neither the bar he is given as a birthday present, or one bought for him by Grandpa Joe contain a ticket. A fifth child in Russia claims to have found the last Ticket. Charlie, on finding a ten-dollar bill, buys a Wonka bar as news breaks that the Russian child\'s Ticket was fake; Charlie finds the bar he just bought contains the last Golden Ticket. As he races home, bystanders attempt to buy the Ticket from him. Grandpa George reminds Charlie that money is far more common than the Tickets, and convinces Charlie to keep it. Grandpa Joe offers to accompany him on the factory tour. On the day of the tour, the children and their chaperons find Wonka to be a strange, lonely individual, acting odd at the mention of "family". As they proceed with the tour, they discover the fantastical factory is now manned by short humans called Oompa-Loompas. The other four children succumb to temptation, and end up caught in the factory workings before being safely recovered by the Oompa-Loompas, albeit in worse shape than at the start of the tour: Augustus falls into the river of chocolate but is rescued before the processing center, Violet expands into a giant blueberry when she tries an experimental piece of chewing gum, Veruca is thrown away as a "bad nut" by trained squirrels, and Mike is shrunk down to a few inches tall after being the first person transported by Wonka\'s new television advertising invention. Wonka congratulates Charlie as the last remaining child and the winner of the grand prize, to become Wonka\'s heir to the factory. However, Wonka forbids Charlie to bring his family to the factory, and Charlie rejects the offer. Charlie comes to learn that Wonka had a troubled past with his father, Wilbur Wonka. Wilbur, a dentist, had forbidden Wonka from eating candy, but once Wonka got a taste, he wanted to become a confectioner himself against his father\'s wishes. After running away from home to follow his dream, Wonka later returned to find Wilbur and his home gone completely. Charlie is able to help locate Wilbur and convinces Wonka to visit him. Wonka finds his father has followed his success throughout the years, and the two reunite as a proud father and son. Wonka allows Charlie\'s family to move into the factory while he and Charlie plan out new types of candy to make.'] ['In the autumn of 1932, at the height of the Great Depression in New York City, Ann Darrow  has lost her job as a vaudeville actress but is hired by troubled filmmaker Carl Denham  to act in his new motion picture. Ann signs on when she learns her favourite playwright Jack Driscoll  is the screenwriter. As their tramp steamer SS&nbsp;Venture sails to the mysterious Skull Island, they slowly fall in love. As for Carl, a warrant is out for his arrest and Captain Englehorn  begins to have second thoughts, following the fears of his crew about Skull Island and its strange creatures that have evolved alone from the outside world. Deep in the southern seas the "Venture" receives a radio message from her owners informing the Captain about Denhams\' arrest warrant and instructing him to divert to Rangoon immediately. Despite his attempt to turn around, the ship is lost in fog and runs aground on the rocks encircling the island. Carl and his crew explore the island to film and are attacked by the vicious natives, degenerated descendents of a once great civilisation. Mike ([[Craig Hall , the sound technician, is speared, one of the sailors has his head bashed in, and Jack is knocked out. Ann screams as she is captured, and a roar beyond the wall responds. The matriarch of the tribe vows to sacrifice her to "Kong", a 25&nbsp;ft  tall gorilla, and the last of its kind. Englehorn and his crew break up the attack and return to the stranded ship. They lighten their load to float off the rocks and carry out repairs to the hull, but Jack discovers Ann has been kidnapped. On the island, Ann is hung from a primitive drawbridge on the side of the wall. The crew comes armed, but is too late as Kong takes Ann into the jungle. But as time passes in her captivity, Ann manages to entertain and win over Kong with juggling and dancing, and begins to grasp Kongs\' great intelligence and capacity for emotion. Captain Englehorn organizes a rescue party to find Ann and hunt down the beast. The rescue party is caught up in a Venatosaurus pack\'s hunt of Apatosaurus, and Herb ([[John Sumner , the cameraman, is killed along with three sailors. The rest of the rescue party come across a swamp where Bruce Baxter  and two others leave the group. The landing party survivors make their way across a giant fallen log, whereupon Kong arrives and attacks, shaking them off the log into a ravine. He returns to rescue Ann from three Vastatosaurus Rex, and takes her up to his mountain lair. Englehorn and the rest of the crew save what is left of the rescue party from the pit of giant insects, and as Jack decides to continue to search for Ann, Carl decides to capture Kong. Jack goes to Kong\'s lair, waking him. As Kong fights a swarm of flying Terapusmordax, Ann and Jack escape by grabbing the wing of one of the bats and then jumping into a river. They arrive at the village wall with the angry Kong following them, and Ann becomes distraught by what Carl plans to do. Kong bursts through the gate and struggles to get her back, but he is eventually knocked out by chloroform. In New York, in the late winter of 1933 - upon the unintentionally triumphant return of the expedition - a now feted and successful Carl presents a chained Kong&nbsp; the Eighth Wonder of the World on Broadway, starring Baxter and an imprisoned Kong. Ann has become an anonymous chorus girl and a double of her is no replacement in Kong\'s eyes. Camera flashes from photographers enrage the gorilla. Kong breaks free from his chrome-steel chains and chases Jack across town, where he encounters Ann again. They share a quiet moment on a frozen lake in Central Park, Kong joyfully entranced by his first experience of ice and snow, before the army unexpectedly attacks. Kong climbs with Ann onto the dome of the Empire State Building, where he fights off a flight of six Curtiss Falcon fighter planes sent to attack him, downing three of them. Ultimately, Kong is hit by several bursts of gunfire from the surviving planes, and gazes at a distraught Ann for the last time before falling off the building to his death. Ann is greeted by Jack, and the reporters gather around Kong\'s carcass. Carl takes one last look and says, "It wasn\'t the airplanes. It was Beauty killed the Beast."'] ['Ben Shaw  and his new bride, Jane , leave New York for Tokyo, Japan, where Ben has a job as a photographer. While traveling, Jane hits a girl wearing a thin dress in the middle of the wilderness , running over her with both wheels and running into a ditch. After regaining consciousness, they find there was no body or even a trace of blood on either the car or the road, and they decide to leave, thinking the victim was all right. They later start to find mysterious lights in their photos, which are later identified as spirit photography by Ben\'s assistant, Seiko Nakamura . Jane begins to have eerie dreams and visions as if they are trying to tell her something, and senses a mysterious haunting presence stalking them. Ben begins to complain of severe shoulder pain, and his friends begin to comment he\'s looking bent and hunched over, though the doctor he goes to see can find no cause. Seiko takes Jane to her ex-boyfriend, Ritsuo , whose career is to investigate paranormal activities, and he tells them that the lights are spirits, manifestations of intense emotions trying to communicate. At a subway station, Jane spots the ghostly presence of the girl she hit, causing her to believe that she killed the girl. Ben later also has a similar terrifying encounter in his dark room. They then go to a medium, Murase; however, Ben refuses to translate what Murase says, claiming he is a fraud. Later on Jane decides to visit the office building in one of the photos. When she gets there, she goes to the floor where the light has gathered, and takes pictures in the empty office. She encounters the yūrei, and learns that the girl\'s name was Megumi Tanaka and that Ben knew her. When she confronts Ben about it, he admits that he and Megumi were once involved in a relationship, but that after the death of her father, she became very obsessive and clingy, and eventually he dumped her, with help from his two friends. Ben\'s friends, Adam  and Bruno , are killed by Megumi. Adam\'s eye is torn out while shooting pictures and he dies from shock. Bruno commits suicide by jumping from his apartment in a state of shock and undress, suggesting that he has been sexually violated. After watching Bruno jump from the building Ben and Jane go back to their apartment. Ben wants to leave but Jane says "We\'re not going anywhere" and hands Ben their wedding photo in which the right hand side shows a distorted picture of Megumi. They realize she\'s been with them the entire time and what happened on the road was meant for their attentions. They go to Megumi\'s home, only to find her decayed body. She had committed suicide with potassium cyanide long before the car impact. That night Ben is tortured by Megumi. She appears in different places around the room and climbs onto the bed, straddling Ben, taking off her dress, and throwing it on his face, revealing her inhuman body. She then precedes to follow him around the room where she lets her tongue out  and forces it into Ben\'s mouth, kissing him, releasing a swarm of flies that almost choke him. Jane wakes up and screams at Megumi to leave Ben and her alone, after watching flies come out of his mouth. Megumi\'s shadow appears behind her against the fluttering window curtains and she is wrapped up in the curtains and pushed against the window where her head cracks the glass. Jane screams "He left you because he never loved you" which then breaks the hold and throws her back on the bed. Megumi stops with a brief sinister laugh, leaving Ben alive. After Megumi\'s funeral, Ben and Jane return to New York, thinking it\'s all over. However, Jane finds some recent photos in an envelope which still show Megumi, who is crawling toward a picture of Jane hanging on the wall. Jane goes into the room behind the picture and finds a camera in a trunk. After uploading the memory card into the laptop Jane sees more photos taken by Ben, showing Adam and Bruno raping Megumi at her home before her suicide, while Ben does nothing but watch them doing the deed. After this discovery Ben returns home, where he tries to explain he felt it was the only way to drive Megumi away, as nothing else was working. They\'d used some pills and had planned on using the pictures as blackmail against Megumi if she didn\'t leave him alone but it turned into rape. This explains why Ben didn\'t want to translate what the medium said earlier in the film and why Megumi murdered Adam and Bruno, as Ben knew this was about revenge against all three of them. Believing that Megumi was trying to warn her, and disgusted by Ben\'s past actions, Jane says that she doesn\'t want to spend her life with Ben and leaves. Ben tries to stop her, but Megumi locks the door and doesn\'t let him. Driven mad by all the events related to Megumi, Ben begins photographing the apartment with his Polaroid camera, looking to confront her. After throwing the camera across the room, it takes a picture of him, showing Megumi sitting astride his shoulders. Remembering in the hospital where a nurse weighed Ben, showing a weight of 275 lbs, the weight of two people, as well as the mysterious shoulder pains, Ben realizes that Megumi has been with him all along since her suicide without his knowledge. Horrified, and in an effort to rid himself of her, he electrocutes himself. He is rendered completely catatonic and sent to a mental institution, where he is shown sitting slumped over on the edge of his bed. The last scene is a reflection of the glass from the door, showing Megumi still draped over his back.'] ["In 1964, Pinkie Brown, a sociopathic member of a Brighton gang, murders a man who has himself killed the gang leader, Kite. He befriends Rose, a young waitress who had witnessed gang activity, so as to keep an eye on her, and she falls in love with him. In order to prevent her from being made to give evidence against him, he marries her. Ida, Rose's employer and a friend of the man killed by Pinkie, takes it upon herself to save the girl from the monster she has married."] [' In 1928, on an expedition in the snowy Karakoram mountains of India, a mountaineer encounters a glowing sphere. He touches it and then finds himself awakening after a sudden loss of consciousness, with the sphere now gone and a scar on his hand. In the present day, the United States government hastily assembles a group of scientists, including Princeton professor Dr. Helen Benson , to formulate a survival plan when it is feared that a large unknown object with a speed of approximately one-tenth the speed of light, is due to impact Manhattan. The object slows down just before impact and is revealed to be a large spherical spaceship, which lands gently in Central Park. An alien emerges from the sphere, and finds himself surrounded by a hostile, heavily-armed US military force. Amidst the confusion and lack of clear chain of command, a soldier fires, shooting the alien. A gigantic robot then emerges to protect the alien by emitting an energy wave that temporarily paralyzes humans and disrupts all electrical systems in New York City. The alien then orders the robot to shut down. The injured alien is rushed to a military hospital where a surgeon removing the bullet discovers that the alien body is a placenta-like space suit covering a human-like being. The being quickly ages into Klaatu . Klaatu has the appearance of the man from the opening scene of the film from whom the earlier aliens extracted DNA. Klaatu informs Regina Jackson , the United States Secretary of Defense, that he is a representative of a group of alien races sent to talk to the United Nations. Jackson refuses his request and instead orders that Klaatu be sent to a secure location for interrogation. Klaatu manages to escape with the help of Helen, and is pursued by the authorities throughout Newark, New Jersey, and the forested Highlands, with Helen and her stepson, Jacob . Helen saved a vial of the placenta material, which Klaatu uses to rapidly heal his bullet wound. Meanwhile, the presence of the sphere has caused a worldwide panic. The United States military manages to capture the robot after it thwarts their attempts to destroy the sphere using unmanned aerial vehicles that launch missiles. Klaatu meets with Mr. Wu , another alien who has lived on earth for 70 years. Mr. Wu tells Klaatu that he has found the human race to be destructive and unwilling to change. This confirms Klaatu\'s experience so far, and so he determines that the planet must be cleansed of humans to ensure that the planet&mdash;with its rare ability to sustain complex life&mdash;can survive. Mr. Wu says that despite humanity\'s destructive tendencies, he has grown to love humans and will stay on Earth to die with them. Klaatu is perplexed by this, but continues to proceed toward eliminating the human species infecting the planet. He orders smaller spheres&mdash;hidden on Earth&mdash;to begin taking animal species off the planet. Helen drives Klaatu to a forest near a pond. She witnesses Klaatu summoning a sphere that collects various species  as Klaatu walks on water. Around the planet, the spheres collect other life forms. Helen quizzes Klaatu about his statement that he has come to save the Earth and discovers that he thinks the only way to save the planet is to exterminate humans. She begs him to realize that humans can change. A police officer driving by the pond notices strange activity. He sees Klaatu and recognizes him as the wanted man. Drawing his gun he confronts Klaatu, who defends himself by using telekinesis to move Helen\'s car to run the officer over, killing him. But Klaatu then revives the officer by applying some of the placenta and then laying hands on his head, Lazarus-like, and raises the officer from the dead. Hoping to appeal to Klaatu to change his mind about humanity and save it instead, Helen takes him to the home of Nobel Prize-winning Professor Barnhardt , where they discuss how Klaatu\'s own race went through a drastic evolution to survive their own star\'s demise. In meantime, the robot, named "GORT"  by the United States government, is subjected to experiments in an underground facility in Virginia. Trying in vain to drill into the robot, the drill bit inadvertently releases Gort\'s genetic material which produces winged insect-like nanites. Eventually the robot\'s form dissolves into a swarm of these "insects". The self-replicating nanites begin erasing all humans and every human-made item in their path. However it does not destroy grass, trees or non-human organisms. Apparently if unstopped the swarm will erase all vestiges of the human race, leaving the planet in its natural state. The swarm is heading to Manhattan, where the major sphere is located. After speaking with Professor Barnhardt, Klaatu believes that humans might change their ways.{{cite video}} Writer\'s DVD commentary The giant sphere leaves Earth.'] ['Colin Sullivan  is introduced to organized crime by Irish-American mobster Frank Costello  in the Irish neighborhood of South Boston. Costello trains him to become a mole inside the Massachusetts State Police. Sullivan is accepted into the Special Investigations Unit, which focuses on organized crime. Before he graduates from the police academy, Billy Costigan  is asked by Captain Queenan  and Staff Sergeant Dignam  to go undercover, as his family ties to organized crime make him a perfect infiltrator. He drops out of the academy and does time in prison on a fake assault charge to increase his credibility. As both infiltrate their respective organizations, Sullivan begins a romance with psychiatrist Madolyn Madden . Costigan sees her for his probation and also develops a relationship with her. After Costello escapes a sting operation, both moles become aware of the other\'s existence. Sullivan is told to find the "rat" and asks Costello for information to determine who is the informer within his crew. Costigan follows Costello into a movie theater where Costello gives Sullivan an envelope containing personal information on his crew members. Costigan then chases Sullivan through Chinatown. When it is over, neither man knows the other\'s identity. Sullivan has Queenan tailed to a meeting with Costigan. Costello\'s men go in and Queenan is killed. When they exit, Costigan pretends he has come to join them. Later, Costello\'s henchman, Fitzgibbons , reveals that Delahunt , a crew member, was an undercover cop. Dignam is forced to step down as a consequence. Using Queenan\'s phone, Sullivan reaches Costigan, who refuses to abort his mission. Sullivan learns of Costello\'s role as an informant for the Federal Bureau of Investigation from Queenan\'s diary, causing him to worry about his identity being revealed. With Costigan\'s help, Costello is traced to a cocaine drop-off, where a gunfight erupts between his crew and police, resulting in most of the crew being killed. Costello, confronted by Sullivan, admits he is an occasional FBI informant. Sullivan then shoots him multiple times. With Costello dead, Sullivan is applauded the next day by everyone on the force. In good faith, Costigan comes to him for restoration of his true identity, but notices the envelope from Costello on Sullivan\'s desk and flees. Knowing he has been found out, Sullivan erases all records of Costigan from the police computer system. Madolyn tells Sullivan that she is pregnant, but does not reveal who the father is. Later, she discovers a package from Costigan containing a CD with recordings of Costello\'s conversations with Sullivan. Sullivan walks in as she is listening and tries unsuccessfully to assuage her suspicions. He contacts Costigan, who reveals that Costello recorded every conversation he had with Sullivan. Costello\'s attorney left Costigan in possession of the recordings and he intends to implicate Sullivan. They agree to meet at the building where Queenan died. On the roof, Costigan catches Sullivan off-guard and handcuffs him. As Costigan had secretly arranged, Officer Brown appears on the roof as well. Shocked, Brown draws his gun on Costigan, who attempts to justify his actions by exposing Sullivan as the rat. Costigan asks Brown why Dignam did not accompany him, but Brown does not answer. Costigan leads Sullivan to the elevator. When it reaches the ground floor, Costigan is shot in the head by Officer Barrigan, who then shoots Brown and reveals to Sullivan that Costello had more than one mole in the police. When Barrigan turns, Sullivan shoots him in the head. At police headquarters, Sullivan identifies Barrigan as the mole and has Costigan posthumously given the Medal of Merit. At Costigan\'s funeral, Sullivan and Madolyn stand at the grave. Sullivan attempts to talk to her, but she ignores him. When Sullivan enters his apartment, Dignam, wearing hospital footies and surgical gloves, shoots him in the head with a silenced pistol.'] ["Jeff Harriman  goes on vacation with his girlfriend Diane Shaver , who vanishes without a trace at a gas station. Three years later, Jeff is still obsessed with finding out what happened. One day, Barney Cousins  arrives at Jeff's door and admits that he was responsible for her disappearance. Cousins promises to show Jeff what happened to Diane, but only if he agrees to go through exactly the same thing she did. In a short series of flash-backs, the build-up to the crime is shown. Jeff is taken to the gas station where his lover went missing, and is told that if he drinks a cup of coffee which has been drugged, he will discover her fate by experiencing it. He does, and wakes up to find he has been buried alive. Jeff's new girlfriend, Rita , has traced him and his abductor to the area, and discovers just in time what has happened. She gets Cousins to drink drugged coffee by talking about his daughter, but does not realize the drug takes 15 minutes to take effect. She goes in search of Jeff, but is thwarted at the last minute by Cousins. Fortunately, Jeff has revived and is able to climb out of the grave and kill his tormentor with the shovel he had used to bury Jeff and Diane. The remake ends with Jeff and Rita back together, selling the story as a novel to a publishing company."] ["NYPD Detective John Shaft  is called in to investigate the racially motivated murder of Trey Howard , committed by Walter Wade Jr. , the son of a wealthy real estate tycoon. Shaft briefly meets a potential eyewitness to the murder, Diane Palmieri , but she disappears soon after and cannot be found for the trial. Wade Jr. is let off on bail and flees to Switzerland. Two years later, Wade Jr. returns and Shaft rearrests him for leaving the country. During his temporary incarceration at police headquarters, Wade Jr. meets Peoples Hernandez ([[Jeffrey Wright , a Dominican drug lord. Wade Jr., his passport relinquished, is let off on bail again, and in frustration Shaft resigns from the police force, promising to bring Wade Jr. to justice on his own terms. Worried that Shaft might find the missing eyewitness, Wade Jr. hires Peoples to find and kill her first. Shaft continues his search for Diane, enlisting the help of his friends Detective Carmen Vasquez  and taxi driver Rasaan . While visiting Diane's uncooperative mother, Shaft and Carmen realise they are being followed by officers Jack Roselli  and Jimmy Groves , who have been paid by Peoples to follow Shaft and get to Diane. Shaft finally finds Diane, but before they can talk, they are attacked by Peoples's men. In the shootout, Shaft kills Peoples' younger brother. Shaft, Diane, Rasaan, and Diane's brother manage to escape to Rasaan's apartment, but they are followed by Roselli and Groves. While at the apartment, Diane confesses that she saw the entire murder, and kept silent in return for a payoff from Wade's father. When Peoples arrives at the location, another shootout takes place. Roselli and Groves, outed as corrupt, are killed by Carmen. In a face-off between Shaft and Peoples, Peoples insinuates that he's been working for Wade, and Shaft kills him. Wade Jr.'s trial finally arrives. Before it can begin, however, he is gunned down by Trey's mother, Carla Howard . In the police station, Shaft reiterates to Carmen that he prefers to be a private detective. A woman arrives, asking for Shaft to help her, claiming to have an abusive boyfriend. Shaft is initially reluctant, but when he sees her injury, he decides to help her anyway. Shaft, along with his uncle , go together to face to the victim."] ['{{Plot}} With only a few hours until the new year, Detroit\'s oldest police station, Precinct 13, is about to close forever. Only a skeleton crew of officers are on duty for New Year\'s Eve, including Sergeant Jake Roenick , veteran officer Jasper , secretary Iris , and psychiatrist Alex . Roenick is haunted by a botched undercover operation from eight months before that resulted in the death of the other two members of his team. Meanwhile, crime lord Marion Bishop  is arrested after a confrontation results in the death of an undercover officer. Bishop is put on a prison bus with three other criminals: addict Beck , petty crook Anna , and counterfeiter Smiley . A raging snowstorm and treacherous road conditions force the bus driver to make a detour to Precinct 13, where the prisoners are to be held until the storm is over. New Year\'s celebrations at the precinct are soon cut short, however, as an intrusion by masked gunmen results in the death of one of the prison guards, and fatally injures the other. The officers soon find they are surrounded by unknown assailants, preparing to lay siege to the precinct. Cellular phone reception has been jammed, as well as any radio communication. After one of the attackers throws a brick into the precinct with "Bishop" written on it, Jasper claims they are Bishop\'s men, here to extract him. This is proven to be false, however, after Roenick kills one of the attackers in another assault and reclaims the man\'s wallet, which contained his police badge. Bishop then reveals the attackers are actually policemen, led by corrupt Captain Marcus Duvall . Previously, Bishop and Duvall were partners in crime, but Duvall got greedy. Now he and his men, including Mike Kahane , are to kill Bishop before he can testify at trial, saving all officers involved a hefty prison sentence. However, now that everyone inside precinct 13 knows of the true plot instead of just Bishop, they are all a liability and must be eliminated. Heavily outnumbered by a growing police force made up of street cops, snipers, and elite SWAT troopers, Roenick makes the decision to free and arm the prisoners to help them hold out until dawn. Although the officers do not trust the criminals, and vice-versa, Roenick and Bishop reach an agreement to cooperate in order to stand a chance to survive the night. With their combined efforts, they manage to repel further attacks by the police forces, and reclaim their weapons. Soon Precinct 13 is joined by another officer, off-duty cop Capra. After driving erratically enough to evade the snipers, he scurries into the building completely confused and panicked. The attending officers welcome him with open arms, but Beck accuses him of being a plant. Fearing he may start at shootout, Bishop subdues Beck to calm him down and settles the conflict. Smiley also thinks that Capra is a plant, so he and Beck decide to risk the police force outside for a shot at freedom, and plan an escape over a nearby fence. As the prison bus explodes and they notice Smiley and Beck escaping, they decide to use this as a distraction and also plan an escape, making use of Capra\'s car in order for a couple people to flee the precinct and call for help while the police are busy with Beck and Smiley. Anna, who can hotwire a car, volunteers to go. Alex also goes along. Beck and Smiley make it to the perimeter fence before they are killed by snipers. Anna and Alex appear to have made it, before a cop hidden in the backseat shoots and kills Anna, causing the car to crash and Alex to be captured. Alex is brought before Duvall, who asks her how many are in the precinct. Defiant, she replies "a hundred", and she is executed by Duvall after complimenting her on her bravery. With only Roenick, Bishop, Jasper, Capra, and Iris left, the precinct stands little chance of withstanding further assaults. Bishop discovers the handcuffs that were holding the back door locked are removed. He concludes that someone inside is helping the police and accuses Capra, but before anything can be done, the police begin to lay siege to the precinct with SWAT reinforcements from the rooftop. Jasper miraculously remembers an old sewage entrance beneath the precinct, and Roenick and Bishop set the precinct on fire to slow their pursuers. The survivors escape along an abandoned sewer passageway, but even as they find themselves on a deserted street they are suddenly surrounded by the corrupt policemen. Jasper reveals himself to have been the traitor all along, and the officers led by Duvall prepare to execute the remaining survivors. Bishop sneaks a flash grenade into Jasper\'s jacket, and in the ensuing distraction the survivors disarm the officers and escape. Iris and Capra attempt to escape in the officers\' car, while Roenick and Bishop flee into the forest. Duvall and another officer pursue Roenick, while Kahane goes after the car. The car flips and Capra is heavily injured, but Iris manages to stab Kahane with his own knife. In the forest, Roenick is suddenly confronted by Bishop, who offers to cooperate in order to kill Duvall. As the corrupt officers have night vision and Roenick and Bishop do not, Roenick volunteers to draw their fire so Bishop can see the muzzle flashes from their weapons, and dispose of them while they are distracted. The plan works, and Bishop kills the accompanying officer, but he is then shot in the stomach by Duvall who orders Bishop to lure Roenick into a trap. Roenick arrives and guns down Duvall, but is shot in the side and injured also. After considering their cooperation throughout the night, Bishop decides to spare Roenick, who vows that he will find and arrest him someday. After Bishop limps away, officers led by Iris arrive. An officer asks Roenick if anyone else is in the forest, and after looking around for a moment he replies "no". The last shot is of an injured Roenick and Iris making their way to the ambulance, where Iris states she did not even recognize the battle-hardened Roenick of the night, and he replies, "get used to it."'] ['In 1916, Tsar Nicholas II hosts a ball at the Catherine Palace to celebrate the Romanov tricentennial. His mother, the Dowager Empress Marie Feodorovna , is visiting from Paris and gives a music box and a necklace inscribed with the words “Together in Paris” as parting gifts to her eight-year-old granddaughter, the Grand Duchess Anastasia . The ball is suddenly interrupted by Grigori Rasputin , a sorcerer who was banished by the Tsar for treason. Rasputin had then sold his soul in exchange for an unholy reliquary, which he uses to cast a curse on the Romanov family in revenge, sparking a revolution that forces them to flee the palace. Only Marie and Anastasia are able to escape, thanks to a young servant boy named Dimitri, who shows them a secret passageway in Anastasia\'s room. Rasputin confronts the two royals outside, only to fall through the ice and drown. The pair manage to reach a moving train, but only Marie climbs aboard while Anastasia falls, hitting her head on the platform. Ten years later, Russia is under communist rule, and Marie has publicly offered ten million rubles for the safe return of her granddaughter. Dimitri  and his friend and partner Vladimir  thus search for an Anastasia lookalike to present to Marie in Paris and collect the reward. Elsewhere, Anastasia , now under the name "Anya", leaves the rural orphanage where she grew up, having lost her memory prior to arriving there. She turns down a job at a fish factory in favor of going to St. Petersburg after her necklace inspires her to seek out her family in Paris, accompanied by a stray puppy named Pooka. In the deserted palace she encounters Dimitri and Vladimir, who — impressed by her resemblance to the "real" Anastasia — decide to take her with them. Bartok , Rasputin\'s albino bat minion is nearby and notices his master\'s dormant reliquary suddenly revived by Anastasia\'s presence; it drags him to limbo, where Rasputin survives. Enraged to hear that Anastasia escaped the curse, Rasputin sends demonic spirits from the reliquary to kill her; despite two attempts, the trio manage to  foil him, forcing Rasputin and Bartok to travel back to the surface. Anastasia, Dimitri, and Vlad eventually reach Paris and go to meet Marie, who refuses to see her, having been fooled numerously before by imposters. Despite this Sophie , Marie\'s cousin, quizzes Anastasia to confirm her identity. Dimitri and Vladimir had taught Anastasia all the answers, but when Anastasia independently  recalls how Dimitri saved her ten years ago, the two men finally realize that she is the real Grand Duchess. Sophie, convinced as well, arranges for her to meet Marie after a Russian ballet. However Marie wants nothing to do with Dimitri, having heard of him and his initial scheme to trick her. Horrified that Dimitri was using her, Anastasia storms out. Dimitri, having fallen in love with Anastasia, manages to change Marie\'s mind by presenting her with Anastasia\'s music box, which he had found after their escape. Anastasia\'s memory returns upon meeting Marie, and the two women are reunited at long last. The next day, Marie offers Dimitri the reward money, but to her surprise he refuses it and leaves for Russia, convinced that he cannot be with Anastasia. That night, at Anastasia\'s return celebration, Marie informs her of Dimitri\'s gesture and leaves her to her thoughts. Anastasia then wanders through a garden and onto the Pont Alexandre III, where she is trapped and attacked by Rasputin. Dimitri returns to save her, but is injured and knocked unconscious. Anastasia manages to kill Rasputin by crushing the reliquary under her foot. With Rasputin\'s soul having been tied to the object, he promptly dies and turns to dust. Afterwards, Dimitri and Anastasia reconcile; the two then elope and Anastasia sends a farewell letter to Marie and Sophie, promising to return someday. The film ends with the couple sharing a kiss as they sail out of Paris with Pooka, while Bartok falls in love with a female bat who kisses him.'] ['{{plot}} Paul "Wrecking" Crewe  is a former NFL player disgraced for shaving points in a big game. He gets in an argument with his rich girlfriend, Lena , regarding his failure. He locks her in a closet, gets drunk, and goes joyriding in her Bentley Continental GT through San Diego. After completely wrecking the car and disabling several police cruisers in the process, he gets arrested and convicted for grand theft auto and driving while intoxicated, and is sentenced to three years in Allenville Penitentiary in Texas. In prison, Warden Hazen  asks Crewe to help the prison guards\' football team. Crewe, under threat of an extra five years in prison for a falsified accusation of attacking Captain Knauer , decides to help him. He informs Hazen that what his team needs is a tune-up game. Hazen decides that Crewe, with the help of a fellow inmate, Caretaker , will make a team out of the inmates for them to play as their tune-up game. He starts off with a poorly organized team, before being noticed by another prisoner, former college football star and 1955 Heisman Trophy winner, Nate Scarborough , who decides to help him by coaching the team. Crewe, Nate and Caretaker find a rating system on the criminals . They all set out to find and recruit some five star inmates: linebacker "Battle" ; fullback Turley ; and at safety, Torres , a chain-smoking outsider. But after realizing their team is built on power and nastiness  and there is no offensive threats on the team, Crewe realizes he needs more players. Caretaker suggests that it is due to their lack of "brothers", as they only have one currently on their team: defensive lineman Switowski , a childlike and friendly, but large strongman. Crew approaches the black inmates, but one of them, Deacon Moss , says that none of them want to play on his team because of Crewe\'s point-shaving history. So Crewe challenges Deacon to a 1-on-1 basketball game where if Crewe wins, the men will join the team. They play basketball and call their own fouls, with Crewe getting physically punished during the game. Despite Crewe losing, one of the black inmates, Earl Megget , is impressed by Crewe\'s resilience and joins the team, which Deacon allows with no consequence. Megget becomes the team\'s running back by impressing Crewe with his running ability. After a tip from Unger  that Crewe and Meggett are the only real offensive threats on the team, Captain Knauer, the guards\' quarterback, decides that the guards should try to stop Megget by trying to get him to assault one of them and sticking him in solitary confinement. Three guards, Denham , Garner , and Engleheart  try to provoke Megget by using racial slurs and making him pick up books they dropped on the floor repeatedly. The guards give up on this after he withstands their harassment without being provoked. Witnessing this, Moss, "Cheeseburger" Eddy , and the rest of black inmates agree to join the football team. Hazen and the guards go to extreme lengths to stop Crewe\'s squad, even flooding their field, but the team overcomes these obstacles. Caretaker suggests that since the guards have been playing dirty, that the inmates should start acting more like criminals, such as swapping Engleheart\'s anabolic steroids for estrogen pills, examining x-rays of guards with broken bones, and acquiring tapes of the guards\' past games from Hazen\'s elderly secretary Lynette , in exchange for Crewe playing sexual games with her and Brucie  caught in love with a sissy called Miss Tucker  by camera CCTV. After watching both evidence videos to the dismay of both Crewe and Brucie, Scarborough plays the guards\' past games videos in order to examine the guards\' formation and explain it to his teammates. Unger secretly spies on the activities of the inmates who are watching a movie, and he immediately tells Guard Garner. To sabotage the inmates\' morale, the guards Garner, Engleheart, Holland, and Lambert have Unger plant a bomb in Crewe\'s cell during the inmates last practice. Crewe, deciding to stay with the team for their post-practice hype, doesn\'t notice Caretaker going to Crewe\'s cell to leave him a present. Unger, waiting for Crewe to enter his cell, doesn\'t notice Caretaker going into Crewe\'s cell. Caretaker places an old college picture of Crewe as a present on top of his radio. Caretaker hears the music that Unger used to provoke Crewe to change the channel, and he changes it, causing it to explode. Unger, still not knowing it was Caretaker, closes the cell door to keep any help from arriving. Crewe and Scarborough arrive too late and watch Caretaker burn to his death. At the funeral the next day, Crewe and the football team leave presents for Caretaker including a bible from Moss, "Cheeseburger" Eddy\'s Cheesburger, Caretaker\'s stopwatch and whistle from Scarborough, and a picture of his mother from Crewe that he showed him a few nights before. During game day, the inmates, now calling themselves "Mean Machine", with gear provided by the late Caretaker, overcome a rough start, and Crewe has to help the team realize that winning the game is more important than personal grudges. One of the referees is also corrupt, and Crewe has to force him to make fair calls by giving up two downs to throw the ball in his groin. The first half ends with the score tied. The angered Hazen informs Crewe that if he does not lose he will be framed for the murder of Caretaker. Crewe acquiesces to Hazen\'s threat. After the guards score touchdowns while inflicting punishment on the inmates, Crewe fakes an injury to leave the field. After seeing how the team fails in dismay, Crewe asks Skitchy if the time spent in jail for fighting with the warden was worth it. Skitchy replies, "Every goddamn minute," and Crewe returns to the field, but the other inmates, believing he has returned to his old point-shaving ways, ignore him and allow him to get tackled twice. After losing his helmet and still getting the first down, Crewe admits his sabotage to the other inmates, and asks for their forgiveness. United again as a team, the Mean Machine scores two touchdowns to cut the guards\' lead to 35-28, but Megget injures his knee. Scarborough comes in for one play as replacement and scores a touchdown off a trick play involving a fumble called a Fumblerooski. They decide to go for the two point conversion and the win. As they get up to the line they seem to be confused and Crewe and Coach start arguing in order to trick the guards. Moss gets the snap and passes it to Crewe, who scores the winning conversion. Knauer, with a newfound respect for Crewe, lets him know that he will testify that Crewe had nothing to do with Caretaker\'s death. Hazen admonishes Knauer for losing a fixed game and notices that Crewe is heading towards the exit along with the fans. Retrieving a sniper-rifle, he demands that Crewe be shot for attempting to escape. Knauer hesitates because of the numerous people near Crewe. Knauer sights up Crewe, but hesitates again, calling out Crewe\'s name to get him to stop. As it is revealed that Crewe is only picking up the game football and returning, Knauer angrily hands the rifle back to Hazen and leaves, while Crewe gives the game ball to Hazen, telling him to place it in his trophy case. Crewe and Scarborough walk back to the locker room and mention that they should deal with Unger, which subtly implies Unger could be killed for murdering Caretaker. Moss and Battle pour a cooler of Gatorade on Hazen in a mockery of a typical football game celebration. Hazen angrily shouts that they will receive a week in the hotbox. Battle yells back, "Who gives a shit!" In a cold ending, a disgruntled Hazen gets into his car and tells the driver to take him home, only to reveal that Miss Tucker snuck out of prison and took the place of his driver, saying to Hazen, "Now, is that anyway to talk to a lady?"'] ["American video game designer Roger Dearly  lives with his pet dalmatian, Pongo, in London. One day, Roger takes Pongo for a walk, and he sets his eyes on a beautiful female Dalmatian named Perdy. After a frantic chase through the streets of London, Roger and Pongo discover that Perdy likes Pongo; and her owner, fashion designer Anita Campbell-Green , falls in love with Roger when they meet in St. James's Park. They get married along with Perdy and Pongo. Anita works as a fashion designer at the House of de Vil. Her boss, the pampered and very glamorous Cruella de Vil , has two passions in life: cigarettes and fur. Anita, inspired by her Dalmatian, designs a coat made with spotted fur. Cruella is intrigued by the idea of making garments out of actual Dalmatians. When she learns that Perdy has given birth to 15 puppies, she offers the couple a decent price for them, but they refuse. Flying into a maniacal rage, Cruella dismisses Anita and seeks revenge against her and Roger. She has her henchmen, Jasper and Horace (Hugh Laurie and [[Mark Williams , steal the puppies and deliver them to her ancient country estate, De Vil Mansion. With the help of the other dogs and animals scattered throughout London, the puppies manage to outwit Jasper and Horace, and escape to a farm, where their parents have been called to wait. But shortly after, Cruella, the glamorous 'city girl', shows up and tries to retrieve them. However, she is kicked into a pig pen full of mud by a horse, she having already been covered in molasses. All of the Dalmatians get home by the Metropolitan Police Service, who then arrest Cruella  and her henchmen. Roger and Anita adopt the other Dalmatians she stole, bringing the total to 101. Roger designs a successful video game featuring Dalmatian puppies as the protagonists and Cruella as the villain, and they move to the English countryside with their millions."] 