["High school senior Walter Gibson  and his best friend Lance  are celebrating the fact they are moving on to college, but all Gibson can do is lament the fact that he has lost his touch with women. Lance heads to UCLA while Gibson moves on to college in New England. The two keep in touch by writing letters, but Gibson’s luck has not changed. His attempt to get close to Alison Bradbury  from his English class by tricking her into tutoring him only results in his angering and alienating her. Eventually he receives a phone call from Lance telling him to come to California for Christmas break because he has set him up with the beautiful girl , assuring him she is a Sure Thing. Gibson finds a ride from a ride share board to make the trip. He immediately knows it is going to be a long trip when he meets Gary Cooper  and Mary Ann Webster , the couple providing the ride, as they are overly extroverted and upbeat. Things go from bad to worse when he realizes he will be sitting next to Alison as she heads to UCLA to visit her boyfriend Jason . The tension and constant bickering between Gibson and Alison quickly become too much for Cooper, and he abandons them on the side of the road in the middle of nowhere. As they hitch to California, they overcome issues with transportation, weather, lack of food, lack of money, and sleeping arrangements, while at the same time developing genuine feelings for one another. Upon arriving in California, Alison discovers the real reason Gibson is making the trip is to meet his Sure Thing and angrily runs off. That night at a college mixer Lance has arranged for Gibson to meet his Sure Thing. Meanwhile, Alison is spending a boring night with Jason when she drags him to the same mixer for some fun. Alison and Gibson see each other at the party, but jealousy leads to a confrontation between the two. Gibson takes the Sure Thing to Lance's room, but cannot stop thinking about Alison. Back on campus after the break, Alison and Gibson are obviously uncomfortable around each other. In their English class, Professor Taub  reads an essay composed by Gibson as a writing assignment, which is a description of his night with the Sure Thing. The girl in the essay asks the protagonist if he loves her, but for the first time he realizes that those are not just words and he cannot sleep with her. Alison realizes what actually happened that night, and they kiss."] ['The story revolves around three lifelong friends from Pennsylvania in their late 30s who go on a road trip in search of themselves. Most of the movie contains scenes from Interstate 95; the friends have tickets to a major college bowl game in Florida. Along the way, the friends run into a few surprises.'] ["Handsome Harry is the story of Harry Sweeney’s journey to find forgiveness from an old Navy friend. One day Harry  gets a call from an old Navy buddy, Kelly , who is on his deathbed. At first, Harry wants nothing to do with Kelly, but soon memories and guilt overcome him and he goes on a journey to confront his old friends. First he goes to meet Kelly in a Philadelphia hospital. Kelly asks Harry to seek forgiveness from David on his behalf. Kelly dies in the hospital the next day. Harry then goes on to meet the rest of his Navy buddies to find the truth about what actually happened the night they assaulted David together. Somebody threw an armature on David's hand that night, but Harry could not recollect who it was. In time it was revealed that Harry and David were having an affair back in the Navy. Kelly found Harry and David in a sexually compromising position in the shower. In fear of repercussion, Harry turned on David. Kelly and rest of the gang including Harry got drunk and assaulted David. It was in the end revealed that Harry was the one who dropped the armature on David, maiming him for life."] ["The title refers to both a pub landlord's last call and the final wishes of a dying man, in this instance Jack Dodds , an east London butcher who greatly influenced four men over the course of his flawed but decent lifetime. The quartet gathers to scatter Jack's ashes in Margate, where he had hoped to retire to a small seaside cottage with his wife Amy , a dream that never was fulfilled. The four are professional horse race gambler Ray Johnson , aka Lucky, who fought beside Jack during World War II and has been his best friend since; former boxer Lenny , who is always ready to settle an argument with his fists; undertaker Vic , who acts as a buffer of sorts; and Jack's son Vince , a dealer of used luxury cars, whose relationship with his father never quite recovered when, as a young boy, he learned his real family perished in a wartime bombing and Jack and Amy took in the orphaned infant and raised him as their own. As the quartet journeys from London by car to honour Jack's request, with stops at Canterbury Cathedral, the Chatham Naval Memorial, the hop farm where Jack and Amy met, and a couple of pubs en route, they reminisce about their friend and recall their personal interactions with him over the years. Meanwhile, Amy is on a journey of her own to visit their mentally retarded daughter June , who has been institutionalized since shortly after her birth fifty years earlier. Over the years Jack barely acknowledged her existence, but Amy faithfully has visited her weekly, even though June has no idea of who she is or why she's there. Through frequent flashbacks that stretch across six decades, the stories of the events that brought these people to this point in their lives slowly unfold, ultimately revealing the importance of friendship and love."] ['Alvin Straight has not shown up to his regular bar meeting with his friends. He is eventually found lying on his floor at home, although he insists that he "just needs a bit of help getting up". His daughter Rose takes her reluctant father to see a doctor, who sternly admonishes Alvin to give up alcohol and tobacco. He also tells Alvin that he should start using a walker. Alvin refuses, and does not tell Rose. Alvin then learns that his brother Lyle has suffered a stroke. Longing to visit him, but unable to drive, Alvin gradually develops a plan to travel to Mount Zion on his "ancient" riding lawn-mower and towing a small homemade travel-trailer, to the consternation of his family and friends. Alvin\'s first attempt fails: after experiencing difficulty starting the old mower\'s motor, he doesn\'t get far before the machine finally breathes its last, and he is forced to flag down a passing bus. Alvin arranges for his mower to be transported back home on a flatbed truck , where he takes out his frustrations on the mower by blowing up its motor and gas tank with a well-aimed shotgun blast. At the John Deere store, he purchases a newer replacement lawn tractor from a salesman  who is generous but describes Alvin as being reputed a smart man, \'until now. \' Alvin continues on his quest. He passes a young female hitchhiker who later approaches his campfire and says that she could not get a ride. In conversation, Alvin astutely deduces that she is pregnant  and has run away from home. He reveals more information about his daughter: one night somebody was watching Rose\'s children and there was a fire and one of her sons got badly burned; the state then decided that Rose was not competent to look after her children and took them away from her. Alvin tells the hitchhiker about the importance of family by describing a bundle of sticks that is hard to break . The next day Alvin emerges from the trailer to find that his hitchhiker friend has left him a bundle of sticks tied together, implying that she plans to return home to her own family. He continues with his journey. Alvin enjoys watching a rainstorm from the shelter of an abandoned farmhouse. The next scene shows Alvin as a huge group of RAGBRAI cyclists race past him. He later arrives at the cyclists\' camp and he is greeted with applause. He speaks with them about growing old. When he is asked about the worst part of being old, he replies \'remembering when you was young. \' The next day, Alvin is troubled by the massive trucks passing him. He then interacts with a distraught woman who has hit a deer, and is being driven to distraction by the fact that she continually hits deer while commuting, no matter how hard she tries to avoid them. She drives away in a tearful huff, and Alvin, who had started to run short of food, cooks and eats the deer, then mounts the antlers above the rear doorway of his trailer as a tribute to the deer and the human sustenance it had provided. In the next scene, Alvin\'s brakes fail as he travels down a steep hill; he struggles to maintain control of the speeding tractor and finally manages to bring the vehicle to a complete stop. Some townspeople help get Alvin\'s mower and trailer off the road. They later discover that the mower also has transmission problems. Now beginning to run low on cash, Alvin borrows a cordless phone from a homeowner - gently but resolutely refusing an invitation to come indoors - and calls Rose to ask her to send him his Social Security check. He then leaves money on the doorstep to pay for his long-distance telephone call. A local motorist offers Alvin a ride the rest of the way to Lyle\'s, but Alvin declines, stating that he prefers to travel his own way. An elderly war veteran takes him into town for a drink, and Alvin tells a story about how he is haunted by a memory of accidentally shooting one of his military comrades. Alvin\'s tractor is fixed and he is presented with an exorbitant bill by the mechanics, who are twins and are constantly bickering. Alvin successfully negotiates the price down, and explains his mission, which he calls \'a hard swallow to [my] pride\', but \'A brother is a brother. \' The mechanic twins seem to relate to this, realizing that they should make peace, also. Later, Alvin camps in a cemetery and chats with a priest. The priest recognizes Lyle\'s name and is aware of his stroke. The priest says that Lyle did not mention that he had a brother. Alvin replies that \'neither one of us has had a brother for quite some time.\' Alvin wants to make peace with Lyle and is emphatic that whatever happened ten years ago does not matter anymore. "I say, \'Amen\' to that, Brother" the priest replies. The next obstacle that Alvin must overcome is apparent engine trouble, just a few miles from Lyle\'s house. Alvin stops in the middle of the road, unsure of how to proceed. A large farm tractor driving by then stops to help, but fortunately this time the problem was evidently just a few drops of bad gas, because the lawn-tractor\'s engine sputters to life again after sitting for a few minutes. The gracious farmer then leads the way on his own tractor, and drives along slowly ahead of Alvin during the final leg of his journey to make sure he gets there okay. Lyle\'s house is dilapidated. Using his two canes, Alvin makes his way to the door. He calls for his brother. At first Lyle does not appear and Alvin expresses relief when he does. The two brothers make contact, one with a walker and one with two canes. Lyle invites Alvin to sit down. Lyle looks at Alvin\'s mower-tractor contraption and asks if Alvin has ridden that thing just to see him. Lyle is moved. The two men sit and look at the stars, as they had done as children.'] ['Harry Coombes  is an elderly widower who is forced from his Upper West Side apartment in New York City when his building is condemned. He initially stays with his son\'s family in the suburbs but eventually chooses to travel cross country with his pet cat "Tonto" in tow. Initially planning to fly to Chicago, he instead boards a long-distance bus, then later impulsively buys a used car to continue the journey. During his episodic journey, he befriends a Bible-quoting hitchhiker ([[Michael Butler , travels with underage runaway Ginger , visits his daughter , a bookstore owner in Chicago, and drops in on an early sweetheart in a retirement home who suffers from dementia. Later he accepts a ride with a health-food salesman, spends a night in jail with a friendly Native Indian chief, and finally meets his youngest son  in Los Angeles, where he tutors children and is invited to room with a friendly widow. His cat figures prominently throughout the film.'] ['A compulsive gambler attempts to cure his addiction by moving from Las Vegas to Albuquerque and working at an auto insurance company, only to find old temptations cropping up once again when he\'s sent out to investigate a dubious car accident just outside of Sin City. After a string of bad luck at the tables, John  decides to give up gambling and take a shot at a "normal" life. Arriving in Albuquerque and landing a job at an auto insurance company, John goes to work for Mr. Townsend , who pairs him with the company\'s top fraud debunker, Virgil , and sends them out on an investigation together. While John is eager to get a promotion, he\'s reluctant to go anywhere near Las Vegas, and before he leaves he strikes up a tenuous romance with his eccentric co-worker, Jill . On the road, Virgil and John encounter a series of offbeat characters including Ned, a nude militant , Tasty D Lite, a wheelchair-using stripper , and a carnival human torch . But while Virgil is the one with the experience, John gradually begins to assert himself and soon his efforts begin to pay off as the case moves closer to conclusion. As John\'s confidence grows, he becomes increasingly aware of the fact that running away from his gambling problem is not the solution, and that he\'ll only be able to move forward by returning to Las Vegas to face his demons head on.'] ["Burt Munro is a sort of folk hero in his hometown for his friendly and charming personality and for being featured in Popular Mechanics magazine  for having the fastest motorcycle in Australia and New Zealand. However, that recognition is contrasted by his exasperated neighbours, who are fed up with his un-neighbourly habits such as urinating on his lemon tree every morning, neglecting his garden, and, most of all, waking up before sunrise to rev his bike's very loud engine. Burt travels by cargo ship to the USA to participate in the Bonneville Speed Week, his longtime dream. When Burt arrives in Los Angeles, he experiences bureaucracy, skepticism and the coldness of big city people. It is his blunt but gregarious nature which overcomes each hurdle. He wins over the hardened motel clerk, a transvestite woman named Tina, who assists him in clearing customs and helps him in buying a car. The car salesman allows Burt to use his shop to make a trailer and later offers him a job after Burt fixes most of the cars on the lot. Burt declines the offer, however, and shortly afterwards begins his long trip to Utah. Along the way, Burt meets many people, including a Native American who aids him when his trailer fails, a woman named Ada who helps him repair his trailer and briefly becomes his lover, and an Air Force pilot who is on a leave from his military service in Vietnam. He finally arrives at the Bonneville Salt Flats, only to be turned away by race officials for not registering his bike for competition in advance. In a show of sportsmanship, however, various competitors in the Bonneville series intervene on his behalf, and he is eventually allowed to make a timed run. In the 8th mile, he achieves 201.851mph then falls with the bike and skids to a stop. His leg is burned by the exhaust, yet he succeeds in his quest and sets a new land speed record."] ['The story begins in Rwanda where young football know-it-all Dudu Kayenzi is teaching a group of children how to make a football . Teenager Fabrice longs to pursue his ambition of becoming an association football legend and is seen breaking the local record for the most continuous football kick-ups. When Fabrice is offered the chance to audition for the opening ceremony of the 2010 Football World Cup in South Africa, he sets off for Kigali, the capital city of Rwanda, with his \'manager\' Dudu and Dudu\'s sister Beatrice. Beatrice wishes to become a doctor and find a cure for AIDS in memory of Dudu. Fabrice tries to express his love of football to his mother, but she simply replies "Africa doesen\'t need dreams, it needs to wake up". Fabrice plucks up the courage to sneak out of home early and masquerade as a woman\'s child with Dudu and Beatrice the following day, in order to get to Kigali. However, they take the wrong bus and on arrival at the end of the bus route, when they look for the auditions stadium, a man states they are in Congo and that the stadium is 1000 miles away in Kinshasa. Ending up in a refuge camp in the Democratic Republic of Congo, they meet George Foreman, an ex-child soldier, who agrees to help them escape the camp. Dudu decides that the group will walk the rest of the way to South Africa  so that Fabrice can play for the "Dream Team" at the World Cup opening ceremony. They leave during the night in a jeep, but George\'s fellow soldiers catch up with them the following day. They flee the jeep just before it explodes in front of the soldiers. They end up in a dilapidated railway carriage which Beatrice assumes is a "hotel", on account of the shabby living conditions that she and her brother are used to. Dudu discovers that George has a bag full of money that he has stolen from the general of his ex-army. They find a leopard-like black animal in the train and so make off for the shores of Lake Tanganyika, where they hire a boat to get to Tanzania on the other side. Fabrice\'s mother texts and calls him on his mobile  phone, but he finally has enough and throws the phone into the middle of the lake. Eventually they arrive on the other side of the lake at a whitewhased villa, where Celeste, a sex slave, is working for the white owner by selling beverages. She catches the four children and insists they go back, but George flashes his bag of money for bribery and so the owner lets them stay and play in the pool and be waited on. Fabrice has time to play with Dudu\'s "organic footballs" . As George falls asleep, the owner steals his bag of money and throws them out of the villa; however, they soon retrieve the bag and the money and Celeste joins them. Using Dudu\'s business-like tactical skills, they end up in the hull of a ship full of mangoes, bound for Zambia, where they will continue the journey. Celeste reveals she ran away from her tribal village to avoid an arranged marriage, and Fabrice sees George throw away his gun, which he used to shoot his fellow soldiers earlier on. The team runs out of money, so Dudu insists they can earn some by giving blood at a local medical centre. Everyone passes the blood test except for Dudu, who is HIV-positive, although he does not reveal this to the others. After crossing the border into Zimbabwe, Dudu exchanges the Zambian kwacha for Zimbabwean dollars, but Celeste explains the currency is defunct and that he has been scammed. He tries to collect the money after it spills into the water, and the Zambezi river carries it to the precipice of Victoria Falls. During the night, Dudu develops a cough and in the morning he is rushed to a local hospital. There is a school attached to the hospital, and a school teacher Leleti Khumalo notices Beatrice\'s intelligence and offers her a place at the school to study for free. The doctor soon explains that, although the medical team have been able to stabilise Dudu\'s tuberculosis, he has a low CD4 T-cell count  and needs medication that is out of stock and won\'t be available for another three days. However, Dudu decides to persevere on the journey and to continues with Fabrice, George and Celeste towards the stadium: Beatrice decides to stay behind at the school to have an education and so try to fulfil her dream of becoming a doctor. The team arrive at Beitbridge on the Zimbabwe–South Africa border, where an official insists that they are nothing but refugeees. The security guards take Dudu\'s ball but again the team works together to retrieve it and continue to Soccer City in Johannesburg for the Cup. Dudu falls ill again and is rushed to the medical facility at the stadium, where he completes his fictional story by saying Fabrice carries the ball God gave to the people of Africa. Except for Dudu, the team carry the ball off into the now roaring crowd. At the end, Dudu is seen walking off into a light at the end of the Soccer city stadium tunnel, carrying his briefcase & custom-made ball suggesting that he has died of HIV–AIDS.'] ["Ferdinand Griffon  is unhappily married and has been recently fired from his job at a TV broadcasting company. After attending a mindless party full of shallow discussions in Paris, he feels a need to escape and decides to run away with his baby-sitter, an ex-girlfriend, Marianne Renoir , leaving his wife and children and bourgeois lifestyle. Following Marianne into her apartment and finding a corpse, Ferdinand soon discovers that Marianne is being chased by OAS gangsters, two of whom they barely escape. Pierrot , and Marianne go on a traveling crime spree from Paris to the Mediterranean Sea in the dead man's car. They lead an unorthodox life, always on the run. Settling down in the French Riviera after having burnt the dead man's car  and sunk a second car into the Mediterranean Sea, their relationship becomes strained. Ferdinand ends up reading books, philosophizing and writing in his diary. Marianne becomes bored of the Robert Louis Stevenson-ness of their living situation and insists they return to town, where in a night-club they meet one of their pursuers. The gangsters waterboard Ferdinand and depart. In the confusion, Marianne and Ferdinand are separated, with Marianne traveling in search of Ferdinand and Ferdinand settling in Toulon. After their eventual reunion, Marianne uses Ferdinand to get a suitcase full of money before running away with her real boyfriend, to whom she had previously referred as her brother. Pierrot shoots Marianne and her boyfriend, and, in the climactic scene, paints his face blue and decides to blow himself up by tying sticks of red and yellow dynamite to his head. Regretting his decision at the last second, he tries to extinguish the fuse, but, due to the dynamite obstructing his vision, fails and is blown up."] ['Teresa, the pregnant teenage daughter of a powerful man known only as "El Jefe"  , is summoned before her father and interrogated as to the identity of her unborn child\'s father. Under torture, she identifies the father as Alfredo Garcia whom El Jefe had been grooming to be his successor. Infuriated, El Jefe offers a $1 million reward to whoever will "bring me the head of Alfredo Garcia". The search progresses for two months. In Mexico City, two of El Jefe\'s personal henchmen, a pair of business-suit clad dispassionate hitmen, Sappensly  and Quill , enter a saloon and encounter Bennie , a retired United States Army officer who makes a meager living as a piano player and bar manager. The two men ask about Garcia, believing that they will have more luck getting answers out of a fellow American. Bennie plays dumb, saying that the name is familiar but that he doesn\'t know who Garcia is. It turns out that everyone in the bar knows who Garcia is; they simply don\'t know where he is. Bennie goes to meet his girlfriend, Elita , a prostitute at a bordello. Elita admits to having cheated on Bennie with Garcia, who had professed his love for her, something Bennie refuses to do. Elita informs him that Garcia died in a drunk driving accident the previous week. Bennie is excited by the possibility of making money by simply digging up the body. He goes to Sappensly and Quill, in the hotel room of their boss, Max, and makes a deal for US$10,000 for Garcia\'s head, plus two hundred dollars in advance for expenses. Bennie convinces Elita to go on a road trip with him to visit Garcia\'s grave, claiming that he only wants proof that Garcia is in fact dead and no longer a threat to their relationship. En route, Bennie proposes, promising that their future will soon change, and she can retire from prostitution. Elita is cautious, and warns Bennie against trying to upset their status quo. On the road, Bennie and Elita are accosted by two bikers , who pull guns and decide to rape Elita. Bennie seems unsure how to react. Elita agrees to have sex with the bikers if they spare Bennie\'s life, and goes off with the biker played by Kristofferson. He rips off her shirt to look at her breasts, lets her slap him twice, slaps her back, then walks away: she follows. Bennie knocks the first biker unconscious while he\'s playing Elita\'s guitar. He takes the gun and seeks the other biker and Elita. She is now passionately kissing the biker, and ready to make love with him. Bennie finds them together; then shoots him dead, as well as the first biker. The murder cycle has opened. He confesses to Elita his plan to decapitate Garcia\'s corpse and sell it for money. Elita is disgusted, and, still shaken from what has just happened, begs Bennie to give up this quest and return to Mexico City, where they can be married and live a modest life of relative peace. Bennie again refuses, but agrees to marry Elita in the church of the town where Garcia is buried. They find Garcia\'s grave, but when he opens the coffin, Bennie is struck from behind with his shovel by an unseen assailant. He wakes up to find himself half-buried in the grave with Elita, who is dead. The corpse of Garcia has been decapitated. Bennie learns from villagers that his assailants are driving a station wagon. He catches up with the men after they blow out a tire. Bennie shoots them, searches their car and claims Garcia\'s head. Stopping at a roadside restaurant, he packs the sack containing the head with ice to preserve it for the journey home. Bennie begins addressing the head as if Garcia were still alive, first blaming Alfredo for Elita\'s death and then conceding that both of them probably loved her equally. Bennie is ambushed by members of Garcia\'s family. They re-claim the head and are about to kill Bennie when they are interrupted by the arrival of Sappensly and Quill. The hitmen pretend to ask for directions. Quill produces a sub-machine gun and murders most of Garcia\'s family, but is fatally shot by one of them. As Sappensly sorrowfully looks at Quill\'s corpse, Bennie asks: "Do I still get paid?" Sappensly turns to shoot but Bennie kills him, takes Garcia\'s head, and returns to Mexico City, "arguing" with Garcia\'s head all the while. At his apartment, Bennie gives Garcia\'s head a shower and then brings the head to Max\'s hotel room, feigning willingness to surrender the head for his $10,000, but then revealing that he is no longer motivated by money; rather, he blames Elita\'s death on the bounty and intends to kill everyone involved. Several men pull guns but Bennie manages to evade fire and kill them all. He takes a business card from the desk with El Jefe\'s address on it. El Jefe greets him as a hero and gives him a briefcase containing the promised million-dollar bounty. Bennie calmly relates how many people died for Garcia\'s head, including his beloved. El Jefe responds apathetically, telling Bennie to take his money and throw Garcia\'s head to the pigs on the way out. Infuriated that the object responsible for Elita\'s death is viewed as nothing more than garbage, Bennie first wounds El Jefe and then guns down all of his bodyguards. Teresa enters with her newborn son as Bennie points a gun at El Jefe\'s head, but hesitates to shoot. She tersely urges Bennie to kill her father, and Bennie obliges, taking along the head as he leaves the scene with the words: "I\'ll look after the father, and you look after the son." Bennie makes a mad dash to escape, but is gunned down at the gates to El Jefe\'s estate.'] ['Cars takes place in a world populated by anthropomorphic transportation. The film begins with the last race of the Piston Cup championship, which ends in a three-way tie between retiring veteran Strip "The King" Weathers, perennial runner-up Chick Hicks, and rookie Lightning McQueen. The tiebreaker race is scheduled for one week later at the fictional Los Angeles International Speedway in California. Lightning is desperate to win the race, since it would allow him to leave the unglamorous sponsorship of Rust-Eze, a rust treatment for old cars, and allow him to take The King\'s place as the sponsored car of the lucrative Dinoco team. Eager to start practice in California as soon as possible, Lightning pushes his big rig, Mack, to travel all night long. While McQueen is sleeping, the exhausted Mack drifts off and is startled by a gang of reckless street racers, causing McQueen to fall out the back of the truck into the road. McQueen wakes in the middle of traffic, and speeds off the highway to find Mack, ending up in a run-down town of Radiator Springs and inadvertently ruining the pavement of its main road. After being arrested and impounded overnight, McQueen is ordered by the town\'s judge and doctor, Doc Hudson, to leave town immediately. The local lawyer, Sally Carrera, insists that McQueen be given community service to repave the road, to which Doc begrudingly agrees. McQueen tries to repave it in a single day, but it turns out to be shoddy and McQueen is ordered to repave the road again, which takes several days to complete. During this time, he becomes friends with several of the cars, and learns that Radiator Springs used to be a popular stopover along U.S. Route 66, but with the construction of Interstate 40 bypassing the town, it was effectively taken off the map. McQueen also discovers that Doc is really the "Fabulous Hudson Hornet", a three-time Piston Cup winner who was forced out of racing after an accident and quickly forgotten by the sport. McQueen finishes the road, which has invigorated the cars to improve their town, and spends an extra day in town with his new friends, before Mack and the media descend on the town, led by a tip to McQueen\'s location. McQueen reluctantly leaves with the media to get to California in time for the race, while Sally chastises Doc after discovering that he had tipped off the media to McQueen\'s whereabouts, not wanting to be discovered himself instead. At the speedway, McQueen\'s mind is not fully set on the race, and he soon falls into last place. He is surprised to discover that Doc Hudson, decked out in his old racing colors, has taken over as his crew chief, along with several other friends from Radiator Springs to help in the pit. Inspired and recalling tricks he learned from Doc and his friends, McQueen quickly emerges to lead the race into the final laps. Hicks, refusing to lose, sends Weathers into a dangerous accident. Seeing this and recalling Doc\'s fate, McQueen stops just short of the finish line, allowing Hicks to win, and drives back to push Weathers over the finish line. The crowd and media condemn Hicks\' victory and give praise to McQueen\'s sportsmanship. Though offered the Dinoco sponsorship deal, McQueen declines, insisting on staying with his current sponsors as an appreciation of their past support. Later, back at Radiator Springs, McQueen returns and announces that he will be setting up his headquarters there, helping to put Radiator Springs back on the map. In a post-credits scene, Van and Minny, the two minivans who came to Radiator Springs, appear to have lost their way and are stranded in the middle of the desert, dusty and tired , and Van is seen to have gone insane and drive off as a "Beetle" fly crashes into the screen.'] ['Bob Munro , a successful California beverage company executive, is struggling with a dysfunctional family, with his materialistic wife Jamie , his spoiled, sharp-tongued teenage daughter Cassie ([[JoJo , and young son Carl  an adolescent weightlifter who likes Hip hop. At a company picnic, Bob is embarrassed in front of his self-absorbed boss Todd  by Cassie\'s militant friend Gretchen, who hurls a tub of disgusting slime over Todd. Looking forward to a big family vacation in Hawaii, Bob is punished by Todd by having to present a merger proposal to the grassroots Alpine Soda company in Boulder, Colorado instead. Concealing the real reason for going to Boulder, Bob rents an RV from the dodgy dealer Irv  and tells his family they are traveling to the Rockies. On their trip, Bob and his family encounter many mishaps. These include Bob damaging the parking brake, crashing into and running over objects such as shopping carts, flushing out a trio of raccoons with a stink bomb, and fixing a clogged sewage system. Along the way, the Munros meet another traveling family, the Gornickes, consisting of Travis , Mary Jo , and their sons and daughter, Earl , Billy "Not Earl" , and Moon . Earl develops a romantic interest in Cassie and Carl starts to like Moon, but thinking that the Gornickes are too strange for them, the adult Munros decide to ditch them; when the Gornickes reappear at another stop, the Munros believe they are stalking them. Meanwhile, to disguise his business trip, Bob tries to e-mail a proposal outline from his laptop, working in restrooms; eventually, a hitchhiker steals Bob\'s laptop, leaving him with only a BlackBerry PDA, which he does manage to use to compose and wirelessly send his proposal to his company. The Gornickes then recover the stolen laptop after picking up the same hitchhiker, and pursue the Munros to return it. Eventually the entire family begins to enjoy their vacation. In order to attend the merger meeting, though, Bob distracts his family by feigning illness and sends them on a hike. The meeting with Alpine Soda is a success, but Bob is invited to talk to the whole company again the next day. Rushing back to his family in the RV, Bob takes a treacherous 4 wheel drive trail, and gets the huge vehicle stuck atop a jutting boulder in the middle of the trail. . Bob eventually manages to dislodge the RV from the boulder by getting on the front of the RV and rocking it until it eventually wobbles and tips forward enough to slide down from atop the stone. Now riding on the front of the RV while it is traveling at a frenzied pace, Bob barely manages to return to his family in time, succeeding in fooling them, but while he is attempting a similar ruse the next day, the RV brakes fail again and it rolls into a lake. Bob lets it slip about the real intentions of the Colorado vacation, and his family is upset that he would use them like that. Still needing to get to the meeting, a desperate Bob retrieves one of his family\'s bicycles from the lake and pedals off. Jamie, Carl, and Cassie are then picked up by the Gornickes, and soon realize how well they get along, when Bob appears again, climbing atop the moving bus. After apologizing to his family, Bob is just about to blow off the meeting when it turns out he\'s right outside the headquarters. At the second meeting, Bob starts his speech and it goes well, but then -- Bob has an epiphany, and so he recommends against the merger, realizing that Todd\'s selfishness would destroy a great independent company. Carl gets angry at Todd and flips him over his shoulder, onto the ground. Moon exclaims "My Hero!" Bob is then fired but he quits anyway, and soon retrieves the sodden-but-still-operable RV from the lake. At the end, Bob is offered a job by the owners of Alpine Soda, who want to go national independently. As the credits roll, the two families are shown dancing and singing the song, "Route 66" .'] ["Bowie, a youthful convicted murderer, and bank robbers Chicamaw and T-Dub escape from a Mississippi chain gang in the 1930s. They hole up with a gas station attendant and continue robbing banks. Bowie, who is injured in an auto accident, takes refuge with the daughter of the gas station attendant, Keechie. They become romantically involved but their relationship is strained by Bowie's refusal to turn his back on crime. Chicamaw is eventually recaptured and T-Dub is killed while waiting in his car for his wife. Bowie poses as a sheriff's deputy to spring Chickamaw from jail. But he quickly becomes disgusted with the violent, raving Chicamaw and abandons him on the side of the road. The Texas Rangers catch up with Bowie, who is betrayed by a motel keeper. He meets a violent end. Keechie carries on, pregnant with Bowie's baby."] ['Tilt  is a young pinball wizard who has thoughts of running away from home. Skipping school one day, Tilt decides to go to Mickey\'s Bar, where the owner helps set her up for a pinball game with an unaware gambler named Felix . As the easily hustled Felix loses, Neil  watches and is impressed with Tilt\'s talent. Neil tells Tilt that he is a hopeful country and western star and needs to raise money to make a demo tape of his songs. After hearing Neil\'s musical talent, she\'s impressed and agrees to help by traveling with him, raising cash with her pinball skill. When the two eventually end up back at Neil\'s former employer, "The Whale" , Neil sets up a game between Tilt and him. However, Neil doesn\'t realize Tilt has caught on to his lies and manipulation, and his plans are not going to go as hoped.'] ['With only four days until the bar exam, an utterly unprepared law intern, Rick Robinson , is given a rare opportunity to score points with his boss, Maxwell McAllister  and without thinking, commits to a favor he cannot afford. Rick soon finds himself stuck in a grueling cross country road trip driving a rundown U-Haul truck carrying all his boss\'s worldly possessions. To make matters worse, he is left in charge of Mr. McAllister\'s bratty Hollywood-bound niece Michelle  and her out-of-control pet pig. The trip from Miami to Los Angeles meets several snags. The truck breaks down on a backwoods road in the deep South, and Rick\'s clothes are burned by the hillbilly family providing them refuge for the night. Later, another breakdown results in Rick being knocked unconscious. He is rescued by a peculiar hitchhiker called Orlie , who finds a motel room for him and Michelle. Orlie asks to accompany Rick and Michelle, and is accepted, as Rick believes he owes him a favor for his rescue. Michelle takes a shine to Orlie, and they proceed to have fun at Rick\'s expense. After Orlie forces Rick into an unusual encounter in a fast food restaurant lavatory, Rick decides to leave him behind. He and Michelle grow closer to one another, following a stop at a Texas beach. Rick permits Michelle to drive, despite the insurance liability, due to fatigue. He wakes to find Michelle has taken them to Wichita, Kansas and Rick\'s home. Consequently, Rick is forced into a painful confrontation with his mentally ill father, an experience for which Michelle apologizes. They grow even closer as Michelle relates her life growing up. The pair travel to Colorado, where the truck runs out of gas. A semi in which Orlie is traveling as a passenger comes to their aid. Following a stop in a small town, the truck  is stolen by men working for local crime boss "The Lady" . The Lady forces Rick and Orlie to fight in a cage match before he returns the truck, impressed by the show they put on. Crossing into Utah, Orlie spots a landscape that matches a drawing in his notebook. He believes that he has switched bodies as some past moment when he was near death, and believes that the person now occupying his body will arrive here. A switch can then take place. Orlie leaves Rick and Michelle, telling them to keep going. As the window for Rick to safely arrive back in Miami for the bar exam narrows, he rejects Michelle\'s assertions that there is something special between them. Rick drives straight to Los Angeles, arriving in Malibu where Mr. McAllister is waiting for them at his beachside property. He states that Rick has arrived late, but does not appear overtly concerned. Realizing he must hurry to fly back to Miami, Rick rushes to the taxi McAllister has arranged for him, leaving Michelle asleep in the truck. At the airport security checkpoint, Rick realizes he is making a terrible mistake as he observes the Polaroid photos Michelle has snapped throughout their trip. Knowing he is meant to be with Michelle, he scrambles out of the airport and returns to Malibu. Finding Mr. McAllister, Rick confesses his feelings for Michelle. McAllister, having heard similar sentiments from Michelle regarding Rick, thanks him for returning and asks him to take care of her. McAllister adds that his law firm will be opening a Los Angeles branch. The movie ends as Rick reunites with Michelle on the beach, and a man approaches Orlie back in Utah.'] ['Dutch Dooley  attends a ritzy party with his girlfriend, Natalie Standish . He stands out terribly among the upper-class aristocrats – wearing a cheap suit and telling boorish anecdotes. Natalie\'s relaxed, less rigid personality also does not fit with the rest of the patrons. While there, Dutch meets Natalie\'s snobbish, wealthy ex-husband Reed , who tells Natalie that he will have to break his Thanksgiving plans with their son Doyle  for an unexpected business trip to London. He also threatens to strip Natalie of her custody of Doyle if she gives Reed a hard time. Dutch overhears this in the background and then threatens Reed with bodily harm should he hurt Natalie. Natalie calls Doyle at his private school in Georgia and invites him home for Thanksgiving, who rudely denies the offer and expresses his disdain for his mother, accusing her of causing her marriage with Reed to fail and result in divorce. Despite this, Dutch sees this as an opportunity to get to know Doyle and further his relationship with Natalie, so he offers to go to Georgia and bring Doyle back to Chicago for the holidays. Upon arriving in Georgia, Dutch finds that Doyle is much like his father: snobbish, selfish and elitist. He welcomes Dutch by throwing a book at his face and shooting him in the groin with a BB gun, to which Dutch promises revenge. Dutch ultimately hogties Doyle to a hockey stick and carries him to the car, starting out on the drive back home. The trip entails many mishaps: a fireworks show Dutch gives Doyle in an attempt to make Doyle warm up to him goes awry when one lit rocket lands in the bag and sets off all the fireworks at once, Dutch throwing Doyle out of the car and making him walk to the next motel by himself  and hitching a ride with two prostitutes  who steal their luggage and leave them stranded with no money. Doyle calls his father, who lied to Doyle about his trip to London; he instead spent the holidays with a girlfriend. This, as well as a comment from Dutch that Doyle "hates his mother", visibly disturbs Doyle and makes him regret his own callous attitude. Dutch initially gives up and wants to call Natalie for assistance getting home, but Doyle refuses and insists on getting home on their own. They sneak a ride on the back of a semi truck and are assaulted by security guards at a cargo storage station; Doyle feigns insanity and pretends voices in his head are telling him to kill the guards, which frightens the guards enough to allow them to escape. The two enter a restaurant, where they meet a married couple who takes them to a home for displaced families in Hammond, Indiana for the night. While there, Doyle grows fond of a young girl and her family. While getting to know them, he finally realises that he has been neglecting his mother and indeed wants to be with her for the holidays. The next day, the family drives Dutch and Doyle to Natalie\'s home, where Reed is waiting. Doyle shares an emotional embrace with his mother and reveals to Reed that he knows that he lied about his trip to London. Doyle decides to stay with his mother instead of going with Reed for Thanksgiving; angered, Reed subsequently gives Natalie only several days to pack and leave the house, which he owns. Dutch follows Reed outside as he departs and makes good on his promise to hurt Reed, putting a dent in his forehead with his pinky ring. He then demands that Reed will be respectful of Natalie and be a better father to Doyle in the future, to which Reed incoherently agrees. The film ends with showing Natalie, Dutch and Doyle at the dinner table about to begin the Thanksgiving feast, when Dutch tells Doyle to get Dutch\'s coat, as it contains a very special gift for Natalie. As Doyle turns to walk away, Dutch pulls the BB gun Doyle originally shot him with and finally gets his revenge on Doyle by shooting him in the groin.'] ['The film follows Caveh Zahedi on a road trip to Las Vegas with his father and half-brother in an attempt to prove the existence of God. He posits that if God exists, and if God is indeed omniscient, omnipotent and omnibenevolent, then all the filmmaker has to do is roll the camera and let God direct the movie. In an attempt "to force God\'s hand" and change the direction of the film, Zahedi tries persuade his father and half-brother to take Ecstasy with him. When they refuse, things quickly start to unravel.'] ['{{quote}} In 1952, a semester before Ernesto "Fuser" Guevara is due to complete his medical degree, he and his older friend Alberto Granado, a biochemist, leave Buenos Aires in order to travel across South America. While there is a goal at the end of their journey - they intend to work in a leper colony in Peru - the main purpose is initially fun and adventure. They desire to see as much of Latin America as they can, more than 5,000 miles  in just four and a half months, while Granado\'s purpose is also to court as many women as will fall for his pick-up lines. Their initial method of transport is Granado\'s dilapidated Norton 500 motorcycle christened La Poderosa .  Their planned route is ambitious, bringing them north across the Andes, along the coast of Chile, through the Atacama Desert and into the Peruvian Amazon in order to reach Venezuela just in time for Granado\'s 30th birthday on April 2. However, due to La Poderosa\'s breakdown, they are forced to travel at a much slower pace, and don\'t make it to Caracas until July. During their expedition, Guevara and Granado encounter the poverty of the indigenous peasants, and the movie assumes a greater seriousness once the men gain a better sense of the disparity between the "haves"  and the "have-nots" . In Chile for instance, they encounter a penniless and persecuted couple forced onto the road because of their communist beliefs. In a fire-lit scene, Guevara and Granado ashamedly admit to the couple that they are not out looking for work as well. The duo then accompanies the couple to the Chuquicamata copper mine, where Guevara becomes angry at the treatment of the workers. Later, there is also an instance of recognition when Guevara, atop a luxurious river ship, looks down at the poor dark-skinned peasants on the small wooden rickety boat hitched behind.  However, it is a visit to the ancient Incan ruins of Machu Picchu in Peru that solidifies something in Guevara. His musings are then somberly refocused to how an indigenous civilization capable of building such beauty could be destroyed by the creators of the eventual polluted urban decay of nearby Lima.<ref name aO4G2cRvUjQ&vq "Every generation needs a journey story; every generation needs a story about what it is to be transformed by geography, what it is to be transformed by encounters with cultures and people that are alien from yourself, and you know that age group 15 to 25, that’s the perfect generation to get on a motorcycle, to hit the road, to put on your backpack and just go out."| source 4058889 Thirty Years After His Death, Che Guevara Still an Icon] by NPR Weekend Edition Sunday, October 3, 2004 | width  left }} At the end of the film, after his sojourn at the leper colony, Guevara confirms his nascent egalitarian, anti-authority impulses, while making a birthday toast, which is also his first political speech. In it he evokes a pan-Latin American identity that transcends both the arbitrary boundaries of nation and race. These encounters with social injustice transform the way Guevara sees the world, and by implication motivates his later political activities as a Marxist revolutionary. Lastly, Guevara makes his symbolic "final journey" at night when, despite his asthma, he swims across the river that separates the two societies of the leper colony, to spend the night in a leper shack, instead of in the doctors cabins. As they bid each other farewell, Granado reveals that his birthday was not in fact April 2, but rather August 8, and that the aforementioned goal was simply a motivator: Guevara replies that he knew all along. The film is closed with an appearance by the real 82-year-old Alberto Granado, along with pictures from the actual journey and a brief mention of Che Guevara\'s eventual 1967 CIA-assisted execution in the Bolivian jungle.'] ['Fran Kranz stars as Joel, a guy who has recently been dumped by his girlfriend , sending him into a spiral of depression. His two friends, Wyatt  and Ben , a closet homosexual, take him on a road trip to lift his spirits and take revenge on Dr. Dwayne. The friends take their trip in Wyatt\'s van, which he has customized into a cross-country hotdog stand in an attempt to impress Oscar Meyer and get a job with them. On the way, they encounter an elderly nymphomaniac couple who had sexual intercourse in front of them. After being dropped off, they realized their wallets are stolen by three women, leaving them with only ten dollars delivered to Wyatt in a 15-year-old birthday card from his grandmother. They use this money to enter into a hot bod contest, on which Ben had a flashback of his mother constantly yelling at him to work hard in the competition. After getting advice from a man Walrus Boy, he wins, getting $10,000 for the prize. As they approach their destination, Joel abandons his friends in a fit of hopelessness, winding up drunk in a back alley. His childhood tormenter, Drake Hanswald , appears in a hallucination, and Joel watches helplessly as his younger self is tormented by Drake and all of his other classmates. Realizing that he needs to change his situation and stand up for himself, Joel returns to his friends just in time to save them from the hippies who had previously stolen Wyatt\'s hood ornament. The next morning, they go to the studio where Dr. Dwayne\'s show is filmed and sneak in. After beating up Dr. Dwayne\'s decoy, the real Dr. Dwayne appears, revealing that he intentionally caused Joel\'s breakup to motivate Joel to take a stand for himself. He also reveals that he has found a rich man that Wyatt had saved from a life of drugs, who is willing to finance Wyatt\'s Wieners. Ben makes a speech to the audience and accepts his homosexuality. Now that the friends have all achieved what they needed, they head home, and we learn that Wyatt\'s Wieners became the 4th most successful pre-packaged meat company in the U.S. and that he lives in a hotdog-shaped house with his dachshund named Beyoncé. Ben went on to become a successful lawyer and cologne designer, and that he currently lives with his "roommate" Johnathan and his two cats. Joel invented "unpantsable" pants, and the three friends take the Wienerwagon on a road trip every year to spread cross-country happiness.'] ['Sheryl Hoover  is an overworked mother of two children who lives in Albuquerque, New Mexico. Her brother Frank  is a gay scholar of French author Marcel Proust, temporarily living at home with the family after a suicide attempt. Her husband Richard  is striving to build a career as a motivational speaker and life coach. Dwayne , Sheryl\'s son from a previous marriage, is an unhappy sixteen year old who has taken a vow of silence until he can accomplish his dream of getting into the US Air Force Academy in order to become a test pilot. Richard\'s foul-mouthed father, Edwin , a World War II veteran recently evicted from a retirement home for using heroin, lives with the family. He is close with his seven-year-old granddaughter, Olive . When Olive learns she has qualified for the "Little Miss Sunshine" beauty contest that is being held in Redondo Beach, California in two days, she is ecstatic. However, money is tight and due to various logistical issues, the only way to make the trip is if the entire household goes. Despite Richard, Dwayne, and Frank in particular not wanting to go, they all band together to support Olive and embark upon the 800-mile road trip in their antiquated yellow Volkswagen T2 Microbus. Family tensions play out during the journey, amidst the aging van\'s increasingly troublesome mechanical problems. When the van\'s clutch breaks early in the trip, the family discovers that they must push the van until it reaches 20 miles per hour and then run and jump in. Later, the horn starts honking unceasingly, resulting in the family getting pulled over. Throughout the road trip, the family suffers numerous personal setbacks, and discover their need for each other\'s support. Richard loses an important contract that would have jump-started his motivational business and saved the family from financial ruin. Frank encounters the ex-boyfriend who, in leaving him for Frank\'s chief academic rival , precipitated his suicide attempt. Edwin dies from an apparent heroin overdose. In order to reach their destination in time, the family smuggles his body out of the hospital, , planning to make funeral arrangements after the pageant. During the final stretch of the trip, Dwayne discovers that he is color blind, and therefore can never get a pilot\'s license, which prompts him to break his silence, refusing to continue with the trip and revealing his anger and disdain for his family. He storms from the van in tears, but is calmed down by a hug from Olive and returns to the family, apologizing for the things he yelled.  After a frantic race against the clock, Olive is almost refused entrance to the pageant for arriving at the hotel four minutes late. As she gets ready, the family observes the other competitors: slender, sexualized little girls with highly styled hair, heavily made-up faces, spray tans, adult-like sexy swimsuits, and glamorous evening wear, performing highly elaborate dance, musical, and gymnastic routines with great panache. It quickly becomes apparent that Olive  is not in their league. As Olive\'s turn to perform in the talent portion of the pageant draws near, Richard and Dwayne recognize that Olive is certain to be humiliated and, wanting to spare her feelings, run to the dressing room to prevent her from performing. Sheryl, however, insists that they "let Olive be Olive", and Olive decides to go on stage. She joyfully performs the dance routine that her Grandpa Edwin had secretly choreographed for her: a burlesque performance to Rick James\' song "Super Freak", innocently oblivious to the scandalized and horrified reaction of the audience. The organizers are enraged and demand Sheryl and Richard remove Olive from the stage. Instead, one by one the members of the family join Olive on stage, dancing alongside her, and Richard prevents pageant officials from touching his daughter. The family is next seen outside the hotel\'s security office where a police officer tells them they are free to leave as long as Olive never again enters a beauty pageant in the state of California. Richard tells Olive that her grandfather would be very proud of her, and the family happily piles into the ramshackle bus and heads back to their home in Albuquerque.'] ['Besides the name of the heroine and her freight riding, very little of the film bears any resemblance to the original story written in Sister of the Road. The film tells the story of Bertha Thompson  and "Big" Bill Shelly , two train robbers and lovers who are caught up in the plight of railroad workers in the American South. When Bertha is implicated in the murder of a wealthy gambler, the pair become fugitives from justice. While this story adheres to certain conventions of exploitation narrative, it also offers a surprisingly frank look at race and gender issues in the 1930s.'] [' In a post-apocalyptic setting, following a global war and the collapse of civilization after the Earth\'s oil supplies were nearly exhausted, barbaric anarchy has become the world\'s everyday law. Max Rockatansky, traumatised by the death of his family, roams the desert in a scarred, black supercharged V-8 Pursuit Special, scavenging for food and petrol. His only companions are an Australian Cattle Dog, and a rare functioning firearm – a sawn-off shotgun – for which ammunition is very scarce. After driving off a gang of marauders led by the unhinged biker warrior Wez, Max collects the petrol from one of their wrecked vehicles and moves on to check a nearby autogyro for fuel. The autogyro is boobytrapped, but Max overpowers the pilot hiding nearby; in exchange for his own life, the pilot tells Max about a small oil refinery nearby in the wasteland. Max arrives just as the marauders, a motley collection of cars and motorbikes, besiege the compound. Their leader, a large, muscular man with a hockey mask over his disfigured face called "The Humungus", tries to convince the settlers to surrender the facility in exchange for safe passage out of his territory. A group of settlers attempt to break out of the compound, but the marauders capture, torture, rape and kill them. Max makes a deal with the remaining survivor, mortally wounded: bring the settler back to the compound in exchange for a tank of petrol. The man dies shortly after Max returns him, and the settlers\' leader reneges on the deal; the settlers are on the verge of killing Max when the marauders return, and Humungus repeats his offer. Max offers another deal to Papagallo: he will retrieve an abandoned Mack semi-truck, capable of hauling the tanker trailer that the settlers use to store the fuel they refine, in exchange for petrol and his freedom. The settlers accept, but keep his car. Max sneaks out, joining forces with the autogyro pilot. Max drives the semi back to the compound, evading Humungus\' men. The settlers want Max to escape with the group, but Max opts to collect his petrol and leave. However, his attempt to break through the siege fails: Wez gives chase in The Humungus\'s nitrous oxide-equipped car and runs Max off of the road, wrecking his Pursuit Special and seriously wounding him. The marauders kill Max\'s dog with a crossbow and attempt to siphon the fuel from the Pursuit Special\'s tanks, but trigger an explosive booby trap that destroys the car. Max is left for dead, but the gyro pilot rescues him and flies him back to the compound. Despite his injuries, Max insists on driving the repaired truck with the fuel tanker. He leaves the compound in the now heavily armored truck, accompanied by a feral child he has befriended, and with several settlers in armored vehicles providing protection. The Humungus and most of his warriors pursue the tanker, leaving the remaining settlers free to flee the compound in a ramshackle caravan. Papagallo and the settlers defending the tanker are killed during the chase, and the gyro captain is shot down. Max and the Feral Kid find themselves alone against the marauders, who continue their pursuit. Wez boards the truck to kill the two, but a head-on collision with Humungus\' car kills both Wez and Humungus. Max loses control of the tanker, and it rolls off the road. As the injured Max carries the Feral Kid from the wrecked tanker, he sees not oil, but sand, leaking from the tank. The truck and its trailer are revealed to be a decoy, allowing the other settlers to escape with the precious fuel in oil drums inside their vehicles. With Papagallo dead, the gyro captain succeeds him as their chief and leads the settlers to the coast, where they establish the "Great Northern Tribe". Max remains alone in the desert, once again becoming a drifter, leaving the Feral Kid  reminiscing about him.'] ['Blues Brothers 2000 resurfaces 18 years after The Blues Brothers with Elwood Blues  being released from prison, this time a rather high-tech private prison rather than the old Illinois state prison depicted in the first film. He learns that his brother Jake has died, along with their surrogate father figure Curtis , and that the orphanage the two had saved had eventually been demolished. However, Elwood is told of a second brother . The "brother" is the illegitimate son of Curtis named Cabel "Cab" Chamberlain  who, until Elwood enters his life, had no knowledge of being Curtis\'s son. Cab is a commander in the Illinois State Police. He angrily refuses to support Elwood, a habitual criminal, but Elwood inadvertently steals his wallet and purchases a used police squad car at a lot owned by Malvern Gasperon , who is leaving the business to move to New Orleans. Elwood takes a job as a master of ceremonies in a strip club owned by the drummer of the Blues Brothers band, Willie Hall. It is there where he discovers that the bartender, Mack McTeer , has exceptionally good singing talent. He also gets on the bad side of the Russian mafia who have been demanding payoffs from Willie. After the Russian mafia burns down the club, Elwood reunites the band. "Mighty" Mack is the new lead vocalist, with a 10-year-old orphan named Buster  also joining the band providing backing vocals and harmonica. The band travels to several locations from the first film with a depiction of how they have changed.  As well as upsetting the mafia, Elwood also falls foul of a white supremacy group  and the Illinois police force, at least until the zealous and ruthless Cab "sees the light" and becomes a Blues Brother with the help of Elwood\'s old friend, Rev. Cleophus James . Everyone heads south to Louisiana with the intention of entering a battle of the bands held at the mansion of a voodoo practitioner named Queen Moussette . They compete against the Louisiana Gator Boys, a band fronted by Malvern Gasperon. Police, criminals and various others are dealt with, after which Elwood and young Buster once again travel the road. The movie is dedicated to John Belushi, Cab Calloway, and John Candy, all of whom were in the original film and had died before the sequel began development.'] ['In 1973 San Diego, California, William Miller is a teenaged aspiring rock journalist. His mother, Elaine, a local college professor with a strange mix of New Age and conservative beliefs, wants him to become a lawyer. Miller writes for underground papers, sharing the love of rock music instilled in him through a gift of albums given by his sister, Anita, before she left home in disgust over Elaine\'s "house of lies." William has sent rock journalist Lester Bangs copies of his work, and Bangs gives William a $35 assignment to review a Black Sabbath concert. Bangs advises William not to befriend rock stars, and to be "honest and unmerciful" in his reviews. Without credentials, William cannot get backstage to the San Diego Sports Arena where the concert is taking place. Outside, he meets a few local groupies who call themselves "Band-Aids", led by a young woman named Penny Lane. He also meets the opening band, Stillwater. They bring William backstage after he critiques their work. The guitarist, Russell Hammond, takes a liking to William. William and Penny go to Hollywood to see Stillwater again. Penny serves as William\'s chauffeur, but her real aim is to get close to Russell, for whom she has feelings and shares a past relationship. William is called by Ben Fong-Torres, editor of Rolling Stone, who wants William to write a story for the magazine. Ben, who does not realize that he is talking to a teenager, sends William on the road to write about Stillwater. William goes on tour with Stillwater and the Band-Aids, promising to keep in contact with his worried mother. As a journalist, the band refers to William as "the enemy", but they befriend him anyway, although Russell puts off giving William an interview. Russell receives an electric shock onstage in Phoenix, which infuriates their manager, Dick Roswell, causing them to abandon the show. In Topeka, Kansas, a new merchandise t-shirt for Stillwater showing Russell clearly in focus with the rest of the band comparatively out of focus and shadowed sparks an intense argument between lead singer Jeff and Russell. Russell and William then leave the area, going to a teenage house party so Russell can be with people who are "real". Tripping on LSD, Russell climbs onto the roof, screaming "I am a golden god!" and instructing William to write that his last words were "I\'m on drugs!" before jumping into the pool. During the tour, William forms a strong bond with Penny, but he does not have sex with her — he instead loses his virginity to the other Band-Aids. The band continues with its tour and before one of the band\'s concerts, William speaks with his very worried mother on the phone. Russell intervenes, snatching the phone from William and talking to Elaine. During the conversation, Elaine unwittingly reveals William\'s true age and her plans for him to attend law school. A new manager, Dennis, is hired and insists that the band travel by plane instead of by bus. In Boston during a poker game, it becomes clear that Penny must leave the tour before New York City, where Leslie, Russell\'s wife, will join the tour. During the game, Russell allows Dick to sell the Band Aids to Humble Pie for $50 and a case of Heineken. When William tells Penny, she acts nonchalant but is devastated. Penny travels to New York, showing up as the band gathers in a restaurant with Leslie. As they celebrate making the cover of Rolling Stone, Penny leaves as Leslie grows suspicious. William follows Penny to her hotel room, finding her overdosed on quaaludes. While trying to keep her awake he confesses he loves her and kisses her just before doctors arrive. Later, Penny reveals her real name  to him, a secret she has told very few. Penny thanks William for saving her before returning home to San Diego. William stays with the band for the end of the stop in New York and then they all board their jet plane to fly home. Stillwater\'s plane is caught in a thunderstorm and loses altitude. With death apparently imminent, the band members confess their secrets, which provokes a series of quarrels, and Penny is then referred to by several in the band as "that groupie". William angrily defends Penny, reminding the band that they declared they were "in this for the fans", but Penny was their most adoring one. The plane emerges from the storm unharmed, leaving the band to ponder the changed atmosphere. William continues to San Francisco to finish the story, parting ways with the band. Russell tells him to write whatever he wants. William submits an article, but the Rolling Stone editors dismiss it as a "puff piece". Bangs advises him to be "honest and unmerciful". William rewrites the article, telling the truth. The Rolling Stone editors are eager to publish it until the fact checker reports that Russell has denied everything, making William look like a liar, and the story is dropped. Sitting dejected in the airport, William encounters Anita. Now a stewardess, she offers to take him anywhere; William chooses to return home. Russell calls Penny for her address so they can talk in person. Russell goes to the address she gave him, but it turns out to be William\'s house. Russell and William reconcile, and Russell reveals that he called Rolling Stone to tell them William\'s story was true. Russell finally gives William an interview. The film ends with William\'s article being published, Stillwater on tour, William sharing a meal with Elaine and Anita, and Penny buying a ticket to Morocco, a place she had always wanted to visit.'] [' Charlie Babbitt , a narcissistic Los Angeles car dealer in his mid-twenties, is in the middle of importing four grey market Lamborghinis. The deal is being threatened by the EPA, and if Charlie cannot meet its requirements he will lose a significant amount of money. After some quick subterfuge with an employee, Charlie leaves for a weekend trip to Palm Springs with his girlfriend, Susanna . Charlie\'s trip is cancelled by news that his estranged father, Sanford Babbitt, has died. Charlie travels to Cincinnati, Ohio, to settle the estate, where he learns an undisclosed trustee is inheriting $3 million on behalf of an unnamed beneficiary, while all he is to receive is a classic Buick Roadmaster convertible and several prize rose bushes. Eventually he learns the money is being directed to a mental institution, which is the home of his autistic brother, Raymond , of whose existence Charlie was previously unaware. This leads Charlie to ask the question that permeates the movie: "Why didn\'t somebody tell me I had a brother?" Although Raymond has autism, he also has superb recall, albeit usually with little understanding of the subject matter, but has extreme skills in mathematics  He is said to be a savant by some doctors. He is frightened by change and adheres to strict routines . Except when he is in distress, he shows little emotional expression and avoids eye contact. Numbed by learning that he has a brother and determined to get what he believes is his fair share of the Babbitt estate, Charlie takes Raymond on what becomes a cross-country car trip  back to Los Angeles to meet with his attorneys. Charlie intends to start a custody battle in order to get Raymond\'s doctor, Dr. Gerald R. Bruner , to settle out of court for half of Sanford Babbitt\'s estate so that the mental institution can maintain custody of Raymond. Susanna, disgusted by Charlie\'s self-centeredness and his attempts at using his brother as a pawn to gain the money, leaves Charlie in Cincinnati and disappears. During the course of the journey, Charlie learns about Raymond\'s autism, which he initially believes is not authentic – resulting in his frequent frustration with his brother\'s antics. He also learns about how his brother came to be separated from his family, as a result of an accident when he was left alone with Charlie when Charlie was a baby. Raymond also sings "I Saw Her Standing There" by The Beatles like he did when Charlie was young, prompting Charlie to realize that Raymond is the protective figure from his childhood, whom he falsely remembered as an imaginary friend named "Rain Man", which was a mispronunciation of "Raymond". Charlie proves to be sometimes shallow and exploitative, as when he learns that Raymond has an excellent memory and takes him to Las Vegas to win money at blackjack by counting cards. However, towards the end of their trip Charlie finds himself becoming protective of Raymond, and grows to love him truly. Charlie finally meets with his attorney to try to get his share of his inheritance, but then decides that he no longer cares about the money and really just wants to have custody of his brother. However, at a meeting with a court-appointed psychiatrist and Dr. Bruner, who is also a friend of Charlie\'s father and is left in charge of that money, Raymond is unable to decide exactly what he wants. Eventually, the psychiatrist presses Raymond to make the decision, upsetting him and leading Charlie to request that the doctor back off. Raymond is allowed to go back home to Cincinnati. Charlie, who has gained a new brother and mellowed considerably, promises Raymond as he boards an Amtrak train that he will visit in two weeks.'] ['Launched in 1977, the Voyager 2 space probe carried a gold phonographic disk with a message of peace, inviting visitors to visit planet Earth. The Voyager 2 probe is intercepted by an alien ship. Responding to the invitation, they send a small scout vessel to establish first contact with Earth. But, instead of greeting the craft, the government shoots the alien down. Crashing in Chequamegon Bay, Wisconsin, the alien, looking like a blue ball of energy, finds the home of recently widowed Jenny Hayden . While there, the alien uses a lock of hair from her deceased husband Scott to clone a new body which a stunned Jenny witnesses. The starman  has seven small silver spheres which provide energy to perform miraculous feats. He uses the first to send a message about his craft being destroyed and that the environment is hostile. He plans to rendezvous with them at "landing area one" in three days. He then uses the second sphere to create a holographic map of the United States, coercing Jenny into taking him to Arizona. As the shock wears off, Jenny turns both hostile and frightened of him. After repeatedly attempting to escape, she finally implores the Starman to shoot her with her pistol. But instead, he releases the pistol\'s magazine and tells her he means no harm. As they continue on their journey, the Starman, who had a rough understanding of English syntax from the Voyager 2 disk, learns to communicate with Jenny and Jenny teaches him that humanity is not completely savage. He explains to Jenny that he has three days to get to the rendezvous point, Arizona\'s Barringer Crater, or he will die. She teaches him how to drive a car and use credit cards, intending on escaping so he can continue his journey alone. However, as she is about to make her escape, she witnesses him miraculously resurrect a dead deer. Deeply moved, she resolves to help him at whatever cost. Along the way, the couple is pursued by the United States Army who investigated the crash. The contingent is led by cold-blooded NSA chief George Fox  who is reluctantly assisted by civilian SETI scientist Mark Shermin . After finding the Voyager 2 phonographic disk in the Starman\'s ship, Shermin understands that Earth invited the Starman to visit in peace. Shermin later determines that the alien had taken the appearance of the deceased Scott Hayden. While staying at a motel, Jenny and the Starman learn that they have been surrounded by the police, who are holding position until the federal government arrives. Employing a distraction, the two fugitives escape, but one of the officers shoots Jenny, critically wounding her. During the escape, the Starman crashes the car into a gas tanker and uses a sphere to protect the two of them from the explosion. They escape the area by taking refuge a mobile home that is being towed. The Starman, down to his last two silver spheres, uses one to heal Jenny. Fearing for her safety, he leaves her and travels to the meteor crater alone. Jenny catches up to him and they continue their journey together. While stowing away on a boxcar, the couple make love. Later that night, the Starman tells Jenny "I gave you a baby tonight." Jenny attempts to explain to him that she is infertile, and cannot conceive a child, but the Starman insists, saying, "Believe what I tell you." He explains to the stunned Jenny that the baby will be the son of her dead husband, because he is a clone of Scott. He also explains that he will know all that the Starman knows and when he grows up he will become a teacher. He tells her that he will stop the gestation from going further if she wishes, but the joyful Jenny embraces him, accepting the gift. The couple mistakenly travel too far on the train and arrive in Las Vegas. To make matters worse, Jenny has lost her wallet. The Starman uses one of their last quarters in a slot machine, which he manipulates in order to win the jackpot. The couple use their winnings to buy a new car to complete the drive to Winslow, Arizona, which is near Barringer Crater. Meanwhile, Fox hears from NORAD that the Starman\'s trajectory, prior to it being shot down, was to Barringer Crater. He figures out that the Starman would show up there in the next day or so. Near the end of the journey, the Starman and Jenny are confronted in a cafe in Winslow, where Mark Shermin interviews the dying alien. The Starman explains to him that his people had previously visited Earth, and are interested in humans, because out of all the many savage intelligent races in the universe, humans are at their best when things are at their worst. At this point, Shermin allows the Starman and Jenny to leave, risking his own career. The couple reach the crater as Army helicopters buzz them. Suddenly, a large, spherical landing craft appears and descends into the crater. Light surrounds the couple, and the Starman is instantly restored to health. He tells Jenny he will never see her again. Jenny confesses her love and begs him to take her with him, but he says she would die on his world. He then gives her his last silver sphere, telling her that her son will know what to do with it. As she watches in silence, the ship rises, carrying the Starman away.'] ["George  is s a Montana teen whose sanity is deteriorating due to his parent's marital woes. He links up with Lucy , a runaway headed for Wyoming with a dark background, who is trying to get her brother out of jail. George tries to help her, but finds himself crossing paths with people even more emotionally disturbed than his mother and father."] ['Jimmy Kowalski , a Gulf War veteran and former stock car racer, works as an automobile restorer and delivery driver at a shop in Idaho. He takes an assignment delivering a 1971 Plymouth Roadrunner to New Mexico to pay his wife\'s mounting medical bills. While in New Mexico, he is offered another job, delivering a 426 Hemi powered 1970 Dodge Challenger R/T to Salt Lake City, Utah. On the way, he\'s informed that his wife\'s already-difficult pregnancy has taken a turn for the worse and continues to head back home to Idaho, refusing to stop for police when flagged down for speeding. An interstate chase develops. Throughout the rest of the journey he is pursued by a relentless Utah sheriff and an FBI agent who, while trying to make a name for himself and the organization after the incidents of Ruby Ridge and the Waco Siege, becomes convinced he is either running drugs or is a domestic terrorist. Kowalski is aided in his flight by a radio shock jock called "The Voice" , a libertarian DJ with a Gadsden flag in his studio, who is constantly giving homilies on things such as income taxes and government oppression. The Voice, intrigued by Kowalkski\'s run across country, sets out to find the truth about Kowalski. As he does so, he discovers the truth of Kowalski\'s "drug run" and that he is really rushing home to be with his wife and her now dangerous pregnancy. Along the way, Kowalski runs into the desert where he gets lost, blows a tire, and spends the night in an Indian reservation. He finds his way back onto the road where he continues on his way to Idaho, tricking the FBI into going the opposite direction of his intended path. However, as the day rides on he falls asleep and drives into the salt flats. A woman on a motorcycle finds him just after he wakes up and informs him that he has damaged his oil pan. He follows her to her hideout where he meets her boyfriend who is at first suspicious that he is from the government. He is hiding from the IRS. After the girl and Kowalski convince him he is \'one of them\', he offers to ride 30 miles to try and locate a replacement oil pan. He arrives back after successfully finding one but also warns Kowalski that the roads and intersections are teeming with police and agents. After they help Kowalski fit the pan they offer to help him with a plan to run a roadblock. Kowalski successfully gets through the roadblock by having flashing police lights mounted on the roof and rushing at the roadblock; in the dimming light the police think its another police car and hurriedly let him through. However an officer fires a shot at the retreating Challenger and blows out the rear screen. Afterwards Kowalski shuts off his headlights and vanishes into the woods, using night vision goggles he bought from the guy with the scanner. The police helicopter has infrared detectors but Kowalski evades being seen by hiding the car under a large piece of tin. He wakes up from a nightmare about his wife at 7:19 a.m., finds a phone booth and calls the hospital, speaking to the same doctor as previously. Kowalski then drives down the road to where the movie began. Upon seeing the roadblock, he stops where we first see him in the beginning. A flashback reveals that his wife died at 7:19 a.m. after her kidneys failed. He then drives his car into the roadblock at full speed. An epilogue by "The Voice" reveals that although the authorities claim he died in the crash, the body was never found and that some witnesses claim he bailed out just before the crash and escaped authorities with the help of sympathetic onlookers. A scenario is given where his former Mexican friend finds his tags and shows he is now living in the wilderness with his newborn daughter.'] ['David and Linda Howard are typical 1980s yuppies in Los Angeles who are fed up with their lifestyle. He works in an advertising agency and she for a department store. But after he fails to receive a promotion he was counting on and is asked to transfer to the firm\'s New York office instead, David angrily insults his boss and is fired. He coaxes his wife to quit her job as well and seek a new adventure. The Howards decide to liquidate their assets and drop out, "like in Easy Rider", heading out to see the country in a Winnebago recreational vehicle. They leave L.A. with "nest egg", but don\'t get very far. The plan goes awry when Linda loses nearly all their cash playing roulette at the Desert Inn Casino in Las Vegas. Out of money and with nowhere to go, the couple ends up in Safford, Arizona. David unsuccessfully applies for a delivery job at a local pharmacy and resorts to an employment agency. Obnoxiously reminded by a counselor about being fired from his high-paying job in advertising, David accepts the best position available—as a crossing guard, taunted by local school kids. Linda, meanwhile, has found employment as the assistant manager at the local Der Wienerschnitzel, working under a kid half her age. She and David are living in a trailer park, almost broke and now accountable to brats. Only a few days after beginning their pursuit of the dream of dropping out of society, they decide that it is better to get back their old lifestyle as soon as possible. They point the Winnebago toward New York, where David begs for his old job back.'] ["After serving an eighteen-month sentence for breaking and entering, Git Hynes, ([[Peter McDonald  walks into trouble on the day of his release from jail. He goes to meet his ex-girlfriend Sabrina Bradley, , who has dumped him for his best friend Anto ([[David Wilmot . When Git goes to confront Anto about this, he learns that the latter's gambling addiction has left him heavily in debt to the bookies, who are about to take his fingers as collateral. Git jumps in and saves his friend from a beating, but uses a broken bottle to permanently disfigure the ringleader, who happens to be the nephew of mob boss Tom French ([[Tony Doyle . At a sit-down, Tom French decrees that Git must work off Anto's debt as punishment for his interference. He is ordered to drive to Cork to find French's associate Frank Grogan ; and bring him back to Dublin. Holding Anto as a hostage, French pairs the reluctant Git with half-wit and heavy handed mobster, Bunny Kelly . While bickering and dodging bullets, the two encounter mayhem and discover each others' deepest secrets. An unlikely friendship begins to develop between them. {{Expand section}}"] ["The film opens in the Southwest Florida Youth Detention Center, where we are introduced to the protagonist, Ryan Kazinski  in his cell, obviously having a difficult time with his confinement. We are also shown the harsh conditions and level of discipline in the facility through prisoner's interactions with guards and Ryan's own experience with the warden. Later while on trash pickup detail, a fight breaks out between two inmates, and several other inmates  escape in the confusion. Kazinski and two other inmates are seen running through an orange grove and a swamp, eventually coming to a farmhouse where they enter the house and steal civilian clothes. The inmates leave the farmhouse and travel down a dirt road to a rural convenience store where Ryan steals an ice cream bar. While he is eating in the restroom, the other two escapees steal a truck and drive away, leaving Ryan behind. Ryan emerges to find them gone and is questioned by some of the locals who take a liking to him and ask him about his plans and whether he intends to keep running. One of the locals gives Ryan a ride into town. In the city, Ryan spends time listening to a street musician and talking with a parking meter. Ryan then ends up in a supermarket where he inhales nitrous oxide from whipped cream cans and observes and interacts with customers. Upon leaving the supermarket, Ryan steps on the bottle cap of one of two men who are drinking beer on the hood of a car. The men become offended and one proceeds to beat Ryan unconscious. While unconscious Ryan has a vision of a silhouetted woman against a blue sky. Ryan is recognized and awakened by three other ex-inmates, with whom he attends a party. He leaves, assuring his friends that he has a place to stay. Ryan visits his brother, who questions him as to why he ran when he only had one month left of his sentence to serve. Ryan cannot answer, and informs his brother of his plan to go to Colorado and seek his mother. Ryan's brother then reluctantly tells him to leave before he becomes too attached to him again. Ryan enters a bus station and asks for a one-way ticket to Denver. He discovers that he doesn't have the money for the ticket, and after attempting to bribe the bus station manager he is thrown out of the bus station. Ryan then hitches a ride with a lady who takes him to a doughnut shop. While she is inside, he discovers a gun in her purse, steals it, and runs away. Ryan is later approached by one of the other escapees who enlists his help in breaking into a veterinary clinic to steal drugs. The two break in, but while the other inmate steals the drugs, Ryan is distracted by the dogs in the kennels, one of which he frees and later places in the window of his brother's room. Soon after, Ryan is spotted by police. He pulls out his gun, which the police notice, and then runs. The police fire two shots, but it is never made clear if Ryan is hit. The following morning, Ryan is seen observing planes taking off and landing at a small airport. He approaches a man sitting at a table and asks if he could take him up. The man notices the gun in Ryan's hand, and we then see the plane taking off. The film ends with Ryan looking out of the window smiling."] ['Rachel  is a woman looking for a way out of her dead-end existence. Six years after she ran away from her home in Utah, Rachel is living in Las Vegas, where she works as an exotic dancer and an occasional call girl. Rachel lives in a fantasy world as a way of distancing herself from her bleak surroundings, and she imagines that a Prince Charming will one day rescue her from her fallen world. On the inside she is still a dreamy little girl who believes in fairy tales. She thinks that her prince may have finally arrived when she meets Navy , a high-class stud-for-sale who has tired of his humiliating life in the sex industry. Navy is fond of Rachel, and when he decides to leave male prostitution behind and move to Montana to start a new life, she eagerly joins him. However, along the way she persuades him to make a stop in Utah so that she can check in with her family. Rachel and Navy discover that it\'s difficult to hide their respective pasts from Rachel\'s straightlaced family and that they\'re out of step with life in small town America. Navy also finds himself attracted to Rachel\'s gorgeous and "virginal" stepsister, Lilli , which leads a heartbroken Rachel to run away just as Navy realizes that Rachel is the one for him. He dramatically rescues her from psychotic drifters.'] ['The film is a road-trip themed dark comedy about two young brothers who run away from home due to emotional conflict over the divorce of their parents. Jacob Tierney plays older brother Josh who unintentionally brainwashes his younger brother Sam  making him believe that he was a genetically designed child warrior. Josh says that Sam is actually an acronym, and that he is a "Strategically Altered Mutant" that was designed by the government to fight in a secret war in Africa. After a series of various suspicious coincidences in Josh\'s lies, Sam eventually believes that he is a S.A.M. Josh says that he can be safely deactivated and turned back into a human if he reaches Canada. After a thunderstorm grounds their flight in Dallas forcing them to stay in hotel, Josh grows impatient with his mother and decides to abandon Sam and his life. Blocked at all exits by hotel officials, he heads into a high school reunion to seek refuge. He later lies that his mother was a graduate, and he finds Derek Baxter , a drunken man claiming to be his father. Before Josh has time to clear his lie, Sam appears and, shortly thereafter, Derek drives them to their "grandparents\'" house to tell the good news. Upon entering the house Derek overreacts to a picture of the real family and goes after Josh. After Sam hits him with a cueball, Josh reacts defensively and hits Derek on the head with a pool cue, supposedly killing him. In panic, the two brothers steal his rental car and begin their trek to Canada. After a day of Josh and Sam driving they encounter Alison , who is an older teen runaway from Hannibal, Missouri. They pick her up due to a resemblance to another lie of Josh\'s, the Liberty Maid. According to the Liberty Maid\'s description she aids fleeing S.A.M.\'s to Canada, in the similar way of Harriet Tubman. Alison travels with them as their driver and during the run develops a bond with Josh. After a run-in with a cop outside of Salt Lake City, Sam flees, causing a chase through the desert that nearly kills Sam as he crawls under a train. After Josh and Allison reach the car, they dash to the road to continue their journey. During a night stop in a motel, Sam decides to leave Josh and Alison as he steals the car. Later that day, Josh and Alison part ways after she fails to convince him to live in Seattle with her. After a long walk, he discovers the car on the side of the road. Unfortunately, Sam is not there, but he discovers a bus stop nearby and rides it the rest of the way to Canada. On the bus, he sees Sam riding on the back of a semi-truck and, after he and Sam reunite, they walk across the border into Canada. In Calgary, Canada, Josh tries several attempts to un-brainwash him back to normal. Among these, is a trip to a tanning booth, saying that will deactivate him. After that, Sam is sent back home to Orlando on a plane. Feeling unwanted at home and considering himself a fugitive, Josh stays behind. He soon finds out that Derek is alive and is given a reason to return home. Among one of the advancements of the film was learning to trust and love one another in the face of the emotional turmoil of their new family situation.'] ['The film is about Melanie Porter , a 17-year-old college-bound girl who is getting ready to graduate from high school and really wants to go to Georgetown University. However, her father James Porter , the chief of police in the quiet Chicago suburb where they live, is overprotective of Melanie, and isn\'t ready for her to leave and study so far away from home. Chief Porter has other plans for Melanie; he wants her to go to Northwestern University which is only 28 minutes away from home. Porter also receives problems from disagreements with his real estate agent wife, Michelle , the family pig Albert, who continuously annoys him, and his youngest son Trey, who spends much time with the pig. Melanie gets invited to an interview at Georgetown after a college recruiter saw her performance at a mock trial. Her two best friends, Nancy  and Katie , offer to take her on their college road trip to Pittsburgh. Melanie is all set to go with her friends until her father surprises her with his own college road trip to Washington, D.C.. On their way, Melanie reluctantly visits Northwestern to take a tour. They meet an almost-too-happy father and daughter duo, Doug  and Wendy , who are on their own college road trip. Porter has planted actors at Northwestern, one screaming at Melanie they lost an eye at Georgetown. Melanie almost falls for it until one of the actors says to her "Yeah, the chief\'s a pretty smart guy", since he never met Porter. Their car soon breaks down and they find Trey in the trunk with Albert and a supply of oxygen. They stop at a hotel  but end up causing trouble when Albert eats coffee beans and becomes hyperactive. They run into Doug and Wendy again, who offer Melanie and Porter a ride since Porter\'s car broke down. Later, Melanie and her father ride on a tour bus where they try to work out their differences. At one destination, Nancy and Katie show up and take Melanie to a sorority house. Porter, due to a misunderstanding, and the owner not letting him in to check on her, sneaks into the house. After hearing that his daughter has faith in him, he decides to leave the next morning. Unfortunately, after Melanie leaves, he gets caught by the owner and brutally tased. Porter\'s mother comes to bail him out, and opens up about her own past fears when her son went to the Army, but still believed in her son to go his own path. Porter and Melanie end up forgiving each other at the airport. After dropping off Trey, they skydive to make the interview at Georgetown. Melanie is nervous, but Porter tells her she can do it and that they didn\'t come all this way for nothing. She then is accepted into Georgetown, which Wendy is accepted into too. In the end, James copes with letting go and the final scene shows the family at Thanksgiving dinner. Melanie introduces her friend Tracy . James learns to cope with this, and Doug\'s daughter announces her engagement to Scooter  which causes an enraged Doug to finally freak out and attack him. Deleted scenes include an alternate opening where James foils a bank robbery and a phone conversation where Michelle Porter, a real estate agent, is listening to Melanie\'s and James\'s complaints while Michelle is in the middle of showing a house to a couple. The couple think Michelle is talking to another buyer and decide to buy the house themselves.'] ["The film  concerns two Israeli car salesmen who initially think the world is their oyster after a rare 1985 Lincoln Continental limousine – curiously with Quebec license plates  – falls into their laps at their used-car dealership in Tel Aviv. After reviewing a publication by the corporate German dealership Auto Decker in Düsseldorf, they are led to believe that the car could net them as much as €50,000 and sail with the vehicle to Germany in order to sell it. While learning that the task may not be as easy as hoped, they are also confronted with a number of emotional episodes. Shmuel  is an Ashkenazi Jew, whose parents were Holocaust survivors, and is surprised to find how affected he is by the voyage. His companion Siso  is a Mizrahi Jew of modest means who, unlike his companion, has no working knowledge of English , and is therefore often overwhelmed and confused during their experience. To Siso, Shmuel's history is largely unknown, and a tragic curiosity. The dialogue between Siso and Shmuel is in Hebrew, but due to the circumstances, much of the film is also in English and German."] ["Two buddies set out on a low-budget road trip that will take them around the world in this independent comedy drama. Charlie and Cliff are two close friends who work together selling bathroom supplies. Charlie loves to travel and spends as much time as he can seeing the world on the cheap; Cliff, however, gets nervous about the prospect of going far away from home, and while he often promises to tag along with Charlie, he never does it. However, when Charlie proposes that they go to Thailand for the monthly Full Moon Party, the request coincides with the passing of Cliff's old buddy Paul. Paul had been planning a global journey at the time of his death, and Cliff decides to honor his friend's wishes by scattering Paul's ashes in the four corners of the earth. With two weeks available, Charlie and Cliff set out to visit as many nations as humanly possible, scamming room and board whenever they can, and releasing a bit of Paul's remains at every stop."] ['The film is about a projection-equipment repair mechanic named Bruno Winter  and a depressed hitchhiker Robert Lander  who has just been through a break-up with his wife and a half-hearted suicide attempt. They travel along the Western side of the East-German border in a repair truck, visiting worn-out movie theaters. The movie contains many long shots without dialogue, and it was filmed in black and white by long-time Wenders collaborator Robby Müller.{{cite news}}'] ["The film, mainly comprising an unexpected road trip, is the story of a middle class girl  and a thief  brought together under strange circumstances. The movie revolves around the pair chased by an eccentric bank robber,  and the police ([[Rami Reddy . Filming was done at Mudumalai Forests, Tamil Nadu, India. Sridevi's acclaimed performance of an innocent girl stuck in a tight spot, won her awards. She also sang a song  for this film."] ['Lonnie Earl Dodd is a Little Rock car dealer who stars in his own cheesy television commercials. He and his wife Darlene are best friends with Roy and Candy Kirkendall, who are trying to start a family. When the two couples decide to drive cross-country to see a monster truck rally, Lonnie Earl pulls a new SUV off his lot and the four set off. En route, they stop at an Amarillo, Texas restaurant where Lonnie Earl is determined to win a free dinner by consuming a 72-ounce steak and all the trimmings within an hour. Darlene longs to see the Grand Canyon, but Lonnie Earl insists they stick to their schedule and refuses to fulfill her dream. It becomes increasingly clear Darlene is living timidly in her husband\'s shadow, kowtowing to his demands and accepting his verbal and emotional abuse without complaint. In Reno, a fortune teller tells Candy she is expecting a baby, and she buys several home pregnancy tests to see if she is right. She\'s overjoyed when all the results are positive, but complications arise when Roy calls Doc Tuley for the results of a fertility test he took before leaving home. Roy is sterile, and therefore clearly not the father of Candy\'s child. Darlene notices an uneasy glance between Lonnie Earl and Candy and realizes the two have been having an affair. Devastated, she treats herself to a complete and very expensive makeover and goes to see Tony Orlando perform, determined not to let her insensitive husband rob her of this dream as well. Meanwhile, Roy is in the hotel lounge trying to make headway with Brenda, who unbeknownst to him is a high-class hooker. Eventually the two couples return to their suite, where they engage in loud arguments and fisticuffs. The following day they discover Darlene has found the ultimate way to avenge her husband\'s boorish treatment of her - she has donated the SUV he intended to sell when they returned home to be destroyed by an enormous, fire-breathing Robosaurus during the monster truck rallyDouglas Malewicki\'s actual Robosaurus thrill ride is featured at this point of the filmThe movie trailer on youtube. Minute [1:49] "So what do you say we sacrifice a new car".. In an epilogue we learn Roy and Candy are the parents of three children, the results of the fertility test having been incorrect. Lonnie Earl and a confident Darlene are equal partners in his business, and she has become the star of the still-cheesey ads he continues to make.'] ["Two French pals, one an unemployed young man named Otto  living with his mother in state housing, and the other his girlfriend Louna , who is a hairdresser and has the bailiffs after her, reflect on the lack of meaning in their lives, their society and the system. In a spirit of rebellion against everything, they hit the road and what follows is an anarchic adventure. A teenage Arab immigrant named Ali  enters the story. Ali's family tries to hide its ethnic origins by going to extreme measures in switching to French customs."] ['{{plot}} The movie opens with Joe Tyler , a process server, a week late, serving a Mafia kingpin known as Fat Charlie  with a summons to appear as a witness in court, and his abrasive boss Ray  ridiculing him for such while complimenting his rival server Tony  for serving multiple targets in record time. Willing to give him one last shot, Ray gives Joe the assignment to serve British socialite Sara Moore  with divorce papers from her husband, Gordon , who is at his ranch in Texas with a mistress, Kate , while Sara vacations in upstate New York. While attempting to serve her, Sara is tipped off by Tony, thus revealing that the reason Joe has been failing is because Tony has been sabotaging his efforts. Eventually Joe does serve her, but is mugged by Fat Charlie\'s goons , leading to them taking his car. The two are forced to take the same bus, they enter a conversation where Joe tells her that, because her husband had the papers filled out due to Texas law, she stands to gain nothing from the divorce. After finding out that the typical "half of everything" law would apply if the papers had been served under New York law, Sara offers Joe a million dollars to serve her husband and rip up her papers. Although he\'ll lose his job, Joe agrees and the two set off to serve Gordon. When Ray hears of this, he tells Gordon and sends Tony off to re-serve Sara. Gordon in turn hires a bodyguard  to protect himself, and Joe, expecting Tony to tail him, leaves a set of bogus clues that lead him to Miami, Florida; Bangor, Maine; and then Amarillo, Texas; where he\'s shot in the back as he attempts to get on the grounds of the wrong ranch to try to serve the papers. Sara and Joe trail Gordon to his ranch, but Gordon evades them. Eventually they stay at a hotel where Gordon\'s mistress makes a new deal to Joe for one million dollars of the divorce settlement in return for Gordon\'s location. Joe agrees, but the entire deal is a set-up to get Tony into their apartment to serve Sara. Furious, Sara kicks Joe out. While Joe contemplates his lost fortune and budding love for Sara, he sees Tony\'s watch in the picture he took of him serving Sara, and calls Ray to inform him that Tony forgot to set his watch to the correct time zone, and thus the papers do not take effect until 7:04. With mere minutes until they both lose a fortune, Joe and Sara trail Gordon to a rodeo, where they evade Gordon\'s bodyguard and Tony in a motorbike competition. With seconds to spare before 7:04, Gordon is knocked out by a pack of beer dropped on his head by Sara, and Joe serves him under New York law which Gordon, finally accepting the loss, takes the serve as he\'s being photographed. Tony and Gordon\'s bodyguard are seen being carried out of the stadium, who Joe refers to as, "Guy who got ran over,"  and "Guy who RAN you over," . The film ends with Joe and Sara at Joe\'s dream vineyard, where they taste-test Joe\'s first bottle before going inside to have sex.'] ['Meet the Libner brothers: Marvin ([[Daniel Stern , the oldest, is a sergeant in the U.S. Air Force. Buddy , the middle child, is a timid dreamer. Bobby , the youngest, is a handsome rebel in reform school. As kids, they fought a lot and as adults, they barely speak to each other. In the summer of 1963, their tough and eccentric father, Fred , gives them a task: to bring a 1954 Cadillac, bought for their mother, Betty , from Detroit to Miami. As the trip goes on, the three brothers fight and begin to reconnect with each other, while trying to keep the Caddy in mint condition.'] ['Michael Bannon , a wealthy but bored businessman, issues the code word "Gumball" to his fellow automobile enthusiasts, who gather in a garage in New York City to embark on a coast-to-coast race "with no catalytic converter and no 55-mile-per-hour speed limit." Their nemesis, the evil LAPD Lieutenant Roscoe , also learns of the race and most of the film is devoted to the adventures of the various driving teams and Roscoe\'s ineffectual attempts to apprehend them. A number of running gags ensue – the Jaguar that will not start; the silent Lapchick\'s  numerous mishaps; Italian race driver Franco Bertolli\'s  frequent detours to seduce beautiful women – as well as some splendid stunts and driving sequences. The race ends at the Queen Mary in Long Beach, California where the finishers celebrate their adventures and the defeated Roscoe sulks off to one side – until a fleet of police cars and tow trucks, all in conspiracy with Roscoe, arrive to impound the vehicles; as it proves, Roscoe had contrived in advance to see to it that all of them were guaranteed to be illegally parked. Bannon congratulates Roscoe on his final victory and again utters the command "Gumball" to initiate a race back to New York.'] ['Freddie  is a former stripper marrying Sam  to repay a debt owed to nightclub owner Red. But Freddie is in love with Jjaks , Sam\'s brother. Jjaks and Freddie run off together, and Sam finds where they have been hiding and calls the cops. Meanwhile someone calls to blackmail Sam and Jjaks. Sam ends up shooting Freddie in the stomach in Jjak\'s car, and tries to frame the killing on Jjaks. Sam partially admits his crime to a waiter in the local diner. Jjaks hastily avoids being caught by the police, and eventually Sam ends up shooting and killing Red  when he threatens Sam. Sam confronts Jjaks and Freddie, who had survived the wound, in a hotel room. Sam ends up getting shot when Jjaks and Freddie try to defend themselves. A corrupt Detective, Ben Costikyan  enters the hotel room and suffocates Sam by holding his hand against his mouth. A few months later, Ben is arrested in his underwear inside his mansion. Jjaks and Freddie have since had a falling out. Jjaks remembers Freddie\'s dream: that she wants to live in Las Vegas. He hitchhikes there and she romantically says "What took you so long?" They embrace each other.'] ["Car thief Dick Kanipsia gets a parole from a penitentiary. He intends to go straight, but first he goes directly to see an old friend, Harry Moss, only to be shocked to see Harry get shot. Harry's dying words tell Dick to go find Barry Fenaka, a guy who supposedly knows where to find a stash of stolen cash that Harry has hidden. Dick picks up a hitch-hiker along the way, Kitty Kopetzky, who starts out as a friendly free spirit, then turns into a nut case who robs a diner where she and Dick go to eat. Fenaka turns out to be a small-time bandleader. He and his wife take Dick and Kitty along as passengers in their recreational vehicle on their way to retrieve Harry's money. But a mysterious black van is following them every foot of the way, resulting in a big surprise for all concerned."] ['Marie is a teenage girl living a semi-criminal life on the streets of Paris with her friends. Her mother, Élisa, suffering from a deep depression, tried to kill little Marie when she was very young and subsequently committed suicide, while her father has never been part of her life. One day she decides to take revenge on her father for not helping her when she lost her mother. But when she finds him she realises that she cannot kill her own father, at least not before he has had the chance to explain{{Clarify me}}'] ['"Blue" Monroe  is a 16-year-old juvenile offender  who is dying of abdominal cancer. Dr. Michael Reynolds  is Blue\'s rich, self-absorbed oncologist. During a medical visit, the patient discovers that he has only a month to live and decides to escape. He kidnaps Dr. Reynolds and forces him to drive to Arizona to visit a mountain lake sacred to the Navajo people. The trip forces both to confront their sense-of-self and life choices.'] ['Alexander , a bearded poet, leaves his seaside apartment in Thessaloniki after learning he has a terminal illness and must enter a hospital the next day for an unspecified "test". He is trying to get his affairs in order and find a new master for his dog. Alexander saves a six- or seven-year-old boy who is a vagrant window washer from a band of policemen who are chasing down similar boys. He pays a visit to his thirtyish daughter , and musing on his likely dead wife, Anna , who appears as almost the same age as their daughter. At his daughter’s apartment, he does not tell her of his diagnosis, instead hands her letters written by his wife, her mother. She reads them. He learns that his daughter and her lover have sold his apartment for demolition without telling him. The boy is trying to leave Greece but the way to Albania is not exactly an easy one, Alexander sees at the snowy mountain border an eerie barbed wire fence with what seem to be bodies stuck to it. As the pair wait for the gate to open, they have a change of mind about crossing, when the boy admits has been lying about his life in Albania. The two of them barely escape a border sentry who chases them and make it back to Alexander\'s automobile. The boy’s perilous existence brings Alexander out of his stupor and self-pity, and seemingly re-energizes him in his love for a dead 19th century Greek poet, Dionysios Solomos , whose poem he longs to finish. The old poet and the boy are connected by fear. The former over what lies ahead, and if his life has had impact, and the latter over what lies ahead in his — especially a perilous return trip to Albania where, as he explains to Alexander, the path over the mountains is lined with land mines, as well as men who kidnap street boys to sell them for black market adopters . He pays a visit to his housekeeper, Urania . She is manifestly smitten with him, but is in the middle of a wedding party and dance between her son and his bride. The scene plays on until Alexander interrupts. He leaves the dog, and then the dance and music, which had stopped, resumes as if nothing had halted it. The boy goes to the ruins of a hospital, mourning another young boy, Selim, via a candlelight vigil, with dozens of other youths. The pair take a bus trip and encounter all sorts of people, from a tired political protester to an arguing couple to a classical music trio. They also look out the window as a trio of people on bicycles pedal by them, oddly dressed in bright yellow raincoats. The boy departs in the middle of the night, stowing aboard a huge, brightly lit ship whose destination is unknown. Alexander enters his old home. He looks about, exits out the back door, and into the sunny past where Anna and other friends are singing. They stop, ask him to join them, then they all dance, and soon, there is only the poet and his wife in motion. Then, she slowly pulls away, and he claims his hearing is gone. He also cannot see her, it seems. He calls out and asks how long tomorrow will be, after he has told her he refuses to go into the hospital, as planned. She tells him tomorrow will last eternity and a day.'] ['The film opens as Vann Siegert  decides to turn left onto a road, striking out on a new path in life. His first stop is a bar, where he meets Casper . They leave the bar together in his truck. Casper asks Vann to pull over at a rest stop to get high. After she shoots up, she balances her syringe on the open glove box, noticing a flask. She asks what is in it, and Vann answers that it is full of amaretto. After drinking it, she passes out. Vann carries her body into the bathroom and arranges it to look as if she overdosed. While sleeping on the beach in his truck, Vann is awakened by a cop who tells him he has to get a room somewhere. The next day, he arrives at the home of Doug and Jane Durwin ([[Brian Cox . He rents out the room of their missing daughter. Doug recommends he look for work at the post office, as they are hiring seasonal help for Christmas. As he is tidying up, Vann passes out and daydreams that he is digging a grave. Detectives Blair and Graves  stand over him, asking taunting questions about his methods. Throughout the film, Vann has imaginary conversations/psychotic breaks with reality with the two detectives. Vann is shown retrieving a kit from under his car. It contains a poison, which he places in the flask and then fills with amaretto. Doug takes Vann to a high school football game, where he meets a star athlete and his family. A few days later, Vann offers the boy a ride and murders him, burying his body on a beach. He explains in one of the many voice overs about his methods, that he never plans out his murders and he never commits any violence. His victims just go to sleep and do not wake up. Vann also reveals that the murder of the footballer broke two of his personal rules: Don\'t kill anyone you know, and don\'t kill anyone from your town. Vann helps the town search for the missing athlete and even attends his memorial service. His ties to the community grow as he is given more responsibility at the post office. One of his co-workers, Ferrin , sheepishly pursues him. Doug drives Ferrin to the beach. The pair exchange an awkward hug, which betrays the difficulties Vann has with physical intimacy, despite his warm and outgoing personality with everyone he meets. The embrace occurs directly over the spot where Vann buried the high school footballer. On Christmas Day, Vann goes to a diner and chooses another victim . She invites him to her home, where he sees that she is a painter. Something about her work disturbs him and he flees. Vann returns to the diner and slips poison into the water of a man  eating alone. An autopsy reveals that the death was the result of a rare poison derived from tree bark fungus found in Oregon. The poison is then linked with the murder of Casper. The young athlete\'s body is found and also linked to the same poison. Vann knows that the police will eventually tie the murders to him. While looking in the mirror, he pulls hairs off his jacket and puts them in an envelope on which he writes \'FERRiN\'. Jane is found dead by a blow to the back of the head. The police suspect Doug, but Vann is worried that the increased scrutiny from another murder will lead the police to him. During a date with Ferrin, he tries to initiate sex by beating her. She is terrified, and Vann is mortified. The next day, Vann is seen playing the piano – the tune "Ain\'t We Got Fun" – and Doug starts singing and dancing around the room. The police arrive and arrest Doug for the murder of Jane. Vann packs his things. Before he leaves town, he puts his postal uniform and the envelope with Ferrin\'s hair sample in a mailbox. The film ends as he drives on the highway, pursued by the same cop who stopped him on the beach. After taking a good look with her spotlight, she smiles at him and takes the right fork in the road while Vann takes the left. In a voice-over monologue prior to this scene, Vann vows to stop killing whenever he gets where he is going. However, Vann explains that he does not know where he is going.'] ['The Leningrad Cowboys, a band with foot-long quiff hairstyles and long Winklepicker shoes to match, are seeking success in Siberia, but nobody seems to like their music. Thwarted by a lack of local commercial potential, they are encouraged to move to America, for people will "buy anything" there. They depart for New York, bringing with them a band member who had frozen the previous night while practicing outside. They arrive at the CBGB bar in Manhattan. An agent offers them a gig at a wedding in Mexico and recommends that they change their musical style to rock and roll. They buy a used Cadillac, strap the coffin carrying their frozen band member onto the roof and set off to earn their way through the Deep South, adapting their musical style to suit local tastes at each new location. All the while they are being driven on and exploited by their money and food hoarding manager Vladimir , who has a seemingly unlimited supply of beer in the ice-filled coffin. Unknown to them, they are being pursued by the village idiot, Igor , who idolizes the band and has followed them from Siberia. During the trip, the band spends time in jail, has their car engine stolen, causes a nightclub to close after playing an unsuccessful show, and reunites with a long-lost cousin . They eventually make it to Mexico and their wedding gig, where the thawing bass guitarist is revived with a shot of tequila and joins the group on stage. The manager wanders off, but the band finally finds success in Mexico, making the top ten.'] ['Set in 1969, Alan Parker  is a young artist, studying at the University of Maine. He becomes obsessed with death, and believing he is losing his girlfriend, Jessica , he tries to commit suicide on his birthday. His friends surprise him and he cuts himself sending him to the hospital. He eventually recovers and decides to go with them to a John Lennon concert. Before leaving he receives news that his mother, Jean , is in the hospital because of a stroke and is near death. Alan decides to hitchhike to reach the hospital before his only relative dies. On his way there, he has multiple strange encounters with the living and dead. The film ends when Alan, now in his 40\'s, tells the audience that his mother died of a heart attack while watching television. He married his girlfriend Jessica, but it only lasted four years. He never made it as an artist, but he does go to the theme park every summer in memory of his mother. While walking from the park, a person that looks like his friend George Staub offers him a ride, but he refuses. He tells him to "take your button and get outta here."'] ["A blind Italian captain, accompanied by his aide Ciccio, who has been assigned to him by the army, is on his way from Turin to Naples to meet with an old comrade who was also disfigured in the same military incident. Unknown to his aide, the Captain means to fulfill a suicide pact there. While they journey, the Captain asks Ciccio to help him spot beautiful women. Unsatisfied with the boy's descriptions, he uses his nose instead, claiming that he can smell a beautiful woman. During their journey, he carries with him a picture of his beloved Sara, whom he could not bear to have see him disfigured and helpless. The suicide pact is eventually thwarted once Sara enters the picture, and the boy Ciccio does some much-needed growing up."] ['Mirza, a famous Kurdish musician, hears that his ex-wife Hanare is in trouble. He, accompanied by his two sons, embarks on an adventurous journey across the Iran-Iraq border to find her.'] [' Kermit the Frog enjoys a relaxing afternoon in a Florida swamp, singing "Rainbow Connection" and strumming his banjo, when he is approached by an agent who encourages Kermit to pursue a career in show business. Inspired by the idea of "making millions of people happy," Kermit sets off on a cross-country trip to Hollywood, but is soon pursued by the villainous Doc Hopper and his shy assistant Max in an attempt to convince Kermit to be the new spokesman of his struggling French-fried frog legs restaurant franchise, at which Kermit is horrified. As Kermit continues to spurn Doc\'s advances, Hopper resorts to increasingly vicious means of persuasion. Kermit then meets Fozzie Bear, who had been working as a hapless stand-up comedian in a sleazy bar. Kermit invites Fozzie to accompany him, and the two set out in Fozzie’s Studebaker. The duo’s journey includes misadventures which introduce them to a variety of eccentric human and Muppet characters, including Dr. Teeth and The Electric Mayhem and their manager Scooter , Gonzo and Camilla the Chicken, Sweetums , and the immediately love stricken Miss Piggy. Kermit and Miss Piggy begin a relationship over dinner that night, when Doc Hopper and Max kidnap Miss Piggy to lure Kermit into a trap. Using an electronic cerebrectomy device, mad scientist Professor Krassman , brainwashes Kermit to perform in Doc’s commercials until Miss Piggy, insulted by the Krassman, breaks free in a rage and defeats Doc Hopper\'s henchmen. After receiving a job offer, however, she promptly abandons Kermit in the restaurant alone and sad. After being joined by Rowlf the Dog, and eventually Miss Piggy once more, the Muppets continue their journey. Their car breaks down and during a campfire that night, they sadly consider that they may miss the audition tomorrow, and Gonzo cheers up most of the group with a song about his longing to find his place in the world, while Kermit wanders off, ashamed of himself for seemingly bringing his friends into a dead end, and wondering whether his dreams were really worth leaving home for. Upon consulting a more optimistic vision of himself, Kermit remembers that it was not just his friends\' belief in the dream that brought them this far, but also his own faith in himself. Reinvigorated, he returns to camp to find that the Electric Mayhem have read the script in advance, and arrived to help them the rest of the way. Just as it seems they are finally on their way, the group is warned by Max that Doc Hopper has hired an assassin to kill Kermi. Kermit decides he will not be hunted by a bully any longer and proposes a Western-style showdown in a nearby ghost town inhabited by Dr. Bunsen Honeydew and his assistant Beaker, who invent materials that have yet to be tested. While confronting Hopper, Kermit explains his motivations, attempting to appeal to Hopper’s own hopes and dreams, but Hopper is unmoved and orders his henchmen to kill him and all his friends. They are saved only when one of Dr. Bunsen\'s inventions, "insta-grow" pills, temporarily turns Animal into a giant, scaring off Hopper and his men. The Muppets proceed to Hollywood, and are hired by producer and studio executive Lew Lord . The Muppets attempt to make their first movie; a surreal pastiche of their experiences. The first take suddenly erupts into a catastophic explosion that makes a hole in the roof, through which a portion of rainbow shines through on the Muppets. The film ends as the Muppets, the characters from Sesame Street, the characters from Emmet Otter\'s Jug-Band Christmas, and the characters from "The Land of Gorch" segment of Saturday Night Live sing "Rainbow Connection." As the movie ends, Sweetums bursts through the screen having finally caught up with the rest of the Muppets.'] ["Mel Coplin and his wife, Nancy, live in New York, near Mel's neurotic, Jewish, adoptive parents, Ed and Pearl Coplin. Mel and Nancy have just had their first child, and Mel won't decide on a name for their son until he can discover the identity of his biological parents. After an adoption agency employee locates his biological mother's name in a database, Mel decides to meet her personally. Tina, the sexy but highly incompetent adoption agency employee, decides to accompany Mel, Nancy, and the newborn on a trip to San Diego to meet Mel's biological mother. The trip, of course, does not go as planned, and ends up becoming a tour of the United States. First, Mel is introduced to Valerie, a blond Scandinavian woman with Confederate roots whose twin daughters are at least six inches taller than Mel. They quickly realize that Valerie is not Mel's biological mother, and Tina scrambles to get the correct information from the agency database. Meanwhile, Nancy becomes jealous as Tina and Mel begin to flirt. Next, the group heads to rural Michigan with the hope of meeting the man whose name appears as the person who delivered infant Mel to the adoption agency. The man, Fritz Boudreau, turns out to be a trucker with a violent streak. However, when he discovers that Mel might be his son, he becomes instantly friendly and lets Mel drive his semi-trailer truck, which Mel immediately crashes into a Post Office building. This leads to a run-in with two ATF agents, Tony and Paul, who are gay and in a relationship with each other. It is discovered that Tony and Nancy went to high school together. Charges are dismissed, and Fritz Boudreau tells Mel that he is not Mel's father, but only handled Mel's adoption because Mel's biological parents were indisposed. Tina locates the current address of Mel's biological parents, which turns out to be in rural New Mexico. Tony and Paul surprise everyone by deciding to tag along on the trip. While Mel and Tina become close, Nancy finds herself flirting with Tony, who returns the compliment, causing friction. The trip through rural New Mexico is fraught with more problems. At last the whole crowd descends on the front porch of Mel's true biological parents, Richard and Mary Schlichting. They are asked to stay the night. While Richard and Mary are more than welcoming, Mel's biological brother Lonnie is overly rude and jealous. It is during dinner that Mel discovers that Richard and Mary had to let Mel be adopted because they were in jail for making and distributing LSD in the late 1960s. Not only that, but Richard and Mary continue to manufacture LSD, as becomes apparent when Lonnie, in an attempt to dose Mel with acid at dinner, accidentally doses Paul, the ATF agent. In his drugged state Paul tries to arrest Richard and Mary but Lonnie knocks him out with a frying pan. They attempt to escape and decide to take Mel's car, hiding their supply of acid in the trunk. Mel's adoptive parents arrive but then change their minds and decide to leave, taking the wrong car. When they change their minds again and make a blind U-turn, the two families crash. Mel's adoptive parents are arrested while his biological parents escape to Mexico. Not realizing what has happened Mel recounts the stories from dinner to Nancy and they agree to name the baby Garcia. The next day Paul explains the situation and is able to get Mel's parents released, and they are happy and reassured to hear Mel call them his parents. A montage of their relationships continues over the credits. They all still have their troubles but Mel and Nancy are happy together."] ['{{Plot|dateIntroductionPart IPart IIPart III The story picks up one year later: the homicidal couple have been imprisoned, and are due to be moved to a mental hospital after being declared insane. Scagnetti arrives at the prison and encounters Warden Dwight McClusky , with whom he plans to murder the two criminals. McClusky will arrange for Scagnetti to be the driver for the Knoxes\' transfer. Alone with the pair, Scagnetti will murder them, then claim that they tried to escape. Meanwhile, Gale has persuaded Mickey to agree to a live interview that will air immediately after the Super Bowl. Mallory is held in solitary confinement elsewhere in the prison, awaiting her transport to the mental hospital. During the interview, Mickey gives a speech about how murder provides enlightenment and declares himself a "natural born killer". His words inspire the other inmates  and incite them to riot. McClusky, upon learning of the riot, orders the interview terminated despite Gale\'s vehement protests. Mickey is left alone with Gale, the film crew and several guards. Using a lengthy joke as a diversion, Mickey overpowers a guard and grabs his shotgun. He kills most of the guards with it and takes the survivors hostage, leading them through the prison riot. Gale follows, giving a live television report as people are beaten and killed around him. Scagnetti is in Mallory\'s cell and attempts to seduce her. Mallory rebuffs his efforts, smashing his face against the wall and breaking his nose. The guards and Scagnetti subdue her. Still live on national television, Mickey engages in a Mexican standoff with Scagnetti, eventually feigning a concession. Mallory then approaches Scagnetti from behind and slashes his throat with a shank. To Scagnetti\'s horror, Mickey tells him that he was out of shotgun shells during the standoff. Mallory then picks up Scagnetti\'s gun and kills him. Mickey and Mallory continue to escape through the riot-torn prison, with Gale\'s entire TV crew getting killed. Gale himself snaps and begins to shoot at the guards with a pistol that he has taken from one of the dead guards. After being rescued by a mysterious prisoner named Owen Traft , the trio of Mickey, Mallory, and Gale run into McClusky and a heavily armed posse of guards. The trio takes cover in a blood-splattered shower room. McClusky threatens to storm the shower room; Mickey, in turn, threatens to kill both Gale and a guard on live TV, and the prisoners walk out the front door. McClusky and his guards are quickly massacred by hordes of inmates. Mickey and Mallory steal a van and kill the last guard; Owen\'s fate is unknown. Escaping to a rural location, they give a final interview to Gale before they tell him he must also die. He attempts various arguments to change their minds, finally appealing to their trademark practice of leaving one survivor; Mickey informs him they are leaving a witness to tell the tale – his camera. Gale accepts his fate and extends his arms as if on a cross as they shoot him dead while his unattended camera continues to roll. The couple is shown several years later, in an RV, with Mickey driving and Mallory  watching their two children play.'] ["Jeremy is an émigré from Manchester who owns a small New York City cafe. The cafe becomes a haven for Elizabeth as she tries to recover emotionally following the end of an affair. She finds comfort in the blueberry pie he bakes daily despite the fact that none of his other customers ever order it. Elizabeth, now calling herself Lizzie, eventually drifts to Memphis, Tennessee, where she takes two jobs, waitress by day and barmaid by night, in order to earn enough money to finance the purchase of a car. She regularly sends postcards to Jeremy without revealing where she lives or works and, although he tries to locate her by calling all the restaurants in the area, he fails to find her. Later on, he decides to send out postcards to any restaurants she may be to try to find her. One of Lizzie's regulars at both jobs is local policeman Arnie Copeland, an alcoholic who cannot accept the fact his wife Sue Lynne has left him and is flaunting her freedom by openly socializing with other men. He confesses to Lizzie his many attempts at achieving sobriety have ended in failure. One night, he drunkenly threatens his estranged wife with his gun if she leaves, then crashes his car and is killed. Lizzie comforts Sue Lynne, who gives her the money towards Arnie's tab at the bar Lizzie works at in the evening, before leaving town. Heading west, Elizabeth – now calling herself Beth – gets another waitress job at a casino in a small town in Nevada. Here she meets Leslie, an inveterate poker player who has lost all her money. Beth agrees to lend her $2200 in exchange for a third of her winnings or her car if she loses. When she does lose, she fulfills her promise by giving Beth the car, but asks her to drive her to Las Vegas so she can borrow money from her father, whom she has not seen in a long time. While en route she receives a call from a Vegas hospital, where her father has been admitted and is dying. Leslie believes the call is simply a ruse to lure her home, but upon arrival in Vegas she discovers her father died the previous night. Leslie announces she wants to keep the car, which she had stolen from her father, who had sent her the title and registration despite their estrangement. She confesses she really won the card game and gives Beth her promised share of the winnings, which she uses to finally purchase the car she always wanted. Elizabeth returns to Manhattan and, discovering her ex-boyfriend has vacated his apartment and moved on with his life, returns to the cafe, where Jeremy has had a stool at the counter reserved for her ever since she left. As she eats a slice of blueberry pie, Elizabeth realizes her feelings for him are reciprocated."] ['The film takes place in the summer of 1969, when NASA astronauts successfully landed on the moon for the first time, in the Apollo 11 spacecraft. Katherine, suffering from panic attacks caused by an automobile accident which resulted in the loss of their unborn child, refuses to leave the house, while Washington is a man of adventure who enjoys travel and experiencing life. As a result of the conflict between the two, eleven-year-old son Andy  has never traveled in a car, nor has he ever left town. Washington, who also maintains a ragtag collection of automobiles of various vintages, decides to travel with Andy to the Craters of the Moon National Park, arriving at the very moment the Apollo 11 crew lands on the moon. They make the trip in Washington\'s 1949 Pontiac Eight convertible nicknamed "the Chief", and make some enemies, new friends, and learn the meaning of family. The Pontiac\'s mileage, when arriving at its destination, will be exactly the distance in miles from the Earth to the moon. When Katherine finds out where her husband and son are going, she faces her fears , and follows them in one of Washington\'s cars, an Amphicar. She learns the importance of living as she follows the Pontiac to Craters Of The Moon. On the way, the Pontiac\'s engine dies, and Washington arranges for a mechanic to install a replacement engine, only to leave the premises without paying for the engine because he didn\'t have enough money to pay. At the moment of the Apollo 11 landing, the Pontiac crashes into a crater at Craters of The Moon, with Andy at the wheel. Katherine arrives, and they escape a police chase by driving the Amphicar into a lake to Canada and safety. The adventure brings the Bellamy family together, and they are now ready to begin a more normal life.'] ['In Marysville, Kansas, a paralyzed former singer, Jane, argues with her stuttering friend Joey about his belief that he can talk to the invisible world. One day, as she\'s out for some physiotherapy treatment, he messes up her house while searching for a book about angels that he has lent her but that she has not read. Frightening the neighbors, he is taken by the police to a hospital, where an angry Jane briefly visits. The following night, Joey escapes from his room and comes back to his friend\'s house in order to tidy it as she sleeps. While he cleans everything up, he finds a letter from her young son inviting her to his upcoming communion in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, where he lives with his adoptive family. Later on, as she has woken up, he asks her if he can spend the night on the couch. In the morning, the police knock on Jane\'s door and ask her if the escapee is in her house. She hesitates but eventually tells them that he\'s left. Decided not to go back to the psychiatric hospital nor to prison, Joey then begs Jane to join him on a planned trip to New Orleans, where a celebrated author writing about angels is due to hold a conference. Soon after they start driving, problems begin. Their engine heats up and their car explodes. They buy a new one but this one is stolen. They then board a coach and, while Jane sleeps, Joey meets a young lady called Billie by helping her find her wedding ring on the floor. She tells him her husband has disappeared without giving an address. Later on, the three passengers dine at Billie\'s sister with her friends. A romantic night follows and ends with fireworks. The next morning, Joey, Jane and Billie are driven to a restaurant by a relative, but Jane forgets her purse in the car. As nobody has enough money for the bill, Joey elaborates a plan to get them to the bus without paying. The plan does not work but they eventually get into the bus, where they argue about what they\'ve just done. The bus driver abandons them on a road in the middle of nowhere. Jane decides to go back home and Joey has to reveal the existence of her son\'s letter. At night, the three hear music and meet Caldwell, an old musician with whom they share some cake enhanced with drugs. The following day, Caldwell gives them a lift, as Jane reluctantly agrees to replace a singer who was due to sing two songs in a restaurant. In town, shortly before her planned show, Jane argues with Joey about his mothering her. She leaves the group and meets fellow travelers going to Iowa. The woman of the couple is ill and they are going their on their last trip to their children. This inspiring meeting persuades Jane to perform the show she was supposed to be at. She arrives on stage while Joey prays angels for her to come back. She sings "This Land Is Your Land" accompanied by Caldwell on electric guitar, to applause from the public in the club. After the concert, as they drive towards New Orleans, they notice their stolen car on the road and chase the thief. An accident ensues and everybody is arrested and subsequently freed except Caldwell who is taken to prison. Jane manages to give him a song written for him, where she stresses the beauty of birds. In New Orleans, Joey attends the conference about angels but discovers, while in the toilet, that the author is both a racist and a liar. He does not believe in what he writes and hates his Black and Mexican readership. Joey punches him in the face and the three travelers are expelled from the conference. They get to the train station and are bound to Baton Rouge when Billie receives a call. Her husband is on the phone and seems ready to come back home. She leaves Jane and Joey just before their train departs. In Baton Rouge, as they reach Jane\'s son\'s communion, she hesitates to get in, afraid that she will not recognize him seven years after her accident and subsequent coma. Joey tells her to sing, so that he will find her. She listens to his advice, and just like Joey had predicted, her son, who was just about to leave the place with his adoptive family, stops in front of her as he hears her sing. The final scene is set later back in Kansas. Joey and Jane are sitting in front of a lake, talking. Her son and his adoptive parents arrive for a visit. Jane and Joey hold their hands as the three approach.'] ['The film centers on four aspiring filmmakers, Rome, Buzz, Max, and One-Eye, who go on a surreal rampage and make their exploits into a movie. While evading law enforcement, the filmmakers discuss their plans on how to make their movie as violent and sexy as possible so that they can sell it for a lot of money. After the group blows up a gas station, Rome flirts with an attractive woman he meets on the street, Tess, and tries to cast her. He gives her a copy of the script to audition, but after reading it, she disgustedly argues with the group about the shallow, adolescent nature of their movie. The argument is part of the script, however, and Tess passes the audition. The group orchestrates a few more scenes of violence for the movie, at times by recruiting bystanders at gunpoint to play roles, while other times creating situations simply by writing them into the script. Needing a villain for the movie, the group decides to kidnap their favorite B-movie star, Virgil Morgan, and force him to participate. They arrive at Virgil\'s Hollywood home and abduct him. After a few unsuccessful attempts to film a scene, Virgil tutors the group on basic filmmaking skills. Most of the actors that appear in the film, including those whose characters have already been killed, gather in Virgil\'s living room and perform a read-through of the script. The group orchestrates a climatic car chase and gun battle. During the chase, the group decides to name their movie "Killer Flick", with the tagline "Because we\'d kill to make a movie". At the end of the chase, Tess is shot and killed. The group tearfully buries her, consoled in the knowledge that her death was required by the traditional structures of screenwriting.'] ['The story takes place in the fictional small town of Lode, New Mexico, where just about all of the male townsfolk work for a copper mining plant, including Power . Power  lives with his Aunt Joanie  and is always shown air-drumming to music, even when at work. It turns out he air-drums because his father never could afford to buy him drums. He does his air-drumming at a talent show in a local bar, where his only praise comes from a young boy. Unfortunately, the mining plant is poised to strike, but Power is fired for a mishap that is one too many just beforehand, therefore he cannot join in. Disappointed, he stumbles upon an ad for an underground air-drumming place about forty miles south of them just across the border in Mexico. The boy lends him his dirt bike to get there, but he ends up losing it while there. He joins in, playing a Rush song without sitting down, which makes him nearly pass out. When the police raid the place, he ducks everyone and gets away. Before heading back, he is given an invitation to join a group of air-drummers in Newark, New Jersey, so armed with his music and cereal, he hitchhikes his way to Newark. Once he gets there, he meets the crew, headed by Carlos, a former drummer who now has hooks in place of both of his hands , and he is given a job and a place to crash at a local Chinese restaurant owned by Michael Fong . Living upstairs from the restaurant is Samantha, a religious fanatic, and her hearing-impaired daughter, Annie . Annie does take an initial liking to Power, but her mother objects to it, and even eventually threatens to move to Florida when she catches them making out. Before doing so, Annie reveals that her mother used to be a groupie, and she went deaf in her youth from not wearing hearing protection while on stage with the bands.  A subplot involves a rich young guy called Dallas Houston  who does music videos and has his own product lines of every sorts. He has a secret admiration for air-drumming that his father, who happens to own the mining company that runs the Lode plant, abhors. Power works hard with the new crew for the upcoming air-drumming competition, eventually overcoming his shortcomings, but when he finds out the striking miners were assaulted by hired thugs and his dad is hospitalized, he bails on them and calls him, and they seem to make amends. Carlos decides the group must go on without Power, but as they are performing their group song, one of the members is disqualified for how he’s playing, which causes the others to start a fight and gets them DQed as well. Power, who comes in just in time for the solo competition, is the only one left eligible on their team. He plays along with Dallas H. and another female to Tom Sawyer in the finals. The girl drops out early, and after Power’s defective stool breaks and leaves him flat on the floor, it seems as though he would be out as well. However, he finds out Annie is in the crowd at the show when she tosses a Cheerio on stage right into his mouth.  With renewed energy, Power jumps up and continues playing without a stool  and outlasts Dallas to win the competition. He is presented the $2000 grand prize by Rush drummer Neil Peart  and has him make the check out to the workers union of the copper plant. Power’s dad, renewed by his son’s victory and generosity, helps to resume fighting.'] ['Dora is a retired schoolteacher who has become embittered. She works at Rio de Janeiro\'s Central Station, writing letters for illiterate customers, in order to make ends meet. She can be impatient with her customers and sometimes does not mail the letters she writes, putting them in a drawer or even tearing them up. Josué is a poor 9-year-old boy who has never met his father, but hopes to do so. His mother sends letters to his father through Dora, saying that she hopes to reunite with him soon, but when she is killed in a bus accident just outside the train station, the boy is left homeless. Dora takes him in and traffics him to a corrupt couple, but she is made to feel guilty by her neighbor and friend Irene and later steals him back. Dora is initially reluctant to be responsible for the boy, but ends up deciding to take a trip with him to Northeast Brazil in order to find his father\'s house and leave him there. Dora tries to leave Josué on the bus, but he follows her, forgetting his backpack containing Dora\'s money. Penniless, they are picked up by a kind, Evangelical truck driver who abandons them when Dora encourages him to drink beer and then grows too friendly. Dora trades her watch for a ride to Bom Jesus on the back of a truck. They find his father\'s address in Bom Jesus, but the current residents say that Jesus won a house in the lottery, and now lives in the new settlements, adding that he lost the house and money through drinking. With no money, Josué saves them from destitution by suggesting Dora write letters for the pilgrims who have arrived in Bom Jesus for a massive pilgrimage. This time she posts the letters. They take the bus to the settlements, but when they locate the address they have for Josué\'s father, they are told by the new residents that he no longer lives there and has disappeared. Josué tells Dora that he will wait for him, but Dora invites him to live with her. She calls Irene in Rio and asks her to sell her refrigerator, sofa and television. She says that she will call when she gets settled somewhere. After she hangs up, she learns that there are no buses leaving until the next morning. Isaías, one of Josué\'s half-brothers, is working on a roof next to the bus stop, and learns that they are looking for his father. After introducing himself, Dora says that she is a friend of his father and was in the area. Isaías insists that she and Josué, who, suspicious of the stranger, has introduced himself as Geraldo, come to dinner. They return to his house, where they meet Moisés, the other half-brother. Later, Isaías explains to Dora that their father married Ana, who he doesn\'t know is Josué\'s mother, after their mother died, and that nine years ago, while pregnant, Ana left her drunken lover for Rio and never returned. Isaías asks Dora to read a letter his father wrote to Ana when he disappeared, six months ago, in case she returned. In the letter, the boys\' father explains that he has gone to Rio to find Ana and the son he has never met. He promises to return, asks her to wait for him, and says they can all be together -- himself, Ana, Isaías and Moisés. At this point Dora pauses, looks at Josué and says, "and Josué, whom I can\'t wait to meet." Isaías and Josué both say that he will return, but Moisés doesn\'t think so. The next morning, while the sons sleep, Dora sneaks out to catch the bus for Rio. She first leaves beside the letter from Jesus the one from Ana to Jesus, the one Dora carried with her from the Central Station but never mailed, expressing Ana\'s wish for the family to be reunited. Josué wakes up too late to prevent her departure. Dora writes a letter to Josué on the bus. Both are left with the photos they had taken by which to remember one another.'] ['In a village stricken by drought, people are praying for rain and a Kurdish girl is trying to escape from an arranged marriage when she runs into a stranger.'] ["In the beginning, we see Jimmy Cliff , a call center executive who also teaches English, as the narrator. Pooja Singh  shows up outside his class and says she needs private tutoring. Without any hesitation, Jimmy quickly agrees as he has already fallen in love with her; he later finds out that Pooja's boss Bhaiyyaji  is the one that has to be tutored. As their love grows, Pooja reveals that she is only working for Bhaiyyaji to pay her debts and then go to Haridwar for her father's funeral. They decide to steal Bhaiyyaji's money and run away. The couple succeed in their mission, and Jimmy asks Pooja to guard the money while he goes to the call center. At the call centre, Jimmy learns that Bhaiyyaji is a maverick gangster who enjoys killing people and goes home to warn Pooja. Unexpectedly, Pooja has run away with all the money. Bhaiyyaji hires Bachchan Pande , a gangster to catch Jimmy. After getting caught, Jimmy and Bachchan head towards Haridwar to find Pooja and recover Bhaiyyaji's money. When they reach there, Pooja sees them and runs away. Unable to find Pooja there, Jimmy and Bachchan set off to find her again. While on the road, the duo get into a silly fight about the radio station and get in an accident, where their car falls into the water. Along with Jimmy and Bachchan, Pooja comes out of the water too. She tells them that she has hid the money in several different places. Jimmy and Pooja decide to run away with the money with the help of Bachchan. The duo decide that Pooja should seduce Bachchan just like how she did to Jimmy. While on their journey to recover the money, Pooja and Bachchan find out that they are each other's childhood love, and they both fall in love. After recovering all of the money, Bachchan decides to leave with it, not knowing that Jimmy has replaced the money with stones. When Pooja realizes what he has done, she tells Jimmy the truth about Bhaiyyaji killing her father. To save Bachchan, Pooja and Jimmy head to Bhaiyyaji's lair with the money. When they get there, Jimmy pretends to betray Pooja and slaps Bachchan. He tells Bhaiyyaji to give him his gun so that he could kill Bachchan. After getting the gun, Jimmy instead points it to Bhaiyyaji and takes him as hostage. He heads towards a car with Pooja and Bachchan following him. Surrounded by lots of men with guns, Bhaiyyaji manages to jump out of the car and everybody begins shooting at them. After a lengthy fight scene, Bhaiyyaji is killed by Pooja stabbing him with a knife. In the end, Jimmy opens up his own call centre, where only girls work, and Bachchan and Pooja get married."] ['The film begins with a trucker at a truck stop in an unspecified rural location. It is night time and in a heavy rainstorm, and a hooker gets into a large, black Peterbilt and offers her "services" to the trucker inside. The trucker is revealed to be Rusty Nail , when he recites his phrase "I like the rain. Keeps everybody inside and washes everything clean." He asks the hooker to go out into the rain to get wet. When she is unnerved by this strange behavior and states she is leaving, Rusty Nail locks the doors and asks her to leave through the open window. He then shuts the window up half way as she is clambering out, trapping her with half her body hanging outside the truck. Rusty Nail then drives off, decapitating the hooker as he drives alongside a trailer attached to the truck. The film then jumps to the new protagonists, Melissa and her fiancé Bobby , a young engaged couple in their early twenties who are on a cross country road trip in a 1983 model Chevrolet Caprice Wagon. They are heading across the Southwestern United States to Las Vegas, where they plan on getting married. Joining them for the ride is Melissa\'s sister Kayla ([[Laura Jordan , who along the way also picks up her online boyfriend Nik , a punk. When their car breaks down in the desert, the four find a seemingly abandoned house along a side road and in the barn they find a silver 1971 Chevrolet Chevelle with gasoline fully filled. At first Melissa and Bobby are reluctant to take the car as it amounts to thieving but due to Kayla and Nik\'s persistence they relent. Melissa, Bobby, Kayla and Nik decide to take the Chevelle as there doesn\'t seem to be anybody about and the car is in working order, however Melissa leaves a note in the house leaving her contact details to whoever may own the house and/or car. Melissa receives a phone call from the person who owned the car they stole. He then calls Melissa Goldilocks , revealing that he can see her. It appears somebody had followed them, and he also tells "I believe you have something of mine, cause i have now something of yours." as soon after Bobby disappears from a diner restroom. The others find a CB radio in their car with which Rusty Nail talks to them. He orders them to destroy their cellphones and follow his orders if Bobby is to survive, and he has some quite nasty psychological mind games that create a bridge for gory, life-and-death situations. The group continues to follow Rusty Nail who promises them that they will be all reunited soon, after Rusty requests for Kayla\'s middle finger, a reference to when Kayla flipped off the driver of a truck.  The group cut a finger from a corpse and they reach a wrong trucker because Rusty already knew that they had broken the rules. Rusty cut off one finger of Bobby and put it in the glove compartment of the vehicle which was later discovered by the group. Rusty later instructs Melissa to "strip down to her underwear" in front of his truck, but it turns out not to be him, but some other trucker Rusty Nail had instructed to be there. Rusty Nail soon pulls up at a bar in Utah and Bobby tries to escape. He gains the attention of the barman who has gone outside to smoke, but Rusty Nail catches him and uses a chainsaw-chain to cut off the barman\'s jaw. He then commands Nik to walk through a party dressed as a female and to buy crystal meth. Nik refuses to do this, and Melissa takes a knife to his throat and Nik cries, confessing he is scared and that his tattoos are fake. Nik walks up to the party in the clothes we saw on the hooker earlier, but at the party Rusty kidnaps Nik and drives off. Melissa and Kayla chase them, and Rusty gets behind them. He rams them a few times and then the car flips over, and Kayla\'s leg is pinned and instructs Melissa to go because he\'s going to ram the car again. Melissa jumps at the last second as instructed, while Kayla is killed in the exploding car. He takes Bobby and Nik back to his home, and has them play a sadistic game with dice. In this game, whatever one person rolls makes the other person suffer. Various things happen to them, like branding them with a rusty nail in the shape of an "R", being hit in the kneecap, etc. Once Bobby rolls a double one snake eyes, Rusty kills Nik by stabbing him with a steel bar through the top of his head. Melissa then breaks into a police station and steals a motor bike and races off to find Bobby. Rusty nail hangs Bobby by his neck in the back of his truck. Melissa comes to rescue him by distracting Rusty Nail with the police motorcycle, by parking it by the side of the truck. Melissa overpowers the killer with a few well placed hits to the back with a shovel and drives away in his truck accidentally disconnecting the cab from the rest of the truck  ... only for Rusty to manage to grab on to the side and end up on the roof of the vehicle. She drives until the sun comes up and ends up plowing into a gas tank, causing the truck to catch fire. Melissa jumps from the truck as Rusty takes control, but it\'s too late and he drives off the side of a cliff, the truck exploding on impact. Bobby escapes from the trailer he was hung up in and meets back up with Melissa, their ordeal finally over. Later in the middle of nowhere, a girl is stuck on the side of the road as her car has broken down. A big red Peterbilt truck  drives past her, only to back up. She explains what\'s happened and asks for a ride. As the truck door opens you can see that the driver has a badly burnt right arm. The girl climbs in and a familiar voice says, "You\'ll catch your death out there" before laughing ominously as the credits roll.'] ['Tang monk Tripitaka  and his three disciples Monkey King Sun WuKong , Pig Monk Zhu WuNeng , and Sand Monk Sha WuJing  arrive triumphantly to a hero’s welcome in Shache city. Little do they know that ahead of them lays Tripitaka’s most arduous challenge before he achieves deification…and it is a test that he and only he alone can overcome. During their stay in the city, the three disciples are captured by evil Tree Spirits. Tripitaka borrows the Golden Pole and tries to find a way to save them. He meets a young lizard imp Meiyan  who is more than a visual match for Quasimodo: matted bushy hair, and teeth of any dentist’s nightmare. Meiyan falls in love with Tripitaka at first sight and devotes herself to trailing him. She even sets a love trap to ensnare him. Tripitaka unwittingly falls into the trap and in the process breaks the Heavenly Code. The region is one full of monsters, strange beings and creatures of unknown origins and among them are the beautiful Princess XiaoShan  and her army. On a passing journey to Earth her path crosses Tripitaka’s and she vows her aid. Tripitaka decides to leave with the Princess. Meiyan is heartbroken. She picks a fight with Princess XiaoShan and, although she loses, she finally discovers her own identity as a galactic warrior. She eventually helps the princess in defeating the enemy and rescues Tripitaka and his disciples. After the battle, Meiyan surrenders to the Temple of Heaven for judgment. Torn between passion and righteousness, Tripitaka rebels against the heaves to rescue the gallows-bound Meiyan. A benevolent Buddha is moved and pardons the two on condition that they embark on a journey to the West to accomplish the Eight-One Tasks to redeem themselves and save the world.'] ['The story follows con man Moze Pray  and young Addie Loggins , an orphan, beginning at Addie\'s mother\'s burial. Because Moze once had an affair with her mother , there is speculation that he is Addie\'s father, which he denies. Moze is reluctantly persuaded to deliver Addie to her aunt\'s home. With Addie in tow, Moze stops at a local grain mill and convinces the brother of the man who drove his car into a tree, killing Addie\'s mother, into giving him two hundred dollars for the now-orphaned Addie. Addie overhears this conversation and later demands the money. Because he spent nearly half of the money on car repairs, Moze agrees to travel with Addie until he has raised two hundred dollars to give to her. Addie soon learns how Moze makes his money: he visits recently widowed women, pretending he is a Bible salesman who recently sold an expensive, personalized Bible to the deceased husband. The widows usually overpay him for the books inscribed with their names. Addie joins in the scam, pretending she is his daughter, and exhibits a talent for larceny. As time passes, Moze and Addie become a formidable team and seem to forget about Addie joining her aunt. One night, Moze and Addie stop at a local carnival, where Addie visits a photo booth and has her photograph taken sitting on a crescent moon and Moze becomes enthralled with an "exotic dancer" named Miss Trixie Delight , who is accompanied by her downtrodden, 15-year-old African American maid, Imogene . Although Addie becomes friends with Imogene, she becomes jealous of how Moze begins to focus more and more of his attention on the gold-digging Miss Trixie. When Addie subsequently discovers that Moze has spent all of their money on a new car to impress Miss Trixie, she quickly devises a plan to get rid of her, which includes giving Imogene enough money to get back home to her mother. An elaborate series of maneuvers on Addie\'s and Imogene\'s part results in Moze catching Miss Trixie in bed with another man. Devastated, Moze leaves Miss Trixie and Imogene behind. At a hotel, Moze is able to find a bootlegger\'s store of whiskey, steals some of it, and sells it back to the bootlegger. Unfortunately, the bootlegger\'s brother is the sheriff, who quickly arrests Moze and Addie. Addie hides their money, steals back the key to their car, and the pair escape, trading their car for a farm truck after Moze beats Leroy  in a \'wrasslin\' match. The pair then makes their way across the state line to Missouri, where the Kansas law can\'t follow them. The sheriff finds them in Missouri, and unable to arrest Moze, he and his cohorts chase, beat and rob him. Humiliated, Moze drops Addie at her aunt\'s house. Back on the road, Moze stops to let his overheating truck cool down. He discovers the photo of Addie, sitting in a quarter moon, that she left for him on the passenger seat. As he contemplates the photo, he glances into the rear-view mirror and sees a small figure running toward the stopped truck. It is Addie; she has fled her aunt\'s house and hopes to rejoin Moze. Angry, Moze tells Addie that he does not want her traveling with him anymore. She matter-of-factly reminds him that he still owes her two hundred dollars, and they drive off together.'] ["The film opens with Alex , performing at a club with another artist. The performance goes badly, and Alex is kicked out of the partnership on account of his depressing lyrics. The next day, Alex arrives late at work much to the scrutiny of his boss and co-worker. He tries to leave early to go to a gig, although his boss refuses to let him go, and his co-worker taunts him about it. This prompts Alex to assault him and he is fired immediately afterwards. Now out of work, Alex goes to his gig, which is at a school and involves him playing guitar for a group of mentally handicapped adults while dressed in a pink moose outfit. The gig goes well at first with the group getting up to dance while he plays, although one of them latter attacks him with a fake knife, prompting Alex to punch him. He is kicked out of the school, and wanders into a park where he meets a man named Jim  who recognizes him from the failed performance the night before. After initially trying to chase him off, Jim knocks Alex unconscious and drags him back home where he proposes his idea of starting a band together, since he too was recently kicked out of a band. Alex, upset about being knocked out and abducted, chases Jim out of his apartment and later gets a call from his older brother Brian  Brian suggests that Alex stay at his place for a while to get his life back together, and Alex initially agrees, although later changes his mind and returns to Jim, agreeing to travel with him. After borrowing Jim's Grandpa's car, the two begin writing music on the way to the first gig later that night, and arrive only to discover that Jim isn't technically booked at the club he wants to perform at. They meet with Cassidy , who works as a manager for the club and agrees to book them after taking an interest in Alex. That night, Alex and Jim perform together and are a huge success. They spend the night at Cassidy's place and in the morning, she insists on joining them on their tour. Alex reluctantly brings her along, and she creates merchandise to sell during the shows. At the next gig, the band is greeted with star treatment and a top notch dressing room with complimentary wine and snacks. When Alex asks Jim how he managed to get a dressing room like that, Jim admits that he told the manager that Scott Weiland from the Stone Temple Pilots was fronting them. Shortly before the gig, the manager confronts Jim about Weilands absence and Jim tells him that Weiland on a bender, and can't make the show. He convinces the manager that the story is true, and lies well enough to bring him to tears. The band doesn't get to perform but sells most of their merch and Cassidy steals a bottle of wine. After Jim falls asleep, Alex and Cassidy share the bottle and chat, although Alex becomes agitated when Cassidy reveals that she read the letter he writes to himself . The band continues its travels, eventually taking a gig in an unusual frat house. After the gig, Cassidy and Alex have sex, and Alex wakes up in the morning to discover that Cassidy has taken all their money and left. With little gas, Alex and Jim are unable to arrive at their next gig, and are stranded in a small town, unable to raise any money. Alex gives up and leaves, traveling to his brother's house. Brian and his family, all born again Christians, are happy to accept Alex back home. He rooms with his nephew Jackson , and teaches him a little of how to play guitar. The next day, Jackson expresses an interest in taking a music course, much to Brian's dismay. Alex tries to convince Brian to support Jackson's decision but Brian chastizes Alex for being a bad influence on his son. Alex deciding he is no longer welcome, gets ready to leave and as he is saying his goodbye to Jackson, he sees Cassidy walking down the street towards him. Cassidy explains that she returned the money, and that Jim's grandfather has died. When Alex asks where Jim has gone, Cassidy tells him where the club is, and Alex asks Brian to drive him. Brian reluctantly agrees to do so and they arrive to see Jim being thrown out. He reconciles with Jim, and the two perform outside the club. As they drive away to continue their tour, now with Cassidy rejoining them. Cassidy promises to repay Alex and Jim, and during the final moments of the film, passionately kisses Alex."] ['Norwood Pratt  has just finished his enlistment in the United States Marine Corps and is on his way home from Vietnam. A musician, his one great ambition is to appear on the radio program Louisiana Hayride. Along the way, Norwood meets a variety of characters, including a flim-flam man , a jaded would-be starlet  and his Marine buddy Joe Reese . However, the most important person that he meets is Rita Lee Chipman , the "right kind of girl," who is unfortunately an unwed, soon-to-be mother . She supports him and is there when Norwood finally reaches the KWKH studio as his dream comes true. The final scene shows her proudly watching Norwood as he goes on the air with the Hayride.'] ['Maggie Carpenter  is a spirited and attractive young woman who has had a number of unsuccessful relationships. Maggie, nervous of being married, has left a trail of fiances. It seems, she\'s left three men waiting for her at the altar on their wedding day , receiving tabloid fame and the dubious nickname "The Runaway Bride". Meanwhile, in New York, reporter Homer Eisenhower Graham or "Ike" , writes a column about her that contains several factual errors, supplied to him by one of Maggie\'s jilted exes for revenge. He\'s fired for not verifying his source and then decides to write an in-depth article about Maggie in a bid to get his job back. He travels to Hale, Maryland, where he finds her living with her family and on her fourth attempt to become married. The fourth groom-to-be, Bob Kelly , a football coach at the local high school who treats Maggie like one of the players on his sports team. He constantly makes references to Maggie "focusing" on the goal-line. While doing research for his story, Ike\'s realizations are forcing Maggie to face her fears, and eventually the two find themselves becoming more and more attracted to each other. In the meantime, Maggie is still set to marry Bob. In the midst of the wedding rehearsal, Bob helps walk Maggie down the aisle, and asks Ike to stand in his place as the groom. This proves to be a mistake, when Ike and Maggie "practice" the kiss right in front of Bob, finally admitting their feelings for one another. As a result, Bob punches Ike in the face before storming out of the church. Soon after, Ike and Maggie agree to marry since the wedding is already set to take place. But on the day of the wedding, Maggie gets cold feet, and leaves Ike, too, standing at the altar. As she rides away on a FedEx truck, Ike runs after her, but can\'t catch up. Later, we see Ike living in New York and Maggie trying to discover herself, trying different types of eggs, and putting her lighting designs up for sale in New York. She shows up unexpectedly at Ike\'s apartment one night where he finds her making friends with his cat, Italics. Maggie then explains that she\'s been running because every other guy she was engaged to was only engaged to the idea she had created for them rather than the real her- and when she was marrying Ike she was simply freaked out at the crowd-, and "turns in" her running shoes just before proposing to Ike. The two are married in a private ceremony outside, on a hill, avoiding the big ceremonies that drove Maggie away in the past. In the end, they are shown riding away on horseback while everyone celebrates the fact that Maggie finally got married.'] ["Adele August  is an eccentric woman who, with her reluctant daughter Ann , leaves a small Wisconsin town and moves to Beverly Hills to realize her dreams. She may not know what those dreams are herself. Adele is confused and always tries to deal with matters the easy way. She buys things she can't afford and her more practical daughter is upset when she does this. When living in Beverly Hills, Adele improvises from day to day, often unable to pay the bills. She wants her daughter to become an actress, but Ann is much more interested in going away to Brown University. After Adele fails in many respects, she accepts her daughter's plans and decides to help her."] ["Two sisters, 11-year-old Amanda  and 16-year-old Laurel , run away from several foster homes, sleeping wherever they can, including in model homes. But when Lo becomes pregnant, the two find that they can't make it through this crisis on their own. With nowhere else to turn, they decided to kidnap Elaine, a clerk at a baby supply store. But it seems that Elaine just may need Manny and Lo as much as they need her."] ['Blue-collar mechanic Carter Chambers  and billionaire hospital magnate Edward Cole  meet for the first time in the hospital after both have been diagnosed with terminal lung cancer. Although Edward is reluctant to share a room with Carter, complaining that he "looks half-dead already", they become friends as they undergo their respective treatments. Carter is a gifted amateur historian and family man who had wanted to become a history professor in his youth, had been "black, broke, [and with a] baby on the way" and, thus, never rose above his status as a mechanic at the McCreath body shop. Carter loves showing off his knowledge and his favorite show is Jeopardy!. Edward is a four-time divorced health-care tycoon and cultured loner who enjoys nothing more than tormenting his personal valet/servant, Thomas ([[Sean Hayes , who later reveals his name is actually Matthew. Edward prefers to call him Thomas because he finds the name Matthew "too biblical". Edward enjoys drinking Kopi Luwak, one of the most expensive coffees in the world. Carter begins writing a "bucket list", or things to do before he died, he "kicks the bucket" . After hearing he has less than a year, Carter discards the list. Edward finds it the next morning and urges Carter to do everything on the list , and offers to finance the trip for the both of them. Carter agrees, despite the protests of his wife, Virginia . Edward and Carter begins an around-the-world vacation. They go skydiving together, drive a Shelby Mustang, fly over the North Pole, eat dinner at Chevre d\'Or in France, visit and praise the beauty and history of Taj Mahal, India, ride motorcycles on the Great Wall of China, and attend a lion safari in Africa. Atop the Great Pyramid, looking out over the pyramids of Khafre and Menkaure, they confide about faith and family, revealing that Carter has long been feeling less in love with his wife and that Edward is deeply hurt by his estrangement from his only daughter, who disowned him after he drove away her abusive husband. In Hong Kong, Edward hires a prostitute named Angelica  for Carter, who has never been with any woman but his wife. Carter declines and, realizing that he loves his wife, asks to return home. On the drive back, Carter reciprocates by trying to reunite Edward with his daughter. Edward angrily storms off. Carter returns home to his wife, children, and grandchildren where they have a nice family dinner telling stories and sharing jokes while a frustrated Edward stays home eating frozen dinners alone. The family reunion is short-lived. While preparing for a romantic interlude, Carter suffers a seizure and is rushed to the hospital. The cancer has spread to his brain. Edward, who is now in remission, visits him and they share a few moments, wherein Carter reveals with great amusement how the Kopi Luwak Edward enjoys is grown in a Sumatran village, is eaten and defecated by a jungle cat, and is harvested because of the special aroma of the gastric juices. Carter crosses off "laugh till I cry" from his bucket list and insists Edward finish the list without him. Carter goes into surgery, but the procedure is unsuccessful and he dies on the operating table. As Carter dies and the news is given to his wife and family, Edward finally attempts to reconcile with his daughter. She accepts him back into her life as well as introduces him to the granddaughter he never knew he had. After greeting the little girl with a kiss on the cheek, Edward crosses "kiss the most beautiful girl in the world" off the list. Edward delivers a eulogy at the funeral, explaining that he and Carter had been complete strangers, but the last three months of Carter\'s life were the best three months of his. He crosses off "help a complete stranger for the good" from the list. The epilogue reveals that Edward lived until age 81, and his ashes were then taken to the Himalayas by his assistant Matthew. As Matthew places a Chock full o\'Nuts coffee can alongside another can, he crosses off the last item on the bucket list  and places it between the cans. Carter\'s narration reveals the two cans contain their ashes and that Edward would have loved this, because he was "buried on the mountain, and that was against the law."'] ["In May 1969, Lou Jean Poplin assists her husband Clovis Michael Poplin to escape from the Beauford H. Jester Prison Farm in Texas, because she fears their son will be placed in the care of foster parents. During their flight, they overpower and kidnap Texas Department of Public Safety Patrolman Maxwell Slide, holding him hostage in a slow-moving caravan, along with reporters in news vans and helicopters. The Poplins and Slide travel through Beaumont, Dayton, Houston, Cleveland, Conroe and finally Wheelock, Texas. The Poplins bring Slide to the home of the foster parents, where they encounter numerous officers. An FBI agent and county sheriff shoots and kills Clovis, and later arrests Lou Jean. Patrolman Slide is found unharmed. Lou Jean spends fifteen months on a five year prison term in a women's correctional facility. Film characters Lou Jean Poplin and Clovis Michael Poplin are based on the lives of Ila Fae Holiday and Robert Dent, respectively. The character Patrolman Slide is based on Trooper J. Kenneth Crone."] ["The film is set initially in Northern Iraq, 2003, two weeks after the fall of Saddam Hussein. Ahmed, a 12-year-old boy begrudgingly follows in the shadow of his grandmother. On hearing news that prisoners of war have been found alive in the South, she is determined to discover the fate of her missing son, Ahmed’s father, who never returned from the Gulf war in 1991. From the mountains of Kurdistan to the sands of Babylon, they hitch rides from strangers and cross paths with fellow pilgrims, on all too similar journeys. Struggling to understand his grandmother's search, Ahmed follows in the forgotten footsteps of a father he never knew. They also go to mass graves, where they ask if he is on the list of identified bodies, and look for papers on the bodies."] ['Anna Foster  is the daughter of President of the United States James Foster . After Secret Service agents ruin a first date, Anna demands less supervision. For his upcoming trip to Prague, the president agrees to assign only two agents to watch over Anna, whose Secret Service codename is Liberty. In Prague, Anna and her friend Gabrielle La Clare  attend a concert, where Anna discovers numerous agents in the crowd. Believing her father has broken his promise, Anna eludes her protectors with Gabrielle\'s help. Outside the theater, she asks Ben Calder  for a ride on his motorbike. Unknown to Anna, Ben is a Secret Service agent, and he informs agents Alan Weiss  and Cynthia Morales  where she can be found. When the president learns of her behavior, he instructs Ben to guard Anna without revealing his true identity, to give her the illusion of freedom with a guarantee of safety. Believing she is finally free, Anna jumps into the Vltava River naked, mistaking it for the Danube, and she and Ben climb a rooftop to watch an Offenbach opera being shown in a plaza. The next morning, Anna calls her parents. Initially relieved that his daughter is safe, the President\'s tone changes when he is shown photos of her undressing. Outraged at her father\'s tone, Anna decides she will go to the Love Parade in Berlin. She and Ben board a train, where they meet Scotty McGruff , a flighty romantic who gives them a stack of Six Million Dollar Man stickers, instructing them to post them in random places, and one day when they are unhappy, they may come across one and it will make them smile. Ben discovers that they have boarded a Venice-bound train going in the opposite direction from Berlin. In Venice, after checking in with agents Weiss and Morales—who are now growing closer romantically—Ben joins Anna and McGruff and together they explore the city. After McGruff leaves, Anna realizes he has stolen her wallet. When Anna is recognized by tourists, she and Ben flee. With no money, they tell a kind-hearted gondolier, Eugenio ([[Joseph Long , that they recently married against her parents\' wishes. During the free gondola ride, Ben kisses Anna to hide her from their pursuers. When he learns the "newlyweds" have no place to stay, Eugenio invites them to his house, where they are welcomed by his mother, Maria . That night, thinking their kiss was heartfelt, Anna offers herself to Ben, but he rejects her advances. The next day, Eugenio drives them to the Austrian border, as Weiss and Morales show up at Maria\'s house and learn from Maria that Anna and Ben are married, which is then reported to Anna\'s parents. Upset at Ben\'s rejection, Anna hitchhikes a ride in a truck, leaving Ben to chase her through the Austrian countryside. Anna comes to a bridge, where she meets the Jumping Germans, a bungee jumping group. Ben arrives just as Anna is being strapped into the harness, and insists on jumping with her. Later that evening at the Jumping Germans\' camp, one of the Germans asks Anna to share his tent for the night. She refuses and flirts with Ben, who rejects her advances again. Upset, she declares that she will share the German\'s tent after all; Ben finally admits his feelings for Anna and they spend the night together. At the Love Parade, as Ben explains his actions on the phone to his fellow agents, Anna discovers his identity. Enraged at the apparent betrayal, Anna runs off, only to be harassed by a group of men who recognize her. Ben rescues her, and Anna and her family return to the United States. While preparing for college, Anna reveals to her mother that her heart is "a little bit broken." At college, with Weiss and Morales  still protecting her, Anna sees a Six Million Dollar Man sticker which reminds her of her European adventure. During Christmas break Anna\'s father tells her that Ben resigned from the Secret Service and is working as a photographer in London. During an exchange program to Oxford University Anna visits Ben at an opera, where they kiss, reconcile, and escape on his motorbike with secret service following.'] ['Amy Post  is a $20-a-trick hooker in Mobile, Alabama. One night she entertains Elmore Pratt , an ex-boxer who has just been fired from his job at a car wash. He cannot pay her for services rendered. Pratt punches a plainclothes police officer. He and the prostitute hit the road together, intending to head for California, bickering along the way.'] ["Neal Page is trying to return to his family for Thanksgiving in Chicago after being on a business trip in New York. His journey is doomed from the outset, with Del Griffith  interfering first by leaving his trunk by the side of the road causing Neal to trip when racing an uncredited character  for a cab, then moments later again by inadvertently snatching the taxi cab that Neal had bought from an attorney just before. The two inevitably pair up later and begin an error-prone adventure to help Neal get back to his home. Their flight from LaGuardia Airport to O'Hare is diverted to Wichita due to a blizzard in Chicago, which ends up dissipating only a few hours after touchdown in Kansas. When every mode of transport  fails them, what should have been an 1 hour and 45 minute New York-to-Chicago flight turns into a three-day adventure. To complicate matters even further, on the first night in Wichita, a thief breaks into the poorly-locked motel and steals almost $1,000 aggregate from the two men. Neal frequently blows up at Del, blaming him for much of their misfortunes, including the robbery of the first night. These ravings are not all unjustified, as Del's carelessly discarded cigarette sets fire to the rental car, melting all but the radio. Del in turn regards Neal as a pretentious and uptight cynic while Del is less afraid to be himself. After a much heated argument between the two men, a bond between them forms, and Neal finally manages to overcome his arrogance. Both men pull together to finally make their way home, while Del manages to raise money by selling off his entire inventory of shower curtain rings, to kids and adults alike, who think they make good earrings. Under the assumption that Del has a wife and family of his own , the two men part ways. However, Neal later pieces together things Del said and realizes that Del is alone. He goes back to the train station where he had left Del and sees him sitting alone, inside an empty station, after they finally make it back to Chicago. Del tells Neal that Marie actually died eight years prior and that he has been homeless ever since. Neal, having become a nicer person during the journey, invites Del to enjoy Thanksgiving with his family."] ['The movie portrays the journey of two children in search of their father, whom they believe lives in Germany. On the way they meet many people, including a troupe of actors , and encounter dangers. Eventually, they cross a river to reach their hoped-for destination.'] ["Miles Raymond  is an unsuccessful writer, a wine-aficionado, and a depressed middle school English teacher living in San Diego, who takes his soon-to-be-married actor friend and college roommate, Jack Cole , on a road trip through Santa Ynez Valley wine country. Miles wants to relax and live well. However, Jack wants one last sexual fling. In the wine country, the men encounter Maya , a waitress at Miles's favorite restaurant, The Hitching Post, and her friend, Stephanie , an employee at a local winery. They arrange a double date without revealing that Jack is to be married. Jack has an affair with Stephanie while Miles and Maya connect. Miles accidentally tells Maya that Jack is to be married. Enraged by the dishonesty, Maya dumps Miles and tells Stephanie, who breaks Jack's nose. Upon finding out his manuscript has been rejected again, Miles makes a scene at a wine tasting room, and Jack hooks up with another woman. To explain the broken nose to his fiancée, Jack runs Miles's car into a tree. At the wedding, Miles faces the fact that his ex-wife will never return to him. Alone, he drinks his prized wine, a 1961 Château Cheval Blanc from a disposable coffee cup at a fast-food restaurant. Later, he receives a message from Maya, who says she enjoyed his manuscript and invites him to visit. The last scene in the movie shows Miles back in Santa Ynez, knocking on Maya's door."] ['The life of Yale law student Sherman  takes an unexpected turn when he decides to follow his girlfriend’s  advice and take more chances in life. She meant their relationship. But Sherman’s new spontaneity lands him in the car seat next to Palmer (James LeGros, [[Sleeper Cell , a washed-up, cheerfully eccentric former Olympic athlete. Dumped and cut off from his mother’s funds, Sherman has to travel with Palmer to Southern California for an important job opportunity.'] ['The film starts with con-artist Chuck Reardon  as a side-show caller at a circus advertising an act featuring his friend Hubert "Fearless" Frazier , as a human cannonball, with \'Fearless\' quickly substituting a dummy at the last minute and hiding in a secret compartment. The flaming dummy sets the big tent on fire and everyone into a panic and the two of them flee. Their subsequent acts show \'Fearless\' doing more dangerous acts, usually getting injured every time. When Chuck brings the next \'great idea\', wrestling a live octopus, \'Fearless\' finally balks and wants to go back to the states. At a fancy restaurant, they\'re sent champagne by a wealthy man, diamond baron Charles Kimble . The festive mood turns sours when the police show up, but Kimble bails them out. They decide to go home to the United States, but when Chuck goes to get the tickets Kimble invites him onto his yacht for a drink. \'Fearless\' is busy packing and when Chuck comes back, he finds out Chuck spent all their money, five thousand, on the deed for one of Kimble\'s diamond mines. It seems like a good deal, until they find out Kimble is an eccentric who would sign over anything and the deed is worthless. Furious at Chuck losing all their money, \'Fearless\' ends their partnership. Later that evening, \'Fearless\' comes back with a fistful of money, claiming to have \'sold\' the diamond mine to some guy at a bar for SEVEN thousand. They start to leave only to be confronted by the same man, Monsieur Lebec . \'Fearless\' had inflated the story a little, so the Lebec and his huge bodyguard want Chuck and \'Fearless\' to accompany them to actually see the mine. Chuck and \'Fearless\' manage to escape and jump onto a boat. Stranded, they are propositioned by Julia Quimby  to help rescue her friend, Donna LaTour , from being sold at a slave auction. They bid 150 in local coin on her to rescue her. Unbeknownst to both of them, Julia and Donna are also con-artists and take half of the payment to get food. Donna reveals to Julia about the seven thousand Chuck and \'Fearless\' have and how she has convinced them to take her and Julia on a safari across the country, not telling them it\'s to see Donna\'s wealthy boyfriend. \'Fearless\' is reluctant to go, but Chuck convinces him it\'s the best way to hide out and really wants to help Donna. On the safari, Donna romances \'Fearless\', but he\'s unsure about her intentions, especially when she cuddles up to Chuck, who seem oblivious. Julia, also doesn\'t like Donna romancing Chuck and casually throws around the name of Donna\'s boyfriend. As their journey continues, with the help of an announcer and a montage, both Chuck and \'Fearless\' both vie for Donna\'s attention. During a moonlit canoe ride, Chuck proclaims his feelings and Donna realizes she\'s starting to fall for him too. Julia tells Donna it would be foolish to give up her wealthy boyfriend for a side show crooner. Chuck and \'Fearless\' continue to fight over Donna, with Chuck drugging \'Fearless\' and \'Fearless\' ripping up Chuck\'s shirt. Donna finally confides to \'Fearless\' that despite her feelings for Chuck, her heart belongs to another. Thinking its him, \'Fearless\' agrees to tell Chuck. Chuck refuses to believe \'Fearless, who is practically skipping, but then Julia comes in and tell them both about the rich boyfriend. Chuck and \'Fearless\' finally learn they\'ve been had from the beginning and everything had been a set-up. They angrily run into the jungle to confront her. While she\'s swimming, a pair of leopards appear and tear her clothes while she hides in the reeds. Upon seeing her torn clothes, Chuck and \'Fearless\' assume she\'s dead. They bury her clothes and have a funeral, all while Donna watches. During their attempt at a eulogy, they admit that despite the fact she lied to them, they both loved her. Chuck and \'Fearless\' start to sing and burst into tears, until Donna sings to them and then they both turn on her. They storm off into the jungle and the safari leaves without them. While trying to find their way back, Chuck and \'Fearless\' stumble upon skeleton-laden caves. They jokingly bang on the drums only to summon a local tribe of natives. The natives, thinking they are gods, adorn them with jewels and give them food. Chuck and \'Fearless\' thinks its great until the natives decide to test them by throwing \'Fearless\' in a cage with a giant gorilla. After a comical wrestling match, in which \'Fearless\' loses, the natives prepare to cook them both, until they use their infamous \'patty cake\' routine to escape. They return to civilization, haggard, dirty and penniless until they hock the jewels they had received from the natives. \'Fearless\' reluctantly lets Chuck go get the tickets. When he comes back empty handed, \'Fearless\' is crushed, until Chuck presents Donna and Julia. Donna gave up the rich boyfriend because she\'s in love with Chuck. When \'Fearless\' asks what they are going to do for money, Chuck springs another \'great idea\' and the film ends with the four of them again doing a carnival act, this time sawing a woman  in half.'] ["The film tells of Daniel , a coming-of-age seventeen-year-old orphan growing up in a small town in rural Argentina. Daniel feels trapped in his town. He has grown tired of living with his grandparents, and hates he his job. He does, however, enjoy sneaking into the local movie theatre to watch the latest film from porn star Sabrina Love . Daniel enters a contest where a lucky fellow will win a date with the sexy actress. The letter he sends earns him the grand prize. Daniel has to get to Buenos Aires for his big moment, but has no money. Daniel is forced to hitchhike from one side of Argentina to the other, and has a number of interesting experiences along the way. He encounters a handful of unusual people: his brother , who hasn't yet accepted his parents' death; a free-thinking writer ; and a reporter  with love on her mind. When he meets up with the confident older actress he has a lesson or two to learn about the ways of the world."] ["The death of singer Gram Parsons prompts Phil Kaufman to fulfill his promise and a subtle black comedy unwinds, with Kaufman bribing mortuary personnel, renting a psychedelic hearse from Larry Oster-burg, and trekking across the southern California desert, pursued all the while by Parsons' ex-girlfriend with Kaufman's girlfriend and Parsons’ father."] [" Following a passion for country music, Ralph leaves his father’s sheep farm in a remote Australian town, armed with a guitar and a plane ticket to Nashville, Tennessee. He hopes to hitchhike to Sydney Airport where his take-off into a successful country/western singing career will hopefully begin.  However, fate and his naivety find him hitchhiking with a psychotic drug thief named Boyd, and Boyd's mesmerising girlfriend, Patsy. The plot then splits into a series of parallels, flash forwards and flashbacks. One depicts Ralph’s imprisonment after being framed for drug trafficking. The other follows the dramatic ascent of his career to hype status and the pairing between the dynamic Patsy and himself. Both paths eventually lead him home, with Ralph consequently being more mature and adjusted, and with a bag full of experiences. At the end of the film, it is stated that Patsy dies in a plane crash."] ['Bruno Stroszek  is a Berlin street performer. Released from prison and warned to stop drinking, he immediately goes to a familiar bar where he comforts Eva , a prostitute down on her luck, and lets her stay with him at the apartment his landlord kept for him. They are then harried and beaten by Eva\'s former pimps, who insult Bruno, pull his accordion apart and humiliate him by making him kneel on his grand piano with bells balanced on his back. Faced with the prospect of further harassment, Bruno and Eva decide to leave Germany and accompany Bruno\'s eccentric elderly neighbour Scheitz , who was planning to move to Wisconsin to live with his American nephew Clayton. After sightseeing in New York City they buy a used car and arrive in a winter-bound, barren prairie near the fictional town of \'Railroad Flats\'. There Bruno works as a mechanic with Clayton and his Native American helper, Eva as a waitress at a truck stop and Scheitz pursues his interest in animal magnetism. The pair buy a trailer which is sited on Clayton\'s land, but as bills mount, the bank threatens to repossess it. Eva falls back into prostitution to supplement her wages, but it is not enough to meet the payments. She tires of Bruno\'s drunken ramblings and deserts him by leaving with a couple of truck drivers bound for Vancouver. A man from the bank visits Bruno, who is now drinking steadily, and has him sign off on the repossession. The home is auctioned, and he and Scheitz, who is convinced that the world is conspiring against him, set off to confront the "conspiracy." Finding the bank closed, they hold up a barber shop beneath it, make off with 32 dollars and then go shopping in a small store across the street. The police arrive and arrest Scheitz for armed robbery without noticing Bruno. Holding a large frozen turkey from the store and the shotgun, Bruno returns to the garage where he works, loads the tow truck with beer, and drives along a highway into the mountains. Upon entering a small town, the truck breaking down, Bruno pulls over to a restaurant, where he tells his story to a German-speaking businessman. He then starts the truck, leaves it circling in the parking lot with a fire taking hold in the engine compartment and goes into a tourist trap across the street, where he starts a ski-lift and rides it with his frozen turkey. After Bruno disappears from view a single shot rings out. The police arrive at the scene to find the truck is now fully ablaze. The film ends with a sequence showing a chicken dancing, a chicken playing a piano and a rabbit riding a toy fire truck, in coin operated attractions that Bruno activated on his way to the ski-lift.'] ['In the middle of the Great Depression, Clyde Barrow  and Bonnie Parker  meet when Clyde tries to steal Bonnie\'s mother\'s car. Bonnie, who is bored by her job as a waitress, is intrigued with Clyde, and decides to take up with him and become his partner in crime. They pull off some holdups, but their amateur efforts, while exciting, are not very lucrative. The duo\'s crime spree shifts into high gear once they hook up with a dim-witted gas station attendant, C.W. Moss , then with Clyde\'s older brother Buck  and his wife, Blanche , a preacher\'s daughter. The women dislike each other on first sight, and their feud only escalates from there: shrill Blanche has nothing but disdain for Bonnie, Clyde and C.W., while gun-moll Bonnie sees Blanche\'s flighty presence as a constant danger to the gang\'s well-being. Bonnie and Clyde turn from pulling small-time heists to robbing banks. Their exploits also become more violent. When C.W. botches a bank robbery by parallel parking the getaway car, Clyde shoots the bank manager in the face after he jumps onto the slow-moving car\'s running board. The gang is pursued by law enforcement, including Texas Ranger Frank Hamer , who is captured and humiliated by the outlaws, then set free. A raid later catches the outlaws off guard, mortally wounding Buck with a gruesome shot to his head and injuring Blanche. Bonnie, Clyde and C.W. barely escape with their lives. With Blanche sightless and in police custody, Hamer tricks her into revealing C.W.\'s name, who was up until now still only an "unidentified suspect." Hamer locates Bonnie, Clyde and C.W. hiding at the house of C.W.\'s father Ivan Moss , who thinks the couple — and an ornate tattoo — have corrupted his son. He strikes a bargain with Hamer: in exchange for leniency for the boy, he helps set a trap for the outlaws. When Bonnie and Clyde stop on the side of the road to help Mr. Moss fix a flat tire, the police in the bushes open fire and riddle them violently. Hamer and his posse then come out of hiding, looking pensively at the couple\'s bodies.'] ["A young South African orphan named Musa  leaves his AIDS-ravaged village in KwaZulu-Natal, taking along only a drum given to him by his father, for the gritty streets of Johannesburg in search of work and his uncle. The trip proves to be enlightening for young Musa, who is faced with the culture shock of urban society. Meanwhile, a wealthy lawyer from a privileged family learns he has AIDS, and a truck driver's dangerous sexual proclivities endanger his wife.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0387057/"] ['Carter "Doc" McCoy  and his wife Carol  are taking target practice with pistols when Rudy  arrives to propose they break a Mexican drug lord\'s nephew out of jail for a $300,000 payment. The job is successful, but it turns out the drug lord only wanted his nephew out to kill him. Rudy is waiting with a getaway plane, but sees police cars and leaves Doc behind. After a year in a Mexican jail, Doc will do anything to get out so he sends Carol to a mob boss  who is looking to put together a select team of experts to rob a dog track in Arizona. The man she goes to see, Jack Benyon, would manage to get Doc released from prison, but it\'s clear Benyon wants something from the wife first. Doc gets out and meets the men Benyon has hired. By chance one is Rudy, along with another man called Hansen  who seems relatively inexperienced. Rudy extends a hand and says "no hard feelings," but is punched by Doc and warned not to double-cross him again. At the dog track, while Doc is breaking into the vault, a guard pulls a gun and is shot by Hansen in a panic. The thieves escape by creating a diversion with a bomb under a gas truck and leave with the cash. The plan was for Doc and his wife to meet Rudy and Hansen later to split the money. On the road, Rudy kills Hansen and pushes him out of the car. Doc arrives at the rendezvous point, where Rudy again pulls a gun. Doc expected this and is ready with his own weapon, shooting Rudy and leaving him for dead. Doc and Carol drive off with all the money, unaware that Rudy was wearing a bullet-proof vest, a safety precaution that he had earlier mocked. A wounded Rudy manages to drive himself to a local clinic, where he holds veterinarian Harold ([[James_Stephens_ and his wife Fran  hostage, then forces them to treat his wounds and drive him to El Paso. An attraction develops between Rudy and Fran and they taunt her meek husband. At a motel, Rudy has sex with Fran after tying Harold to a chair. Hearing his wife\'s moans and her laughter at him, a humiliated Harold commits suicide by hanging himself. Fran barely looks back as she accompanies Rudy to El Paso. Doc and his wife go to Benyon\'s house with the money. Benyon drops broad hints about what Carol did to get Doc out of jail. Doc\'s wife approaches with a gun, unseen by Doc as he counts the money. Benyon clearly expects her to shoot Doc, but she kills him instead. Doc is upset, but Carol says she did whatever she had to do to help Doc and assumes he\'d do the same if their situations were reversed. There continues to be tension between the pair, particularly when Carol loses the money to a con man at a train station in Flagstaff. Doc has to board the train, find the man and subdue him to retrieve the money. They proceed to the rustic Border Hotel in El Paso, owned by Doc\'s friend Gollie, to get new passports and identities so they can escape to Mexico. They don\'t realize that Rudy is already there ahead of them, waiting with Fran in a room at the hotel. Benyon\'s men, led by Jim Deer ([[David Morse , also want the money and arrive in El Paso shortly after the McCoys. Rudy sets a trap and Doc is startled to see him alive. He knocks out Rudy but resists killing him in cold blood. A long and bloody gunfight ensues with Doc and Carol shooting it out with Benyon\'s men in the halls and stairwells of the hotel. Rudy comes to his senses just as the last of Benyon\'s men die. He makes one more attempt to get the money and is killed by Doc in a elevator when Doc shoots the cables, sending the elevator plummeting down to ground level and crashing it hard, much to the horror of Fran. Doc and Carol hijack a pickup truck driven by an old cowboy  and drive to the border of Mexico. They like the cowboy and buy his truck, paying far more than it\'s worth, then make their getaway.'] ['Two months after a mutated strain of mad cow disease has turned most humans into cannibal zombies, unaffected college student "Columbus"  is making his way to Columbus, Ohio to see whether his parents are still alive. He encounters "Tallahassee" , another survivor who seeks Twinkies. They travel together. They later meet "Wichita"  and her younger, 12-year-old sister "Little Rock" . The sisters were con artists before the catastrophe, and have little trouble tricking the two guys into handing over their weapons and stealing their vehicle. Later, the two men find a Hummer loaded with weapons, but when they meet the girls again, the girls once more gain the upper hand, taking their weapons and car. Tallahassee manages to wrestle away Little Rock\'s gun, resulting in a Mexican standoff. Columbus negotiates a truce. The girls are going to the "Pacific Playland" amusement park, which is supposedly free of zombies. Columbus does not want to go along at first, but when Wichita informs him that his hometown has been destroyed, he stays with the group. When they reach Hollywood, Tallahassee takes them to Bill Murray\'s mansion. Tallahassee and Wichita meet Murray himself, uninfected but disguised as a zombie so he can walk  safely among the infected. When Murray attempts to scare Columbus and Little Rock as a practical joke, Columbus shoots and kills him, believing him a real zombie. Later, Columbus realizes Tallahassee has been grieving for his young son, lost to the zombies, rather than his dog as he had earlier led Columbus to believe. Wichita nearly kisses Columbus, but fearing attachment, she leaves with Little Rock for Pacific Playland without warning. Columbus persuades a reluctant Tallahassee to follow in one of Murray\'s vehicles. At Pacific Playland, Wichita and Little Rock activate all the rides and lights, attracting nearby zombies. A battle ensues, leaving the sisters trapped on a drop tower ride. Tallahassee and Columbus arrive just as the sisters\' ammunition runs out. Tallahassee lures the zombies away, then locks himself in a game booth, shooting zombies at his leisure, while Columbus goes after the sisters. In thanks, Wichita reveals her real name, Krista. Tallahassee eliminates the remaining zombies, then joyfully eats a Twinkie that Little Rock has found. The group leaves Pacific Playland together after Little Rock and Wichita pretend to leave them behind, Columbus having realized he\'s finally found what he\'s been looking for: a family.'] [" The movie opens with a car with a JATO rocket strapped to it. The movie then shifts to Michael Burrows, a criminal profiler for the San Francisco Police Department. Shot in documentary style, the film is ostensibly a dissertation by a film school grad that follows Michael throughout the story. Fired from the police force after his hematophobia allows a serial killer to get away, Michael wallows in a deep depression for several weeks before coming up with a way to combine his Darwin Awards obsession with his talent for profiling. He will help insurance companies detect people more likely to accidentally end their own lives, so they are not sold insurance policies. After impressing an insurance company manager with his profiling talent, Michael is paired up with Siri, a specialist in strange insurance cases. Siri and Michael travel the country on behalf of the company, investigating several legendary examples of stupidity, such as the JATO rocket car. A pair of men attempting to ice fish become frustrated and use a stick of dynamite to blast a hole in the ice. The problem is their dog plays fetch with the lit dynamite and runs it back to their brand-new SUV. As they investigate the cases, Michael tries to pinpoint a common factor for these people. The only explanation is a confused monologue by Siri about insurance companies always denying claims and driving people insane. Michael narrowly avoids becoming a Darwin Award winner throughout the movie. He and Siri are stranded in the middle of nowhere on a cold night. Desperate for warmth, he attempts to start a fire with gasoline, causing his car to explode. Siri later confronts Michael, accusing him of being obsessed with the Darwin Awards. A twist of fate leads to Michael discovering where the murder suspect he originally allowed to escape now lives. As he videotapes the man in his home by rappelling down the side of the building. The film school student is seen for the first time as he, too, is hanging on the side of the building. The problem is his rope is the other end of the same one Michael is dangling by. The stone vase on the roof that the pair is anchored to starts inching closer to the edge. At the same time the serial killer taunts them while slicing open the captive Siri's hand, hoping to trigger Michael's hematophobia. But Michael is able to overcome his fear and defeats the serial killer. He and Siri live happily ever after together."] ['1st Lieutenant Jake Tanner , an unorthodox Air Force officer, shares ICBM silo duty at an Air Force missile base in California with Major Eugene "Sam" Denton . When the United States detects incoming nuclear missiles, Tanner and Denton "turn the key" to launch part of the retaliatory strike, initiating Doomsday. After launching their entire arsenal of nuclear missiles, Tanner and Denton witness nuclear devastation rain down all around them. Two years later, the Earth has been tilted off its axis by World War III, radiation has mutated insect life, and the planet is constantly wracked by massive storms that cover the entire hemisphere. Military order at the base has broken down. Tanner has resigned his commission and Denton is considering going to Albany, New York to find the source of a lone radio transmission. Before they abandon the base, a rocket fuel explosion kills all but four men -- Denton, Tanner, former Airman Keegan  and Airman Tom Perry . They set out in two Air Force "Landmasters," giant 12-wheeled armored personnel carriers capable of climbing 60-degree inclines and operating in water. They must cross "Damnation Alley," considered "the path of least resistance" between intense radiation areas. On their journey, they lose one Landmaster in a storm , pick up two survivors, fight a band of crazed, savage shotgun-toting mountain men and encounter mutated "flesh stripping cockroaches" in the ruins of Salt Lake City, which eat Keegan alive, as well as a tidal wave set off by earth suddenly returning to its normal axis  before reaching their destination, a surprisingly intact Albany.'] ['When Muriel Kleinman unexpectedly leaves her husband Sam, their three daughters Linda, Hillary, and Bonnie and daughter-in-law Rachel set about trying to find her while Sam and his son Ben spend a day in the country inspecting property Ben and his wife are considering buying. The journey evolves into an extended road trip in a restored 1940 Ford Deluxe coupe convertible Sam buys when Ben crashes his car. As time passes, the two men fish, drink, and play pool while discussing the past and re-establishing their relationship. Ben learns Muriel went on vacation but, after enjoying a leisurely day by herself, began to experience blackouts. The doctors give her six months to live, and Muriel and Sam begin to mend a marriage Sam never realized was deteriorating. She lives through the summer, and Ben realizes he never has seen his parents happier in their life. When Muriel dies, Sam moves in with Ben and his family, and they enjoy life together until Sam himself passes away. Ben and Rachel have another child and name him Martin Samuel Kleinman to honor his parents, whose gravestone bears the Hebrew inscription "מה שלי שלך ומה שלך שלי" , testifying to the giving and compassionate relationship that Ben\'s parents truly had with each other.'] ['In 1971 at a fraternity house on the University of Texas campus in Austin, Texas, Gardner Barnes  is throwing darts at a picture of himself and his ex-girlfriend . He rejoins the graduation party going on downstairs, but not before tearing the picture in half. Gardner is a member of a clique called the Groovers, whose other members include Kenneth Waggener  who\'s engaged to be married, and ROTC geek Phil Hicks . Phil\'s parents have come to town and to the fraternity house just in time to see another Groover named Lester  pass out.  They also meet the strong, quiet seminary student Dorman . Kenneth interrupts the festivities by announcing his student deferment has expired and he is now to be drafted into the Army. Gardner is not surprised: his own notice came weeks before. Kenneth also reveals he has decided to call off his engagement to Debbie on account of being drafted. Gardner reacts  with some joy and relief. The Groovers decide to celebrate their last days before the draft by going on a road trip, intending to stop at a notorious roadhouse and dig up someone - or something - named "Dom" buried under a boulder on the shores of the Rio Grande. They drive all night before making a "rest stop." Some, most notably Phil, resist going on, but Gardner presses them on. Phil\'s car runs out of gas and the Groovers must decide whether to walk to the nearest town or hitch. Phil is adamant about not leaving his car behind, when someone gets an idea: a train is about to pass on a railroad track parallel to the road. Dorman grabs some cable from a fence and makes a lasso. He attaches the other end to the front bumper of the car, as the train passes, Dorman lassos the back of the train. The Groovers are in the car, waiting, when Gardner asks, "How are we going to stop?" but this is answered when the front end of the car is pulled off, leaving the car in place. The Groovers manage to push the car to the nearest town, leave it at a garage, and eat at the Sonic. They meet up with some townie girls  and eventually end up playing in a cemetery operated by the undertaker father of one of the girls, where they come upon the tombstone of a fallen Vietnam War veteran. Kenneth says, "I can\'t go ." Gardner replies, "Then don\'t." They end up sleeping at the former movie set of Giant. The car is repaired the next morning  and the Groovers continue on their way. Phil complains about wanting to go back - and thinks Gardner might flee to Mexico to avoid the draft - when Kenneth shouts angrily at him. Gardner confesses they only let Phil hang with them because they felt sorry for him. Humiliated, Phil retorts that he will take on any challenge. The group sees a sign for a parachute school that gives jumping lessons. Phil reluctantly agrees to try it. Gardner cons the rather hippie-ish instructor, one Truman Sparks , into giving them a free lesson. Phil is terrified but goes up into Truman\'s aircraft anyway. Then the boys realize that Phil\'s pack is lacking a parachute because it is full of Truman\'s dirty laundry. They try desperately to warn him  but fail. Fortunately, Truman and Phil are connected by walkie-talkie, so when the main chute fails, Phil, scared stiff, is able to open the emergency chute on his stomach with much prompting from Truman. The Groovers get a picture for their efforts, letting Phil get some of his wounded pride back. After discovering the charred, abandoned remains of the roadhouse, the Groovers press onward. They make it to the Rio Grande at last and dig up Dom - which turns out to be a magnum of Dom Perignon champagne. Each takes a drink before Gardner drinks a toast to "freedom and youth." Kenneth is disheartened; he has had second thoughts about calling off the engagement. Pondering a bit on the nature of love, Gardner decides to make things right. He calls Debbie, gets her to accept the engagement again, and arranges for transport for her from Dallas to the border town; Truman Sparks agrees to fly there and back. Through a bit of trickery, reminiscent of stone soup, he sets up a beautiful wedding for Kenneth and Debbie. Debbie and Gardner share one last dance before she goes.  After the ceremony, Phil lets Kenneth and Debbie have his car as a wedding present. Lester goes to hitch a ride "anywhere" and Phil and Dorman shake hands before leaving. Perched atop a cliff overlooking the town and more specifically viewing the remaining lights of the wedding reception, Gardner lifts a beer in salute to his friends. The action of saluting his friends, leaves the audience to wonder if Gardner has left without saying goodbye in order travel on to Mexico, thus avoiding the draft, or has he left his friends to avoid the pain of their departure and the last "Groover" adventure.'] ['The film is a three-act story about self-identified "hipster" Willie , who lives in New York City, and his interactions with the two other main characters, Eva  and Eddie . In the first act, Willie\'s cousin Eva comes from Hungary to stay with him for ten days because Aunt Lotte, whom she will be staying with, will be in the hospital. Willie at first makes it clear that he does not want her there. He even orders Eva to speak English for the ten day period, not Hungarian. However, Willie soon begins to enjoy her company. This becomes especially true when Eva steals food items from a grocery store and gets a TV dinner for Willie, "You\'re alright." He ends up buying her a dress, which she later discards. After ten days, Eva leaves, and Willie is clearly upset to see her go. Eddie, who had met Eva previously, sees her right before she goes. The second act starts a year later and opens with a long take showing Willie and Eddie winning a large amount of money by cheating at a game of poker. Willie decides, because of all the money they now have, to leave the city. They decide to go to Cleveland to see Eva. However, when they get there they are just as bored as they were in New York. For example, they end up tagging along with Eva and a friend, Billy, to the movies. They eventually decide to go back to New York. The final act begins with Willie and Eddie, on their way back to New York, deciding to go to Florida. They turn around and "rescue" Eva. The three of them get to Florida and get a room at a hotel. They end up losing all of their money on dog races. At this point, they decide to go back and bet on horse races. Willie refuses to let Eva come along, so she goes out on the beach for a walk. She ends up being mistaken by a drug dealer, and is given a large sum of money. She goes back to the hotel, leaves some of the money for Willie and Eddie, and writes them a note explaining that she is going to the airport, and then goes there. When she arrives, she discovers that the only flight to Europe left that day is to Budapest, which is where she originally came from. She decides to wait until the following day, and goes back to the hotel. Willie and Eddie end up winning all of their money back at the horse races. But when they get back, Eva is gone, and Willie reads her note and they go to the airport to stop her from leaving. When they get there, Willie conceives a plan: buy a ticket, get on the plane, find Eva and convince her to stay in the states. What Willie didn\'t know was that at the time Eva made her decision about flying back to Budapest, there was only one free seat left on the plane. The second to last shot shows Eddie outside watching the plane leave, and he realizes what has happened. The final shot shows Eva back at the hotel, returning to an empty room.'] ['Three unique women embark on a cross-country road trip: Jane , a lesbian lounge singer in search of a new life after breaking up with her girlfriend and getting fired; Holly , a pregnant girl who just wants to escape her brutal boyfriend; and Robin , an uptight real estate agent who has her own secrets . Robin puts an ad in the newspaper that she is looking for a traveling companion to accompany her on a cross country trip to California. Jane answers the ad and agrees to join Robin after her car gets towed during their meeting. Jane and Robin leave New York and travel through Pittsburgh to take Jane\'s friend Holly to lunch. They stumble across a knock out-fight between Holly and her abusive boyfriend, Nick, over some missing drugs. They leave him there bound to a chair with tape after Holly hits him in the head with a bat to stop him from attacking Jane. Unbeknownst to the women, without medical attention, the blow Nick received to his head turns out to be fatal, as he stumbles across the floor and dies. The three unlikely travelers then form a special friendship on their journey which sees them through ultimately tragic times. After discovering that Holly accidentally killed Nick and that she is pregnant, the three women decide to continue across country and end up in Tucson, Arizona when Robin has to be hospitalized. They decide to stay in Tucson, hoping to start a new life. However, Jane has a secret crush on Robin, Holly falls in love with and eventually confesses to a local police officer named Abe Lincoln , and Robin finds the courage to face her impending death. Shortly after Jane and Robin have a falling out over Jane telling a guy  who was interested in Robin that she has HIV, Holly is arrested by Abe. She is taken back to Pittsburgh to face the consequences of her actions. The return to Pittsburgh involves Robin and Jane making peace with each other on the courthouse\'s "Bridge of Sighs" while the Pittsburgh Police process Holly. A few months pass, in Tucson, Holly is free and with Abe and her daughter, which is celebration to all family and friends. Robin is now farther along with AIDS and is not expected to live much longer. The party asks Robin to sing the Roy Orbison song "You Got It" as she performed that song in a Star Search contest, though weak, she manages to sing with Jane backing her singing. In the final scene, Robin has died from AIDS as her wheelchair is now empty, Holly and Abe plan to stay in Arizona and become a family, while Jane hits the road to finally seek a life of her own.'] ['The story revolves around the odd relationship between two vagabonds: Max Millan , a short-tempered ex-convict, and Francis Lionel "Lion" Delbuchi , a childlike ex-sailor. They meet on the road in California and agree to become partners in a business, once they reach Pittsburgh. Lion is on his way to Detroit to see the child he has never met and make amends with his wife Annie, to whom he has been sending all the money he made while at sea. Max agrees to make a detour on his way to Pittsburgh, where the bank that Max has been sending all his seed money is located. His plans are to open a car wash, with Lionel as a partner. While visiting Max\'s sister in Denver, the two\'s antics land them in a prison work-house for a month. Max blames Lion for being sent back to jail and shuns him. Lion is befriended, then assaulted by an inmate named Riley ([[Richard Lynch . Max proceeds to teach Riley a lesson, rekindling his friendship with Lion. The two have a profound effect on each other, with Lion becoming more of an adult and Max loosening up his high-strung aggression . When they do finally make it to Detroit, Max has to take care of Lion, who becomes catatonic after hearing the passing of his unborn child .'] ["David Mann  is a middle-aged Los Angeles electronics salesman driving his red 1970 Plymouth Valiant Signet on a business trip. On a two-lane highway in the California desert, he encounters a grimy and rusty Peterbilt 281 Tanker truck, traveling slower than the speed limit and expelling thick plumes of sooty diesel exhaust. Mann passes the unsightly truck, which promptly roars past him and then slows down. Mann passes the truck a second time and is startled when it suddenly issues a long air horn blast. The truck follows him into a filling station. While there, Mann makes a phone call to his wife , who is upset with him for not confronting one of their friends at a recent party who was making a pass at her. The gas station attendant mentions that Mann needs a new radiator hose, but he disbelieves the attendant and refuses the repair.  Once both Mann and the trucker are back on the road, the truck begins blocking Mann’s path each time he attempts to pass it. At one point, the truck driver waves at Mann, indicating that he can overtake. When he does, he almost strikes an oncoming vehicle. Mann realizes the truck driver was trying to trick him into a fatal collision. He passes the truck again, using an unpaved turnout next to the highway. The truck soon begins to tailgate Mann at high speeds—over {{convert}}—forcing him to maintain his speed to avoid being rear-ended. The chase continues down a mountain road with the truck bumping him several times until the Plymouth goes off the road, colliding with a guardrail across the road from a diner. The truck keeps going. Mann enters the diner  to compose himself. After returning from the restroom, he is shocked to see the truck parked outside the diner. Mann studies the diner patrons carefully and begins an inner monologue in which he contemplates the driver's motives and second-guesses his decision to sit helplessly in the diner. Most of the patrons sitting at the counter give Mann the impression of malice, but when one leaves, appearing to approach the tanker, he instead drives away in a pickup truck. Mann eyes the patrons again to try to identify his pursuer, and when he thinks he has, he confronts him. The man he approaches  is angered by Mann's accusations and engages him in a short fist fight. After the fight is broken up by the café owner, the falsely-accused man drives away in a livestock truck; the tanker truck leaves a few seconds later, suggesting that Mann's tormenter was never in the diner in the first place. Mann leaves Chuck's Café and stops to help a stranded school bus, but his front bumper becomes caught underneath the rear of the bus. The truck appears at the end of a tunnel. Mann panics, manages to free the Plymouth and flees, but then is puzzled to see the truck helping the bus get moving. At a railroad crossing, the truck quietly approaches Mann's car from behind and starts pushing the Valiant towards a passing freight train. The train passes by just in time and Mann crosses the tracks and pulls off the road. The truck passes him by and disappears. Mann eventually catches up to the truck as it as stopped, as though it were waiting for him.  Mann then stops at Sally's Snakerama Gas Station to call the police and refuel his Plymouth. The truck has stopped just a little further up the road, seeming to contemplate what's about to happen. As if an epiphany has taken place, the truck realizes that Mann is up to something. Before he can complete his phone call, the truck roars up and plows into the telephone booth, with Mann jumping clear just in time. The truck proceeds to chase Mann as he is on foot, destroying Sally's Snakerama and releasing several rattlesnakes that had been caged on the premises. Terrified, Mann jumps into his car and speeds away. Mann then hides behind an embankment off the road and sees the truck pass by, apparently without noticing him. After a long wait, Mann heads off again but is dumbfounded to see that the truck is waiting for him just around the bend. Mann stops his car and attempts to get help from an older couple in a car that is cruising by. They think he is crazy and refuse to listen until they see the truck themselves, and flee when the truck backs up towards them at increasing speed. Mann returns to his car. The truck eventually allows him to pass by and a high-speed chase begins. Mann races up steep grades, putting some distance between himself and the truck. However, his Valiant begins to overheat when its weak radiator hose fails and the truck quickly begins gaining on him. Mann barely makes the summit and coasts down the other side in neutral as the truck bears down on him. Descending at speeds too great to control, the Plymouth spins out and impacts a rock wall. The truck speeds toward the damaged car as Mann accelerates, drives up a dirt road, and turns to face his opponent on a large hill overlooking a canyon. He places his briefcase on the accelerator and steers his vehicle directly toward the oncoming truck, jumping from the car at the last moment. The tanker hits the car, which bursts into flames, partially obscuring the truck driver's view. Too late, the truck's driver realizes he is headed for the canyon and brakes hard. With a blast of the air horn the truck plunges over the edge of a cliff into the canyon below. Above the smoking wreckage Mann sits, exhausted, at the cliff's edge, tossing stones into the abyss as the sun sets."] ["Mike , a gay street hustler, is standing alone on a deserted stretch of highway somewhere in Idaho. He starts talking to himself and notices that the road looks “like someone’s face, like a messed-up face.” He experiences a narcoleptic episode and dreams of his mother comforting him as he replays home movies of his childhood in his mind. Later, after being fellated by a client in Seattle, Washington, Mike returns to his favorite spots to pick up potential clients. He is picked up by a wealthy older woman  who takes him to her mansion where he meets two fellow hustlers also hired by the woman. One of them is Scott Favor , Mike’s best friend and the other is Gary . While preparing to have sex with the woman, Mike experiences another narcoleptic fit and awakens the next day with Scott in Portland, Oregon. Mike and Scott are soon reunited with Bob Pigeon , a middle-aged man and mentor to a gang of street kids and hustlers who live in an abandoned apartment building. Scott, the son of the mayor of Portland, admits to Bob in private that when he turns 21, he will inherit his father’s fortune and retire from street hustling. Mike yearns to find his mother, and he and Scott leave Portland for Idaho to visit Mike’s older brother Richard , who lives in a run-down trailer. Along this journey Mike confesses that he is in love with Scott. Richard tries to tell Mike who his real father is, but Mike says that he knows it is Richard. Richard tells Mike that their mother works as a hotel maid; when Mike and Scott visit the hotel, they find she has gone to Italy in search of her own family. Mike and Scott travel to Italy where they find the country farmhouse where Mike’s mother worked, as a maid and as an English tutor. The young woman, Carmella , who lives there tells Mike that his mother returned to the United States months ago. Carmella and Scott fall in love and return to the U.S., leaving Mike to return home on his own, facing heartache over Scott's leaving him. Scott inherits his fortune. Back in Portland, Bob and his gang confront a newly reformed Scott at a fashionable restaurant, but he rejects them. That night Bob has a fatal heart attack. The next day the hustlers hold a rowdy funeral for Bob, while in the same cemetery, a few yards away, Scott attends a solemn funeral for his recently deceased father. Mike is back on a deserted stretch of Idaho highway. He falls into another narcoleptic stupor and two strangers pull up in a truck, steal Mike’s backpack and shoes and drive away. Moments later, an unidentified figure pulls up in a car, picks Mike up, places him in the vehicle and drives off."] ['Yvan , a used car salesman, comes home late one evening to his house in the Belgian countryside. He discovers that a burglar  has just broken into his house and is hiding under his bed. When the burglar tries to escape, Yvan knocks him over by throwing a metal pipe at him. Upon confronting him, he discovers that the burglar is a young man in need of money to fuel his drug addiction. Yvan decides to help this young man, who says his names is Elie, by not turning him over to the police and by giving him a little money for the road. Finally, out of pity and remembering his own brother who had died of an overdose, Yvan decides to drive Elie, at his request, to the home of his parents in southern Belgium. Thus begins a journey across Wallonia, on which they face unsettling encounters with random people and humorous situations.'] ['Jamal and Enayatullah are Afghan refugees in a camp in Peshawar, Pakistan. They travel to Quetta, and thence to Taftan on the Iranian border. They pay people smugglers to assist them over the border; on their first attempt they are stopped by Iranian police and returned to Pakistan, but their second attempt is successful. They travel to Tehran and then to Maku, in the Kurdish part of Iran, from where they cross a mountain range on foot to Turkey. In Istanbul they meet a group of other migrants, and they are taken to Italy inside a shipping container. The container is not ventilated, and most of the refugees, including Enayatullah, are suffocated to death. Jamal survives and lives in Italy for a time. He then steals a woman\'s purse and buys a rail ticket to Paris. From there, he goes to the Sangatte asylum seekers camp and with a new friend, Yusef, he crosses the channel by stowing away on a lorry. Finally, he arrives in London, where he calls his uncle to say he has arrived but that Enyatullah is "not in this world". The film ends with images of the Peshawar refugees.'] ['Anthony "Tick" Belrose , using the drag pseudonym of Mitzi Del Bra, is a Sydney-based drag queen who accepts an offer to perform his drag act at Lasseter\'s Hotel Casino Resort managed by a female friend named Marion  in Alice Springs, a remote town in central Australia. After persuading his friends and fellow performers, Bernadette Basinger , a recently bereaved transsexual woman, and Adam Whitely , a flamboyant and obnoxious younger drag queen who goes under the drag name Felicia Jollygoodfellow, to join him, the three set out in a large tour bus which Adam christens "Priscilla, Queen of the Desert" for a four-week run in the Australian Outback town. While on the long journey through remote lands bordering the Simpson Desert, they meet a variety of characters, including a group of friendly Australian Aborigines for whom they perform, and the less accepting attitudes of rural Australia in such towns as Coober Pedy, and are subjected to homophobic abuse and even violence, including having their tour bus vandalised with the words "AIDS fuckers go home." When the tour bus breaks down in the middle of the desert, the trio meet Bob ([[Bill Hunter , a middle-aged mechanic from a small outback town who joins them on their journey. Before they arrive at Alice Springs, Tick reveals that Marion is actually his wife, as they never divorced, and that they are in fact going there as a favour to her. Continuing their journey, Adam is almost mutilated by a homophobic gang before he is saved by Bob and Bernadette. Adam is shaken and Bernadette comforts him, allowing them to reach an understanding. Likewise, the others come to terms with the secret of Tick\'s marriage and resolve their differences. Together, they fulfill a long-held dream of Adam\'s which is to climb Kings Canyon in full drag regalia. Upon arrival at the hotel, it is revealed that Tick and Marion also have an eight-year-old son, Benjamin , whom Tick has not seen for many years. Tick is nervous about exposing his son to his drag profession and anxious about revealing his homosexuality, though he is surprised to discover that Benjamin already knows and is fully supportive of his father\'s sexuality and career. By the time their four-week stint at the resort is over, Tick and Adam head back to Sydney, taking Benjamin back with them so that Tick can get to know his son and Marion can have a long-earned break. However, Bernadette decides to remain at the resort for a while with Bob, who has decided to work at the hotel after the two of them become close.'] ['In 1975, a young bourgeois woman falls in love with a bank robber. She follows him and his partner on the run after a bank heist resulted in a death and hostage taking. Using fake IDs, they leave Paris and travel to Spain, Morocco, and Greece.'] ["A traveling sideshow made up of a magician, a strongman, and an exotic dancer stop in rural villages hoping to mesmerize the townspeople out of whatever little money they may have. When a young accordionist becomes enamoured with the show's exotic dancer, he and his pregnant wife join the show as it sets off deeper into the interior."] ['The film opens with Harmony  driving down a long, winding road, the sounds of Elvis playing all around her. She feels that her life is empty and artificial. She is a traveling cosmetic saleswoman, setting up "Pink Lady" training seminars in the western portion of the United States. When she is asked if she\'s "one of those Mary Kaye ladies?", she replies, "No, we\'re pink, they\'re more salmon." While she is popular and successful selling "Pink Lady," there is nothing real or honest in her life. As Harmony travels around the country, trying to figure out what is missing from her life, Elvis impersonators keep dying in her wake. She is romantically pursued by Miles .'] ["For the Northern Cheyenne tribe of Lame Deer, Montana, the American Dream has taken a grim detour. Buddy Red Bow , a quick-tempered activist, is battling greedy developers who send fast-talking, slick Sandy Youngblood to the reservation to try to persuade the council to vote in favor of a strip-mining contract. Philbert Bono  is a serene hulk of a man guided by sacred visions. He desperately wants to find his medicine, tokens from the spirits, and starts his journey to become a warrior by trading some marijuana, booze, and a few bucks for his 'war pony' – a rusted out, beat up 1964 Buick Wildcat he names 'Protector.' Meanwhile, Buddy's estranged sister, Bonnie, is arrested in Santa Fe, New Mexico and Buddy is the only family member who can help her and her children, Jane and Sky Red Bow. Buddy does not own a car, so he is forced to make the journey with Philbert. They set out on their road trip, and Philbert's easygoing ways and insistence on frequent stops to pray and eat prove irritating at first to Buddy, but the men reach an understanding as the trip wears on. When they finally reach Santa Fe, they meet up with Bonnie's friend, Rabbit  who is also trying to get Bonnie out of jail. Buddy and Philbert end up taking more than just a trip from Lame Deer to Santa Fe, finding themselves on a journey with many unexpected twists, turns, and stops. Together, they face the realities and dreams of being Cheyenne in the modern-day United States as they travel down the Powwow Highway."] ['Shark and Yuto are on a road trip around Australia, surfing, smoking and drinking. They meet up with Kimiko and the mysterious Gunja Man before driving to many Australian landmarks.Bondi Tsunami'] ['Roshan  accompanies his dying grandmother Annapurna  to their ancestral property in crowded Delhi. Roshan is initially stunned by the mad rush of neighbours: Ali Baig  the renaissance man, feuding brothers Madangopal  and Jaigopal , their wives and families, Mamdu  the halwai, Gobar  the simpleton, Sethji and many others. Roshan eventually warms to the place and wholeheartedly embraces the sense of community. He accompanies his grandmother to the Ramleelas, hangs out at Mamdu\'s sweet stall, plays with the children, and gradually becomes steeped in the culture. Roshan is also slowly exposed to some sobering realities. When Annapurna faints  and they scramble to get her to a hospital, he finds the roads choked by traffic because of an impromptu ceremony around a cow in labour; he is further surprised when his grandmother, despite her stupor, stumbles forth to seek the blessings of a sacred cow; and he is astounded when the local police seem to encourage the practice. Roshan begins to understand the feuds and social issues in the community. Madangopal\'s sister Rama  is unwed  and Jaigopal\'s electrical business is going nowhere. The lecherous old local money lender Lala Bhairam  is married to a young woman who, in turn, is having an affair with a young photo-studio hand Suresh . Suresh is a double timer who is also pursuing Madangopal\'s daughter Bittu . Bittu secretly wants out of the stuck-in-time Old Delhi; she secretly prepares to audition for a popular reality show Indian Idol in the hope that she will win her way to Mumbai. Roshan comes to appreciate Ali Baig\'s cosmopolitan tastes and is surprised to learn that he fancied his mother many years ago and has since never married. And Roshan comes to empathise with the lower-caste trash collector girl Jalebi  who must endure untouchability at social functions except for when some of the brutish locals seek company. Roshan crosses paths with the loutish inspector Ranvijay who blithely stretches his authorities to manhandle the locals and becomes acquainted with the assembly-woman who displays political power at every opportunity. In the meantime, the news media is all abuzz with tales of a fearsome terror known only as the "Kala Bandar" . This miscreant  attacks people, steals and has caused the death of a few innocent people.  Nonetheless, the local news picks up on every move by the kala bandar and loudly blares about all his exploits. Jaigopal, the self-proclaimed electronics genius, theorises that the kala bandar likely has an electrical circuit  and may be electrocuted by water; this rumour is quickly propagated. The film takes several turns. After some initial friction, Roshan and Bittu warm to each other. Roshan intervenes when Bittu is about to receive a prospective suitor arranged by Madangopal. He echoes Bittu\'s desire to pursue other dreams; this drives the suitor away and brings Madangopal\'s wrath upon him. He gradually begins to fall in love with her but is confused when Bittu expresses her affections for Suresh . Around this time, the kala bandar attacks Old Delhi. The simple-minded locals bring in a tantrik Shani baba to exorcise the demonic influence of the kala bandar. After an extended havan ceremony, the tantrik baba, clearly an self-aggrandizing actor who dislikes the inter-religious equality practised in the community, speculates that the local mosque must have been built over the ruins of a temple that was demolished for the purpose. He thus initiates a vicious cycle of animosity in the previously harmonious Hindu-Muslim community. After the initial peaceful demonstrations , a mob goes on rampage and attacks some of the Muslims and their shops. This prompts one Muslim shop-owner, Mamdu, to set fire to the tree temple. Roshan attempts to make peace but is rebuffed because of his mixed religious parentage. The locals ultimately settle on the fact that the kala bandar is hiding out in the sooni galli  and must be destroyed. They command the simpleton Gobar to fetch a lock of hair from the evil enemy so that the tantrik can burn it and complete the exorcism. Roshan becomes aware of Bittu\'s plan to elope with Suresh and that Suresh is a low-life two timer. He dons a monkey mask and outfit and stealthily follows Bittu by leaping across the rooftops. In the meantime Gobar ventures into the sooni galli where Jalebi gives him a lock of her hair so he may return in triumph and bring peace to the community. At that moment, Roshan  intercedes in Bittu and Suresh\'s rendezvous and causes the cowardly Suresh to flee. Bittu raises a loud alarm before Roshan unmasks himself, Roshan tells Bittu he loves her where she also responds to his feelings,the two share a hug, whereupon the angry locals storm the place. Believing Roshan to be the kala bandar, they beat him to within an inch of his life and Mamdu shoots him. Then, Gobar comes up with a startling deduction about the reality of the kala bandar; that the kala bandar is in fact the vices residing inside the people of Delhi 6 and something that the people must defeat within themselves. In the end the neighborhood realizes this and helps Roshan to reach a hospital with the help of an ambulance. But while on the way, Roshan does not respond to the treatment leaving people to believe that he died. In the meanwhile Roshan meets his grandfather  in the terrace of a building in Delhi. Roshan\'s grandfather  reveals that there is a Kala Bandar in his heart and that is why he wanted to ask forgiveness to his mom for not accepting their inter-religious marriage. After that he said he will meet him once again. Roshan responds to his treatment and everyone is happy that he is not dead. The film ends with Roshan understanding the diversity of Delhi 6. During the end credits, the important characters appears before the mirror and reveal their emotions during their days in Delhi 6.'] ["In 1832, Jim Deakins  is traveling in the wilderness when he encounters an initially hostile Boone Caudill . However, they soon become good friends. They head to the Missouri River in search of Boone's uncle, Zeb Calloway . They find him when they are tossed in jail for brawling with fur traders of the Missouri River Company. When 'Frenchy' Jourdonnais  comes to bail Zeb out, Zeb talks him into paying for Jim and Boone too. The two men join an expedition organized by Zeb and Frenchy to travel 2000 miles up the river to trade with the Blackfoot Indians, in competition with the Missouri Company. Zeb has brought along Teal Eye , a pretty Blackfoot woman Zeb found several years before after she had escaped from an enemy tribe. Zeb intends to use her as a hostage, as she is the daughter of a chief. On the journey, they encounter another Blackfoot Zeb knows, Poordevil ; they take him along. Later, Teal Eye falls into the river and is rescued from rapids by Boone. The Missouri Company knows about the threat to their monopoly. One day, it makes its move. A party led by Streak  captures Teal Eye and tries to burn the boat, but Frenchy wakes up before the fire causes much damage. Poordevil tracks the enemy and Zeb and Jim rescue the woman. Later, the expedition puts in at a company trading post and leaves a warning not to interfere. A week later, they repulse an attack by Crow Indians. Jim is separated from the group and shot in the leg. Boone, followed by Teal Eye and Poordevil, finds him, extracts the bullet and waits for his friend to heal. When they rejoin their band, they find Streak trying to buy the boat and the goods on it. Jim compares the bullet dug out of his leg with one of Streak's and finds them to be the same. Streak and his men are killed in the ensuing shootout. The expedition reaches the Blackfeet and begins trading. Teal Eye tells a very disappointed Jim that she loves him... like a brother. Boone follows her back to her teepee. When he emerges much later, he is surprised to find out he is now married. However, Teal Eye makes him buy her from her father, so that he can leave any time he wants to. With winter coming on, the men begin the long return trip. However, Boone changes his mind and decides to stay with Teal Eye."] ["A young couple in love – Watty Watts  and Starlene , – are planning a successful convenience store robbery. The next day they are paid a visit by two collectors for a local mobster who Watty has borrowed money from to buy an engagement ring for Starlene. They are called Creepy Cody and Dinosaur Bob, and they inform Watty that he must get the money very soon. This is followed by a visit by Watts' drug-addicted former prison buddy, Billy Mack Black , who has a plan for a big score. Against the wishes of Starlene, Watty goes along with the plot and the robbery fails, leading to the stoned clerk being shot and killed by Billy, though they do clear the safe of the money. Following the murder Billy pulls his gun on Watty and forces him to go to a restaurant to eat breakfast, where Billy again pulls his gun on Watty. Fearing for his life, Watty attacks Billy with a fork and escapes. He then returns to his trailer and Starlene, asks her to marry him and tells her they have to flee to Mexico. They are then paid a visit by two police officers, who try to kill them as revenge for the murder and robbery. Starlene manages to shoot one of the officers, who accidentally shoots the other one, and the couple escape. They then make their way toward Mexico pursued by Billy Mack, Bob and Creepy and the police. The two are romanticized in the crime obsessed media and become celebrities. On the way they stop in to see Starlene's parents, , who are later found by Billy, Bob and Creepy, leading to a violent showdown in which all are killed except Billy. Billy catches up with Watty and Starlene and the three of them cross into Mexico together. There the three engage in a showdown in which Starlene eventually kills Billy by injecting him with an overdose of high-powered speed. The two lovers take some liquid LSD given to them by Starlene's father and drive off into the sunset to start a new life."] ['Travis Henderson  is walking alone across a vast South Texas desert landscape. Looking for water, he enters a saloon and collapses. He is treated by a doctor, but does not speak or respond to questions. The doctor finds a phone number on Travis, calls the Los Angeles number, and reaches his brother, Walt Henderson , who agrees to pick him up. When Walt arrives in Texas, he discovers that Travis is gone. When he finds him wandering alone, Walt tells his silent brother that he will take him back to Los Angeles. When Travis refuses to fly, Walt rents a car, and the brothers begin a two-day road trip back to Los Angeles. They stop at a motel, but Travis wanders off again. Walt finds him, and the two drive to a diner, where Walt begins to question the still silent Travis more forcefully about his disappearance. Walt and his wife, Anne , have not heard from Travis in four years. After Travis abandoned his son Hunter , Walt and Anne took care of him for four years. Travis is visibly moved by the mention of his son, and tears flow from his eyes. The next day, as the two brothers continue their journey, Travis finally speaks in the car, showing Walt a weathered photograph of a vacant lot. He explains that he purchased the property in Paris, Texas—a town he believes is the place where he was conceived, based on the stories told by their mother. When they arrive in Los Angeles, Travis meets Anne and the son whom he abandoned four years earlier. Hunter is uncomfortable around this stranger who is his father. Walt shows some old home movies, hoping to evoke good memories and help break the ice between the father and son. The movies show Travis with his wife, Jane , and their young son, sharing a day at the beach. In the coming days, the relationship between Travis and his son slowly grows, and a bond of trust between the two starts to develop. Anne tells Travis that although she has not heard from Hunter\'s mother in a year, Jane still deposits money into a bank account for her son on the same day each month. She reveals the name of the bank in Houston, Texas, where the deposits are made. Travis becomes determined to find his lost wife, and when he tells his son that he plans to travel to Houston to find his mother, the boy says he will accompany him. Travis and Hunter leave for Texas without telling Walt and Anne. During their journey, Travis and Hunter grow closer, with Hunter sharing things he learned in school, and Travis sharing his memories. When they arrive in Houston on the expected day of deposit, Hunter spots his mother leaving the bank. They follow her to a parking lot of a striptease club. Telling Hunter to wait in the car, Travis enters the club, containing rooms where customers sit behind one-way mirrors and tell the strippers what they want to see via telephone. The women cannot see the customers. Travis is shocked, but ends up in a room opposite Jane. After several minutes of awkward silence, Travis walks out, returns to the car, and drives to a bar, where he begins to drink. The next day, Travis drops Hunter off at a downtown Houston hotel , and heads back to the striptease club. Travis enters a room with Jane on the other side of the one-way mirror. He picks up the phone, turns his chair away from her, and tells her a story of a man and a young girl who fell in love, married, and had a child—probably before they were ready. At first, Jane is confused by the story, but she soon understands who is on the other side of the glass telling the true story of their relationship. Travis describes how this couple\'s love turned from being joyful to stifling, explains how the drunken man suffocated the young girl with his jealousy and control, and tells how he came to loathe himself and why he disappeared to a place with "no language" and "no roads"—never wanting to see anyone again. When Travis prepares to leave, Jane urges him to stay. She tells how hard it was to leave him—that for years she thought of him often. Travis finally faces the glass, turns a lamp on his face so Jane can see him, and tells her where she can find Hunter, asking her to go there and reunite with her son. Jane agrees and Travis leaves the room. Later that day, Jane enters the hotel room where Hunter is waiting, and the mother and child embrace each other. Travis leaves Houston behind him, driving alone.'] ['Shack is a sadistic bully of a railroad conductor who takes it upon himself to forcibly remove any hobo who tries to ride on his train. Shack has an assortment of makeshift weapons: a hammer, a steel rod, and a chain. A hobo who is a hero to his peers, A-No.1, manages to hop the train with the younger, less-experienced Cigaret not far behind. At the next stop, A-No.1 evades Shack and escapes into the hobo jungle, but Cigaret is caught. Shack threatens to kill Cigaret, who is bragging that he and he alone got a free ride. Shack is distracted when he gets the message that A-No.1  has announced that he will become the first hobo to ride Shack\'s train all the way to Portland. The other hobos agree that the first who can successfully ride Shack\'s train will have earned the title "Emperor of the North Pole." Railroad workers place bets whether A-No.-1 can do it, spreading the news far and wide over the telegraph, Shack being widely known and disliked. A-No.1 hops the train and does everything he can to steer clear of Shack, pulling a series of pranks with the help of other hobos, such as running Shack\'s train into a siding. He tries to rid himself of the company of Cigaret, who tags along and makes a general pest of himself. Shack succeeds in ejecting the two, but they board a fast passenger train which overtakes Shack\'s train and ride it to Salem, Oregon. There, they have several farcical encounters, including one with a policeman who chases the two into the Salem hobo jungle, accusing them of stealing a turkey. They also encounter a Holiness minister holding an outdoor baptism service. The two hobos reboard Shack\'s train after it arrives in Salem. The story ends with a climactic fight, involving heavy chains, planks of wood and an ax. A-No.1 ultimately has the bloodied Shack at his mercy, but instead of killing him, he just throws him off the train. He then tosses Cigaret off for bragging about how "they" defeated Shack, telling the kid he could have become a good bum but he\'s got no class.'] ["Vishnu , a restless young man, itches to escape his father's faltering hair oil business. An old truck beckons, which, Vishnu sees as his ticket to freedom. He offers to drive the 1942 Chevy across the desert to the sea, where it has been sold to a local museum. As he sets off across the harsh terrain of desert India, he discovers he's not merely transporting a battered vehicle but an old touring cinema. Along the way, Vishnu reluctantly picks up a young runaway , a wandering old entertainer  and a striking gypsy woman . Together they roam in the barren land, searching for water and an elusive fair. The journey turns dire when they are waylaid by corrupt cops and a notorious water lord. The key to their freedom is the eccentric collection of films and the two forty-year-old film projectors in the back of the truck. As in '1001 Nights', if the films are good, they live and move on. If the films are boring, they face death in the outback. The journey proves transformative for each of the travelers, but especially for Vishnu who discovers life, love and laughter on the Indian highway."] ['The movie begins with two men in a bar, one of them talking about a thesis statement for an upcoming paper. One of them makes an argument that America is unique in that it has no real mythological character for granting wishes, such as a genie or leprechaun. The two men are soon joined in conversation by an old man at the bar claiming that America does, named O.W. Grant; the son of a leprechaun and a Cheyenne Indian. The man claims that O.W. is a mischievous fellow who enjoys playing tricks on others, but every so often, he takes a shine to one or two of them. When the two men ask what O.W. Grant looks like, the old man explains that he wears a red bow tie, and smokes a pipe in the shape of a monkey-head. The old man leaves, telling the two men that O.W. Grant is usually found along Interstate 60. After he leaves, the two men check a nearby roadmap, and find no such Interstate, convinced that the old man was pulling their leg. The scene then cuts to O.W.  Grant , riding down a city street on a bicycle, smoking a pipe in the shape of a monkey-head. A man busy talking on a cell phone  doesn\'t see him and opens his car\'s door, slamming into Grant, causing him to fall from his bike and break his monkey-head pipe. Grant\'s bicycle is totaled when a truck runs over it, and the man\'s cell phone and suit are ruined. The man apologizes, but starts screaming and yelling about how awful his day has been now that his cell phone is destroyed. Grant, seemingly amused, asks him if he wished the day would start over. The man screams a confirmation. Green smoke billows from Grant\'s pipe and the scene begins again . This time, Grant safely avoids the car door. As he watches, the man on the cell phone gets out of his car, and still enamored with the phone conversation, walks right into the path of the oncoming truck. Grant shrugs his shoulders, and mutters: "Some people just don\'t know what to wish for." The story then switches over to Neal Oliver who works at a warehouse in St. Louis, Missouri, at night on the stocking crew that gets food ready to be delivered to local grocery stores. Although he has a rich family, and his dad works as a lawyer, he works the warehouse job to not have to rely on his family to support him. While he aspires to become an artist, he doesn\'t have enough faith in his work, and his girlfriend is a psychology major who keeps analyzing him without offering any real support. He also has recurring dreams about a blonde-haired girl , whom he keeps drawing and painting. On his 22nd birthday, his family is gathered in a restaurant to celebrate. Among the gifts and smiles, O.W. Grant, dressed as a waiter, serves them their cake. Neal blows out the candles and tells everyone that he wished for an answer to his life, to which his father presumptuously hands him an acceptance letter to a prestigious law school. Watching from a corner, Grant is intrigued by Neal\'s wish. As the family goes outside to look at the car  that Neal\'s dad bought him , a bucket falls onto Neal\'s head, knocking him out. Later, he wakes up in the hospital, where a doctor named Ray  comes in and does a quick sight test with Neal using playing cards. He holds them up quickly and Neal has to guess the suit on the cards. At the end of the test, Neal confidently asks if he got it right, at which Ray replies that he didn\'t, since several of the cards actually have a few red spades and black hearts in the deck. Ray then gives Neal a small lecture about how things aren\'t always what they seem. He leaves, and another doctor comes in confirming that they don\'t have a doctor named Ray on their staff. Shortly after getting out of the hospital, more strange happenings occur around Neal. At a Chinese restaurant, his fortune cookie \'fortune\' reads: \'Oct 15th. Are you sure?\' The date is the same day of the law school interview that his Dad had set up. However, when one of Neal\'s friends looks at the fortune, the letters have disappeared. While working at his warehouse job, he notices a billboard with the same girl on it that he has been painting in his art pieces. Neal is curious to find out who she is, and calls the billboard company that placed the advertisement, only to have them say that the display is blank. Bewildered, Neal drives back to the location to find that the billboard has now changed to a new image with the girl and a telephone number. Neal gives it a call, and a recorded message tells him that he has an appointment for the next day at a specific time. The next day, Neal goes to his appointment on the 13th floor of the specific building, only to find that the building doesn\'t have one. Taking a cue from an ad in the elevator , he presses the \'10\' and \'3\' buttons on the elevator, and ends up on floor 13. Once there, he again meets Ray who gives him a package to deliver, but doesn\'t tell him what\'s inside; the only address is to a Robin Fields in a town called Danver in Colorado . Ray then explains the rules of the delivery: if Neal leaves the 13th floor with the package, he has no choice but to deliver it. As well, he is not allowed to open the parcel or find out what is inside it. Neal is then given a contract, which he signs with a pen, and seals with a drop of blood per Ray\'s request. Once he has done so, Ray cautions him that there\'s a killer on the loose, and to be careful. However, when Neal presses for more information, Ray won\'t continue further. As Neal leaves with his assignment, Ray tells him that he\'ll find Danver by taking Interstate 60. Neal checks a number of roadmaps, but there does not appear to be an Interstate 60. Taking a guess, he sets out West, only to encounter O.W. Grant along the roadside. Grant happily greets Neal, and hands him a bag containing a \'birthday present.\' The present turns out to be a Magic 8-Ball, which can answer any yes-or-no question that Neal asks it. Shortly after their meeting, Grant gives Neal some directions, and they are soon on the unlisted Interstate 60. Traveling along the mysterious highway, Neal and Grant discuss such things as the humor found in causing people to recognize the gullible side of themselves, Grant\'s unfortunate accident that rendered him permanently sterile, and the certainty of knowing what to wish for. Grant departs soon after, leaving Neal to run into such characters as: * A promiscuous woman  looking for the perfect man to get laid. * The same man who told the two men in the beginning about O.W. Grant. Neal and O.W. encounter him as he walks into a diner and makes a bet that he can eat a gigantic amount of food in an hour without throwing up or relieving himself. * A dying  ex-advertiser named Bob Cody ([[Chris Cooper  whose lung cancer has given him an affinity for the truth...and dynamite. * A lonely mother looking for her slacker son, who turns out to be living in a city where the population is addicted to a government-controlled drug, Euphoria; Kurt Russell is the local police chief with a penchant for dry humor. * A Museum of Art Fraud run by Mrs. James  that actually contains real masterpieces posing as fakes that are undetected by the visiting poseurs. * The town of Morlaw, where every citizen is a lawyer who spend their days suing each other, and imprisoning unwary travelers on trumped-up charges. It\'s here that Neal is finally united with the woman, Lynn , whom he has been painting and drawing. When he gets her released from prison, she turns out to be far from the perfection he expected, swearing in an uncouth and rude manner – but it turns out to be a ruse to make sure that Neal doesn\'t just want to get into her pants. Once they are free, Lynn explains that she had previously met O.W. Grant, and had wished to find the right guy...though she hadn\'t counted on her wish leaving her in jail for one year. After exchanging conversation, they realize that they have so much in common and spend the night together at the "Fork in the Road" motel. Neal also makes a painting of the motel in the waking hours of the morning. Neal then leaves to ensure that he delivers the package in Danver, due to the contract he signed. However, Lynn stays behind, as a letter from O.W. Grant cautions her not to go. However, when driving on the way to Danver, Neal\'s car is revealed to match that of a reported murderer on the loose. He abandons the vehicle, and the police get into a confrontation with the real killer in an identical car, which ends in a fiery car wreck. Neal asks one of the policemen who he was, and replies that he was a St. Louis law school student who went insane and murdered his own father. After hitchhiking a ride to Danver, Neal finally makes it to the Rainbow Club. Entering a seemingly-abandoned bar, he is reunited with the mysterious Ray, and is stunned when "Robin Fields" turns out to be none other than the whimsical O.W. Grant himself, whose insistence at holding people to their tasks prevented him from reclaiming his package earlier in the film. Upon taking delivery of the package , Grant uses his magic powers to "warp" Neal back in time, where he wakes up in the hospital before he first encountered Ray. Leaving the hospital, Neal finally confronts his father and asserts his right to live his life without his father\'s interference, and then proceeds with his sister to an art gallery at her insistence, confused as to why he\'d need to be there with none of his work submitted. Once there, he realizes that his painting of the "Fork in the Road" was submitted to the art gallery. A few moments later, Grant appears, reminding Neal of the value of honesty and humor. A girl who resembles Lynn  talks to him, interested in commissioning him to do a series of paintings on roadside motels and diners. As they chat, Grant is seen talking softly to Neal\'s sister. "You have a birthday coming up, right?" he says, smiling mischievously. "Don\'t forget to make a wish..."'] ["Although she grew up in Lebanon, wealthy Lebanese Muslim Zeina Nasrueddi  has been living in Dubai with her architect husband and son, Karim. Marital difficulties led her to send her son to spend the summer with her sister Maha in Lebanon. When the 2006 Lebanon War began she traveled to Beirut via Turkey. In order to find her son, she hires Lebanese Christian taxi driver Tony  to drive her to Southern Lebanon. In their search for Maha and Karim, they encounter the devastation wrought by the war and learn each other's personal secrets, including the fact that Tony's brother was a member of the South Lebanon Army and is now living in exile in Israel."] ["In November 1963, Dallas housewife Lurene Hallett  is obsessed with First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy. Lurene feels a special connection with Jackie through her own loss of a child. Knowing that President John F. Kennedy and his wife will be visiting Dallas, Lurene travels to Love Field Airport to try to catch a glimpse of the couple as they arrive by plane on November 22, 1963. Driving away a few hours later, she notices a quiet chaos developing, and discovers that the President has been assassinated. Lurene leaves her car in the middle of the street and rushes to watch the news through a store window. Lurene's anguish over the death of John F. Kennedy reflects the collective grief of the nation over this tragedy. Ignoring her overbearing husband Ray , she travels by bus to attend the funeral in Washington, D.C. Much to the chagrin of the black patrons on the bus, Lurene talks constantly of the assassination during the bus ride. During her journey, she befriends Jonell , the young black daughter of Paul Cater . After the bus has an accident, Lurene notices wounds on Jonell's body. Lurene senses something is wrong, suspects Paul and calls the FBI to report that there has been a kidnapping. Moments after her well-intentioned interference, Paul explains that Jonell's wounds are from an orphanage that he rescued her from and he is indeed her real father. Nevertheless, Lurene's FBI call leads the three of them on an increasingly difficult road trip across America with both the police and Ray in pursuit.{{cite web}} Over the course of the film Lurene and Paul develop a deep relationship, leading to a one-night roll in the hay . The police eventually catch Paul and Lurene, and Paul is sentenced to a year in jail. The movie then flashes forward to 1964  to show Lurene visiting Jonell in a foster home where she has been staying. It is evident that Lurene has been visiting Jonell regularly. In one scene, Lurene explains to Jonell that her father is coming back to take her home later that day. As Lurene leaves the group home, Paul arrives to pick up Jonell. The two stop to talk and Lurene informs Paul that she and Ray are divorced. Paul and Lurene hug and Lurene drives away. In the concluding scene of the film, Lurene turns her car around and rushes back into the group home to join Paul and Jonell."] ['Nate Johnson  and his family have been invited to their big family reunion in Missouri. He sees it as an opportunity to reconnect with his estranged wife  and growing children, as well as a chance to show up his wealthier know-it-all brother, Mack . Nate takes delivery on an expensive new SUV, persuades his recently separated wife Dorothy to tag along, and packs up his three kids &mdash; nubile teenager Nikki , under-age wannabe rapper D.J. ([[Bow Wow , and precocious seven-year-old Destiny  &mdash; for what he imagines will be a leisurely drive from Los Angeles to Missouri. However, between his wary wife, arguing kids, angry police officers, a bizarre hitchhiker , bad diner food, and an unfortunate run-in with a cement mixer, getting from point A to point B proves to be just short of a nightmare.'] ["German writer Philip Winter has missed his publisher's deadline for writing an article about the United States. He decides to return to Germany, and encounters a German woman, Lisa, and her daughter, Alice, who are both doing the same thing. After Lisa leaves Alice temporarily in Phil's care, it quickly becomes apparent that he will have to look after her for longer than he expected.<ref name 0069687 |title=Alice in the Cities}} Phil finds himself stuck with Alice, searching various cities of Germany for her grandmother, whose name and address Alice cannot remember. The only clue they have is a photograph of her grandmother's front door with no house number and no one in the shot."] ['Justice  is a young woman living in South Central, Los Angeles. She was named Justice by her late mother, who gave birth to her while attending law school. After the shooting death of her boyfriend Markell ([[Q-Tip , Justice falls into a deep depression. She spends the majority of her time in the house she inherited from her grandmother, with her cat White Boy, only going out to her job at a local hair salon. Justice is a talented poet, she reads many of her poems throughout the course of the film, both to other characters and in voice over. Justice is at the hair salon working one day when a young postal clerk named Lucky  comes in and begins flirting with her. She rebuffs his advances with the help of her female boss; the two women pretend to be lesbians and mock Lucky with their "relationship". Lucky has also had tragedy in his life, his main focus is caring for his young daughter Keisha. He had to forcibly remove her from the care of her mother, a crack addict who was using drugs and having sex with her drug dealer while leaving the child unattended in the apartment. Lucky dreams of a professional career in music and shows considerable promise, but he insists his cousin is the true talent. Justice\'s friend Iesha  manages to talk Justice into taking a road trip to Oakland with Iesha\'s boyfriend Chicago , and Lucky\'s co-worker at the post office. Justice warily accepts, mainly because she has to go to Oakland for a hair show, and her car dies at the last minute. Unbeknownst to Justice, Lucky is Chicago\'s co-worker also on the trip, and she will now be sharing a postal van with him and their two mutual friends. Initially they argue, but over the course of the film soften towards each other as they discover their similarities. The foursome make a couple of detours, the first being a family reunion barbecue they see signs for on the road. Here it becomes apparent  that Iesha and Chicago\'s relationship is troubled. Lesha openly flirts with other men at the barbecue, while Chicago broods watching her behavior. The second stop is a beach where each of the four characters contemplate their separate situations in internal monologues. Next they stop at an African Cultural Fair where Lucky and Justice grow closer as they discuss their lives. After leaving the fair, the friction between Chicago and Iesha explodes when a drunken Iesha informs Chicago she has been seeing someone on the side and he physically attacks her. Lucky initially decides not to get involved in the fight until Justice defends Iesha by kicking Chicago in the groin, and Chicago turns his physical brutality on Justice in retaliation. Lucky, Justice, along with a bleeding and shaken Iesha leave Chicago by the side of the road and continue on their journey. When Lucky stops the postal van, Justice goes to see what\'s wrong. She begins opening up to him about her life and Lucky becomes sympathetic. They share a kiss and Justice walks away apparently unsure of her feelings for Lucky. She goes back to him and they share another kiss. When the now-threesome arrive in Oakland, they are met with the news that Lucky\'s cousin, with whom he had been working on recording music, has been killed. Lucky blames himself for not being in Oakland sooner, believing he could have prevented the shooting had he been in town. He turns his anger on Justice, angrily blaming her for distracting him while they were on the road. Some months have passed, and we meet up with Justice again back at the hair salon, just at the moment Lucky brings in his daughter Keisha. Lucky is remorseful over his conduct in Oakland and the cruel words he said to Justice there. He asks her forgiveness. She smiles at him and they share a passionate kiss. Justice smiles coyly, and then turns her attention to Keisha, fussing over her hair. Justice and Lucky\'s eyes meet over Keisha\'s head and they smile, their connection as strong as ever.'] ["Julius  is a struggling musician who sets off to find Elmore Silk  in order to strike a deal with him and become famous. Along his search, he meets various people who have encountered Elmore, and can give him valuable insight into what kind of man Elmore is. Once he meets Elmore, he finally realizes that financial gain is nothing compared to the development of one's artistic ability."] ['Teenage lovers Jordan White  and Amy Blue  pick up a handsome drifter named Xavier Red  while driving home from a club. Jordan gives Xavier the nickname "X". A late-night stop at a convenience store leaves the three on the run when X accidentally kills the store\'s owner . The trio hides in a motel to avoid arrest. While Jordan and Amy have sex in the bath tub, X learns from the local television news program that the store owner\'s wife  disemboweled her children with a machete before committing suicide, thus, he concludes, removing any possibility of the trio being caught by the police. Later that evening, Amy has sex with X, even though they do not get along. Eventually Jordan finds out, and things become tense as the two men develop a lingering sexual attraction for one another. As the trio journeys across small-town USA, they continue to get into violent situations due to people either claiming to be Amy\'s previous lovers or mistaking her for such. The FBI has a meeting and declares it will find Amy and kill her . She is mistakenly identified by a fast food window clerk as "Sunshine" and later by a character played by Parker Posey as "Kitten". Jordan, Amy and X spend the night in an abandoned barn, where they engage in a threesome. While Amy goes to urinate, Jordan and X are attacked by a trio of neo-Nazis, one of whom had previously mistaken Amy for his ex-girlfriend "Bambi". The gang proceeds to beat up X and then hold Jordan down as the aforementioned neo-Nazi ties up and rapes Amy on top of an American flag. The group finally severs Jordan\'s penis with pruning shears and forces it into his mouth. After Amy breaks free, she kills the neo-Nazis with the shears and escapes with X, leaving Jordan for dead. The film ends with Amy and X driving aimlessly on the road. X is eating Doritos and offers Amy some, but receives no response. Amy simply smokes a cigarette and continues driving as the film fades to the end credits.'] ["Ignacio Carrillo  is a vallenato singer from Majagual, Sucre, who decides, after his wife's sudden death, to stop playing and return his accordion, which is said to be cursed, to his master. He is joined by Fermín Morales , a teenage boy who admires Ignacio and wishes to become a juglar like him. Carrillo reluctantly accepts, given his loneliness. On Ash Wednesday 1968, Carrillo, Morales and their donkey start a journey throughout several towns in the Caribbean region in Northern Colombia, until Taroa , in La Guajira desert, where Carrillo's maestro supposedly lives. During their journey, Carrillo participates in the first version of the Vallenato Legend Festival in Valledupar."] ['A businessman in India  fails to catch his train as it pulls out of a station. He is beaten to it by a younger man, Peter Whitman , who is carrying heavy luggage. Peter reunites with his brothers Francis  and Jack  on the luxury train called "The Darjeeling Limited", which is traveling across India. The brothers have not seen each other since their father\'s funeral. Francis, the oldest of the three brothers, has planned their journey in advance. The journey is supposed to culminate in a reunion with their mother , but Francis tells his brothers that they are making the journey for spiritual self-discovery. His brothers are not convinced of this, and get annoyed with Francis\' controlling behaviour such as choosing from the menu for them, which turns out to be a trait inherited from their mother. With his assistant Brendan\'s help, Francis draws up an itinerary for the trip and takes his brothers\' passports to prevent them from getting off the train too early. The youngest Whitman, Jack, has written a short story which is similar to his own life, but he denies the similarities. He obsessively listens to the messages on his ex-girlfriend\'s answering machine at every train stop. Moreover, he has a fling with the train\'s stewardess Rita , whom Francis nicknames "Sweet Lime" for the drinks she offers. Peter, the middle brother, justifies his keeping many of his late father\'s possessions by claiming that he was their father\'s favorite. His wife, Alice , is expecting a baby, but Peter fears that their relationship may end in divorce. In their trips through the Indian provinces, Francis has one of his loafers stolen by a shoe-shine boy; Peter buys a cobra, which later escapes from its transport container. This escape results in the brothers being confined to their cabins in the train. Francis and Peter get into a fight over the latter being their father\'s "favorite" and Jack uses pepper spray, trying to stop the fight. The train\'s Chief Steward , whom the three brothers have repeatedly annoyed, throws the three of them off the train with all their luggage. On their way back to civilization, they see three young boys fall into a river while attempting to pull a raft across it. Jack and Francis rescue two of the boys, but Peter fails to save the third, which affects him deeply. In the boys\' village, the three brothers are befriended by the villagers and attend the boy\'s funeral. In a flashback, the three brothers and Alice are in a car, going to their father\'s funeral. They stop to pick up their father\'s Porsche from the repair shop, but the car is not ready so the brothers leave. Back in the present, the Whitmans get on a bus, which takes them from the village to the airport. However, they rip up their tickets and decide to go visit their mother. The reunion is very emotional  and the family is reunited for a time. The next morning, the three brothers find that their mother has again left her family and children. On the way back the three brothers run for a train, and jettison all their baggage on the railway line as they and some porters run after the train. Jack reads his new short story, and gives in, accepting that it is representative of his own life. Francis wants to give the passports back to his brothers, but the brothers decide that the passports are safer with him.  {{main}} Anderson also wrote and directed the 2007 short film Hotel Chevalier, starring Jason Schwartzman and Natalie Portman. The 13-minute film acts as a prologue to The Darjeeling Limited. In it, Jack\'s ex-girlfriend turns up unexpectedly at his hotel room in Paris, and they spend the night together. Originally attached to festival screenings of The Darjeeling Limited, it was removed during the limited theatrical release and instead made available on Apple Inc.\'s iTunes Store as a free download. On October 26, 2007, Hotel Chevalier was removed from iTunes in favor of releasing it in theaters with the wide release of The Darjeeling Limited.'] ['Would-be western singer Red Stovall , suffers from tuberculosis and has finally been given an opportunity to make it big at the Grand Ole Opry. He is accompanied by his young nephew Whit , to Nashville, Tennessee where he is supposed to record a song. After a series of adventures which include the nephew\'s "coming of age" in a house of ill repute, he and uncle Red finally arrive at Nashville, only to have the tuberculosis reach a critical stage in the middle of the recording session, where Red\'s lines are filled in by a side guitarist. Red finally succumbs while his nephew vows to tell the story of his uncle. Red\'s vintage, Pierce-Arrow touring car, prevalent throughout the movie, finally \'dies\' at the cemetery where Red is laid to rest.'] ['The film opens with a montage of news clips of Civil Rights Movement and Vietnam War protests while The Lennon Sisters cover of "My Favorite Things" plays over them, before cutting to Raoul Duke  and Dr. Gonzo  speeding across the Nevada desert. Duke, under the influence of mescaline, complains of a swarm of giant bats, before going through the pair\'s inventory of psychoactive drugs. Shortly afterward, the duo stop to pick up a young hitchhiker , and explain what they are doing. Duke has been assigned by an unnamed magazine to travel to Las Vegas and cover the Mint 400 motorcycle race. However, they have also decided to take advantage of the trip by purchasing a large number of drugs, and rent a Cadillac Eldorado convertible. The young man soon becomes terrified of the antics of the duo, and flees on foot. Trying to reach Vegas before the hitchhiker can go to the police, Gonzo gives Duke a tab of "Sunshine Acid", then informs him that there is little chance of making it before the drug kicks in. By the time they reach the strip, Duke is in full throes of his trip, and barely makes it through the check-in; all the while hallucinating that the hotel clerk is a moray eel, and that his fellow bar patrons are lizards in the depths of an orgy. The next day, Duke arrives at the race, and heads out with his photographer, a man by the name of Lacerda . During the coverage, Duke becomes irrational and believes that they are in the middle of a battlefield, so he fires Lacerda, and returns to the hotel. After consuming more mescaline, as well as huffing diethyl ether, Duke and Gonzo arrive at the Bazooko Circus casino, but leave shortly afterwards, the chaotic atmosphere frightening Gonzo. Back in the hotel room, Duke leaves Gonzo unattended, and tries his luck at a quick round of roulette. When Duke returns, he finds that Gonzo, after consuming a full sheet of LSD, has trashed the room, and is sitting fully clothed in the bathtub, attempting to pull the tape player in with him, as he wants to hear the song better. He pleads with Duke to throw the machine into the water when the song "White Rabbit" peaks. Duke agrees, but instead throws a grapefruit at Gonzo\'s head before running outside. The next morning, Duke awakes to a massive room service bill, and no sign of Gonzo , and attempts to leave town. As he nears Baker, California, a highway patrolman  pulls him over for speeding, and advises him to sleep at a nearby rest stop. Realizing that he is being set up, Duke instead decides to return to Las Vegas, and reads a telegram from Gonzo, informing him that he has a suite in his name at the Flamingo Las Vegas so he can cover a District Attorney\'s convention on narcotics. Duke checks into his suite, only to be met by an LSD-tripping Gonzo, and a young girl by the name of Lucy  he has brought with him. Gonzo explains that Lucy has come to Las Vegas to meet Barbra Streisand, and that he fed her LSD on the plane without her knowing. Sensing the trouble this could get them into, Duke convinces Gonzo to ditch Lucy in another hotel before her trip wears off. Gonzo accompanies Duke to the D.A.\'s convention, and the pair discreetly snort cocaine as the guest speaker delivers a comically out-of-touch speech about "marijuana addicts" before showing a brief film. Unable to take it, Duke and Gonzo flee back to their room, only to discover that Lucy has called. Their trips mostly over, Gonzo deals with Lucy over the phone , as Duke attempts to mellow out by trying some of Gonzo\'s stash of adrenochrome. However, the trip spirals out of control, and Duke is reduced to an incoherent mess before he blacks out. After an unspecified amount of time passes, Duke wakes up to a complete ruin of the once pristine suite. After discovering his tape recorder, he attempts to remember what has happened. As he listens, he has brief memories of the general mayhem that has taken place . Duke drops Gonzo off at the airport, after missing the entrance, driving across the tarmac and pulling up right next to the plane, before returning to the hotel one last time to finish his article. The film ends with Duke speeding back to California as The Rolling Stones\' "Jumpin\' Jack Flash" plays over the credits.'] ['Wendy Carroll ([[Michelle Williams  is a young woman who sets her sights on Alaska in hopes of starting a new life with her dog Lucy, travelling in her car with limited supplies and a straining budget of a little over $500 left for the trip. Stranded in Oregon when her car breaks down and lacking the funds to repair it, Wendy faces yet another challenge when she is apprehended for shoplifting and Lucy disappears while she is in police custody.'] ["The kids of small-time crook Jack Charles  are put in a corrupt state-run home when their mother dies of cancer. Jack's teenage daughter Kelly  escapes the abusive home where she lives, and convinces Jack to pick up her younger brother Eddie . At first, Jack tries to dump them with their grandmother, but she is a gambler and a cheat, so the cops are after her, too. He then takes the kids to New Orleans with him, where he plans to pull off a big heist that could set him up for life."] ['Malcolm Smith  wins a brand new automobile at a raffle. Steve Wiley , a gambler from New York, obtains a counterfeit of the winning ticket and also claims that the car is his. The raffle\'s manager declares them both winners and that they can split the car any way that they want. Steve wants to sell the car, but Malcolm wants to drive it to Hollywood to meet the actress Anita Ekberg. Steve claims to know her and agrees to drive to Hollywood with Malcolm, secretly planning to steal the car. Malcolm brings along his dog, a huge Great Dane named Mr. Bascomb who foils Steve in his many attempts to make off with the car. Along the way they pick up Terry , an aspiring dancer, who has a job for her waiting in Las Vegas. Once there, Malcolm gets his "lucky feeling" and wins $10,000 at a casino. In addition, the woman of his dreams, Anita Ekberg, is also at the hotel and Malcolm finally gets to meet her, with hilarious results. Steve begins to show a change of heart. He not only agrees to go along with Malcolm to Hollywood without stealing the car, but he also proposes to Terry. Malcolm spoils the mood by telling them that he no longer has any of his casino winnings, having used it on a gift for Anita. Steve decides to retrieve the gift and they head to Paramount Pictures to locate her. After some back-lot adventures, they find Anita, who agrees to return the gift in exchange for the services of Mr. Bascomb in her next movie.'] ['Lakhan Singh , also called "Lucky," is the "kinng" of the Australian underworld, and being a sikh, is the first "Singh Is Kinng" of the film\'s title. He is accompanied by his sikh mafia associates, Julie , Mika , Pankaj Udaas , Raftaar , Dilbaugh Singh  and Guruji Gurbaksh Singh . In a small village in Punjab, the birthplace of Lucky, lives another Sikh man more notorious than Lucky himself—Happy Singh . Happy has caused many problems and disastrous situations in the village, and the villagers are fed up with him. They decide to send Happy on a long trip to Australia with his friend Rangeela  to bring Lucky back to Punjab, which will keep Happy out of the village for some time and bring peace to the village. But at the airport, Happy\'s and Rangeela\'s tickets to Australia are accidentally exchanged with that of a man named Puneet  who was hoping to use them to fly to Egypt. In Egypt, Happy helps Sonia  and falls deeply in love with her. But he does not express his love to her. Leaving her behind, he heads to Australia to meet Lucky. Lucky refuses to return to his hometown and throws Happy and Rangeela out of his house. Penniless, Happy finds warmth and affection in an elderly sikh lady  who provides him with food in spite of being a stranger. Lucky winds up in hospital, paralyzed, after a series of violent incidents that Happy causes.  Happy unexpectedly receives the title of Kinng—thereby becoming the other "Singh Is Kinng" of the film\'s title. Alas, Happy is not proud of his rank and is kind-hearted. The lady who helped Happy is really worried and depressed as her daughter is returning from Egypt with her wealthy boyfriend, Puneet. The daughter does not know that after the death of her father years ago, her mother became poverty-stricken and was reduced to work as a flower seller. Happy gives the flower-seller Lucky\'s spacious house and makes all his mafia associates work under her. The lady\'s daughter arrives—and to Happy\'s horror, she is none other than Sonia. Happy, heart-broken, is forced to make a show of happiness to Sonia. Puneet says that he too would have had a good time with Happy and Sonia in Egypt had his ticket to Egypt not been exchanged in the airport, because of which he had ended up in Australia. Puneet had always been jealous of Sonia being with Happy. However, he doubts anything is going on between them. He and Sonia squabble about this topic; it is Happy who handles it. Meanwhile, after spending so much time with the kindhearted Happy, most of Lucky\'s gang members find themselves reformed and decide to become good. In spite of herself, Sonia falls in love with Happy—and the truth becomes difficult to hide. Sonia becomes aware of her poverty. Puneet sets his heart to marry Sonia. Sonia gets trapped in an emotional tug-of-war between Puneet, who loves her, and Happy, whom she loves. Puneet meets Mika, who is also the brother of the Kinng, and who agrees to kill Happy. Puneet\'s motives to kill Happy, however, differ from Mika\'s: Puneet wants to kill Happy to keep Sonia away from him, whereas Mika wants to kill Happy to make himself Kinng. The wedding day dawns and there is firing . Puneet hides while the pandit chants the mantras, his head totally covered by a pot, amidst gunfire all around. Meanwhile Happy takes Sonia\'s hand in order to save her and unknowingly both run around the fire seven times essentially getting married.  Suddenly, Mika turns up on the spot, ready to kill Happy, armed with a gang and his new special glasses and hearing aid. As he is about to shoot, Lucky steps up and stops him. Then a dialogue ensues between Mika, Happy, Lucky and the associates of the kinng . Then Happy tells him that being the "king" is no great thing and explains him the characteristics of a true Sikh. Lucky confesses that he always found sadness being Kinng, because a true king does not fight for himself, but for others. Overcome with remorse, Mika drops his revolver. The movie ends happily, with Happy and Sonia\'s marriage.'] ["Just Like the Son tells the story of Daniel Carter, a 20 year-old delinquent who unknowingly finds redemption by helping a six-year old child, Boone, find a better life. After being sentenced to community service at a lower east-side grade school, Daniel strikes up an unlikely friendship with Boone, who shares his fear of becoming an orphan due to his mother's illness. When Daniel learns that Boone has an older sister living in Dallas, he begins to question the state system that would place a child in foster care rather than engaging in a search for a next-of-kin. Several days later, when Boone does not show up for school, Daniel decides to make it his business to track the boy down and right the societal crime he sees unfolding. After locating Boone in a temporary foster care facility in upstate New York, Daniel is turned down as an adoption candidate. And when he fails to convince his Father to help him gain custody, Daniel decides to rescue Boone from the orphanage and seek out this long-lost sister on his own. Employing all his street smarts, Daniel grabs Boone and they head off to Dallas."] ['In 1970s Hollywood, small-time auto mechanic Bobby  and fast food waitress Rose  meet, and fall in love. They dream of a life in Hawaii, and talk of living there in the near future. One night, Bobby’s prank of the “fake” robbery of a convenience store with a shotgun backfires: a young shopkeeper is killed in an accidental homicide. Following the accident, Bobby and Rose become fugitives, and Rose becomes worried about the future of her five-year-old son. They decide to go on the run in Bobby’s 1968 Chevrolet Camaro.'] ['Michel is a Belgian inventor. He cares for his father, a paralysed writer, is married to a Congolese woman and is the father of an interracial child whom he reassures as to his parentage. He discovers at the age of 41 that he was adopted, actually having been born in Sainte-Cécile, Quebec. In the summer of 2000, he travels to Quebec, supposedly to sell some of his inventions. While on a near-impossible quest to find his birth family in the town where he was born, he crosses paths with Louis Legros, son of another inventor, in a meeting which will change their lives.'] ["Newly-married Rebecca leaves her husband's Alsatian bed on her prized motorbike—symbol of freedom and escape—to visit her lover, Daniel, in Heidelberg. En route, she indulges in psychedelic and erotic reveries as she relives her changing relationship with the two men, before crashing into a truck at the film's conclusion. It is based on the novella La Motocyclette by André Pieyre de Mandiargues . In the medium to distant shots, the rider was the British GP champion Bill Ivy, wearing a blonde wig."] ['Deadly Drifter is about a team, known as "Our Friends", searching for the "Old Man", who is dying. Their trip across the U.S. takes many twists and turns along the way, as you see through the eyes of the main character, Rex/Harrold, who ultimately questions society. Whales are part of his ultimate revelation.'] ['Now a successful and wealthy architect, Mark Wallace  and his wife Joanna  Wallace  fly their white Mercedes 230SL roadster to Northern France, in order to continue driving to Saint-Tropez to celebrate the completion of a building project for a client, Maurice. Tensions between the couple are evident, and as they journey south they both remember and discuss several past journeys along the same road. The earliest memory involves how they first met on a ferry crossing when Mark was travelling alone and Joanna was part of a girl\'s choir. They meet again when Joanna\'s choirbus goes off the road and Mark helps get them back on the road. When the other girls get chickenpox, Joanna and Mark unexpectedly wind up hitchhiking south together. The next story tells how the two newlyweds are travelling with Mark\'s ex-girlfriend Cathy Manchester , husband  and daughter Ruth \'Ruthie\'  from the USA. Ruthie is not given any limits, and her behaviour frustrates Mark and Jo. Eventually Ruthie reveals the unkind descriptions of Joanna her parents have made in private. At this point Mark and Joanna decide to travel alone. Next the pair drive a new MG which begins to have exhaust troubles, finally catching on fire. On this journey Joanna announces that she is pregnant. They also meet the wealthy Maurice Dalbret ([[Claude Dauphin  and his wife Françoise . Maurice becomes a generous but demanding client for Mark. The next story shows them travelling with their young daughter Caroline . Another time shows Mark travelling alone and having a fling with another motorist, but which is shown to be fleeting and unserious in nature. Later Joanna has an affair with Françoise\'s brother David , which is portrayed as much more serious than Mark\'s and threatens to end the marriage; however, while Joanna dines with David and they witness a couple eating together without saying a word, David asks, offhandedly, "What kind of people can eat an entire meal together and not talk?" Joanna replies, enthusiastically, "Married people!" and, realizing she misses Mark despite their faded passion, runs back to him. At the end of the film, the Wallaces manage to end their long-term relationship to Maurice and find a new client in Rome. They honestly analyse their fears and insecurities which have plagued them throughout the film. Finally, they cross the border from France into Italy. This is new ground for them as well as for the audience, signalling a move beyond the old issues into a more mature future.'] ['Two brothers, Ellis  and Carter , embark on a journey from New Mexico to find their estranged father in the hopes of saving Ellis, who has been diagnosed with terminal leukemia. Along the way while in Texas, they meet Krystal , an aspiring singer, who flees from her controlling husband, Frank , to join them on their journey.Official release plot'] ['Rizwan Khan  is a Muslim child who grew up with his brother Zakir  and his mother Razia Khan  in a middle-class family in the Borivali section of Mumbai. Rizwan is different from other children, however. He has certain gifts, particularly a special ability to repair mechanical things. His difference leads to special tutoring from a reclusive scholar and extra attention from his mother, both of which lead to heightened jealousy from his brother Zakir, who eventually leaves his family for a life in the United States. Despite this resentment, as an adult Zakir sponsors Rizwan to come and live with him in San Francisco after the death of their mother. It is at this time that Zakir\'s wife, Haseena  diagnoses Rizwan with Asperger syndrome. Rizwan also begins to work for Zakir, and in the process he meets a Hindu woman, Mandira  and her young son, Sameer or Sam , from a previous marriage. Mandira is a hairdresser. Despite Zakir\'s hostility to the match, Khan and Mandira marry and settle down in the fictional town of Banville. Both Mandira and Sameer take Rizwan\'s last name as their own. They also live next door to the Garrick family. Sameer is close to their young son, Reese  while Mark  is a reporter and Sarah  is a friend of Mandira.  The Khans\' perfect existence gets disrupted, however, after the September 11 attacks on New York City. Mark goes to cover the war in Afghanistan and dies there, much to both Sarah and Resse\'s distress. At the same time, the Khan family begins to experience post 9–11 prejudice in their community and Reese begins to turn against Sam as well. One afternoon, an argument between them turns into a racially motivated schoolyard fight between Sameer and a gang of older students. Reese, acting on behalf of Sam, tries to stop the fight, but is held back and Sam is punched and kicked several times, with the gang finishing by hitting him on the head with a soccer ball. As an act of revenge, Sam hits the leader teenager on the head, too. The gang continue fighting Sam. Mortally wounded, Sam screams "Asshole!". Overreacting, the lead teenager kicks the soccerball, which hits Sam\'s stomach, knocking him unconscious. The gang then silences Resse by threatening to beat him up if he tells the authorities about it. Sam is rushed to the hospital, but his severe internal bleeding cannot be healed, and Sam dies of his broken ribs. A shattered Mandira blames Rizwan for Sam\'s death, stating that Sam "died only because his last name was Khan." She then tells Rizwan that she no longer wants to be with him. When he asks her what he has to do to be together with Mandira, she sarcastically tells him that he has to tell the people of the United States and the President that his name is Khan and that he is not a terrorist. Rizwan takes Mandira\'s request seriously, and thus sets out on a journey that takes him from one US state to another, to first meet President George W. Bush and later the new President-elect. During this quest, he travels to Wilhemina, Georgia and befriends Mama Jenny and her son Joel. Later, in Los Angeles, he prays in a Mosque and overhears violent rhetoric from Faisal Rahman . He reports this to the FBI but there is no response at that moment. Later, while waiting in a crowd to meet President Bush and repeating again and again, "My name is Khan and I am not a terrorist," Rizwan is arrested and placed in a prison by police who misinterpret his statement thinking he said he was a terrorist. While in the prison he is interrogated as a terrorist suspect and meets the psychiatrist Radha  who believes he is innocent. He is later released after a media campaign by some Indian student reporters Raj  and Komal  and Bobby Ahuja , who prove his innocence by unearthing his attempts to inform the FBI about Faisal Rahman. After his release, he returns to hurricane-hit Wilhemina to help Mama Jenny and her son. His efforts attract media attention and numerous Muslims come to help as well. At the same time, a remorseful Reese confesses to Mandira and reveals the identities of the gang who killed Sam. She informs Detective Garcia  who has been assisting her on the case, and he arrests the gang. Mandira later gets a call from Sarah to forgive Rizwan, "I\'ve lost my husband; don\'t lose him." Mandira realises her error, she joins Rizwan in Georgia, and their love rekindles. However, at the moment she arrives, Rizwan is stabbed by one of Faisal Rahman\'s followers , who accuses him of being a traitor to Islam, and Rizwan is rushed to the hospital. With Mandira\'s help, Rizwan survives and meets President-elect Barack Obama  who tells him, "Your name is Khan and you are not a terrorist." The film concludes with Rizwan and Mandira going back home.'] ['Peter Highman  is a high strung architect on his way home from Atlanta to Los Angeles to be present at the birth of his first child with his wife, Sarah . In the opening scene he recalls a dream about being in a forest with his wife, who is in labor. He\'s unable to reach her and help deliver the child, but a grizzly bear ends up helping by chewing through the umbilical cord. Once on the plane, Peter learns that Ethan Tremblay , who had just prior to boarding at the airport, been a passenger in a vehicle that knocked the door off the limo Peter had been in, is sitting behind him in first class. After inadvertently using the words "terrorist" and "bomb", Ethan gets Peter shot by a Federal Air Marshal with a rubber bullet. Both Peter and Ethan are forced off the plane before take-off. After being questioned by security, Peter discovers that he has been placed on the No Fly List and will have to find another way to get to California. After realizing that he had left his wallet on the plane, Peter reluctantly agrees to travel with Ethan, a bumbling, annoying but well-meaning aspiring actor hoping to make it in Hollywood, to Los Angeles. Ethan is on his way to Hollywood with his dog Sonny after his father\'s funeral, and is carrying his father\'s ashes in a coffee can for the duration of the trip. After stopping in Birmingham, Alabama to purchase marijuana, Peter and Ethan realize that they only have $60 in cash between them. Peter decides to have his wife transfer him money. Since he doesn\'t have any legitimate I.D on him, Peter has his wife transfer the money in Ethan\'s assumed last name. Once at Western Union, Ethan realizes that the money has been sent to his stage name instead of his real name, Ethan Chase, the name printed on his I.D. The Western Union employee ([[Danny McBride  refuses to accept Ethan\'s head shot as proof of ID and declines the transfer. Frustrated, Peter verbally attacks the man &mdash; a wheel chair-bound veteran who ends up assaulting him and Ethan. After spending the night at a rest stop, Peter decides on the spur of the moment to drive off and leave Ethan there while he washes up in the rest room, only to return several minutes later after wrestling with his conscience and coming close to throwing Ethan\'s father\'s ashes off an overpass. Ethan ends up driving while Peter gets some rest. After driving a while, Ethan falls asleep at the wheel and crashes the car. At a Dallas hospital, Peter, who has a broken arm and three cracked ribs, is picked up by his friend Darryl . Again, Peter decides to part company with Ethan, but Daryl persuades him otherwise. Stopping at Darryl\'s house, Peter finds out during the course of the conversation that nine months prior, Darryl and Sarah had spent a weekend together. This leads Ethan to suspect Darryl of being the father of Sarah and Peter\'s unborn child. After a mere eight minutes in the company of Ethan, Darryl throws him out of his home. Darryl lets them use his Range Rover and, while driving, Ethan smokes copious amounts of marijuana as Peter dozes. The smoke fills the interior of the vehicle, intoxicating Peter, causing him to hallucinate and sees Ethan as the bear from his dream. The two accidentally end up at the United States-Mexican border in El Paso when Ethan mistakes the \'Mexico\' sign at the border crossing for a \'Texaco\' gas station. Despite assurances to Peter that he\'ll handle the situation, Ethan flees from the border checkpoint and leaves Peter to be arrested for possession of marijuana. The Mexican Federal Police takes Peter into custody, but Ethan breaks him out, stealing a border patrol truck & causing several highway car crashes in the process. The duo stop at the Grand Canyon, where Ethan says goodbye to his father and scatters his ashes. Peter confesses that he tried to leave Ethan back at the rest area and apologizes, but Ethan forgives him since he didn\'t go through with it. Ethan then decides to make a confession of his own and reveals that he has been holding onto Peter\'s wallet the whole time, in order to get him to travel with him, so he wouldn\'t have to do so alone. Peter attacks Ethan in a fit of rage. Sarah calls during the attack to inform Peter that her water has broken. Peter and Ethan immediately begin to speed to California. Along the way, Ethan accidentally shoots Peter with a gun he finds in the truck\'s glove compartment. Peter refuses to stop for medical attention and instead insists that they continue on to the hospital in L.A. They eventually stop to bandage his gun wound and, with Ethan freaking out, Peter suggests that they are merely acting out a scene in a movie. Arriving at the hospital, the two walk around trying to find Sarah\'s room. Peter mistakenly enters the room of another pregnant woman, sees the baby, and truly believes that Darryl was the father of Sarah\'s child, until he discovers his mistake. They enter Sarah\'s room and, while she is in labor, Peter passes out from loss of blood. Peter and Sarah\'s healthy daughter &mdash; indisputably Peter\'s child &mdash; is seen later in the nursery. Ethan recounts to Peter that he had assisted in Rosie\'s birth by cutting the umbilical cord, thus alluding to Peter\'s dream. The two go their separate ways with the promise that Peter will call Ethan to keep their friendship intact. At the end of the film, Peter, Sarah, and Rosie watch an episode of Two and a Half Men, in which Ethan has landed a role.'] ["In New York City in 1953, Ann Deveraux lives with her bandleader husband Danny, their 15-year-old son George, and Ann's somewhat older effeminate son Robbie. Ann does not seem very interested in her children's lives; she does not even remember which school they attend. After catching Danny in an affair, Ann tells him she is leaving him and taking the children with her. She removes cash from her safe deposit box and sends George out with it to buy a Cadillac. The salesmen are suspicious, but Ann drops by later herself. Ann embarks with Robbie and George on a road trip through the United States, in search of a husband to fund a new life for her and her boys. They first stay in Boston and Pittsburgh. Several men turn out to be disappointments for Ann. One has financial problems and asks for a large sum of money; when she does not seem willing to give it, he steals the money in her purse, unable to pay for the lavish dinner they both shared. Another man, one Ann met briefly at a party a year before, offers to pay for it, eventually leading the two to date and become engaged. But when Ann and George discover his abusiveness, they leave. One man sexually assaults her; one is in love with another woman. She becomes engaged to a man who she later discovers is a polygamist. Ann is briefly put in jail after chatting in a bar with a man who turns out to be an undercover police officer, who takes her for a prostitute and charges her with solicitation. George decides he wants to live with his father, but Danny turns him down because he is often on the road for his work. George is greatly disappointed and concludes that Danny does not love him. Later, when George asks Danny why he does not support them financially, he says he sent money several times, but Ann always returned it. Ann does not like her sister in St. Louis. She has always said she would have to be desperate to go to her. Now, however, they go there anyway, so George concludes that Ann has become officially desperate. While they stay there, George and his sister agree that he will go on living there when Ann moves on with Robbie to Los Angeles. Unhappy that his mother does not know him personally, they argue; when Ann gets frustrated she slaps him, causing him to walk out of the house. Ann first protests, but, to George's surprise, accepts his decision after all. Near Albuquerque, when Ann and Robbie give a couple a ride, the man attempts to rob them, threatening Ann with a knife, but he is foiled when Robbie points a gun at him and fires a warning shot. Ann and Robbie invite the woman to come with them, and she accepts but later steals their money. They phone George, and he leaves his aunt, who reluctantly gives him the rest of his living allowance, allowing him to join Ann and Robbie. Robbie is an amateur actor and wants to be a professional in Hollywood. George wants to be a writer and move to New York. Danny dies and George goes to the funeral in New York, where he decides to remain. However, later he returns to Los Angeles, and it turns out that George is better at acting than Robbie. Therefore George decides to stay in California with Ann and Robbie. Robbie gets work in costumes. This is where George realizes that they didn't need anyone to take care of them, that they could take care of themselves, and that they were going to be just fine."] ["The movie picks up where My Friend Irma left off, Al  is still trying to promote Steve's  career. Eventually, he gets booked to a local TV station and is spotted by a movie producer. He is offered a contract and Steve, as well as the rest of the gang, Irma ([[Marie Wilson , Jane  and Seymour , all head to Hollywood. The trip ends suddenly when the producer is discovered to be an escaped lunatic. Al tries to set things straight by taking the gang to Las Vegas to work at a casino, but things aren't as they seem. Irma causes havoc by wrecking a rigged roulette wheel, and she gets kidnapped and held for ransom until Al can raise $50,000. Meanwhile, Seymour, dressed as an Indian brave, locates Irma and rescues her. The publicity received during the entire incident brings another movie offer... this time for Irma and Seymour."] ['One week before her vaginoplasty, Sabrina \'Bree\' Osbourne  receives a phone call from Toby Wilkins , a 17-year-old jailed in New York City. He asks for Stanley Schupak , claiming to be his son. Bree was previously unaware she had a son; she now wants to break with her past and renounce him. However, Bree\'s therapist  refuses permission for her operation if she does not face up to her past. Bree flies from Los Angeles to New York to bail Toby out of jail. Toby is a small-time drug user and male hustler. His mother committed suicide, after which he was raised by his stepfather, whom he does not want to see again. Bree pretends to be a Christian missionary and persuades Toby to ride with her back to the West Coast, secretly planning to leave him at his stepfather\'s along the way. When they arrive in the fictional town of Callicoon, Kentucky{{cite web}} it turns out that Toby\'s stepfather molested him as a child, and so this plan fails. Toby and Bree continue to Los Angeles together. They also stop by a house where a group of transsexuals are hosting a gender pride gathering. During the trip when Bree has to urinate, Toby accidentally discovers that Bree is transsexual. He is open-minded about it, but is angry that Bree had not told him. After their car and money are stolen by a "peyote shaman" hitchhiker , Toby makes some money by prostituting himself to a truck driver. To Bree he pretends that he got the money from selling some drugs he had taken along for his own use. They get a ride with a kindly rancher Calvin Many Goats ([[Graham Greene  to Bree\'s parents\' house in Phoenix, Arizona. Here they find her conservative and self-centred mother Elizabeth , her Jewish father Murray , and her rebellious and sarcastic sister Sydney . Elizabeth disapproves of Bree\'s transsexuality , but is excited to find out she has a grandson. She is kind to Toby and invites him to stay and live with them. Toby likes the luxury and kindness, but hesitates because he doesn\'t like how disrespectful they are to Bree. Realizing he has feelings for Bree, he proposes to have sex with her, saying that he will marry her if she wants. Bree realizes she must tell Toby the truth, that she was his real father. Toby is angry that Bree had not disclosed this earlier. Overnight he steals money from the house and disappears. Bree returns to L.A. She has a completely successful surgery, but isn\'t happy because she feels she messed up with Toby. The therapist visits her in recovery and Bree cries on her shoulder. Some months later Toby has bleached his hair and become an actor in gay pornography films in L.A. Bree is vibrant, happy, and enjoying her job as a waitress at the restaurant where she was formerly washing-up. The film ends with Toby showing up at Bree\'s door, and the two reconciled.'] ['In the year 2017, robotic technology has made tremendous developments and female androids  are used as prostitutes or substitutes for wives. At the same time, the economy of the world is in decay. Business executive Sam Treadwell\'s ([[David Andrews  "Cherry 2000" android , short circuits during sex while on the wet kitchen floor. He is told by a repairman that she\'s irreparable and finding another Cherry android will be difficult since she was a limited edition. After removing the small optical disk with all the memory from the old unit, Treadwell searches for a replacement, enlisting Edith "E" Johnson , a tough tracker who guides him into the wasteland of a post-apocalyptic United States. She is leading him to an abandoned manufacturing plant where he hopes to find another Cherry 2000 model. Standing in their way is Lester , a wasteland overlord with deranged subordinates.'] ['The story centers on Victor Joseph  and Thomas Builds-the-Fire  who live on the Coeur D\'Alene Indian Reservation in Plummer, Idaho. Thomas is an eccentric storyteller and Victor is an angry, brooding local basketball star. The two young men are linked through Victor\'s father, Arnold . Arnold rescued Thomas as an infant from a house fire that killed his parents. Consequently, Thomas considers him a hero. On the other hand, Victor, who endures Arnold\'s alcoholism, domestic violence, and eventual abandonment, regards his father with both deep love and bitter resentment. Thomas and Victor grow up together as neighbors and acquaintances, fighting with each other and simultaneously forming a close, albeit uneasy, alliance. When Arnold dies in Phoenix, Arizona, where he has settled after separating from Victor\'s mother Arlene , Victor and Thomas embark on a cross-country journey to retrieve his ashes and belongings. The trip turns out to be a soul-searching endeavor for both men. Neither of them lose sight of their identity as "Indians", but their perspectives differ. Victor is more stoic and pragmatic, and Thomas is more idealistic and traditional . This dichotomy continues all through the film and is the source of Victor\'s irritation with Thomas, and Thomas\'s fascination with Victor. Once in Phoenix, Victor must confront his conflicted feelings about his father, as well as his own identity. He also must grapple with information provided to him by his father\'s friend, Suzie Song ; namely, the true origins of the fire that killed Thomas\' parents. The trip turns out to ultimately cure Victor\'s brooding disposition toward life and shows him why his father became an alcoholic, was abusive, and eventually left their family. The film concludes with Victor achieving a better understanding of Thomas and of his unconditional reverence for Arnold.'] ['Classical pianist Robert Dupea , who comes from a family of musicians, works in a California oil field. Most of his time is spent in bowling alleys, drinking beer in the trailer of his friend, Elton , or with his waitress girlfriend, Rayette . When he learns that she is pregnant, and his friend Elton gets arrested for having robbed a gas station a year earlier, he quits his job and leaves for Los Angeles where his sister, Partita , also a pianist, is making a recording. Partita informs him that their father has suffered two strokes and urges him to return to the family home on Puget Sound. He tells Rayette that he must go to see his father and reluctantly agrees to take her along. On the way, they pick up two lesbians headed for Alaska whose constant chatter about "filth" increasingly annoys Robert. The four of them are thrown out of a restaurant when he gets into an argument with a waitress who refuses to accommodate his special order. Eventually, Robert reaches his destination. Embarrassed by Rayette\'s lack of polish, he registers her in a motel and goes to his family home. At dinner that night, he meets Catherine Van Oost , a young pianist engaged to his brother, Carl , a violinist. Despite personality differences, Robert and Catherine become attracted to each other and make love in her room. Meanwhile, Rayette becomes bored at the motel and comes to the Dupea estate unannounced. Her presence creates an awkward situation, but when Samia, a pompous family friend, ridicules Rayette\'s background, Robert gives a fiery defense of her. Storming from the room in search of Catherine, he discovers his father\'s male nurse giving the half-naked Partita a massage. Even more angered, Robert picks a senseless fight with him and is quickly knocked to the floor. He tries to convince Catherine to go away with him, but she tells him she cannot do it because he does not love himself or anything at all and thus should not expect love in return. After trying to talk to his unresponsive father, Robert leaves with Rayette, who makes a playful sexual advance to him which he angrily pushes off. At a gas station, when Rayette goes in for some coffee, he abandons her, hitching a ride on a truck to Alaska.'] ['Raquela, a Filipino transsexual prostitute dreams of making a new life in Paris. She becomes an internet porn star and meets Valerie, an Icelandic transsexual, and Michael, the owner of the website she works for.{{cite web}}'] ["A newspaper editor  suffering from memory loss after an accident takes a trip to a memorabilia expo with his Alzheimer's-impaired relative, Rollie , and his high school flame, Charlotte . The plan is for Rollie to sell a rare baseball card, but a few people want the card.Diminished Capacity"] ['After getting a restraining order from Randal Graves  for selling drugs  and constant harassment, Jay and Silent Bob  find out from Brodie ([[Jason Lee  that Bluntman and Chronic, the comic book based on their likenesses, has been adapted into a film in production by Miramax Films. In response, the two visit Holden McNeil , who was one of the writers of Bluntman and Chronic, and demand that he give them the royalties of the film. However, Holden tells Jay and Silent Bob that he sold his part of the creative and publishing rights of the comic over to his former friend Banky Edwards (also played by [[Jason Lee . Upon learning of the movie, as well as the negative reaction the movie has received so far on the Internet, the two set out on a quest to Hollywood, to prevent the movie from being made and tainting their image, or at the very least receive the money from the royalties owed to them. On the way, they befriend an animal liberation group, consisting of four women: Justice , Sissy , Missy , and Chrissy ; and one man, Brent , who they had picked up for the cause. It is revealed that the organization is a front; Brent is a patsy, intended as a diversion by freeing an animal from a testing laboratory while the girls rob a diamond depository nearby. Jay tricks Brent and throws him out of the van in order to get closer to Justice, the most compassionate of the women and the one with whom he finds himself smitten. Justice, who quickly becomes close to Jay and Silent Bob , reluctantly accepts the two as the new patsies. While the girls are robbing the diamond depository they accidentally set off the alarm, prompting them to break the glass and steal the diamonds. While this is going on Jay and Silent Bob free the animals and take an orangutan named Suzanne with them. They escape outside to see the police arriving and the van exploding, which they believe has killed the girls, including Justice, to the dismay of Jay. Jay then takes the orangutan with him as a memorial to Justice. Quickly afterwards, Federal Wildlife Marshal Willenholly  shows up at the scene. Blinded to the diamond heist, he claims to have jurisdiction because of the large number of animals that escaped. He learns that all the animals have been recovered except for the orangutan. The officers then find and watch footage of a video Sissy recorded of Jay making remarks of "the clit" and that he\'s "the Clit commander." Jay, however, was unaware that CLIT is an acronym for Coalition for the Liberation of Itinerant Tree-Dwellers, the name of the organization that Justice is a part of. Willenholly blindly finds this as an act of terrorism and calls for police support to hunt down what he considered "the two most dangerous men on the planet." When the officers later have the trio cornered inside a diner and threaten to open fire, Jay and Silent Bob dress the orangutan as a child and walk out, claiming that they want to get their "son" out of the danger zone. Marshal Willenholly, thinking about the political repercussions of an alternate-lifestyle family, decides to let them leave, but he quickly realizes his mistake and resumes the chase. When they jump into a sewer system, only Willenholly himself follows them while the other police officers, led by the Sheriff , leave him, and he is soon tricked into jumping off of a dam. Having escaped the law, Jay and Silent Bob once again return to their quest to reach Hollywood only to have Suzanne taken by a Hollywood animal acting agency car. Now on a quest to get their ape back and to clear their names, the two once again embark to Hollywood. On their arrival in Hollywood, the two find themselves in the background of a E! News newscast  that Justice is watching. While Justice takes the diamonds and goes to Hollywood to set things right, Marshal Willenholly learns of their mission to reach Hollywood and leaves to find them. After a long chase with studio security and reclaiming Suzanne from a fictional Scream 4 in production, Jay and Silent Bob end up in Jason Biggs and James Van Der Beek\'s dressing room, where they quickly realize that these are the actors that will play the roles of Bluntman and Chronic, next to Jay and Silent Bob. Suzanne beats both of them up effortlessly and Jay and Silent Bob assume the roles of their characters, Bluntman and Chronic. Being forced into their costumes and thrown on stage with a racist director , they must engage in a duel with Mark Hamill playing a comic-book super-villain called Cock-Knocker, eventually taking a break from the scene when Willenholly interrupts to capture Jay and Silent Bob. Justice arrives on the scene, much to the surprise of Jay and Silent Bob. Justice tells them that the CLIT organization was not real and that the two were used as a distraction for the robbing of the jewels. Justice also admits that she, along with Missy, Sissy and Chrissy, were in fact jewel thieves. As Justice\'s former jewel thief team arrives, a climactic final battle ensues, after which Jay and Silent Bob get their royalties to the film, and Justice turns herself and her former team in to Willenholly in exchange for a shorter sentence and letting Jay and Silent Bob go. The film ends with Jay and Silent Bob spending their royalty money on airplane tickets to find everybody who expressed negative opinions about the movie and characters, ranging from kids to clergy, and traveling to their towns to beat them up. The scene then cuts to everyone leaving a movie theater, having just watched the Bluntman and Chronic movie and expressing negative reception: Hooper X calls the movie a "one 90-minute-long gay joke." Jay and Silent Bob, with most of the cast, then go across the street to enjoy a performance from Morris Day and The Time. After the credits, God  closes the View Askewniverse book that still has pages left in it.'] ['The protagonists are two freewheeling hippies: Wyatt , nicknamed "Captain America", and Billy . Fonda and Hopper said that these characters\' names refer to Wyatt Earp and Billy the Kid.<ref nameMarch 2011}} was a spiritual failure. The next morning, the two are continuing their trip to Florida  when two rednecks in a pickup truck spot them and decide to "scare the hell out of them" with their shotgun. As they pull alongside Billy, one of the men lazily aims the shotgun at him and threatens and insults him by saying, "Want me to blow your brains out?" and "Why don\'t you get a haircut?" When Billy flips his middle finger up at them, the hillbilly fires the shotgun at Billy, who immediately hits the pavement, seriously wounded in the side. As the truck then takes off past Wyatt down the road, Wyatt turns around and races back to put his jacket over his fatally injured friend, who is already covered in blood, before riding off for help. But by this time, the same pickup truck has turned around and closes on Wyatt. Not wanting any witnesses to report them to the police, the hillbilly fires at Wyatt as he speeds by the pickup, hitting the bike\'s gas tank and causing it to instantly erupt into a fiery explosion. Wyatt lands by the side of the road, dead. As the murderous rednecks drive away, the film ends with a shot of the flaming bike in the middle of the deserted road, as the camera ascends to the sky.'] ['A New England assistant librarian at a school, Prudence Bell  has recommended a book to one of her students that has drawn the ire of the school board and she resigns one step ahead of being fired. She defends the book "Lovers Must Learn" and tells the prudish board that she\'s going to Rome where she will be surrounded by people who really know the meaning of love. She sails from New York to Italy and at the rail she accidentally picks the wrong man she was standing near as a protective consort. This all gets resolved via telegrams and gives us two potential romantic interests before even leaving. Albert Stillwell, a student of Etruscan history is a perfect gentlemen and scout, while Roberto Orlandi  is the perfect Roman lover, mature, romantic, poetic, and always interested. Once in Rome, Prudence checks into her boarding home and meets a self-centered American architect, Don Porter  who is running away from/to the love of his life, Lyda Kent , a controlling, manipulative bombshell of a woman tied up in her own love storms. Prudence needs a job and gets a tip during dinner that first night in Rome, an English speaking job at The American Book Shop near one of Rome\'s famous fountains. Bright and early the next morning she lands a perfect job with the bookstore owner, Constance Ford and her large, loud, fuzzy sheep dog. Their first meeting and friendly banter is a terrific lead into their characters and their budding friendship. The plot thickens as Prudence takes an Italian language course on her record player which sets off a yelling match between her and Don, who isn\'t a bit interested in her, yet. Don is a close confidant of Roberto and has several discussions about his relationship with Lyda and its impending implosion. [Lyda was a sophisticated artist, staying in Italy with financial support from her wealthy father. Lyda had gotten on the train to Switzerland on the same day that Prudence arrived in Italy. Don entered the train to confront Lyda, and she explained that she was "Frigid Bridget", which is a nickname that Don called her on their second date, and she said it probably wouldn\'t change, but never say never, she may come back to Italy or to him. The real reason she broke up with him is that she was bored with him, had been using him, and did not need him anymore/at the moment at least.] While in Switzerland, Lyda met a wealthy older man, Barkley, who had been in some trouble with the law, had been investigated by the U.S. Congress, and was in exile in Switzerland. Mr. Barkely asked Lyda to accompany him on his yacht, and "paint his portrait". There was some hanky-panky, Lyda lost interest, and returned to Italy but was followed by a man on Barkley\'s payroll, who was spying on her. During this period, with Lyda absent, Prudence becomes a rebound candidate and handles Don\'s interest with aplomb. The two run into each other at an outdoor cafe, on the same day that Prudence had accepted her position at the American Bookshop. Prudence is in a very good mood, and cheers Don up, who had been a bit down after Lyda\'s departure. With her fresh perspective on the beauty of the Roman square, he enjoys her company, feels renewed with hope, and he suggests that they spend the rest of the afternoon sightseeing before she starts her new job. So, they take a trip around Rome in horse drawn carriages, his red Vespa scooter, in a great travelogue and romantic journey. While at lunch late in the afternoon looking over the entire City of Rome, Don buys a candelabra from a peddler that serves as a symbol of Don\'s integrity because the candelabra looked to be pure gold. They had been just friendly neighbors getting to know each other and enjoying each other\'s company while they were sightseeing. At dinner, Emilio Pericoli sings the wonderful song "Al Di Là", his Italian version that rose to number 6 following the movie\'s release in \'62. They find themselves holding hands and sitting close together during the performance, quite a change from earlier in the afternoon when they had just been on friendly terms. Then they meet a musician  that Don knows, and they are invited to a Jazz Joint for a late evening performance. A fight ensues when the musician sees his Italian girlfriend making out with another guy, in the audience. Don and Prudence leave and ride in the horse-drawn carriage and they kiss in the darkness. They don\'t arrive home until 3 AM. The chaperone of the young girl staying in the boarding home, noticed a man come in at 3 AM, and immediately suspects Don when he comes to breakfast, which prompted a coy smile from Prudence. Summer holidays, August escapes arrive, the book store closes, and Don and Prudence sneak out of town on a tour and pretend to be "Mr. and Mrs." to stay in a room together. To Prudence\'s dismay, there are no other rooms available. Because she is a nice girl, she insists that Don sleep on a balcony. Don honors her request, but neither of them get any sleep that night. The next few days are uneventful. They continue on their bus tour. Don explains to her that the cathedrals have a lot of paintings and sculptures to educate the people about Christ, since the people could not read the Bible. Then, Prudence really feels comfortable with Don, now that she understands Don\'s true passion to study architecture and become an architect. The bus tour ends and they continue on by themselves to Lago Maggiore in northern Italy for a wonderful, innocent and beautiful tour of the garden spots of northern Italy, the Italian alps with "Al Di Là" playing over the lift speakers, Verona and its famous Romeo and Juliet balcony. . At the market place, the plot thickens. Prudence runs into Albert and his mother, and because his mother knows her mother, a fellow member of the State Historical Society, she is concerned that this woman will make a report to her mother back in the U.S. Prudence conceals the fact that she is no longer on the bus tour, but on a romantic trip with Don. Prudence lies to Albert and his mother. She said that she is getting cheese for an old man on the bus and that she has to get back. She makes a mad dash with her Romeo Don out of the market and eventually back to Rome. During this period, they stay in separate rooms at a chateau, but there is plenty of making out at picnics in the fields during the day. Prudence bought a wood carving of their chateau and gives it to Don for his birthday present, so that he will always remember their vacation together. A time well spent, relationships cemented rock solid and a good time had by all. Back in Rome, Lyda has got into more trouble and has an urgent need to see Don. She kisses Don in front of the window while the private eye on Barkley\'s payroll watches. Don knows he has to break off his relationship with her. Lyda and Prudence meet in Don\'s room back at the boarding house and Lyda invites Prudence and Albert to dinner at her studio. The visual daggers are shared as each shows the other whose territory Don Porter belongs in. Albert floats through several scenes and is always the clueless, nerdy student with just the right timing to defuse any situation, unbeknownst to him. Prudence has not heard from Don for 3 days. She decides to move on, and become a sophisticated woman during the rest of her time in Italy. She is determined that her first lover should be someone who she likes, if it cannot be with Don. She decides to have a sexual relationship with Roberto Orlandi, the Italian man who had pursued her at the beginning of her stay in Italy. She packs an overnight bag, ready to "practice" love with him. While waiting for Prudence to change into a negligee, Roberto calls the owner of the boarding house that Don and Prudence were residing and receives news. When Prudence comes downstairs to be a student of Roberto\'s seduction "lessons", Roberto plays along, then stops the action before anything serious happens. Robert confesses that during the previous 3 days, Don had stayed with him in his home, to think things through. Don had decided that he loved Prudence, but then he received an urgent telegram to rescue Lyda. Because of his integrity, he felt that he must be loyal to his former girlfriend, Lyda. Don is summoned to a fancy hotel where Lyda plays cat and mouse with the fact that she has married a possessive rich older man, Bentley, and needs Don to free her from her palatial prison. Don finally comes to his senses and realizes that Lyda is just using him every time she gets into a mess, to have Don bail her out, and that she does not love him or even care about him. Don heads back to Rome. Meanwhile, Prudence is convinced that Don wants to be with Lyda and makes her plans to leave Rome and return to the States. The process turns into a chaotic good-bye scene in the train station between Prudence and all the friends she has made while in Rome. On the train, Albert asks Prudence to marry him and confesses that he had fallen in love with her since the first day they met, but she evades him while the other passengers board the train. She sails back to New York City, and while waiting at the ship\'s rail, sees her parents, waves and begins to disembark. While stepping down, she sees a candelabra and roses weaving their way through the crowd and behind her family. Her heart leaps as she passes the family and slides into the arms of Don Porter her prize from her Rome Adventure.'] ["Two Irish actors  flee from 1988 Belfast after a violent confrontation with a leader  of the IRA and illegally enter Australia. Seeking acting work, the two fear immigration officers. McKeown happens to get selected as the bachelor on a TV dating game and wins a trip to Queensland just as the pair's apartment is raided by immigration. McKee escapes just in time and joins his friend. Meanwhile, the IRA leader is sent to Australia in a witness protection program after he gives up some of his former colleagues. The two then spend the remainder of the movie being pursued by the immigration officers and the vengeful IRA head.<ref namehttp://www.sbs.com.au/films/movie/1354/Craic,-The#readreview|titleDavid Stratton, Margaret Pomeranz|yearSBS Television|language17 April 2010}}"] ['A car delivery driver, Kowalski , arrives in Denver, Colorado late Friday night with a black Chrysler Imperial.{{#tag:ref|The film begins with an alternative ending. A white 1970 Dodge Challenger R/T 440 Magnum races towards two bulldozers, which have just dropped their blades blocking both lanes of a two lane road. At the last second, the driver manages to spin his car around and drive away from the roadblock. The film then goes into a flashback set two days earlier. |groupspeedtv>{{citation|urlHollywood’s Hottest Car Chases - Vanishing Point |publisherNovember 1, 2010|accessdate"transcript">{{cite web}}'] ['An exiled Greek filmmaker is returning home and sets out on an epic journey across the battered Balkans in search of three lost reels of film by the Manakis brothers, the pioneering photographers who introduced movies into the Balkans at the beginning of the century. The search for the reels of film works as a metaphor for a search for the common history of the Balkan countries.'] ['Don Johnston , a former Don Juan having made a small fortune in the computer industry, wants to live in quiet retirement. He is content to lounge around watching old movies and listening to classical music. His current girlfriend, Sherry , is ending their relationship and moving out of his house when a letter in a pink envelope arrives. After she walks out, Don reads the letter; it purports to be from an unnamed former girlfriend, informing him that he has a son who is nearly 19 years old, and who may be looking for him. Initially, Don doesn\'t intend to do anything about it, but his busybody neighbor Winston ([[Jeffrey Wright , who is a mystery novel enthusiast, urges Don to investigate. Winston researches the current locations of the five women most likely to have written the letter and gives Don the information along with maps and flight reservations, and urges him to visit them. Don finally agrees and Winston tells Don that he will drive him to the airport the next morning. Ultimately Don meets with four women, each encounter worse than the last: * Laura  works as a closet and drawer organizer and is the widow of a race car driver. She has a teenage daughter, Lolita , who parades nude in front of Don. That night, Laura sleeps with Don. * Dora  is a realtor. Once a "flower child" of the 1960s, she is now melancholic, apparently resigned in her marriage to Ron ([[Christopher McDonald . * Carmen  works as an "animal communicator." Don recalls how she was formerly so passionate about becoming a lawyer. But "passion is a funny thing," she says. She is cold to Don and appears to be having an affair with her secretary . She is the only woman of the four to give Don a clear answer on how many kids she has, saying she has a daughter. * Penny  lives in a rural area amongst bikers. She holds a grudge against Don for some reason. When Don asks her whether she has a son, she becomes enraged, which results in one of her biker friends punching Don out. The next morning, Don finds himself in his car, in the middle of a field, with a nasty cut near his left eye. Later, Don stops at a florist to buy flowers from a friendly and attractive young woman named Sun Green  who bandages his cut. Don leaves the flowers at the grave of the fifth woman, Michelle Pepe, who Don originally thought might be the mother before finding out she had died five years prior. Finally, Don returns home where he meets a young man in the street ([[Mark Webber  whom he suspects may be his son. He buys him a meal, but when he remarks that the young man believes that Don is his father, the young man becomes agitated and flees. As Don attempts to chase the man, he notices a Volkswagen Beetle drive past. A young man in the passenger seat (played by Homer Murray, the real-life son of Bill MurrayHomer Murray at Internet Movie Database  is listening to the music which Don himself listens to as Don is left standing in the middle of a crossroads.'] [' Two former backup soul singers, Louis Hinds  and Floyd Henderson , who have not spoken to each other in 30 years, reluctantly agree to travel across the country together to a reunion concert to honor their recently deceased lead singer, Marcus Hooks . Cleo , a beautiful young woman in an abusive relationship, who is believed to be Floyd\'s daughter but is really Louis\' daughter, accompanies them as a new singer. A few problems come their way, involving Cleo\'s wanna-be gangsta rapper boyfriend, Lester , Floyd\'s fling with Rosalee  and a lot more leading up to their big performance at the Apollo Theater, and the duo reform a bond that they lost 30 years ago.  The film opens with a biography of a legendary R&B/Soul male group: Marcus Hooks & The Real Deal, in which later in 1977, after years of success since 1972, they disbanded; Marcus became a successful solo artist, while Louis Hinds and Floyd Henderson, Marcus\'s former bandmates, broke up later in 1979, with Louis in drugs and struggling and Floyd becoming successful again as a spirited entrepreneur. In 2008, it is found out that Marcus has passed away by a fatal heart attack in Sweden, meaning Floyd and Louis are called to come back together again as "The Real Deal" for a tribute performance in honor of their lead singer. The two have not spoken to one another since their break-up, having been holding a grudge on each other, due to their own differences about having a successful life. However, as they remember some of their most successful songs, their long-lost bond and friendship slowly begin to restore as they continue to make their way to the Apollo Theater. However, as they continue their journey, they run into more trouble: their car runs out of gas, and a gangster rapper named Lester, who doesn\'t hesitate to sample their baseline for his new song, leading to a fight, in which a young woman, Cleo, intervenes. Lester disses them and threatens to repeat even more if the two men spend more time with her than with him. Cleo is heard singing later that night, and is discovered that she has a great voice; however, Lester later founds out this and hits her. The next morning, she tells Louis what happened to her last night. This proves to be the last straw for Louis: he knocks Lester with his gun, gropes him, and forces him to apologize for what he has done earlier, as well as giving him the money for the gas, in which he reluctantly agrees.'] ["Thelma Dickinson  is a passive housewife, married to a controlling man, Darryl . Louise Sawyer  is a single waitress who appears strong, organized, and stern, with some unspecified trauma in her past. The two head out in Louise's 1966 Ford Thunderbird convertible for a two-day vacation in the mountains that quickly turns into a nightmare before they reach their destination. They stop for a drink at a cowboy bar, where Thelma meets and dances with Harlan Puckett . She gets drunk and Harlan attempts to rape her in the parking lot. Louise finds them and threatens to shoot Harlan with a gun Thelma brought with her. Harlan stops, but as the women walk away, he yells profanity and insults them. Louise loses her temper and fires, killing him. Thelma wants to go to the police, but Louise says that because Thelma was drunk and had been dancing with Harlan, no one will believe he tried to rape her. Afraid that she will be prosecuted, Louise decides to run away, and Thelma accompanies her. Louise is determined to travel from Oklahoma to Mexico, but refuses to go through Texas. It is revealed that something happened to her in Texas years earlier, but she refuses to say exactly what. Heading west, they come across J.D. , and Thelma convinces Louise to let him hitch a ride with them. Louise contacts her boyfriend Jimmy Lennox  and asks him to send her life savings via Western Union. When she goes to pick up the money, she finds that Jimmy has come to see her. Thelma invites J.D. into her room and learns he is a thief who has broken parole. They become intimate, and J.D. describes how he conducted his hold-ups. Jimmy asks Louise to marry him, and she refuses. In the morning, Thelma tells Louise about her night with J.D. Louise asks where J.D. is, and they find that he is gone with the money. Louise is distraught and frozen with indecision, so a guilty Thelma takes charge. Meanwhile, the FBI, after questioning J.D., Jimmy, and Darryl, are getting closer to catching the fugitives. Detective Hal Slocumb  discovers the event that Louise experienced in Texas, and during a couple of brief phone conversations, expresses sympathy for her predicament and pledges to protect her. But he is unsuccessful in his attempts to persuade her to surrender. While Louise waits in the car, Thelma, attempting to make up for the money J.D. stole, robs a convenience store. When a policeman  stops them, Thelma threatens him with her gun, steals his gun, and locks him in the trunk of his cruiser. They encounter a truck driver  who repeatedly makes obscene gestures at them. They pull over to demand an apology, but when he refuses, they fire at the truck's fuel tank, causing it to explode. Thelma and Louise are finally cornered by police only 100 yards from the edge of the Grand Canyon. Detective Slocumb arrives on the scene, but he is refused the chance to make one last attempt to talk the women into surrendering themselves. Rather than be captured and spend the rest of their lives in jail, Thelma proposes that they keep going. Louise asks Thelma if she is certain, Thelma says yes, and steps on the gas. As soon as the car starts forward, Slocumb sprints after it in an attempt to save them, but the car drives over the cliff."] ['Spoiled heiress Ellen "Ellie" Andrews  marries fortune-hunter "King" Westley  against the wishes of her extremely wealthy father  who has the marriage annulled. She runs away, boarding a bus to New York City, to reunite with her new spouse, when she meets fellow bus passenger Peter Warne , an out-of-work newspaper reporter. Warne recognizes her and gives her a choice: if she will give him an exclusive on her story, he will help her reunite with Westley. If not, he will tell her father where she is and collect the reward offered for her return. Ellie agrees to the first choice. Soon penniless, Ellie has to rely completely on Peter. As they go through several adventures together, Ellie loses her initial disdain for him and begins to fall in love. When they have to hitchhike, Peter claims to be an expert on the subject. As car after car passes them by, he eventually ends up thumbing his nose at them. The sheltered Ellie then shows him how it\'s done. She stops the next car, driven by Danker , dead in its tracks by lifting up her skirt and showing off a shapely leg.  When they stop for a break, Danker tries to drive off with their luggage. Peter chases him down and takes his car. One night, nearing the end of their journey together, Ellie confesses her love to Peter. Peter mulls over what she has said, decides he loves her too, and leaves to make arrangements after she has fallen asleep. When the owners of the motel in which they are staying notice that Peter\'s car is gone, they roust Ellie out of bed and kick her out. Believing Peter has deserted her, Ellie calls her father, who is so relieved to get her back that he agrees to let her marry Westley. Although Ellie has no desire to be with Westley, she believes Peter has betrayed her for the reward money, so she agrees to have a second, formal wedding. Meanwhile, Peter has obtained money from his editor to marry Ellie, but as he drives back to tell her, they pass each other on the road. Ellie tries to pretend that nothing has happened, but she is unable to fool her father. She finally reveals the whole story . When Peter comes to Ellie\'s home, Mr. Andrews offers him the reward money, but Peter insists on being paid only his expenses: a paltry $39.60. When Ellie\'s father presses him for an explanation of his odd behavior, Peter admits he loves Ellie , then storms out. At the wedding ceremony, as Mr. Andrews walks his daughter down the aisle, he reveals to Ellie Peter\'s refusal of the reward money and quietly encourages her to run off again, telling her that her car is out back for a quick get-away. At the point where she is to say "I do", she makes up her mind. She runs off to find Peter. Her pleased father pays Westley off, enabling Ellie to marry Peter.'] ["  Mike Flux  works at his parents' motel as the night manager. One day he sees Sue , who is staying at the motel for the weekend. He develops a crush on her and surprises her at her door with a bottle of wine. She doesn't quite know what to make of his approach, shares some wine to be polite, then asks him to leave. He returns the next day, trying the same trick with champagne, and this time she allows him to touch her butt momentarily. As she heads back home the next day she decides to go back and have sex with Mike in the laundry room.  Mike realizes his feelings for Sue and flies to her home in Baltimore. She's shocked to see him there, but out of courtesy allows him to stay with her until morning when he can go back home. After spending some time together they get to know each other better as friends, and soon after Mike returns home, Sue stays at the motel again. They decide to go out and have fun. Mike's mother  is very sick, and the two stop by her home to see her. She approves of Sue, and tells Mike that he needs to find happiness in his life. Soon after Sue leaves, Mike's mother passes away. Mike decides to make a change in his life and go after Sue once again. Mike learns that Sue has gotten back together with her old boyfriend, Jango , a former punk rocker turned successful businessman in Aberdeen, WA. Mike settles into the new town by taking a job at a Chinese restaurant. The son of the owners, Al , befriends him and allows Mike to stay in the restaurant's basement. Mike skydives into Sue and Jango's pool to surprise her, but Jango responds by attacking him with an airsoft gun. Feeling bad about what he did, Jango invites Mike and Al over for dinner. Jango knows Mike has feelings towards Sue and threatens him. Regardless of the threat, Mike, with help from Al, sings a song for Sue outside her window later that night. Sue meets up with Mike the next day, informing him, that she and Jango are getting married. Sue is pregnant, and she wants to be with someone that's in control of his life. In anger, Mike tells Sue to leave.  After spending four months in a Buddhist monastery, Mike returns to the motel, now being run solely by his father . After talking about moving on with their lives, Mike's father hands him the deed to the motel. Mike decides to turn the motel into a homeless shelter, something Sue had mentioned always wanting to do. Mike calls her at home to tell her, but Jango answers the phone. He reveals that Sue has left him and is living with her mother. Mike makes his way to Sue's home to ask her for help with the shelter. She's happy to see him and tells him that she had messed up their relationship. Mike tells her he loves her and only wants to take care of her and her baby. The story ends as they embrace."] ['Having lost the first Cannonball Run race, Sheik Abdul ben Falafel  is ordered by his father  to go back to America and win another Cannonball Run in order to "emblazon the Falafel name as the fastest in the world." When Sheik Abdul points out that there is no Cannonball Run that year, his father simply tells him to "buy one." To make sure his ulcer does not prevent him from winning, the Sheik hires Doctor Nikolas Van Helsing , who teamed with JJ  and Victor  in the first race as his in-car physician. He brings along a blond-haired servant , who receives numerous slaps in the face from both the sheik and his father. Most of the participants from the first race are lured back, including JJ and Victor, who have taken jobs working with a flying stunt crew. In a subplot, Blake  and Fenderbaum  are in financial trouble with Don Don Canneloni , who in turn is in financial trouble with mob enforcer Hymie Kaplan . After the Sheik manages to bail out Blake and Fenderbaum by handing one of Don Don\'s thugs a stack of cash, Don Don hatches a plot to kidnap the Sheik in an attempt to extort money from him. The race begins with JJ and Victor dressed as a US Army general and his private driver. They catch the attention of Betty  and Veronica , who are dressed as nuns for a musical, but willing to hitch a ride with JJ and Victor when they think the guys could become overnight millionaires. They do not lose their habits until later. Don Don\'s enforcers continue to blunder one plan after another, with predictably slapstick results. The racers band together to invade the bordello. JJ, Victor, and Fenderbaum infiltrate it in drag, dressed as belly dancers. Others barrel in by car and rescue the Sheik, who is reluctant to leave since he has his pick of women there. In the end, the Sheik bankrolls Don Don\'s bordello and then declares that he is upping the stakes to $2 million for the winner. All jump into their vehicles and make a dash for the finish line and avoiding some traffic patrollers on the way. The Sheik, as it turns out, loses yet again , but convinces his father that he will win the return-trip race, having hired the winner of this one. It turns out to be an orangutan with a penchant for destructive behavior and giving elderly ladies the middle finger.'] ["{{tone}} Sean  is driving cross country to his sister's wedding when he picks up Nick , a hitchhiker who happens to be a vampire hunter hunting a group of vampires led by Kit , one of the Forsaken. The Forsaken are a group of French Knights that during the First Crusade made a pact with the demon Abaddon to live forever. There were nine knights: eight were turned into vampires and became known as the Forsaken; the ninth was a sacrifice to Abaddon to seal the pact. Of the eight, four are dead, one is in Europe, one in Africa and two in the United States . Nick was bitten by a vampire but, thanks to an antiviral drug cocktail, the vampire virus is kept at bay. Each of the Forsaken carry a unique strain of the virus and killing the Forsaken kills the entire strain of virus; killing all the vampires descended from it, and stopping anyone just infected from turning, which is why Nick is hunting this particular Forsaken. He believes him to be the one that his strain of the vampire virus is descended from and that if he kills him, he will not eventually turn into a vampire . At first Sean is less than willing to indulge his new acquaintance, but then they find Megan , a girl Sean finds he is attracted to, bitten and left for dead by the vampires. Nick also proves he is telling the truth by killing a vampire, Teddy , by exposure to sunlight. When Sean is infected with the vampire virus , their only hope is to kill the vampire leader before it is too late. The Forsaken must be slain on hallowed ground, so the three head for a Spanish mission 60 miles away – chased by the vampires and their day driver Penn . After a battle on the road Penn is killed and the car is running out of gas as its tank was shot so they are unable to reach the mission. They stop at a gas station where an old woman named Ina  lets them in after seeing Megan. She shows them a newspaper connecting Megan to a bloodbath in Arizona; when Megan wakes up and is coherent enough to talk, she explains she was a victim of the vampires' bloodbath  and after Kit bit her he left Teddy to kill her, which she did not do for some reason. Kit and Cym then catch up to them and lay siege to the gas station. Sean discovers a graveyard outside and Ina explains that it is an old Spanish graveyard that was never dug up, making the house hallowed ground and thus a suitable place to kill Kit. In the following battle, Sean kills Cym with Ina's shotgun but both he and Nick are injured and Kit forces him to be his new day driver then goes after Ina and Megan. As Kit is about to kill them Sean drives his car through the gas station wall and pins Kit to the wall, hoping to hold him there until the sun rises. Kit pushes the car back when it runs out of gas due to the hole in the tank but Sean then shoots him, knocking him into a beam of sunlight and shoots him again when he manages to escape the light. As Kit starts to combust, Sean, Nick, Megan and Ina flee the gas station; Kit's explosive death ignites the gas. It seems Sean and Megan are finally clear of the vampire virus, however, Nick is not cured as it turns out that the vampire responsible for his infection is descended from the other member of the Forsaken in the United States. Nick takes to the road to try to find and kill the other Forsaken, leaving a letter of thanks for Sean. However, Sean catches up to him driving Kit's car and insists on helping, having discovered that the Forsaken is probably in Denver. The two set off for Denver."] ['A Man lives in his car. He is 40 years old and although he does not have a lot of free time, when he does, he chooses to spend it with his family. He meets his wife and two children at a specified day and time in car parking lots. His job is to locate and bring the finest honey to a 50-year old man. A New Driver shows up and the Man gets fired. The Man’s life changes and he finds it absurd that no one trusts him anymore.'] ['The film starts in the 1940s, during another drought in the sertão, when ranch hand Manuel  is fed up with his situation. His boss tries to cheat him of his earnings and Manuel kills him, fleeing with his wife, Rosa . Now an outlaw, Manuel joins up with a self-proclaimed saint who condones violence  and preaches disturbing doctrines. It is now Rosa who turns to killing and the two are on the move once again. And so it goes, the two running from one allegiance to another, following the words of others as they attempt to find a place in their ruthless land. Blending mysticism, religion, and popular culture in this symbolic and realistic drama, Rocha insists that rather than follow the external and obscure dogmas of culture and religion, man must determine his path by his own voice.'] ["Sarah Paulson portrays Acey Rawlin, a teenage girl who gets pregnant after spending the night with a man she just met. Acey's only friend, a fisherman named Bob, may be imaginary. And when Acey tells her mother Anna about her problems, Anna chooses this moment to tell Acey that she's adopted, which causes her to search out her birth mother."] ["The film follows the course of Jolene's life over the course of ten years, as an abused 15-year-old foster child up until her life as a 25-year-old woman. At 16 she is a teen bride, but her marriage is disrupted when she is seduced by her uncle-in-law Phil . Her marriage break-up pushes her towards a lesbian relationship with an emotionally needy attendant, Cindy, who she meets at juvenile detention. This is followed by a liaison with drug-dealing tattoo artist. Her strange choices continue in her relationship with a mobster named Sal in Las Vegas. Later in life she becomes involved with Brad, a wealthy psychopath.'Jolene': Dan Ireland's poignant film follows heroine's 10 years of misadventures Seattle Times. 4 November 2010"] ['Set in Australia in 1999, two British tourists, Liz Hunter  and Kristy Earl  are backpacking across the country with Ben Mitchell ([[Nathan Phillips , an Australian friend and contrarian from Sydney. Currently in Broome, Western Australia, they constantly get drunk at wild, extravagant pool parties and sleep rough together on the beach. Ben buys a dilapidated Ford XD Falcon to facilitate their road journey from Broome to Cairns, Queensland via the Great Northern Highway. After stopping at Halls Creek for the night, the trio make another stop at Wolf Creek National Park, which contains a giant crater formed by a 50,000-ton meteorite. While exploring the crater, Ben and Liz kiss, after various hints from Kristy. Hours later, upon returning to their car, the group discovers their watches have all suddenly broken and the car won\'t start. Unable to discover the problem, they prepare themselves to sit out the night. After dark, a Crocodile Dundee-styled man named Mick Taylor  comes upon them and offers to tow them to his camp to repair the car. After initial hesitation, the group allows Mick to take them to his place, an abandoned mining site several hours south of Wolf Creek. Mick regales them with tall stories of his past while making a show of fixing the car. His manner unsettles Liz and Kristy, although Ben is less concerned. While they sit around a fire, Mick gives the tourists drugged water which he describes as "rainwater from the top end". The water causes the tourists to eventually fall into unconsciousness. Liz awakens late the next afternoon to find herself tied up in a shed. She manages to break free as night falls, but before she can escape the mining site, she hears Mick torturing Kristy in a garage by shooting at her, sexually abusing her and tormenting her. Liz sets the now-dismantled Falcon on fire to cause a distraction and goes to help Kristy while Mick is busy trying to extinguish the blaze. She then manages to shoot Mick with one of his own rifles, blasting him in the neck and apparently killing him. The women attempt to flee the camp in Mick\'s truck, but a wounded Mick stumbles out of the garage and blasts at them with a double-barreled shotgun, before giving chase in another truck. The girls evade Mick in the bush by rolling his truck off a cliff and hiding, before returning to the mining site to get another car. Liz leaves the hysterical Kristy outside the gates, telling her to escape on foot if she does not return in five minutes. Liz enters another garage and discovers Mick\'s large stock of cars as well as an organised array of travellers’ possessions, including video cameras. She watches the playback on one of them and is horrified to see Mick "rescuing" other travellers stranded at Wolf Creek in almost identical circumstances to her own. She then picks up another camera which turns out to be Ben\'s, through viewing some of Ben\'s footage, the recording ends focusing on a scene with Mick\'s truck in the background, indicating he\'d been following them long before they got to Wolf Creek. She gets into a car and attempts to start it, but Mick shows up in the back seat and stabs her through the driver\'s seat with a huge knife. After more bragging, he hacks three of Liz\'s fingers off in one swipe. He then severs her spinal cord with a knife, paralyzing her and rendering her a "head on a stick." As Liz lies motionless on the garage floor, he interrogates her for Kristy\'s whereabouts. By dawn, a barefoot Kristy has reached a surfaced highway and is discovered by a passing motorist. He attempts to help Kristy, but is suddenly shot dead from far away by Mick, who has a sniper rifle. Mick then gives chase in a fast Holden HQ Statesman, prompting Kristy to take off in the dead man\'s car. She succeeds in ramming Mick off the road, but he coolly gets out of the car and shoots out Kristy\'s back tire, causing the car to flip over into the bush. A disoriented, dazed Kristy climbs out of the wreckage and attempts to crawl away, but is coldly shot dead by Mick. He bundles both Kristy and Liz\'s bodies into the back of the wrecked car and torches it before calmly driving off. The action then cuts to Ben, whose fate until now has not been revealed. He awakens to find himself nailed to a mock crucifix in a mine shaft, with an aggressive, caged Rottweiler in front of him. He manages to painfully extract himself from the crucifix and enters the camp in early daylight. Ben escapes into the outback, but becomes hysterical and dehydrated, eventually passing out beside a dirt road. He is discovered by two shocked Swedish travellers who take him to Kalbarri, where he is airlifted to hospital. The ending reveals that no trace of Kristy and Liz were found despite several major police searches. Early investigations were disorganised and hampered by confusion, lack of physical evidence and the alleged credibility of Ben. After four months in police custody, Ben was cleared of all suspicion. The film then ends with the silhouette of Mick Taylor walking into the sunset, rifle in hand.'] ['J.D.  is a trucker from California. When he returns to his home he learns that an old friend of his was wasted by Sergeant Strode , a local policeman in a little town called "Texas City". He starts making inquiries about "Texas City", a revived but still dilapitated former ghost town, which has recently received town ordinances and privileges. Word is, "Texas City" has already a tradition of trapping truckers. Its policemen work the roads like modern robber-knights, led by a hypocritic drunkard who calls himself a judge. When his younger brother Billy  goes about his first solo run J.D. warns him to stay away from this town. But the unexperienced greenhorn is easily lured into a trap when a policeman from “Texas City” uses CB technology to pretend he was a trucker who just wants to help him. Billy is told he should avoid speed traps by choosing a different route which allegedly provides “a clean run”. Once Billy has left the main road he is game. “Texas City” police stops him and makes him believe he had to change his route again because of an accident. Thus he enters the territory of the greedy, corrupt “judge” Trimmings who rips him off by using threadbare pretences and arrests him. After Billy Dawes has vanished, his older brother, J.D. sets out in search of him. He goes to “Texas City” where he witnesses a city council meeting where Trimmings\' stooges boast about their booties. Trimmings outlaws him and J.D. has to fight his way out. Even so, he has already befriended the waitress in the local diner. The single mother provides a refuge and J.D. shows he is an able step-father. Soon he takes a new approach and gets into fight with the owner of the local wrecking yard. He is blindsided, knocked out and thrown into a junk press. Still groggy he has to fight for dear life. Climbing out of the started press he kicks the yard owner who stumbles about his junk and hits the ground while falling down backwards. J.D., shocked by this accident, is arrested and sentenced to death by Trimmings. J.D.\'s trucker friends hear about it by J.D.\'s girl-friend who can access a CB radio station. They come to rescue him and simply tear the town down. J.D. can continue the search for his brother but he is hit by a stray bullet. He runs into Sergeant Strode while Strode is mistreating little Billy. Time has come for the final showdown between J.D. and the scourge of his friends, the evil Sergeant Strode.'] ["Jack Lawrence is a smart allec lawyer who is one day visited by an ex-girlfriend who tells him her kid was his. Enter Dale Putley, a depressed goofball who is also a [[writer], meets with the same ex-girlfriend who tells him her kid is his. One day Jack and Dale meet and discover what had happened: they've been told the same story and now there's a question of who the real father is. They learn their son is following a rock band called Sugar Ray around. So Jack and Dale hit the road to Sacramento and find their drunk, lovestruck son. Soon after they bring him back to their hotel room, their son escapes and Jack and Dale must use teamwork to find him again, bring him home, and find out which one of them is the real father."] ['The film centers on two strangers, an actor preparing for an upcoming role and a cashier. Through circumstance, the two end up driving around Los Angeles together while having a number of conversations about life and exploring the differences and similarities between their worlds.'] ["Tex  is an American working at a carnival in Queensland. At the carnival he befriends a boxer, Alby  and they decide to travel together to Surfers Paradise on the Gold Coast. They hitch a ride with Arnold  but problems arise when Arnold makes unwanted advances towards Alby. Alby beats up Arnold and he and Tex flee with Arnold's suitcase and car. However, the case is full of cash and the car is stocked with marijuana. So it comes as no surprise that Arnold and his friends want them back. Tex and Alby later give a lift to a sixteen year old hitch-hiker, Lynn and try to pick up two women, Barbie and Susie. Tex gets thrown out of a night club and beaten up by a bouncer so Alby takes both girls to bed. Arnold sends thugs to get them so they end up hijacking a tourist bus. They escape and go off into the sunset with Lyn.High Rolling The Digital Fix. Retrieved on 8 June 2011"] ["Brian Kessler  is a graduate student in psychology and a journalist, who has written an article about serial killers, which draws interest from a Publisher that offers him a book deal. After the book deal advance is spent, Brian realizes that he needs to start working on finishing his book. His photographer girlfriend Carrie Laughlin  persuades him to move to California, they decide to drive from Pittsburgh to California and visit infamous murder sites along the way. Short on funds, Brian posts a ride-share ad. Meanwhile, parolee Early Grayce  has just lost his job. His parole officer  learns of this and comes to the trailer park where Early lives with his young girlfriend Adele Corners . Early refuses the officer's offer of a job as a college janitor, saying he wants to leave the state. The officer informs him that, if he does not keep the appointment, he will be returned to prison. Early decides to go to the job interview; and, when he is on his way out, he is confronted by the landlord over non-payment of rent. Early grows violent and spins out in his car, chasing the man all over the park. Early spies the ride-share ad at the college and calls Brian, who agrees to meet him the following day. Early sends Adele ahead and, as revealed later, murders the landlord before joining Adele to wait for Brian and Carrie. Carrie's first response to seeing the rough-hewn couple is to suggest Brian turn the car around and leave, but Brian asks her to give the plan a chance, and she reluctantly agrees. On the road, unbeknownst to his companions, Early murders a man in a gas station bathroom and steals his money. When they arrive at the first hotel, he cuts Adele's hair to match Carrie's. At another hotel, Early invites Brian out to play pool, leaving Adele and Carrie alone together. Adele reveals to Carrie that she is a rape victim and that she views Early as her protector, even though her mother did not approve because Early had just been released from prison. Carrie is alarmed by Brian's growing fascination with Early and nonchalant response to the news that Early has been in prison. She gives him an ultimatum; either they rid themselves of Early and Adele, or she will leave. At the next gas station, Carrie glimpses a newscast with footage of Early and the announcement he is a suspected murderer. Early kills the gas station attendant and continues the trip with the couple as hostages. They encounter two police officers, whom Early shoots. Early orders Brian to finish off one of the wounded officers, but Brian refuses. They next come to the home of an elderly couple. Early beats the man to death, but Adele allows the woman to flee. As Early rushes to find the woman, Adele confronts him and says she wants nothing more to do with him. Early shoots Adele, strikes Brian on the head, and kidnaps Carrie. Brian regains consciousness, and the elderly woman gives him the keys to her truck. Brian arrives at an abandoned nuclear testing site and surprises Early, hitting him in the head with a shovel. Brian finds Carrie bloodied and handcuffed to a bed. Early, who was only stunned, attacks Brian and they struggle until Carrie hits Early in the head. When Early continues the attack, Brian shoots him in the abdomen. Early is not mortally wounded, Brian realizes this and shoots him again, killing him. The film ends with Brian and Carrie in a California beach house. She tells him that a gallery is interested in her art, and he suggests they go out to celebrate. He leaves his tape player on; and Adele's voice is heard, talking about how good Carrie and Brian were to her and Early, and how much their friendship means to her."] ["Noah Nichols  and his ARC: Alex Kirby , Ricky Davis , and Chance Counter , retreat to Martha's Vineyard for Noah's intimate marriage to Wade Robinson . While Alex's hubby, Trey , video chats from home to babysit their newly adopted Ethiopian child, Chance brings his husband, Eddie , and Ricky is accompanied by the 19-year old Brandon  for some lighthearted fling-dating. But as the four couples hole up and attend separate bachelor parties, each relationship begins to unravel. Alex's pill-popping throughout the weekend, compiled with surprise drop-ins from Noah's boss, Brandy  and rapper Baby Gat , don't help Noah and Wade work through last-minute jitters."] ['The story follows Bob Hughes  and his crew of drug addicts as they travel across the U.S. Pacific Northwest in the early 1970s, supporting their habit by robbing pharmacies and hospitals. After a tragedy strikes the group, Bob decides to try to "go straight", but finds that there is more to extricating himself from the drug user\'s lifestyle than just giving up drugs.'] ['Ex-convict Bobby Ogden  is trying to get his life straight and his career going as a country and western singer. Bobby shows off some of his tunes to Nashville star Garland Dupree . However, Dupree uses one his songs "Outlaw Blues" for himself with no credit to Bobby. Bobby confronts Dupree and when Dupree pulls a gun on him, he accidentally shoots himself in the ensuing struggle. Of course, Dupree tells everyone that Bobby shot him. Now Bobby\'s on the run, with only Dupree\'s recently fired back up singer Tina Waters  believing him. The pair flee together, as Bobby becomes an underground hero who is accepted as the man who actually wrote the hit, while being put on the law enforcement\'s most wanted list.'] ["While in the hospital, 60-year-old truck driver Elegant John  gets his rig repossessed by the finance company. Deciding that it's time to make one last perfect cross-country run, he escapes from the hospital and steals back his truck. Doing a favor for an old friend, madam Penelope , he picks up six prostitutes  to bring them across the border. He heads off into the night with the police on his tail, and becomes a folk hero."] ["La Chèvre features Depardieu as the tough-guy private detective Campana, hired to find Marie, the daughter of a rich businessman, who has mysteriously disappeared while vacationing in Mexico. The case turns out to be complicated – several attempts to find her have already failed. A psychologist, Meyer, who works for the businessman, suggests a plan. Marie is known to be extremely unlucky and accident-prone; the psychologist advises sending someone equally accident-prone to find her, on the theory that what happened to her may also happen to him, and thus, following her steps while the detective tags along, the daughter can be found and returned home. Richard's character Perrin is an awkward, accident-prone accountant who works for the businessman, and is chosen to implement the scheme. The adventures of an odd duo begin..."] ['The storyline opens in Tokyo where JM , a rich young IT worker and sometime computer hacker, is attempting to purchase a 1967 model Citroën DS, or Goddess, as it is known to French car aficionados. JM lives in a pristine but unfriendly hi-tech apartment. The smog filled city is blue-grey and bleak. He rarely speaks to his live-in girlfriend and is preoccupied with other possessions—his latest snorkeling gear as well as the pet snakes and other exotic reptiles he keeps in the flat. After tracing, on the Internet, a perfectly restored Citroën owned by a couple in Australia, JM abandons his job and flies out to purchase the rare car, which he thinks can fill the emptiness in his life. No one meets JM at the airport but he eventually finds the home where the car is located and meets BG , a blind and emotionally unstable young woman. BG, who is minding a young child, explains that the couple did not actually own the Citroën and that the husband shot his wife and then killed himself after a violent argument over money. She shows him the car and tells him, after he has test driven it, that she can take him to its real owner, who is somewhere in the outback, a five-day drive away. Intoxicated by the vehicle, JM agrees. BG abandons the young child at the blood-splattered house, instructing her not to trust anyone. As BG and JM journey into the spectacular but harsh landscape, the viewer is taken on a series of complex and often confusing flashbacks which attempt to illustrate the dark tragedies that have shaped their respective lives. JM, we learn, became fabulously wealthy after a friend gave him the computer password to a major bank. But his friend was soon run over and killed by a passing truck. JM\'s infatuation with the car is apparently an attempt to fill the emotional gap created by his friend\'s death and the barren life he leads in Tokyo, which, he tells BG, is alien and "just like Mars". Most of the flashbacks, however, concern BG. She was sexually attacked three years earlier by a young boxer from a travelling circus but escaped into the bush where she was protected by wild dingoes. As a young child, she was also sexually abused by her grandfather  and traumatised by Marie , her disoriented and deeply religious mother. Grandpa , who was a hippie, a wine maker and then an opal miner, believes his outback existence frees him from all moral constraints. BG\'s favourite radio show is the obituary notices program and she is infatuated by the sound of insects splattering on the Citroën\'s windscreen, which, she explains to JM, is the "sound of death". Although blind, BG carries a revolver which she fires occasionally: the first time at two sinister men who pull alongside the car during JM\'s test drive and later, in the outback, to destroy the satellite phone JM uses to call his Tokyo girlfriend. Unbeknownst to JM, BG\'s grandfather owns the car and she is leading JM to him not to consummate the car\'s sale but in order to kill the old man. In the course of their journey through an unremittingly hostile world inhabited by cruel outback men and women, the couple become friends and, after JM teaches BG how to dance, tentative lovers. BG eventually finds her grandfather and confronts him in his rundown opal mine. She had planned to shoot him but, having reconciled her past in the course of the trip and found someone who genuinely cares for her, decides not to go ahead with it. The film ends with BG and JM travelling off together in the Citroën, the message being that humane relationships are only possible when people come to terms with their past.'] ["While playing in a bar in St. Louis, jazz pianist Jigger Pine meets aspiring clarinetist Nickie Haroyen who tries to convince him to put together a jazz band. After a drunk patron starts a fight, Nickie and Jigger are thrown in jail with Jigger's drummer and bassist. They hear a prisoner singing a blues song and are inspired to set out for New Orleans where they hope to learn how to perfect an authentic bluesy sound. There they meet fast-talking trumpet player Leo and his wife Character who is a talented singer. Together, the quintet rides the rails, honing their technique in dive bars across the country. One day while sheltering in a boxcar they meet a mysterious stranger named Del who first robs them and then, impressed by their camaraderie, offers them a job in a New Jersey roadhouse called The Jungle. The group discovers that the roadhouse is actually owned by Del's former partners in crime, aspiring singer Kay, accomplice Sam and her crippled sidekick Brad. Del has escaped from jail to retrieve his share of a robbery the three committed, but when Kay tells him they have spent all the money, he decides to take over the The Jungle and transform it into an illegal gambling club. Kay tries to rekindle her past romance with Del, but he rejects her and she turns her attention to Leo. Although the band is happy playing their brand of jazz each night at the club, Character is worried about Leo and Kay. Jigger reveals to Leo that Character is pregnant and he decides to give up Kay. She soon sets her sights on Jigger who is secretly in love with her. When Sam tries to get her to alert the police to Del's whereabouts, she tells Del and Sam is killed by Del's henchmen. Del orders her to leave The Jungle so she convinces Jigger to quit the band and go to New York City to join a commercial, mainstream jazz band. Although successful, Jigger is unhappy in his new life, feeling he is not playing authentic jazz. Kay finally grows bored of life with Jigger and leaves him when he tells her he is quitting the band. He descends into alcoholism and has a mental breakdown. His friends find him and help nurse him back to health, hiding the fact that Character's baby has died. They return to The Jungle where Jigger begins playing again, but Kay shows up without any money looking for help. She and Del have a violent quarrel and in the ensuing struggle Kay shoots and kills him. Jigger decides to protect Kay and help her escape from the police, but Brad hears their plans and realizes that Kay is leaving forever. He drives away with her into a violent storm, deliberately wrecking the car so they are both killed. The band resolves to leave The Jungle behind and they return to their life on the road, playing their preferred version of jazz."] ['After a surreal Rampage-esque dream, Beavis and Butt-head wake up to realize that someone has stolen their television. The pair then embark on a quest to replace it. After several mishaps involving searching for a television, they visit a low-quality motel that advertises "TVs in every room". There, they encounter Muddy Grimes, who is waiting for two hired hit men  to murder his wife, Dallas. Muddy, thinking that Beavis and Butt-head are the killers he has contacted, says that they must "do"  his wife. Thinking that by "do", Muddy means "score with", Butt-Head convinces Beavis that both of them can "score" as well as, they\'ll get paid and they can buy a new television. Muddy hands them a photograph of Dallas with instructions on where to find her. He then drives them to the airport to catch a plane to Las Vegas. After arriving in their Vegas casino where they are staying, the boys get arrested by security after being mistaken for trespassers and then they are taken to their rooms. Their room happens to be adjacent to the room of the hunted woman, Dallas Grimes and they accidentally burst in. Dallas soon realizes they have no idea what they have been hired for. While Beavis and Butt-head begin fighting over who will "do" Dallas first, the police arrive to arrest her. Thinking quickly, she plants a stolen biological weapon known as the "X-5 Unit" in Beavis\' pants in order to get rid of it. She then gets them tickets on a bus to Washington, D.C. instructing them that she will be waiting for them in the Capitol of the United States and will let them "do her" there. The stolen biological weapon attracts the attention of the ATF, headed by Agent Flemming who orders a body cavity search on everyone he encounters and in spite of his tough talk, relies on fellow Agent Bork\'s assistance virtually all the time. Flemming becomes convinced that the duo are criminal masterminds after they accidentally release the water behind Hoover Dam, cutting the power to Las Vegas. On the tour bus, they visit landmarks including the Grand Canyon and Yellowstone National Park. After becoming stranded in Petrified Forest National Park, they wander through the desert where they meet two men who are implied to be their fathers, but part ways before they can make the kinship connection. During the trek across the desert, they soon begin to die of dehydration. The next day, Beavis and Butt-head are found by Muddy, who plans to kill them after realizing they were not the hit men he hired. However, after hearing that Dallas is going to meet up with the duo in D.C, Muddy decides to take them the rest of the way in his trunk to hunt down Dallas. In the middle of I-81 in Virginia, Butt-Head opens the trunk with a car jack, and they escape by jumping onto the road, causing an 18-wheeler to swerve off the road, resulting in a huge, 400-car pileup. Beavis and Butt-head casually walk past the scene and get back on the tour bus, stopping at the United States Capitol Building before finally reaching the White House. Before Dallas can meet with Beavis and Butt-Head to recover the weapon, she is confronted in the parking garage by Muddy. Muddy and Dallas then briefly reconcile before they are arrested by the ATF while having sex in Muddy\'s car. Faced with the possibility of a 60-year jail sentence, Dallas betrays Muddy by saying that he hid the weapon "in some kid\'s pants" but she still gets the sentence. The ATF is dispatched to the White House due to Beavis and Butt-Head being there on the same day as the "Give Peace A Chance" conference. Beavis consumes caffeine pills , sugar and coffee while on the White House tour, then transforms into Cornholio. He wanders around the White House and picks up the red phone in the Oval Office, causing the military to go to DEFCON 4. Meanwhile, Butt-head wanders around the White House where he runs into Chelsea Clinton; his attempts at hitting on her lead to him being pushed out of a window where he is detained and cavity searched by ATF officers. Beavis leaves the White House and goes inside Mr. Anderson\'s trailer. Moments later, Anderson catches Beavis "whacking off" and angrily throws him out of the trailer. The ATF spots Beavis walking around the camper pants-less and confront him, thinking he has the weapon on him. They are just about to open fire when Anderson opens his camper door, telling Beavis to take his pants with him, which causes the ATF to go after the pants. The pants are ripped open, with the weapon flying out of them. The weapon, landing safely in Butt-Head\'s hand, is recovered; Butt-head simply hands it to Flemming. Blame for the incident is ultimately pinned on Anderson, who is arrested along with Dallas and Muddy. Agent Flemming informs Beavis and Butt-Head that their adventure will remain top secret. Beavis and Butthead are shown seeing President Bill Clinton, who then makes Beavis and Butt-head honorary ATF agents, and gives them a contract for unlimited alcohol and firearms. B&B return to Highland and find their TV in front of the motel. The film ends with them carrying their TV into the sunset while insulting each other, then Beavis suggests going to Anderson\'s toolshed to masturbate.'] ['The film opens with Eagle Boy, a young man who is on a vision quest. It then cuts to the present, where a 17-year-old Lakota named Shane Chasing Horse is living on the Pine Ridge reservation. He is in trouble because he owes some money to a local gang -- money he used to buy a beautiful ring for Mae Little Wounded, a girl he likes. Meanwhile, his mother asks him to drive his grandfather, Pete Chasing Horse, a storyteller, down to the powwow. Shane is reluctant. However, when the gang comes after him, Shane changes his mind and heads out to the powwow with his grandfather, who agrees to give him his truck once they reach the powwow. Grandfather tells Shane the story of a young Lakota man who tries to win the hand of Bluebird Woman. He also tells the story of how a thunder spirit falls in love with a Mohawk woman and brings her up into the ethereal world of Sky Woman, and of how she raised their son back in her village until he was struck by one of the villagers and brought back to live with his father. Later, when a young redheaded man who is eager to learn about Native culture and hoping to be adopted by a Native American family asks to ride with them to the powwow, Shane says no. His grandfather then tells him the Kiowa story of Tehan, a white man who lived among the Kiowa and fought bravely alongside them, and Shane relents and lets the redhead ride with them. Shane’s grandfather then tells how Eagle Boy follows the advice of a shining spirit elk, and seeks out an old woman who can give him weapons with which to slay the mighty serpent Unceliga. He is repulsed when the ugly old woman embraces him, but reacts quite differently when she transforms into a beautiful younger woman. She reproaches him, but gives him what he needs. Eagle Boy slays Unceliga, whose heart instructs him and grants him great power and prophetic visions. Eventually, the gang members who are after Shane catch up with them, but accidentally drive their car off a cliff and into a lake while chasing him. Shane dives in and saves them, and his struggle is contrasted with Eagle Boy’s underwater battle with Unceliga. The gang members ride with them for a ways, until they and the redheaded hitchhiker leave them in order to travel with a group of attractive young women who are also headed to the powwow. As they travel, Shane’s grandfather tells Shane many other stories: several are about the trickster Coyote and Iktomi the spider. Another is about a young Pawnee man and his mother who are scorned by the rest of their tribe until the young man finds an unwanted dun pony who brings them good medicine. As Shane and his grandfather look up at the stars, the grandfather tells the story of the Quillwork Girl and her seven star brothers, which is about a Cheyenne girl who puts her faith in a dream and searches for seven brothers, but who must then contend with the Buffalo nation. The next story is about a young Chinook woman who sacrifices herself in order to cure her village of a terrible sickness, and the next is about a young Blackfoot hunter who cannot let go of the memory of his father. Shane and his grandfather continue their journey, losing their truck along the way and continuing on horseback and on foot. The two become closer. However, it then turns out that Shane’s grandfather has led them not to the powwow but to Shane’s father’s  trailer home. Shane is disgusted, but is persuaded to stay the night. The next morning Shane finally makes peace with his father. However, he then becomes grief-stricken when he discovers that his grandfather has died in his sleep. Shane decides to continue on to the powwow on horseback, and his father says that when Shane comes home he’ll be there too. The ending of Eagle Boy’s story is revealed: Eagle Boy decides that he wants to live like other men, and disobeys the heart by revealing it to the entire tribe . At the powwow, Shane takes on the role of a storyteller, and children gather around him.'] ["{{Plot}} Colin , is a mild mannered newsagent. One of life's losers, he works all day and then plays in his local darts team in the evening and that is all there is to Colin. One night, he discovers that his wife, Sandra, has been unfaithful with the dart team's captain, Geoff. When confronted about the affair, they have an argument and she leaves him. The darts team are just about to go to a Regional finals in Blackpool, but Geoff drops Colin from the team, and takes Sandra with him for a weekend away. Colin's best friend Zippy advises him that if he does nothing, he would one day look back with regret, so he resolves to travel to Blackpool and tell his wife that he loves her. He stocks up on snacks, and leaves the newsagent in the hands of his regular customers and jumps on his trusty Honda 50 moped and starts traveling. His first stop-off is at a motorway cafe, where he tries to strike up a conversation with a waitress. Unused to social situations, his clumsy attempts at small talk are ignored by the busy waitress. In the evening, he heads into a biker pub, and ignoring all the laughs and jeers at his mode of transport, he makes his way to the bar, and starts chatting with landlord, Ron, and his barmaid, Mandy. He strikes up a conversation with one of the bikers, Ian, who challenges him to a game of darts. Colin joins Ian and his girlfriend for a few drinks in the makeshift campsite at the back of the pub, and Ian persuades Colin to allow him to cut his hair. With a new look, Colin attends a performance at the pub by English folk singer Kate Rusby . Colin spends the rest of the evening entertaining his new friends with darts stories of his hero, Eric Bristow, and toothbrush juggling around the campfire. When he wakes the next day, all his new friends are gone, so he continues on his journey. Taking a break to stretch his legs he meets an eco-warrior chained to a tree, and shares a cheese sandwich. Later he happens on a group of girl guides and spends a few hours in their company. He has a heart to heart with the guide leader Sonja, explaining how he gave Sandra everything she ever wanted, yet it was still not enough. When he decides to get going, he discovers the girls have decorated his beloved moped with leaves. He heads up a highway, pulling in at a fork in the road. He climbs off his bike to check the map, when a horrible noise behind him signals the destruction of his moped under the wheels of a speeding lorry. Colin probably hits his lowest ebb at this point, but forces the tears back and determines to complete his mission. While walking along the road, he is passed by the landlord Ron, who is taking his barmaid to Blackpool for a dirty weekend. She however, has brought her daughter along with her, seeing this weekend as more of an opportunity to get away with her kid. On arrival in Blackpool, Ron asks Colin to return the favour of the lift, and take the kid out of the way for a few hours. He then proceeds to chat up the hotel receptionist so Colin asks Mandy and her daughter if the two of them fancy joining him for a stroll. The three of them have great fun at the fair, and stuff themselves with all sorts of junk food. They all have a great time, but come evening, Colin says he needs to go find his friends. He is walking around the town and sees his wife with her fancy man and instead of confronting them runs in the opposite direction. After spending the night on a sea front bench, Colin heads towards the venue of the darts finals. When he enters he finds Geoff having an argument with the opposing team, which soon deteriorates into a brawl. He asks Sandra if she would mind stepping out for a chat, and despite Geoff trying to stop her, she agrees. She tearfully confesses her regret and that she no longer wants to be involved with Geoff. She realizes that she has been very stupid, and is looking for forgiveness. Colin tells her that he loves her more than anyone else in the whole world, but that he does not want to go back to his old life. He has experienced some of the wider world, and wants to continue on the road to see what is around the next corner. He offers her the newsagents and wishes her goodbye. You then see Colin walking past a cafe, when one of its patrons catch his eye. It is his hero Eric Bristow. He nods a hello, and is rewarded with a nod in return. The final scene shows Colin in a bike showroom, and then announces 'that's the bike for me', and the camera pans to a Honda C50 moped, much like his old one."] ['The film combines straightforward storytelling with periodic interruptions of the soundtrack, during which the action continues, but a narrator provides additional details and context about the characters, events, or setting depicted. In addition to expanding on the narrative, these "footnotes" sometimes draw attention to economic/political issues in Mexico, especially the situation of the poor in rural areas of the country. The story itself focuses on two boys at the threshold of adulthood: Julio , from a leftist middle-class family, and Tenoch , whose father is a high-ranking political official. The film opens with scenes of each boy having sex with his girlfriend one last time before the girls leave on a trip to Italy. Without their girlfriends around, the boys quickly become bored. At a wedding, they meet Luisa , the Spanish wife of Tenoch\'s cousin Jano, and attempt to impress the older woman with talk of an invented, secluded beach called Boca del Cielo . She initially declines their invitation to go there with them, but changes her mind following a phone call in which Jano tearfully confesses cheating on her. Although Julio and Tenoch have little idea where to find the promised beach, the three set off for it, driving through poor, rural Mexico. They pass the time by talking about their relationships and sexual experiences, with the boys largely boasting about their modest exploits, and Luisa speaking in more measured terms about Jano and wistfully of her first love, who died in a motorcycle accident when she was a teenager. On an overnight stop, she telephones Jano, leaving a "goodbye note" on his answering machine. Tenoch goes to her motel room looking for shampoo, but finds her crying. She seduces him, and he awkwardly but enthusiastically has sex with her. Julio sees this from the open doorway, and angrily tells Tenoch that he\'s had sex with his girlfriend. The next day, Luisa tries to even the score by having sex with Julio; Tenoch then reveals he had sex with Julio\'s girlfriend. The boys begin to fight, until Luisa threatens to leave them. By chance they find an isolated beach. They gradually relax and enjoy the beach and the company of a local family. In the nearby village, Luisa makes a final phone call to Jano, bidding him an affectionate but final farewell. That evening, the three drink excessively and joke recklessly about their sexual transgressions, revealing that the two boys have frequently had sex with the same women . With the line "Y tu mamá también," Julio admits to Tenoch that he once had sex with Tenoch\'s mother, an opportunistic joke set against the background of the preceding shocking confessions. The three dance together sensually, then retire to their room. They begin to undress and grope drunkenly, both boys focusing their attentions on Luisa. As she kneels and stimulates them both, they grasp and kiss each other passionately. The next morning, Luisa rises early, leaving the boys to wake up together, naked. They immediately turn away from each other, and are eager to return home. The narrator explains that they did so quietly and uneventfully, but Luisa stayed behind to explore the nearby coves. He further relates that the boys\' girlfriends broke up with them, they started dating other girls, and they stopped seeing each other. The final scene follows a chance encounter a year later, in 2000, the year that the Institutional Revolutionary Party lost the first election in 71 years. They are having a perfunctory cup of coffee together, catching up on each other\'s lives and news of their friends. Tenoch informs Julio that Luisa died of cancer a month after their trip, and that she knew she was ill the whole time that the three were together. Tenoch excuses himself, and they never see each other again.'] ['An aging hippie goes on a road trip in search of his long lost family. He meets up with his son . Together they go off to see America. A majority of Tommy’s real life family have roles; daughter Rae Dawn and wife Shelby both have lines.'] ['Twenty-something Ana, now living in Buenos Aires, returns to her native city of Paraná. She meets old school mates, old friends, makes new ones, and starts to rethink her life, and perhaps changes her future forever.'] [' Pee-wee Herman loves his bike more than anything else in the world and refuses to sell it to his spoiled neighbor Francis Buxton. The bike is stolen while visiting Dottie at a bicycle shop called "Chuck\'s Bikeorama", and Pee-wee visits a psychic named Madame Ruby who tells him that the bike is hidden in the basement of the Alamo Mission in San Antonio, Texas. On the way there, he meets Simone, a waitress at a restaurant with a dream of living in Paris. Her jealous boyfriend Andy thinks Pee-wee and Simone are romantically linked, which results in Andy trying to get Pee-Wee into a fight, but Pee-wee flees into a boxcar on a moving train. Making it to San Antonio, he finds that the Alamo has no basement. Disappointed, Pee-wee visits a bar to use the telephone, but disturbs a biker gang after accidentally knocking over their motorcycles. Fearing they are going to kill him, Pee-wee asks for one last request and dances to "Tequila", winning the respect of the bikers. The bikers give him a motorcycle, but Pee-wee quickly crashes it through an advertisement sign, ending up in the hospital. There, he watches an interview and learns that his bike now belongs to Kevin Morton, a child star who is currently filming a movie with the bike as a prominent plot device. Pee-wee enters Warner Bros. Studios in Burbank, California, disguises himself as a nun, and steals the bike back. In a wild chase scene, he flees from the Warner Bros. security staff through a variety of sets, causing havoc throughout the lot. Various actors and props, including a boat-shaped car, a Santa Claus sleigh, and a man in a Godzilla costume, get swept into the chase. He also interrupts the shooting of a Twisted Sister music video for "Burn in Hell" from Stay Hungry. Using the gadgets on his bike when driving through the set of Tarzan and a western set, Pee-wee manages to evade and fake out the guards and escape the studio. As he blissfully rides away however, Pee-wee discovers a burning pet shop. After heroically saving all the animals, Pee-wee faints on the sidewalk near the store\'s doorstep upon having to carry out the pet snakes just as the fire department and police arrive. Though the fire department considers Pee-wee a hero, the police arrest him. Pee-wee is brought before a Warner Bros. studio executive who offers to buy the rights to Pee-wee\'s story in exchange for dropping all charges. Dottie is summoned into the office, bringing along Pee-Wee\'s beloved bicycle. He attends the premiere at his local drive-in theater, and it turns out to be a James Bond-style action film involving James Brolin and Morgan Fairchild fighting ninjas. Pee-wee has a cameo appearance as a bellhop, with his voice dubbed over. After watching for a few minutes, Pee-wee decides to leave, having already lived the real story. Reunited with his bike, he rides away with Dottie, happily ever after.'] ['Filmmaker Mark Wexler is not going down without a fight. Overwhelmed by the loss of his mother and confronted by his own advancing age, Wexler embarks on a curious, lively, and sometimes troubling worldwide trek to investigate what it really means to live forever. Wexler’s search takes him to the places where people live the longest: from Okinawa, Japan to Iceland. He journeys to Las Vegas to attend a convention for funeral directors, and the Ms. Senior America Pageant. He contemplates a future in cold storage at the Alcor Life Extension Foundation cryonics facility in Arizona. Wexler even receives exercise tips from Jack LaLanne, hormone replacement advice from Suzanne Somers, and promises of eternal life from biogerontologist Aubrey de Grey. But whose advice should he take? Does Buster Martin, a chain-smoking, beer-drinking centenarian marathon-runner have all the answers? What about elder-porn star Shigeo Tokuda? The more Wexler travels into the strange worlds of Laughter Yoga, calorie restriction, and old-fashioned religion, the less sure he becomes of his goal. Can it be that life’s true meaning is found in the humble chili dog? Wexler contrasts unusual characters and philosophies with the insights of health, fitness and life-extension experts in his engaging new documentary. The film challenges our notions of youth and aging with comic poignancy. Begun as a study of prolonging life, How To Live Forever evolves into a fun and provocative examination of life’s deepest mystery.'] ['Eyal is an agent in Mossad, the Israeli security service. He is a hitman who targets enemies of Israel. His wife has recently committed suicide, and the agency decides that he needs to take on a less challenging assignment: to find an aging Nazi war criminal and get him "before God does". In order to track down the old man, Eyal poses as a tour guide and befriends the Nazi\'s adult grandchildren, Axel and Pia. Pia lives on a kibbutz, an Israeli commune. Her brother Axel visits her in order to convince Pia to return to Germany for their father\'s seventieth birthday. It is later revealed that Pia\'s estrangement with her parents began when she discovered that they were hiding her grandfather. She shares this information with Axel. Although he has a job to perform, Eyal truly befriends Axel and Pia. Axel and Pia are decent people who demonstrate that most Germans have gotten beyond the hatred that led to the Holocaust. They spend time together and Eyal enjoys himself, even if he would not openly admit so. His friendship with Axel allows him to display some humanity, letting down his tough-guy machismo. Eyal and Axel even take a mud bath by the Dead Sea, showering off together in the nude afterward. When the three are at dinner one night in a Tel Aviv restaurant, Axel speaks privately to the Palestinian waiter, Rafik, and finds out where the best club in town is. Later that evening, Axel, Pia, and Eyal arrive at the club. Eyal is shocked to discover that it is a gay club. He sees Axel dancing with Rafik and is taken aback. Eyal is initially disgusted and disappointed to discover that Axel is gay. He asks to be removed from the assignment, not attempting to hide his homophobia as the reason. His boss, Menachem, insists that Eyal finish the mission. Eyal visits Germany and comes to realize that Axel\'s orientation is unimportant. During the visit, Eyal defends a group of Axel\'s transsexual friends from attackers and, in doing so, reveals that he is fluent in German. He tells Axel that his parents were German, leaving out that most of the Jews in his mother\'s region of Germany had been killed by Axel\'s grandfather. Later during the visit, Eyal runs into Menachem, whose family was also killed by the grandfather\'s Nazi activities. Axel invites Eyal to his father\'s birthday party. The guests are uncomfortable about Eyal\'s nationality and religion, but still polite. After the cake is brought out, Axel\'s parents surprise the guests by bringing out Axel\'s aged grandfather. Axel angrily confronts his mother and goes to Eyal\'s room, only to find a folder full of information on Axel\'s family. Meanwhile, Eyal meets with Menachem and tells him that they can easily take the grandfather and bring him to Israel to be tried for his war crimes. Menachem reveals that they are the only two on this mission, and the aim is to kill the grandfather. Eyal is clearly conflicted, but takes the case of poisons that Menachem gives him. Eyal arrives at Axel\'s house and enters the grandfather\'s room, unbeknownst to all but Axel. Axel sneaks up behind Eyal and watches as he fills a syringe with poison, doing nothing to intervene. Ultimately, though, Eyal is unable to fulfill the task. He leaves, and Axel tenderly caresses his grandfather\'s face before turning off his oxygen tank, killing him. He goes to Eyal\'s room, where Eyal tells him that the suicide note his wife wrote told him that he kills everything that comes near him. Eyal says that he doesn\'t want to kill anymore and breaks down in Axel\'s arms. The story jumps ahead 2 years. Eyal and Pia are married with a child named Tom and living on the Kibbutz. Eyal and Axel remain good friends.'] ["Peter and Joey drive their 1960 Chevrolet Impala from their home on Cape Breton Island in Nova Scotia to Toronto with the hope of meeting up with their relatives in the city who can find them jobs. But their relatives hide from what they see as the pair's uncouth behaviour, and the two are set adrift in the city. The men find minimum wage jobs at $2 an hour for a 40-hour week, still much better pay than anything they could have found back home. They soon turn their good fortune into residency in a small apartment. Both men start romances, and Joey decides to get married when he gets his girlfriend  pregnant. He pursues a lifestyle undreamt of at home with his new wife, but the larger apartment and payments on his new stereo and television start to strain his finances. He becomes desperate as his child's birth approaches and the expenses start to mount. Disaster strikes when Peter and Joey get laid off at the end of the summer. Unable to find steady work and having bills to pay and a baby on the way, they come up with a harebrained scheme to rob groceries from a Loblaws supermarket, a plan that inevitably results in disaster."] ["It is set in July 2001. Maria Joana and her mother, Rosa Maria  go on a cruise from their home country of Portugal to Bombay, India, to see Rosa's husband who is an airplane pilot. At each port, a new person boards the ship. Catherine Deneuve boards in France, Stefania Sandrelli in Italy, and Irene Papas in Athens. The captain of the ship  invites the three women to dinner at his table, and they all speak in their own languages for the better part of the conversation. Later in the movie, Maria Joana and Rosa Maria are also invited to dinner and the captain presents Maria Joana with a gift. At dinner that night, the captain is informed that there are two time bombs aboard the ship. The passengers are then ordered to evacuate. Maria Joana runs back to her and her mother's cabin to get the gift the captain presented her with earlier that evening. Rosa Maria realizes that Maria Joana is missing, runs to the cabin to find her, and takes her back on deck to board a life raft. Unfortunately, it is too late; all the life rafts have left. The captain sees them on deck and yells for them to jump. As he is struggling to take off his uniform so he can swim to rescue them, there is the sound of two explosions and a bright light lights up the captain's face. The credits are displayed with the face of the captain, lit up from the explosion, in the background."] ['Two friends are driving to Las Vegas to spend the weekend, and one of the men, Lou  who is driving, asks his friend Ryan  if one could get away with killing someone in the middle of nowhere. As they explore Zzyzx road, Lou teases Ryan by almost hitting a pedestrian. As Ryan complains about Lou\'s behavior, Lou doubles back and sets a crash course for the man that they saw on the road. Ryan grabs the wheel in the hopes to stop Lou from hitting the man, but in the end they lose control of the car and hit the man anyway. The man dies, only after whispering the words "Go home" into Lou\'s ear. Lou takes his identification and puts on his watch. Lou and Ryan contemplate what to do next, now that the man has died. As a woman walks up the road towards their car, they grab the body and throw it into the backseat of their car. They talk to the woman, named Candice , to find that she\'s the wife of the man they killed. She invites them into her husband\'s Winnebago, and they drink a few beers. After they converse for a while, we learn a lot about the characters of Lou and Ryan themselves. Lou used to be in the Army, after going to Iraq and coming back, Ryan said he was never the same. Lou consistently derides Ryan, and calls him Mitch because it rhymes with bitch. Ryan is found to be a very introverted person. Lou and Ryan keep an eye on Candice to make sure that she does not find out they killed her husband. They eventually get drunk and they all take narcotics. Eventually Candice and Lou end up making out, while Ryan tries to pull Candice off of Lou. Lou storms out of the trailer after this, as he knows that Candice knows what happened. He throws the keys to the Winnebago into the desert. Candice finds the key to the car that Ryan and Lou drove into the desert, and she tries to steal the car. Much to her dismay, the car is broken. Lou tries to intimidate her out of the car, but he ends up getting stabbed in his cheek by Candice. Ryan, thinking that Lou is to blame for the murder, helps Candice start the car. After Ryan fixes the car, Candice drives off while Ryan is still on the hood of the car, instead of driving off with him. Ryan, in retaliation, breaks the car down by removing wires in the car. In the end, Ryan beats Lou dead with a golf club. He then proceeds to free Candice, and Candice offers to have sex with him in exchange. Afterward Candice gouges out Ryan\'s eyes, and sets him on fire. She finds her husband\'s body and cuts his leg off, revealing that he had $100,000 hidden in a prosthetic leg. Candice walks off into the distance with the leg, after betraying all those around her.'] ['{{Plot}} Jimmy Livingston was born without an immune system and is forced to live in a sterilized dome in his bedroom, earning him the title "Bubble Boy" by his neighbors. Jimmy\'s devout, right-wing, Christian mother only exposes him to Highlights magazine and the Land of the Lost for entertainment. When he is a teenager, a girl named Chloe moves in next door. Jimmy is immediately taken with her, and eventually befriends her despite his mothers\' discouragement. One day, Chloe visits Jimmy and tells him that she is leaving for Niagara Falls to marry her boyfriend, Mark, in three days. Jimmy is upset by this revelation and they separate on bad terms. Later, Jimmy opens a gift Chloe had brought him, a homemade snow globe with the phrase I Love You written in it. Jimmy realizes that Chloe cares for him. Realizing how much he cares for her, Jimmy builds a mobile bubble suit and runs away from home, determined to stop the wedding. On the first day of his journey, he\'s unable to afford a bus ride to Niagara Falls, but is picked up by an overly enthusiastic cult on a pilgrimage towards enlightenment. But after Jimmy unintentionally offends the cult , he is marooned in the desert. By this time, Jimmy\'s mother has discovered her son missing, so she and her husband set off to find Jimmy. While traveling through the desert, Jimmy meets Slim, a biker with a flat tire. Jimmy offers to fix the flat with some patches and the two become friends. Elsewhere, Gil, the leader of the cult Jimmy met, has revealed their messiah is "the round one," and that whoever rejects him will suffer. The group who abandoned Jimmy regret their actions and set off to find him. Jimmy and Slim have traveled to Las Vegas in hopes of scoring enough money to get to Niagara Falls. However, Slim gets caught up in the Vegas life so Jimmy goes on without him. The cult runs into Slim in Vegas while asking for directions. Slim recognizes them from Jimmy\'s story and threatens them, only to have his bike destroyed by the cult bus. Enraged, Slim rallies a gang of bikers to get even. While riding a motor scooter he won in Vegas, Jimmy is recognized by his parents, but veers off the road and boards a train filled with circus freaks and conducted by their "owner," Dr. Phreak. Dr. Phreak finds Jimmy and announces that he\'s keeping him as an attraction of his circus. Jimmy refuses, knocking him unconscious, allowing the circus freaks to escape. Jimmy then wanders into a restaurant where an Indian man is being antagonized by the ignorant townspeople. When Jimmy tries to defend him, the townspeople begin to probe him about his suit, but panic and evacuate the restaurant when they misunderstand his illness. The sheriff locks him in the restaurant and quarantines it, unintentionally setting the building on fire. Luckily, Jimmy is saved by Pushpop, the Ice Cream & Curry truck driver he had defended earlier. He and Jimmy escape the town that now is in flames. Pushpop thanks Jimmy for his earlier kindness and agrees to take him to Niagara Falls. Meanwhile, Jimmy\'s parents have met up with Dr. Phreak, whom Jimmy\'s mother mistakes for a child and brings along with them. Elsewhere in Niagara Falls, Chloe is apprehensive about marrying Mark and can\'t stop thinking of Jimmy. Later, Pushpop accidentally runs over a cow and feels he must atone for his actions, unable to continue the journey. Jimmy sets off on foot and ends up in a small town in Illinois. Here he meets Pappy, a cab driver who agrees to take him to Niagara Falls for $500 dollars. To earn the money Jimmy goes into a Japanese casino nearby and enters a mud wrestling competition with two women for a convenient prize of $500. Jimmy eventually wins, but just as he is about to leave he runs into the cult again. Proclaiming him as their chosen one, they plan on "releasing" Jimmy from his bubble. Luckily, the freaks have followed Jimmy and realizing he\'s in danger, disguise themselves as members of the cult and trick them into believing they\'re mutating for their earlier crimes against Jimmy. During this commotion, Slim and his bikers arrive on the scene. The Bikers, the Freaks, and the Cult all begin fighting to "save" Jimmy in their own ways. In the confusion, Jimmy escapes in the Taxi. On the last day of his journey, Pappy and Jimmy have now arrived in New York, but Pappy is unresponsive, having apparently died behind the wheel overnight, forcing Jimmy to abandon the moving taxi before it crashes. Jimmy tries to call Chloe to tell her of his success, only to reach her fiancé Mark, who rudely convinces him that Chloe doesn\'t really love him. Jimmy becomes depressed at this assumed rejection and calls Dr. Phreak, ready to assume his role as a freak like the others. However, his parents overhear Dr. Phreak\'s conversation, and upon learning his location, dump Dr. Phreak out of their  car and rush to retrieve him. When his parents pick him up, Jimmy and his father are sitting alone in the car. His father  regrets that Jimmy is giving up when he is so close. Jimmy\'s father then looks the other way while Jimmy escapes to finish his mission. Upon his mother discovering this, they begin chasing him down in the car, but a biplane swoops down out of nowhere and picks Jimmy up. The pilot is Pappy\'s Brother, Pippy. Finally, Jimmy reaches Niagara Falls but falls out of the plane and into the Falls itself. Jimmy manages to escape the water and arrives just in time to stop the wedding. He then removes his bubble suit, allowing him to touch the girl he loves for the first time. Upon kissing her, Jimmy collapses and presumably dies in front of everyone in the church, as well as all the people who have been chasing after him  Jimmy\'s mother then  confesses that Jimmy had developed an immune system when he was four, revealing that he is not actually dead at all and Jimmy\'s perfectly fine, health-wise. Mrs. Livingston had hidden this fact from Jimmy to protect him from the "corrupting" world. Jimmy forgives her and resumes kissing Chloe. Finally, Jimmy and Chloe are married with all of Jimmy\'s new friends in attendance. Jimmy\'s mom  rides off with Slim and Jimmy\'s father. Pushpop has become the new leader of the former cult who are apparently now followers of Hinduism. Dr. Phreak has befriended his band of freaks. Pippy and Pappy , drive off with Jimmy and Chloe to their honeymoon.'] ['The two lead characters appear as the robotic forms of Daft Punk and are credited as "Hero Robot No. 1" and "Hero Robot No. 2". One wears a silver helmet and the other wears a golden one. An opening scene shows the duo driving in a 1987 Ferrari 412 with its license plate displaying "HUMAN". After passing through a Southwestern United States landscape, the duo arrives by car at a town in Inyo County, California. The town\'s denizens are also shown to be robots physically identical to the two main characters, but at different ages, with different clothing and alternating gender. The pair drive to a high-tech facility where liquid latex is poured over their heads. The latex is shaped into human-like faces with the aid of prosthetic appliances and wigs. When the two leave the facility, the locals of the town are shocked by their human appearance. The duo\'s faces eventually melt in the sun as the townsfolk chase them. The two take cover in a public restroom where the gold robot discards his ruined mask, then encourages the reluctant silver robot to do the same. Again appearing as robots, the pair then undergo a lengthy hike across desert salt flats. After walking for a while, the silver robot removes its jacket and reveals a switch on its back. The gold robot flips the switch, which begins a timer. When the countdown ends, the silver robot is blown to pieces. The remaining robot piles the remains of the silver robot, then continues to walk. The gold robot eventually falls to its knees and attempts to reach the switch on its own back, but to no avail. The robot removes its helmet and repeatedly slams it into the ground until the helmet shatters. Using one of the shards as a burning-glass, the robot focuses the sunlight to set its hand ablaze. The film ends as the robot, completely on fire, walks in slow motion through darkness.'] ["Badlands is narrated by Holly , a teenage girl living in a dead-end South Dakota town. One day she meets Kit , a rebellious young greaser who charms her and takes her as his accomplice on a cross-country killing spree. Holly's narration, describing her adventures with Kit with romantic clichés, is juxtaposed with the grim reality of Kit's sociopathic actions. The two are eventually arrested; Kit is executed for his crimes, while Holly receives probation."] ["Having just served five years in prison for a crime he did not commit, Billy Brown  kidnaps a young tap dancer named Layla  and forces her to pretend to be his wife. Layla allows herself to be kidnapped and it is clear she is romantically attracted to Billy from the start, but Billy all the while is compelled to deal with his own demons, his loneliness and his depression. The subplot of Billy seeking revenge on the man indirectly responsible for his imprisonment, Scott Wood, is a reference to a former Buffalo Bills kicker, Scott Norwood, who missed the game-winning field goal in Super Bowl XXV against the New York Giants in 1991.It's Super Bowl loser Norwood's unlucky number. Here's why... Gary Imlach, The Guardian, January 7, 2007."] ['An Indonesian fishing boat abandons a group of Iraqi and Cambodian men on a remote part of the Western Australian coast in 1990. Told there is a bus over the dunes, the men are abandoned to a desert the size of Poland. While most are quickly rounded up, three men with little in common but their history of misfortune elude capture and begin an epic but confused journey drawn on by their hopes amplified by the empty desert. Pursued by an army reservist unit more concerned with playing ball sports and music, the three protagonists wander deeper into trouble, searching desperately among the harsh beauty of the Pilbara for evidence of a Western, liberal democracy or the promised bus, which only one of them finds.'] ["Mory, a cowherd who drives a motorcycle mounted with a cow's skull, and Anta, a student, met in Dakar. Alienated and tired of Senegal, they dream of going to Paris and come up with different schemes to raise the money. Finally, Mory steals money and clothing from a wealthy homosexual who takes him to his home. Anta and he can finally buy tickets for the ship to France."] ['After entering a local "drag queen of the year" contest in New York City, Noxeema Jackson  and Vida Boheme  win a trip to Hollywood to take part in an even bigger, national drag queen contest. Before they depart, Vida persuades Noxeema to take along the inexperienced \'drag princess\' Chi-Chi Rodriguez  as their protégé . To do this, they trade in their airplane tickets for cash and buy a stylish but old Cadillac convertible with money given to them by John Jacob Jingleheimer Schmidt . The three of them set off for Los Angeles by car, carrying with them an iconic photo of Julie Newmar  that Vida purloined from a restaurant wall. While on the road they are pulled over by the racist, homophobic Sheriff Dollard , who tries to force himself onto Vida. He discovers Vida is not biologically female and, in the commotion, Dollard falls backwards and is knocked unconscious. The trio think he is dead, and they hurry off and leave him behind. As they recover from the incident at a rest stop, their car breaks down. A young man, Bobby Ray  from the nearby small town of Snydersville, happens by and gives them a ride, where they take refuge in a bed and breakfast owned by Carol Ann  and her abusive car repairman husband, Virgil . The drag queens become stranded in the town for the weekend as they wait for the replacement part for their car to arrive. While there, they are confronted by the town\'s small-mindedness, though it focuses not on their Genderqueer identities, but rather on their status as females, which addresses the social difficulties faced by those who are not white heterosexual males. Chi-Chi is harassed by a group of roughnecks, but is saved by Bobby Ray. The drag queens are ecstatic to find vintage fashions from the 1960s in the town\'s clothing store and give the town\'s female residents  a make-over. Following their make-over, the group is abused by the same roughnecks that attempted to attack Chi-Chi. Fed up, Noxeema handles the situation in a typically New York manner and teaches their ringleader a lesson in manners. Vida, Noxeema, and Chi-Chi do what they can to be positive, and they set out to improve the lives of the townspeople, including offering assistance in organizing the annual "Strawberry Social" event. Meanwhile, Sheriff Dollard is ridiculed by his colleagues, who believe he was beat up by a girl. He goes in search of the drag queens. Vida, meanwhile, becomes acutely aware of Carol Ann\'s abuse at the hands of her husband Virgil and, shortly thereafter, the three queens overhear Virgil giving Carol Ann another beating. Vida decides to intervene and beats up Virgil before throwing him out of the house. The next day, Virgil runs into Sheriff Dollard at a bar and the two realize that the newcomers to town are the same people Dollard has been searching for. They head back to Snydersville, and Dollard demands that the townspeople turn over the drag queens. However, the townspeople, who now realize the biological gender of their new friends, begin to protect them. One by one they step up and confront Dollard, each one claiming to be a drag queen (in similar fashion as in the film [[Spartacus . Dollard is humiliated and flees. The Strawberry Social commences with everyone dressed in vibrant red outfits for the party. Shortly after, Carol Ann repairs their car and the three queens are finally able to leave Snydersville, though they are now slightly saddened to leave behind their new friends. Carol Ann reveals to Vida that she knew Vida was a drag queen all along due to her Adam\'s Apple, which cisgender women do not have. In honor of their friendship, Vida gives Carol Ann the photo of Julie Newmar that has accompanied the queens on their trip. The trio eventually makes it to Los Angeles where Chi-Chi, after having received many tips from Vida and Noxeema during their ordeal, wins the title of Drag Queen of the Year. Fittingly, the crown is presented by Julie Newmar herself.'] ["25-year-old Gypsy Vale  and 18-year-old Clive Webb  are two goths living in Sandusky, Ohio. Gypsy's parents, Ray ([[John Doe  and Velvet , once were in a band together, and Gypsy now aspires to be a famous singer, like her idol, Stevie Nicks. She is hesitant, because of the disappearance of her mother, to leave her father alone in Sandusky to pursue her dreams. While checking updates on a Stevie Nicks fansite, Clive discovers the Night of a Thousand Stevies event in New York. After a long and heated discussion with Gypsy, she reveals that her mother didn't just disappear, or die: she left to follow her dream of becoming a famous singer. Despite this, Clive finally convinces Gypsy to go to New York. Along the way, Gypsy and Clive encounter a diverse host of characters and obstacles. They miss the auditions for the Night of a Thousand Stevies, and Gypsy learns that her mother committed suicide four years earlier. The sympathetic Mistress of Ceremonies, also her mother's best friend when she was in New York, allows Gypsy to perform a song she wrote for her mother at the end of the show. In the end, Gypsy stays in New York to pursue her musical aspirations like her mother, and Clive returns to Sandusky to finish high school but plans to come back to New York after he graduates."] ['The film is a harrowing coming of age tale about a young woman who flees her poor New Hampshire hometown life to follow her wealthier and socially accepted friend down to college life in Florida. But her car breaks down on the highway under mysterious circumstances and a middle-aged "snowbird" couple in an RV come to her rescue, offering a ride all the way south. Before too long we\'re wondering if it wasn\'t the seemingly good Samaritans who sabotaged her car in the first place. What Alice Found is a complex story about mothers and daughters and the "haves and have-nots" in American society as Alice is turned into a truck stop prostitute.'] ['The film concerns the relationships between men, women, brothers, mothers, fathers and friends. The central idea of the film is that one brother discovers on eBay a replica of a lounge chair that was used by his father long ago. The resulting road trip to pick up and deliver the chair as a birthday present for the father takes interesting twists as it goes on.'] ['Three women, of different backgrounds, are on their way to prison to pay a visit to their men on independence day. As the story progresses, this journey becomes a quest for their own independence.'] ['Wanda, after a string of abusive relationships, abandons her family and seeks solace in the company of a petty criminal ([[Michael Higgins .'] ['In 1937, Ulysses Everett McGill , Pete Hogwallop , and Delmar O\'Donnell  escape from a chain gang at Parchman Farm and set out to retrieve the $1.2 million in treasure that Everett claims to have stolen from an armored car and buried before his incarceration. They have only four days to find it before the valley in which it is hidden will be flooded to create Arkabutla Lake as part of a new hydroelectric project. Early in their escape, while still chained together, they try to jump onto a moving train with some hobos, but fall off due to Pete\'s inability to get on. They then encounter a blind man  traveling on a manual railroad car. They hitch a ride, and he foretells their futures. They "seek a great fortune" and they will "find a fortune, though it will not be the one they seek". They will also see many wonders on their journey, including a "cow on the roof of a cotton house". They walk to Pete\'s cousin\'s house, Wash Hogwallop , who removes their chains, but, because he needs the money, he then turns them in to the police, led by Sheriff Cooley . The authorities set the barn they are sleeping in ablaze, but the trio quickly escapes with the help of Wash\'s son. When they pass a congregation on the banks of a river, Pete and Delmar are enticed by the idea of baptism, to the immense derision of the skeptical Everett. As the journey continues, they travel briefly with a young guitarist named Tommy Johnson . When asked why he was at a crossroad in the middle of nowhere, he reveals that he sold his soul to the devil in exchange for the ability to play the guitar. Tommy describes the devil as being "White, as white as you folks ... with empty eyes and a big hollow voice. He love to travel around with a mean old hound". This description matches Sheriff Cooley. The four of them come across a radio station run by a blind man , and record the song "Man of Constant Sorrow", calling themselves the Soggy Bottom Boys. Unknown to them, the song becomes famous around the state. The trio part ways with Tommy after their car is discovered by police, and they continue on their own. Among their many encounters, the most notable are a bank robbery with the famous bank robber George Nelson , a run-in with three sirens who seduce and drug them, and a mugging by a one-eyed Bible salesman named Big Dan Teague . Everett and Delmar arrive in Everett’s home town only to find that Everett\'s wife, Penny , is engaged to Vernon T. Waldrip , campaign manager for gubernatorial candidate Homer Stokes . She refuses to take Everett back and is so ashamed of him that she has been telling their daughters he was killed by a train. While watching a film in a cinema, Everett and Delmar discover that Pete is still alive, the sirens having turned him in to collect the bounty on his head. After Everett and Delmar rescue him from jail, Pete tells them that he gave up the location of the treasure. Everett reveals that he was in prison for practicing law without a license and that there was never any treasure; he only mentioned it to persuade the other men to escape so he could reconcile with his wife. Pete is outraged at this news, primarily because he only had two weeks left on his original sentence, which has now been extended 50 years in light of his escape. The trio stumble upon a Ku Klux Klan rally, where Tommy is about to be lynched. The three disguise themselves as the color guard and attempt a rescue, but Big Dan reveals their identities, and chaos ensues, in which the Grand Wizard is revealed to be Stokes. The trio flee the scene with Tommy cutting the wires supporting a large burning cross, which falls on and incinerates some of the Klansmen . Everett convinces Pete, Delmar, and Tommy to help him win his wife back. Disguised as musicians, they sneak into a Stokes campaign dinner that she is attending. Everett tries to convince his wife that he is "bona fide", but she brushes him off. The group begins an impromptu musical performance, during which the crowd recognizes them as the Soggy Bottom Boys and goes wild. Stokes, on the other hand, recognizes them as the group who disgraced his lynch mob and shouts for the music to stop, angering the crowd. He denounces the Soggy Bottom Boys as hostile to the social order, but the crowd is unimpressed and runs him out of town on a rail. Pappy O\'Daniel , the sitting governor, seizes the opportunity and endorses the Soggy Bottom Boys, granting them a full pardon while the event is being played on the radio. Penny accepts Everett back, but she demands that he find her original ring if they are to be married. As they leave the dinner, they run into a mob taking a jubilant George Nelson to jail. Delmar comments, "Looks like George is right back on top again". The group sets out with Tommy to retrieve the ring, which is at a cabin in the valley that Everett originally claimed to have hidden the treasure in. When they arrive, the police order their arrest and hanging. Everett protests, stating that they had been pardoned on the radio, but Sheriff Cooley ignores their pleas, responding that where he comes from, "[they] don’t have a radio". The three begin to despair while Everett improvises a prayer to be saved. Suddenly, the valley is flooded and they are saved from hanging. Using their coffins as rafts, Pete and Delmar jubilantly praise God, while Everett dismisses the incident as luck. He pipes down, though, as a cow floats by on top of a submerged cotton house. Tommy finds the ring in a desk that he is floating on in the new lake, and they return to town. Everett and Penny walk through town with their daughters in tow, singing. Everett presents the ring to Penny, who promptly states that it is the wrong one and demands her ring back. As Everett protests the futility of trying to find it at the bottom of the lake, the blind man rolls by on his railway handcar, his voice joining those of the girls in song.'] ["In Broome in 1965, William 'Willie' Johnson is having trouble wooing his girl Rosie, who ends up with another man. His mother sends him back to boarding school  to continue his education for the priesthood. One night, he and several others steal food from the college kitchen but are caught. Willie admits to being the thief, but runs away before he can be punished. He spends the night on the streets of Perth before meeting up with 'Uncle' Tadpole, who offers to help him get home. They go to Fremantle where Tadpole allows himself to be run over by a Kombi van, hoping that the two hippies inside will help him. Not realising how far it will be to Broome, the hippies, 'Slippery' the German and Annie his girlfriend, agree to drive them. Father Benedictus, head of the College, has seen Willie's potential and determines to locate him; through Tadpole's homeless friends he learns that Willie is heading to Broome. The travellers drive north, stopping at a roadhouse where Willie meets the tarty 'Roadhouse Betty'. Tadpole steals some food, a bottle of wine and an audio tape, nearly causing them to get shot by Betty, but they manage to escape. Slippery becomes disillusioned, and leaves Willie and Tadpole behind in the middle of nowhere; Tadpole curses the hippies by pointing a bone, and the van promptly breaks down. Willie then gets a ride with a passing truck carrying the members of a football team. They end up in Port Hedland where he meets flirty Roxanne, who takes him to the 'condom tree' and offers to 'show him a good time'. But her boyfriend turns up and a fight ensues. Willie is rescued by Tadpole, who says that all young men end up there at some point. Next morning, they are driving along a desert road when a hung-over Roxanne emerges from the back seat, startling everyone. While smoking some pot, they are discovered by police and arrested, despite Annie's attempts at stopping the police from arresting them. At the police station, Slippery reveals that his real name is Wolfgang Benedictus. The police then put them in a jail cell for a night. They are released next morning, and drive on to Broome, where they go to the bar where Rosie is performing. Willie tries to win her back, but ends up in a fight with her new boyfriend Lester, only to be disrupted by a church temperance march, which invites everyone to the beach to testify. Willie tells Rosie he loves her, and they kiss. At the beach, Willie's mother reveals that she had a son to another man, who turns out to be Father Benedictus. Wolfgang is their son. Tadpole is spotted by Willie's mother, and she tells Willie that he is Tadpole's son."] ["Grizzled North Dakota rancher Stoney  heads to the big city to see his daughter and winds up bonding with the grandson he never knew in this heartwarming tale. Stoney's city-bred grandson, Charles , tricks him into getting help for a serious health issue. But with the aid of his rancher pal , Stoney escapes the hospital -- with Charles in tow -- for what becomes a life-altering adventure as Charles discovers his family roots and what it means to be a “wooly boy” ."] ['Six-String Samurai is set in an alternate history America, in which Soviet Union attacked the U.S. with nuclear weapons in 1957, making most of the country an inhospitable desert. The government has entirely collapsed, except for the Kingdom of Elvis, who rules from "Lost Vegas" to California. The Red Army has been besieging Vegas, but the lack of supplies  from the Soviet Union has caused them to degenerate into just another gang. As the movie begins, Elvis has died and a radio disc jockey Keith Mortimer announces a call for all musicians to come to Lost Vegas to try to become the new King of Rock\'n\'Roll. Buddy, implied to be the rock \'n roll legend Buddy Holly , is one of the musicians converging on Lost Vegas. Early on, he finds himself having to take care of a kid named "Kid" . While Buddy resents having to look after the Kid, the Kid turns out to be a good ally. Buddy runs into a lot of different groups, including a zombie-like, cannibalistic suburban family, \'windmill people\' who are dressed like astronauts and filthy tribals that make up most of the population. He also combats many foes, including a samurai, a bowling team of bounty-hunters, a Russian surf band , and the Russian army. Throughout his journey, Buddy is stalked by his greatest foe: a sinister Slash look-alike who is the personification of the Grim Reaper, and his grungy group of guitarists/archers; Death\'s goal is to eliminate all the King-wannabes and the conquest of Vegas.'] ['Luke is a restless and reckless drifter and Jon is a relatively timid and pessimistic movie critic. Both are gay and HIV positive. After an unconventional meeting, and after Luke kills a homophobic police officer, they go on a road trip with the motto "Fuck everything."'] ['Wyatt Trips  is a student at Twin Cities College, Minneapolis, Minnesota. He is in a long-distance relationship with his high school girlfriend, Kimberly Jasney , who is currently a student at the University of Memphis. Trips loves Kim, even though they have never consummated their relationship. One day when Trips calls Kim, her roommate\'s reply leads him to believe that Kim is cheating on him with some guy named "The Ricker". Heartbroken, he goes to a strip club, gets drunk and becomes acquainted with one of the club\'s dancers, Ivy Miller . She suggests to Trips that he get back at Kim by sending her an abusive letter and a topless picture of himself with Ivy. Trips complies by sending the package through Global Express, an overnight delivery service. The next morning, Trips discovers that "The Ricker" is, in fact, Kim\'s girlfriend\'s dog whom Kim had to dogsit. Regretting his mistake, he realizes he has 24 hours to retrieve the package before it gets to her. Trips and Ivy go to the Global Express office where, by chance, they encounter a spiteful classmate of Trips\'  who refuses to help them. Trips tries to talk the deliveryman  into giving him the package, but he thinks Trips is a spy for the company, and refuses to break the rules. Trips buys an air ticket to Memphis, but his co-passenger turns out to be a serial killer, John Dwayne Beezly , who takes him hostage. Trips escapes and runs into Ivy on the road. Fearing that if he went back to the airport, FBI would question him and he would not make it to Memphis in time, he begs Ivy to drive him all the way. They happen upon the Global Express delivery truck at a gas station. Trips breaks into the truck and locates the package, but the truck unexpectedly drives off. Ivy gives chase but despite their efforts they fail to retrieve the package. At their next stop, Des Moines, Iowa, airport officials do not allow Trips to board the connecting flight. So they decide to travel to St. Louis, Missouri to board another connecting flight. En route to St. Louis they have an argument which leads to an accident which ends up with their vehicle falling into the river. They have dinner in a cowboy diner and then try to run out on the check, but get arrested. After posting bail, they are let off and once again happen upon the delivery truck outside a diner. While the deliveryman is having dinner, Trips decides to empty the truck\'s gas tank in order to stall him, but a carelessly flung cigarette butt sets fire to the gas and causes the truck to explode. But even that doesn\'t stop the deliveryman  and he drives off. Trips and Ivy then steal a drunk\'s car and drive to Kim\'s campus. After saying goodbye to Ivy, Trips gives chase to the delivery man and stops him in time. But after meeting Kim, Trips suddenly realizes that he loves Ivy and not Kim. After breaking up with her, he runs into another guy who is wearing the same kind of locket that Kim gifted to him long back. Trips correctly surmises that the guy is none other than "The Ricker" and Kim was cheating on him after all. He allows the delivery man to deliver the package, and confesses his love to Ivy, who kisses him passionately.'] ["Eighteen years after seeing their mother overdose in a seedy Hollywood motel room, a pair of permanently warped siblings attempts to fulfill their mother's dying wish that they both become world class ventriloquists. The son hasn't said a word since the day he watched his mother die, and daughter is determined to make it to Las Vegas by whatever means possible. They both come from a long line of talented ventriloquists, but these days the balance of power has shifted in the dummy's favor. Now, as these twisted siblings embark on a murderous desert rampage, it's plain to see who's really in control here."] ["Set on the bleak motorways of Lancashire, Butterfly Kiss tells the story of Eunice , a lesbian serial killer, and Miriam , a naive, innocent and lonely young girl who falls under her spell. Miriam runs away from home and meets Eunice, who soon completely dominates her, leading her into sex and murder. At a truckstop, Eunice first offers the unwilling Miriam to a trucker for sex, then rescues her in mid-rape by murdering the driver. When the hitchhiking duo are picked up by another licentious male, Miriam returns to their motel room to find Eunice and their benefactor having rough sex in the shower. Mistaking the consensual sex with the rape from which Eunice earlier rescued her, Miriam returns the favor by beating their benefactor to death with the hand-held showerhead, to Eunice's delight. Eunice finally brings Miriam to the ocean, where she has Miriam assist her in a watery suicide. Miriam is arrested and ends up in an insane asylum, still innocently unaware of the gravity of her offenses."] ["Old Joy tells the story of two friends, Kurt  and Mark , as they reunite for a weekend camping trip in the Cascade mountain range and Bagby Hot Springs, east of Portland, Oregon. The film is a story of friendship, loss and alienation. For Mark, the weekend outing offers a respite from the pressure of his imminent fatherhood; for Kurt, it is another chapter in a life lived on the edge--of maturity, and poverty. Tagging along for the ride is Lucy, Mark's mixed breed dog , who simply enjoys the adventure, and is not burdened with the regrets of her two human companions."] ['Prior to Christmas break, a young woman Emily Blunt  accepts the idea from a cell phone texting session to use the campus "Ride Share" program as an alternative to riding the bus back home to Delaware. Finding a posting on a bulletin board, she catches a ride home from a stranger, Ashton Holmes . She arrives late to her ride, finding guy sleeping in his car, an old American sedan. As he pops the trunk of the car for her couple suitcases, his trunk is revealed to be overloaded with his personal belongings. He explains that he has just been "kicked out of my apartment." While he warms up the car, she rearranges his trunk to find room for her suitcase. To make room, she pulls out a random bag of his stuff from the trunk and as they drive away, the over-sized shopping bag is seen sitting in the empty parking lot. The girl\'s anti-social behavior is made clear as she selfishly carries on a cell phone conversation. Finally noticing the pained look on her driver\'s face, she hangs up her phone. He explains to her the "rules" of ride sharing, they share half the expenses and it\'s her responsibility to keep up a conversation while they drive. The conversation is very stilted between mismatched pair: the anti-social, loner chick and the square Catholic High School graduate driver who is majoring philosophy. Guy reveals they shared a class together. Girl says it was a huge class and she never noticed him. Guy asks about her glasses, "Did you have Lasik surgery?" Girl is surprised that he knows about her glasses since she only wears them in her dorm room. An awkward pause is filled with the guy changing the subject. As she paints her toenails, ignoring him, they drive alone the open highway. An on screen clock shows they have been on the road for a couple of hours. She asks him to keep an eye out for a gas station, saying she needs a bathroom break. At the filling station, she doesn\'t want to get out of the car because the polish on her nails hasn\'t yet dried. He offers to carry her into the station, which, despite her protests, he does. While the guy talks to the attendant, Darren Moore, the girl finds the bathroom, which is dirty and in poor repair. After doing her business, she washes her hands only to discover the blow dryer doesn\'t work. After wiping her hand on her pants, she finds she cannot open the bathroom door. It is apparently locked. She begins pounding on the door for help, and though she had walked past several people in the diner section of the filling station, no one comes to help her. Eventually, she frees herself . She finds the guy still chatting up the clerk behind the counter. She is furious that he didn\'t come to her aid. He assures her they didn\'t hear her cries for help, though she says she could hear them talking. As they leave the filling station, the guy verifies his directions with the clerk, as if he is lost and doesn\'t know where he is going. The girl calls him on it, but he assures her he is not lost. Soon after they resume their trip, he takes a side road listed as Route 606. The snow covered road is reduced to one lane and his older car slips and slides on the packed snow. Despite her protests that they immediately turn back to the freeway, he continues saying "this is a shortcut and we will be back on the freeway in no time." As night falls, an on-coming car approaches them at high speed in a game of chicken. They swerve to avoid it, colliding into a snow bank. A radio news report warns that an incoming storm will bring snow and temperatures down to 30 degrees below zero. As they fight the falling temperatures, they begin to see people outside of their car, from ghostly priests to other manifestations of lost souls. Before they understand that they are spirits, the girl tries to touch one. Her hand is burned. The spirit turns to show that he, too, is a victim of fire. Bit by bit, details come out of the guy\'s longing for her. How he had texted her the suggestion to use the Ride Share program and posted his number for her to find. How he took the scenic route in hopes of creating a romantic memory. It also comes out that the bag she left behind was a bag of food he had bought for their trip. They think help has arrived when a Pennsylvania Highway Patrol Officer, Martin Donovan, knocks on their window. Oddly, he doesn\'t seem to understand their predicament, choosing instead to believe they were parking. Taking the girl from the car, he tries to get her into the back of his car. When it becomes clear to her that he means her harm, she struggles to get away, but cannot. The guy appears behind the officer, welding a tire iron, and beats him across the head, rescuing her. The highway patrol officer was a spirit and the most menacing one of them all. The spirits turn out to be spectres remaining who were victims of the rogue cop who would lure his victims to this deserted stretch of road and kill them, including four monks who witnessed his crimes. They learn of it from an article in a newspaper they are using for insulation against a car window. As the night progresses, during occasional fitful naps, the crimes of the rogue cop are re-enacted with the girl as part of them. As the night progresses, it is revealed that the guy has sustained greater injuries from the accident than he had let on. In a desperate attempt to get help, the girl comes up with the idea of climbing a nearby telephone pole, tapping into the line with the phone from the guy\'s household belongings, and calling for help. While it is unclear if she is 100% successful , she does make her call and returns to the car to find her traveling companion has died. Defeat settles in as she tries to figure out what to do. For reasons that are not made clear, she pulls him from the car. Perhaps she is planning on dragging him to help, when a pair of headlights show up. It is a tow truck operator, Ned Bellamy, responding to her 911 call. He loads the body of her dead friend into the back of his cab and they begin driving to safety. The tow truck driver fills in the blanks about the story of how people have been dying along that particular stretch of road since the 50\'s when the rogue cop was killing them. But even after he was killed, the string of deaths continued, including people inexplicably freezing to death in the cars. It\'s clear this girl has narrowly escaped a very close call with death when the same car that chased her and her traveling companion off the narrow road in the first place shows up again, this time driving the tow truck driver off the road, too. After the tow truck rolls and crashes, the girl and its driver are shaken up, but still alive. The tow truck driver insists on seeing about the other driver. At the bottom of a ravine, he sees a burning wreck. It is clearly the burning wreckage from the 50\'s of the rogue cop car. As the tow driver shimmies down into the ravine, the girl chases him, yelling for him to stop. The rogue cop is pinned inside his upside down car which is on fire. The priests show up, but rather than pull him from the wreckage, they pull the microphone for his radio from his car, preventing him from calling for help. The car becomes engulfed in flames. The rogue cop crawls out of the burning wreckage, attacking the stunned tow truck driver. As the spirit of the cop touches the tow truck driver, he instantly freezes. The girl scrambles away, back into the damaged tow truck, attempting to start it and failing while the spirit cop reaches her and tries to attack her. That\'s when the spirit of her Ride Share driver appears, once more defeating the rogue cop\'s spirit. The girl climbs from the car, seeing the ghost of driver standing in the woods. He apologizes and says he would have explained everything to her if they had had more time. She accepts his good intentions and then follows him through the woods. They pass through the cabin where the priests/monks once lived  and various other signs of the carnage created through the years by the rogue cop until they eventually reach the service station where they had stopped hours ago for fuel and a bathroom break.'] ['A man walks a length of railroad track, looking for his elderly mother whom he believes fell from the train at some point. He brings his daughter along.'] ['Doug Madsen , Woody Stevens , Bobby Davis , and Dudley Frank  are four middle-aged suburban men living in a Cincinnati area suburb who find themselves frustrated with the pace of daily life and lack of adventure. Doug is a dentist who has trouble relating to his son Billy , Dudley is a single computer programmer who is afraid to talk to women. Bobby is a henpecked plumber whose wife has made him return to work after having taken a year off to unsuccessfully write a book, and Woody is a rich lawyer married to a supermodel. When Woody finds out his wife is divorcing him and leaving him bankrupt, he suggests a motorcycle road trip to California to the others. Dudley eagerly signs on, while Bobby lies to his wife about having to go to a plumber\'s convention out of town. Meanwhile, Doug is reluctant to leave work, but when his wife agrees that he should stay home because of his age, he becomes upset and suffers what his doctor calls a "catecholamine-induced supra-ventricular tachyarrhythmia" . This prompts Doug\'s wife to convince him to go on the trip. Calling themselves the "Wild Hogs," the foursome encounter several misadventures during the first couple days of their ride, including Dudley accidentally burning their tent, two encounters with a gay highway patrolman, and an awkward moment at a lake when the foursome are skinny dipping and inadvertently frighten off a family who had planned to picnic and swim at the lake. The men then stop at a roadside bar, where they meet the Del Fuego gang, headed by the tough biker Jack . Jack calls the Wild Hogs "posers" and has his gang take Dudley\'s bike, forcing the men to leave with Dudley in a sidecar attached to Woody\'s bike. Upset and humiliated by what just happened, Woody tries to convince the others to go back and get Dudley\'s bike. The others refuse, so Woody sneaks back alone, cuts the fuel lines of the other bikes, and retrieves Dudley\'s bike. Woody tells the others that he threatened to sue the Del Fuegos if they didn\'t give him Dudley\'s bike. When the Del Fuegos hear the Wild Hogs riding back past the bar, they try to pursue them, only for the bikes to stall. Jack accidentally drops his lit cigarette onto a line of fluid from where Woody cut the gas lines of the bikes, causing a chain reaction that blows up the bar. Woody sees the bar explosion in his rear-view mirror, panics and convinces the others to keep riding instead of filling up at a nearby gas station, not realizing the next station isn\'t for another 200 miles. The Wild Hogs run out of gas and end up in Madrid, New Mexico, where they stumble into a diner and help themselves to water and beer without first paying for the beer. As a result, the townspeople first mistake them for the Del Fuego gang. When the Wild Hogs explain their actions, they learn that the Del Fuegos have been terrorizing the town regularly, while the local police force, which has very little training and no guns, can\'t do anything to protect the town. Although Woody is still antsy about the Del Fuegos, the others convince him to stay in the town overnight. During their stay in the town, Dudley falls in love with Maggie , the diner\'s owner, while two Del Fuegos spot the foursome and report their location to Jack. Jack tells his scouts not to hurt the Wild Hogs until he gets there. The Wild Hogs confront the scouts and, believing Woody\'s story, get the scouts to leave and are hailed as heroes. The next day, a still-uneasy Woody finally convinces the others to leave, but then the entire Del Fuego gang shows up. Jack threatens to wreak havoc on the town unless the Wild Hogs pay for the damage to the bar. Woody admits what he really did to get Dudley\'s bike back as well as the real reason for the trip. Jack takes over Maggie\'s diner, but when he threatens to burn it, Dudley confronts them and is captured. The others join Dudley but are repeatedly beaten down. The townspeople band together to confront the Del Fuegos, but just then Damien Blade , Jack\'s father and the founder of the Del Fuegos, arrives and orders the gang to back off. Blade berates Jack for letting four "posers" hold off an entire biker gang, questioning aloud just which side was the "posers," and saying that the bar was merely an insurance scam. Blade tells the Del Fuegos to leave town, and ride the open road until they remember what riding is really about, mentioning as he leaves that Jack "takes after his mother." Doug and Bobby\'s wives arrive, and Doug reconciles with his son. Bobby\'s wife orders him to return with her, but he refuses, finally standing up to her and convincing her to let him finish the ride. The Wild Hogs leave, reaching California, and in a scene similar to one at the beginning of the movie, Dudley becomes distracted and nearly loses control of his bike. This time, however, he keeps control, while the others, in an ironic twist, crash into a tandem surfboard. In the end credits, it is revealed that the Wild Hogs had called Extreme Makeover: Home Edition to give the Del Fuegos a new bar to call home. While most of the bike gang is ecstatic and grateful for their new home, Jack is shown only crying and not saying anything, most likely out of joy.'] ['{{Plot}} The movie begins with Eugene  and his best friend Tucker  as kids. They sneak into the bedroom closet of Eugene\'s brother, as he recently acquired a valuable Michael Jordan rookie card. Upon opening the box the card was in, Tucker notices that Eugene\'s brother has an issue of Playboy. Tucker opens the magazine, instantly becoming obsessed with it. Three weeks later, Tucker\'s demeanor has changed to that of a hormone driven teenager, despite that he is only 8 years old. Fast forward ten years later, Eugene  and Tucker  are seniors in high school. Tucker is still a huge fan of the Playboy franchise, while Eugene and his girlfriend of two years, Cindi Whitehall  are public speakers on the subject of abstinence for younger teens. Despite this, in reality, Cindi has other plans, stating that since they have been together for two years, if she is not Eugene\'s first then they have big problems. They decide to go through with it at the after prom party that Tucker had invited them to. On the day of prom, Tucker tells Eugene that he has the limo booked, which when pulls up, has already picked up Tucker\'s high school drop-out friend, Phil, who now goes by the MC name of Horsedick.MPEG ([[Craig Robinson . At the After Prom party, Cindi goes upstairs to prepare, while Tucker takes Eugene into the kitchen and gives him several shots of hard alcohol. As Eugene leaves to go upstairs to meet Cindi, he walks through the wrong door, and falls down the steps into the basement. He is hurt so bad, that he falls into a coma for four years. After Tucker wakes Eugene with a baseball bat, he tells him that Cindi stuck around for a little while, but disappeared shortly thereafter because Eugene was "a vegetable." Tucker left Eugene to continue his recovery as Tucker went to work. He came back later to visit Eugene again with the newest edition of Playboy. While discussing where Cindi had vanished to, Tucker happened to stumble across a centerfold in his new issue of none other than Cindi. Tucker devises a plan to go cross country to the Playboy Mansion where there was a party to be held in 3 days for Playboy\'s annual Birthday bash, where Cindi was sure to be. Tucker left as he had a date with his "partner" of 13 months, Candace , who back in high school seemed to hate Tucker. Later that night, Tucker broke into the hospital while Eugene was asleep, stating they had to leave on their trip now, as opposed to 3 days later, as Tucker had an incident involving Candace and accidentally forgetting she has seizures caused by strobe lights as a side effect of her epilepsy. Starting out on the road trip, the two are attacked by Candace\'s brother, Rick , and his firemen crew, but manage to escape temporarily. Once in Chicago, they meet up with their old friend MPEG, who has become a famous rapper over the four years. They all hop on board his party bus and begin to trek across the country towards the Playboy Mansion. After an argument between Horsedick and Eugene, Tucker and Eugene were both thrown out of the bus in the middle of nowhere, and left to walk the rest of the way. Just as it seemed all hope was lost, a car pulled up with two lesbian women. They make a deal where the boys will drive while the girls are in the back with each other having sex. They make it all the way to the Mansion only to be stopped by bouncers at the door. Moments later, several fire trucks arrived, in search of Tucker. Tucker and Eugene manage to sneak into the mansion dressed in fireman outfits. The two go in separate directions while outside, Candace forces her way into the mansion, followed up by her brother, Rick. Tucker randomly hits on several Playboy models and meets PMOY 2007 Sara Jean Underwood and makes his way to the Grotto. Eugene, in search for Cindi, is suspected of being a stalker and is taken into a secure holding area, but not before being spotted by Cindi. Meanwhile, Tucker runs into Candace and darts back into the mansion, where he is spotted by the firemen. After avoiding the firemen, he tries to hide in the mansion and suddenly finds himself face to face with Hugh Hefner. Hugh and Tucker have a discussion about Tucker\'s issues, telling Tucker about the first woman he ever fell in love with . Hefner tells Tucker that "there is a bunny in every woman," and that if Tucker can only see the "bunny" in those women, that he\'s on to something. Back in the holding area, Cindi comes in to see Eugene. Eugene seems disgusted to see her, claiming that she left him behind and didn\'t care about him, and accusing her of sleeping with countless other men. Cindi argues that she did still love him and proves it by telling Eugene that the money she made modeling and being a Playboy Bunny was sent to help pay for Eugene\'s hospital bills, something Tucker never bothered to mention due to his absent minded nature. Just at that moment, Hef had called to have all stalkers removed from the mansion. Once tossed out on the streets, Candace finally caught up with Tucker. Tucker apologised for his faults and promised to look past hers and Candace decides to give him another chance. At the same token, Eugene runs into Horsedick.MPEG, who promised to "rip Eugene\'s face off." Eugene seems too distracted regardless to find Cindi. After Cindi comes out and reveals that MPEG was born without genitals, his crew pull down his pants, showing a straw sticking out where his genitals should be, confirming what Cindi said. MPEG leaves ashamed, and after Eugene and Cindi make up, Hef lets everyone back in. Eugene and Tucker find themselves in the Mansion\'s kitchen, and Eugene tells Tucker that Cindi is waiting upstairs for him, shades of the situation that started the whole mess in the first place. And just like 4 years previous, Tucker and Eugene take several shots together before Eugene goes upstairs, where he finally has sex with Cindi. In the unrated version, footage show Eugene and Cindi having sex. As going too fast he overexerts himself.'] ['The story is about a three-armed man on a journey from Lampang to Bangkok who meets a young woman and the two experience various misadventures and grow closer together.'] ['Jang Hye-jin  is an ordinary woman whose doenjang jjigae  is to die for. Yet Jang is not famous for her recipe and lives a quiet life. When a notorious murderer on death row requests Jang’s soup as his last meal, television producer Choi Yoo-jin  starts looking for Jang and the recipe. But Choi is not the only one looking for Jang. Kim Hyun-soo , Jang’s old flame, decides to return to his hometown to look for his first love. At the same time, three people die after eating Jang’s soup. What is the secret behind the soup and how many more people will have to die for it?{{cite web}}'] ["The movie presents a view of post-9/11 United States as seen through the eyes of Lana , an American girl who has lived in Africa and the Middle East for years with her missionary parents. She is returning from a long trip to the West Bank. In Los Angeles, she works at a homeless mission and looks up her only living relative in the US, her late mother's brother, Paul . He is a paranoid Vietnam veteran who drives around filming and spying on Arabs and people with Arab features. Lana, in contrast, leans toward anti-war convictions and has been changed by her experiences abroad, so feels outside American culture. Having first-hand knowledge of the Middle East and Africa, she sees similarities between the slums of Los Angeles and those of the Third World. After she and Paul see the murder of a young Pakistani outside the mission, they take his body to his family. Their road trip offers Paul a different view of Arab home life. Over the course of the film, Paul and Lana learn more about each other."] [" The film takes place in late 1999. India has an out-of-control nuclear satellite in orbit that is about to reenter the atmosphere at any time, contaminating large areas of the earth. This has caused a massive panic, with everyone trying to flee the likely impact sites. Caught in a traffic jam, impatient and disconnected Claire Tourneur  escapes the highway congestion by taking a side road. Her Dashboard Computer System announces she left the Map Zone Database and is on her own. She then has a couple of odd encounters: first with a pair of bank robbers , and with a hitchhiker being pursued by an armed party. Claire discovers, after falling in love with the enigmatic fugitive, that he is the son of a scientist , and has absconded with the prototype of a secret research project. Multiple government agencies and freelance bounty hunters are chasing him to recover the device. The film has two distinct parts: the first is a mystery; the second a science-fiction adventure. The mystery is about the prototype, what it actually does and why so many people are interested in it. Halfway through the film the focus shifts, as the prototype is revealed to be a device for recording and translating brain impulses— a camera for the blind. The hitchhiker is traveling around the world, gathering images in the device though the reason why is not revealed. During the second part, the reason for his travels is revealed: the hitchhiker has been filming his extended family to bring home to his blind mother . As the chase moves across the globe, the nuclear satellite is shot down, causing an EMP effect that wipes out all unshielded electronics worldwide. The characters wind up in a cave in the Australian Outback, where the recordings are played back. After the death of the hitchhiker's mother, his scientist father discovers a way to use the device to record human dreams. Several characters become addicted to viewing their own dreams, while Claire's estranged lover, a novelist, remains unaffected. He writes a novel about the adventure, which ultimately rescues Claire from her addiction to the device, via the power of words."] ['Lovers Lula  and Sailor  are separated after he is jailed for killing &ndash; in self-defense &ndash; a man who attacked him with a knife; the assailant was hired by Lula\'s mother, Marietta Fortune . Upon Sailor\'s release, Lula picks him up at the prison where she hands him his snakeskin jacket. They go to a hotel where she reserved a room, make love and go to see the speed metal band Powermad. At the club, Sailor gets into a fight with a man who accosts Lula, and then leads the band in a rendition of Elvis Presley\'s "Love Me". Later, back in the room, after making love again, Sailor and Lula finally decide to run away to California, breaking Sailor\'s parole. Lula\'s mother arranges for private detective Johnnie Farragut  &mdash; her on-off boyfriend &mdash; to find them and bring them back. Unbeknown to Johnnie, however, Marietta also hires gangster Marcelles Santos  to track them, and kill Sailor. Unaware of all of the events happening back in North Carolina, the two are on their way until &mdash; according to Lula &mdash; they witness a bad omen: the aftermath of a two-car accident, and the only survivor, a young woman , dies in front of them. With little money left, Sailor heads for Big Tuna, Texas, where he contacts "old friend" Perdita Durango , who might be able to help them, although she secretly knows he is under contract to be killed by Lula\'s mother. Inevitably, while Sailor agrees to join up with Bobby Peru  in a feed store robbery, Lula waits for him in the hotel room, being sick and pining for better times. While Sailor is out Bobby enters the room and tries to rape Lula, but at the last second laughs it off and walks out. The robbery goes spectacularly wrong when Peru unnecessarily shoots two clerks, and as they leave the feed store, Sailor realized he has been given an unloaded pistol. Bobby then admits to Sailor he\'s been hired to kill him, but just as he is about to do so, the sheriff\'s deputies open fire on him; Peru accidentally blows his own head off with his own shotgun. Sailor is arrested and sentenced to five years in prison. While Sailor is in jail, Lula has their child, her mother "vanishes", and upon his release she decides to pick him up with their son. As they pick him up in the car, he reveals he\'s leaving them both, having decided while in prison that he isn\'t good enough for them. While he is walking a short distance away, he encounters a gang of mostly Asian men who surround him. He thinks his bravado will carry him through, but they quickly knock him out. While he is unconscious, he sees a revelation in the form of Glinda the Good Witch  who tells him, "Don\'t turn away from love, Sailor". When he awakes, he apologizes to the men and tells them he realizes a great many things, then screams Lula\'s name and runs away. As there is a traffic jam on the road, he begins to run over the roofs and hoods of the cars to get back to Lula and their child in the car, with the film ending as Sailor sings "Love Me Tender" to Lula on the hood of their car as the credits roll.'] ['The film is a road movie that follows a middle aged man who gives a young woman a lift. On the car radio, news bulletins warn the population against a recently escaped sadist who is known to prey on young women and children. Lelouch often cuts away from the main story, if only briefly, to parallel events that are not necessarily crucial to the story but illustrate what is suggested by the radio.'] ['Stationed in Norfolk, Virginia, U.S. Navy sailors, Billy "Badass" Buddusky  and "Mule" Mulhall  are assigned shore patrol detail to escort young sailor Larry Meadows  to Portsmouth Naval Prison near Portsmouth, New Hampshire. Meadows has drawn a stiff eight-year sentence for a petty crime: trying to steal $40 from a mite box of the C.O.\'s wife\'s favorite charity. During their train trip up the northeast corridor, the oddly likeable Meadows begins to grow on the two Navy "lifers"; they know the grim reality of the Marine guards at Portsmouth, and feel sorry he\'ll miss his youth serving his sentence. They decide to show him a good time before delivering him to the brig. With several days to spare before they are due in Portsmouth, the trio detrains at the major cities along the route to provide bon-voyage adventures for Meadows. In Washington, they take him to a bar to have a beer, but are denied because Meadows is too young. Buddusky gets a few six packs and a hotel room, and the three get drunk. In Philadelphia, they seek out Meadows\'s mother, only to find her away for the day and the house cluttered with empty whiskey bottles. In New York, they take him ice skating at Rockefeller Center and then in Boston, to a brothel to lose his virginity. In between, they brawl with Marines in a public restroom, dine on "the world\'s finest" Italian sausage sandwich, chant with Nichiren Shōshū Buddhists and open intimate windows for each other in swaying train coaches. Meadows pronounces his several days with Badass and Mule to be the best of his whole life. When they finally arrive in frozen Portsmouth, Meadows has a final request – a picnic – so they buy some hot dogs and attempt a frigid picnic in the crunching snow. Docile Meadows walks along the park, seemingly ready to head to prison. He suddenly bolts, though, in a last-ditch effort to run away. Buddusky runs after him, catches him, and pistol-whips him fiercely. Mulhall and Buddusky then brusquely take Meadows to the prison, execute the Navy paperwork, and after being released from their detail, they stride away angrily, berating the marines they have encountered at the prison – and about how hopefully their orders will come through when they get back to Norfolk.'] ["Suhel Khan ([[John Abraham  and Jai Kapoor  are Indian journalists working for Star News who are sent into Afghanistan to create a report on what life is like in the country following the US Invasion of the country in September 2001. The two are shocked at the state of the country and the ruins that remain due to years of rule by the Taliban Regime. They take a tour of the country in a Taxi starting in Kabul. This follows an escape from capture by the Taliban. On the way, they stop in the village of Ishtar along with the Taxi Driver Khyber who has watched his country fall apart over the decades. They stop in a small cafe selling Kebabs where they meet American Muslim Journalist Jessica Beckham who is working for ABC News in reporting on the US side of the War in Afghanistan. Suhel and Jai then invite Jessica to join them on their tour of the country which she does. However, shortly after leaving Ishtar, they are caught by Taliban official Imran Khan who has hitched a ride at the back of the Taxi in disguise as an Afghan woman. Imran demands they listen to him and travel straight to the Afghan border with Pakistan or he promises they will be killed. Imran is attempting to cross the border, get past Pakistani troops and negotiate with his Taliban associates in Pakistan. The four of them travel through various villages where they see horrific sights of poverty before reaching the southern city of Kandahar where Jessica gets the chance to interview US troops who are fighting to re-gain control of the city from the Taliban who occupy the area. In the meantime, Suhel and Jai attempt to interview Imran yet are unsuccessful when Imran threatens to shoot them. Once leaving Kandahar they travel through a farm and manage to capture a bull fight on film before stopping off at a stream coming closer to the Pakistan border. While Imran and the rest are out exploring, Jessica discovers Imran's passport as a Pakistani passport. She discovers that he is not a Taliban, but in fact a member of the Pakistani army named Wassim Chaudrey sent to Afghanistan to support the Mujahadeen rebels in their war against the USSR back in the 1980s before he settled down in the country as a member of the Taliban Regime. When Imran discovers the break-in, he takes Suhel, Khyber and Jessica hostage and forces them to continue the journey to the Pakistan border. At one point, Imran abandons them for hours when he hears a noice. Gunshots are fired and the three travellers discover Imran to have 10 US soldiers who attempted to kill him. With Imran distracted, Suhel grabs a gun from one of the soldiers and points it at Imran threatening to kill him if he doesn't answer him in his interview. They leave Imran at the side of the road and start their journey back to Kabul. However they stopped in their path when Imran manages to leap onto the Taxi and demands they continue their journey to the border. They soon arrive at the border where Imran bids them farewell. On the way they stop at the village where Imran lived and Imran meets his long lost wife and daughter Zoya. But before Imran can reach anywhere he and the rest of them are attacked by the Mujahideen. Imran tells Suhel, Jessica, Khyber and Jai to go while he uses his fighting skills to fight them off. Imran later travels on his own to the border and tries to persuade Pakistani troops to allow him entry into the country and that he is a Pakistani. However they do not listen and Imran is shot on order by the troops."] ["The story follows Jerry Welbach  as he travels through Mexico to find an antique gun, The Mexican, and smuggle it into the United States. Five years earlier, Welbach had caused a traffic accident in which he hit the car of local mobster Arnold Margolese , who was jailed for five years after the police searched his car following the crash, finding someone tied up in his trunk. In compensation for the jail time, Welbach has been sent on various errands by Margolese's second-in-command, Bernie Nayman . This will be his final errand. Welbach has a girlfriend, Samantha , who constantly argues with him about, among other things, his lack of commitment to their relationship. The gun has a legendary history, a curse regarding its likelihood to misfire, and its involvement in a jilted love-triangle where it was used as a suicide weapon. The gunsmith's assistant was in love with the gunsmith's daughter and was killed by an interested nobleman, prompting the suicide of their object of affection. The legend is reprised in the story."] ["According to rock and roll lore, age twenty-seven is a fateful milestone laced with tragic deaths, the 27 Club including Jimi Hendrix, Janis Joplin, Jim Morrison, and Brian Jones, all shooting stars who were felled in their prime by drugs and fame.{{fact}} In this film, childhood friends come face to face with the demons of rock and roll  on a cross-country road trip that compels them to face their past, present, and future. Rocker Spyder , whose debut album was a huge hit saw his follow-on album bomb, causing him to retreat to his small hometown and give up. Seven years later, 27-year-old Spyder reconnects with his long-lost best friend and writer of his debut album Eric , son of a late great punk rock guitar legend, who has long settled into the sedate life of a suburban middle school music teacher. The reunion forces the two to recall their youthful ambitions and re-examine the choices they've made."] ['A group of Italian prisoners arrive on a train from Germany after World War II to Turin. The city where Ernesto  lives is destroyed. His mother and sister are dead. He tries to get an honest job, but when he meets Lidia , he enters a gangster band after discover the secret of his lost sister .'] ['Two men, Peter and John, are making a modern pilgrimage from Paris to Santiago de Compostela along the traditional Way of St. James. As they walk along a roadside in France, they encounter a man in a black cape who tells them to sleep with a prostitute and have children with her. Then the pilgrims reach an inn, wherein an officer and a priest are discussing the nature of the eucharist and whether the body of Christ enters it by transubstantiation or consubstantiation. The discussion ends absurdly as the priest is taken away by doctors from a nearby mental hospital. Later on, the pilgrims find shelter for the night on a farm while a secret Priscillian sect is meeting nearby. The secret service involves ritual repetition, a short statement of faith, followed by sexual encounters between the male and female congregation. Next, the pilgrims seek food from an upscale restaurant, wherein the restaurant owner is explaining to his staff controversy of the divinity of Jesus Christ as debated during the First Council of Nicaea. Later on, the pilgrims observe an automobile accident. As they investigate the accident, they encounter a strange man who may be Death or one of his helpers, and this strange man gives one of the pilgrims the dead man\'s shoes. Further on, the pilgrims pass by a boarding school and watch the children perform for their parents and teachers. As a class of young girls recites heresies and proclaim them "anathema", one of the pilgrims imagines the execution of a pope by a band of revolutionaries. Then the pilgrims come across a chapel, wherein a group of Jansenist nuns is nailing one nun to a wooden cross. Outside, a Jesuit and a Jansenist have a sword duel while arguing over doctrines of predestination and irresistible grace for sinners. Finally, the two pilgrims reach Spain, where they agree to take care of the mule for two other men. These new men leave the pilgrims travel to a nearby chapel where they watch the official desecration of a priest\'s grave because of the discovery of heretical posthumous writings regarding the nature of the trinity. The two men proclaim loudly that the Godhead is not trinitarian and escape. In the forest, they switch clothes with some hunters swimming in a lake, and they discard a rosary discovered in one of their pockets. Later that night, the vision of the Virgin Mary appears to them and returns the rosary. The two men and the original pilgrims meet again at an inn, where they tell a local priest about their recent miraculous vision. The priest recounts another miracle, in which the Virgin Mary takes the form and duties of an errant nun for several years until the nun returns to the convent as if she had never left. Later that night, the priest further explains how her immaculate conception and role as the mother of Christ requires that her virginity must have remained intact during the physical birth of Jesus, like "sunshine penetrating a window". When the pilgrims reach Santiago de Compostela, they meet a prostitute who wants to become pregnant and gives the same names for the children as those predicted by the man in the cape at the beginning of the film. In the last scene in the film, two modern blind men encounter Jesus and his disciples. Their blindness is healed but are then ignored as they ask for help to understand what they are seeing for the first time.'] ['A year after the events of the first film, Mitch Robbins  is a much happier and livelier man, having moved out of the city and become station manager at the radio station he works at. One night, however, Mitch has a nightmare about his deceased friend, Curly , coming back to life, and apparently sees him numerous times in the distance. Furthermore, Mitch finds an old map with a missing corner inside Curly\'s hat leading to a long-lost gold bullion. With help from his best friend, Phil Berquist  and his somewhat-estranged younger brother, Glen , Mitch eventually discovers that Curly\'s father, Lincoln Washburn, stole the gold from the Western Pacific Railroad back in 1908, and hid it in the canyons of Spencer so that one day his son would find it and secure his future. With an impending trip to Las Vegas for a convention, Mitch decides to use the opportunity to go to Spencer, which is near, to try and find the gold. With Phil and Glen joining him, they buy supplies from two local cowboys, Bud and Matt, and set off on their journey. Mishaps ensue, such as Glen accidentally setting the map on fire and Phil sitting on a cactus and believing that he was bitten by a rattlesnake, but they press on, following the map\'s trail. However, during lunch, they are confronted by Bud and Matt, who Phil had recklessly told about the gold and Curly\'s father and who now want the map for themselves. Though Mitch gives them a decoy map, Bud and Matt prepare to kill them when they are rescued by a man who fights them off. The man\'s face is identical to Curly\'s, but he introduces himself as Duke , Curly\'s twin brother. Duke explains that long ago, when he and Curly were children, their father robbed the Western Pacific Railroad and promised them that one day they would all recover the gold themselves, but Lincoln got arrested. Before going to prison, however, he made a map for his sons to follow one day, and recently, their mother sent the map to Curly before she died. Curly contacted Duke to return, keeping the map in his hat until then, but he died on the cattle drive, and Curly\'s friend Cookie, the cook from the cattle drive, told Duke that Mitch had Curly\'s clothes, which was why Duke travelled to New York to find him. Though Duke prepares to leave them to search for the gold himself, Mitch persuades him to allow them to continue together, since Curly would not have approved otherwise, and Duke relents. Later on, however, Mitch starts a stampede which results in the map, the food and most of the goods getting lost. Though initially prepared to return home, Glen insists that he remembers the rest of the way, and despite the hardships of pressing on during the night, they eventually find the cave where the gold is hidden. But just as they find the gold itself, two robbers, apparently Bud and Matt again, confront them and a fight ensues in which Glen is shot. Duke discovers the bullets to be paint-filled pellets just as they are confronted by Clay Stone , the coordinator of the cattle drive, along with several of their old friends. To their dismay, Clay Stone reveals that the gold they have found is actually lead which has been painted gold, and that the two robbers are actually his sons who were only pretending to be robbers in order to "scare" potential hunters. Though Mitch, Phil and Glen return to Las Vegas, empty-handed but satisfied with their adventure, Duke remains in Spencer, convinced that there is real gold out there somewhere. Duke later visits Mitch in his hotel room in Las Vegas, and confesses to him that he was planning to cheat him and his friends out of the real gold once they had found it, but he could not bring himself to do so. Throughout Mitch\'s skepticism, Duke reveals that while Curly had the map, he had the missing corner, which is the location of the real gold, and presents Mitch with a genuine bar of gold as a gift.'] ['Kostya and Oleg come to Moscow from Murmansk. Kostya dreams of becoming a professional music video director, Oleg is aiming high to a "respectable" capital citizen. They make friends and support each other, going, however, their own ways. By chance, Oleg and Kostya meet Shepilov, a successful businessman. At a glance he sees Oleg is talented in talking people into doing what they do not need. Shepilov offers Oleg a job with a realty company. The trouble is that Kostya falls in love with Alina, Shepilov’s former fiancée, who he still hopes to get back to love him… Shepilov cancels Alina’s performance that had to be the crucial one for her further career. However, Kostya makes a video for Alina that soon brings her a contract offer from London… Now Alina has got to make up her mind for either love or career as the contract forces her to make a break with Kostya. Kostya in his turn gets to choose whether to go to London with Alina or to accept a job offer from a well-known producer and achieve what he dreamed of. Oleg as well must decide what is more important to him — friendship or his «respectable» status. Oleg finds out the business that made him turn away from his friend is spattered with blood… Oleg is in danger and Kostya is the only one to help him out. But both Kostya and Alina themselves are already chased after as they might witness against Shepilov. So now Kostya does not only have to save himself and the girl her loves, but also his friend who betrayed him…'] ["Ritchie Flynn Parker  is a successful, yet quiet man living in Los Angeles, California with his girlfriend . He has just been fired from his job as a health inspector when he hears his father, Nat,  a thrifty con-man has a brain tumor and that he is going to drive to New Mexico to seek a potential cure. He grudgingly goes to Atlantic City to see his father who then explains he has been living on five dollars a day, going comedically far distances to do so, such as constantly calling into various radio stations with different aliases to win free things. The father and son soon hit the road driving a Sweet'n Low car free of charge provided they get gas at Chevron stations along the way. Ritchie calls his girlfriend to tell her about his life and the trip, using one of Nat's many free cell-phones with promotional minutes. After their first stop to eat at an IHOP restaurant for free by Nat convincing them its his birthday using a fake drivers licence , they stop at a vacant house that is for sale to spend the night, and narrowly avoid being found out by a realtor and some people looking at the home the following morning. The next day over a stolen room service meal from a motel, Ritchie finds out that Nat got him fired by telling his boss of an earlier jail sentence, which is later revealed that Ritchie took the fall to avoid Nat going to jail for one of his crimes. They proceed to drive to various cities, once staying at an open house for a retirement village. They then go to Amarillo, Texas where Nat meets with Ritchie's old babysitter, who is now a professional model, who Nat has a thing for. They then head to New Mexico so that Nat can collect a small sum of money from an old rival, Kruger , whom Nat lent money to start a used car dealership many years back, and whom Ritchie's mother later ran off with when he was young. Kruger, now the owner of a hugely successful chain of car dealerships, agrees to give Nat a large sum of hush money so that Nat does not upset Kruger plans to run for mayor by publicly challenging Kruger regarding Ritchie's paternity. Flush with cash, Nat begins to discuss with Ritchie about the two of them stopping in Las Vegas to spend some time together, but Ritchie soon realizes that Nat is not his actual father and Nat convinces him that his story about being sick was a ruse to get him to travel with him to New Mexico. Upset with this news, Ritchie runs off with the hush money and sneaks into Kruger's campaign kick-off to confront him. Not satisfied with how Kruger responds, Ritchie rushes the campaign stage to announce Kruger's paternity and his return of the hush money. After escaping capture by campaign security, Ritchie returns to the hotel where he meets back up with Nat. After it is revealed that Ritchie did not return the hush money, Nat collapses and winds up in the hospital, sick and actually dying. Before Nat dies, he takes him to a beached boat house near the shore of desert lake, where the two go for a swim. Ritchie and his girlfriend are then shown sitting in a row boat on the lake, scattering Nat's ashes from a makeshift urn consisting of a Pepsi cup that Nat got for free with a five dollar purchase of gas."] ["Hirata  is a successful Japanese businessman whose plan for a two-week winter holiday in Hawaii to play golf changes when his elderly grandfather  reminds him that he should go to Iceland. Hirata’s parents died there seven years ago, and the seven year death anniversary is a significant event in Japanese culture. Hirata must perform a ceremony in the river where they died after drowning in an avalanche – the drowned must be fed by the surviving family members if they are to find peace. Hirata goes to Iceland – to Reykjavík. His final destination is a remote river on the far side of the island. He encounters one mishap and misadventure after another. He first accidentally gets on a wrong bus filled with German tourists traveling to see the hot springs. He also confronts a language barrier, since he cannot speak any Icelandic, and knows very little English. After his first day's misadventures, Hirata decides to purchase an ancient, bright red Citroën DS to make the journey. During the long drive, Hirata meets several strange people along the way. These include the mystical woman who sells him the car, that only plays one radio station, a woman who collects photographs of funerals, two American hitchhiker/fugitives , who turn out to be armed and dangerous who proceed to steal his car. Nearing his destination, Hirata meets an old man  named Siggi, the owner of a local lodge who teaches Hirata how to drink the most potent alcoholic beverage in Iceland. After explaining his determination to travel to where his parents died, Hirata is aided by Siggi who borrows a pair of Icelandic horses from a local farmer, and the two of them travel on horseback to Hirata's destination. After riding across an ice cap glacier, over a ridge and into the valley where Hirata's parents died, he dismounts and is told by Siggi that he must go on alone to complete his journey. After traversing a rickety bridge to the river, Hirata arrives at the river bank where he performs his cleansing ceremony at last."] ["One ordinary day, 19-year-old Mercer White  steals a Volvo station wagon from a car wash, and leaves Eugene, Oregon to find his estranged half-brother Arlen, who is unaware that their mother has recently died. Soon after leaving, a cell phone in the car rings, and Mercer finds himself talking to the owner of the car, Kate , who lends him her car on the condition that he calls regularly to describe his trip to her. Mercer travels to a bohemian pottery-making commune in Shelter Cove, California where Arlen once lived, but learns that he moved to Reno, Nevada. He passes through Fallon, Nevada to meet up with the seductive Joely , his middle school crush. In Reno, they take ecstasy and almost have sex before Mercer resumes his search for Arlen. Later he finds himself on the set of a pornographic film, where the director  tells him that Arlen left to work at a pet store in Sacramento, California. Joely asks Mercer if he can drive her cousin Buddy  and his friend Rid  to Mojave, California, where they are building their own car. While driving, Mercer finds Kate's YMCA card in the trunk of her car and, now knowing what she looks like, describes a dream to her in which he, Joely, and Kate are dancing in a re-enactment of Bande à part{{'}}s dance sequence. Not wanting to get sidetracked, he tries to leave the others behind in a motel room, but when Buddy threatens to steal the car, Mercer tells him that the car belongs to his girlfriend, and Buddy, Rid, and Joely leave without Mercer in Kate's car. He hitchhikes to Mojave and finds the salvage yard where Buddy and Rid are working, and retrieves the car. Mercer talks to Kate while driving, imagining her sitting in the back seat of the car, but she hangs up in jealousy when he mentions Joely for the first time. He arrives in Sacramento and finds the pet store where Arlen worked. The owner  asks Mercer to sing in her children's band, for which she plays as part of her probation. When he returns to the car, he finds somebody trying to break into it, only to discover that it is Kate. They spend the night at a hotel, but he leaves without her the next morning and catches a train to Los Angeles, California. With the help of a translator, he phones Arlen's last residence and learns from a Hispanic woman that Arlen is working at a hotel in Ensenada, Mexico. Mercer finally meets Arlen  at the hotel in Ensenada, but Arlen assumes Mercer is just there for money. Enraged, Mercer tackles his brother to the ground and gets kicked off the premises. Kate later finds a bloody Mercer sitting on the side of a road and takes him to a hotel. She tells him that she let him take her car because she was attracted to him, and they have sex. The next day Mercer meets with Arlen again, more amicably, and tells him that he and Kate are driving to Louisiana to spread his mother's ashes."] ['John L. Sullivan , a popular young Hollywood director fresh from a string of very profitable, but shallow comedies  , tells his studio boss, Mr. Lebrand , that he is dissatisfied and wants his next project to be a serious exploration of the plight of the downtrodden, to be based on the socially-conscious novel O Brother, Where Art Thou? by Sinclair Beckstein. Not surprisingly, Lebrand wants him to direct another, more lucrative comedy instead, but the idealistic Sullivan refuses to give in. He wants to "know trouble" first-hand as a tramp so he can return and make a film that truly depicts the sorrows of humanity. His butler  and valet  openly question the wisdom of his plan. Undeterred, Sullivan dresses as a penniless hobo and takes to the road. However, no matter how hard he tries, somehow he always ends up back in Hollywood. Lebrand insists that his staff follow him in a double-decker coach. Neither party is happy with the arrangement; Sullivan eventually persuades his guardians to leave him alone and arranges to rendezvous with them later. When he hitchhikes, he finds himself back where he started. Then he meets a young failed actress  who is contemplating quitting the business. In return for her kindness to him, Sullivan gives her a lift in his car, without telling his servants; they report the "theft" and the pair are apprehended by the police. Upon their release, the Girl pushes him into his enormous swimming pool for deceiving her about his true identity. However, after considering her options, she becomes his traveling companion. This time, Sullivan succeeds in living like a hobo. After eating in soup kitchens and sleeping in homeless shelters with the Girl, Sullivan finally decides he has had enough. His experiment is publicized by the studio as a huge success. The Girl wants to stay with him, but he explains that, on the advice of his business manager, he got married to reduce his income tax, only to discover that his wife cost him double what he saved in taxes. Sullivan decides to thank the homeless by handing out $5 bills, but one man decides he wants more than his share and ambushes Sullivan when he is alone. Sullivan is knocked unconscious and thrown onto a train boxcar leaving the city, but the thief is run over and killed by another train. The man had earlier stolen Sullivan\'s shoes, which had a special identification card hidden under one of the soles. When the card is found, everyone assumes the unrecognizable body is Sullivan\'s. Meanwhile, Sullivan wakes up in the rail yard of another city, with no memory of who he is or how he got there. In his confused state, he assaults the railroad worker who finds him, for which he is sentenced to six years in a labor camp. He eventually regains his memory, but not before learning the importance of laughter in the otherwise dreary lives of his fellow prisoners when they are allowed to attend a showing of Walt Disney\'s Playful Pluto cartoon. Sullivan comes to realize that comedy can do more good for the poor than O Brother, Where Art Thou?. But Sullivan still has a problem &ndash; he cannot convince anybody that he is Sullivan. Finally, he comes up with an ingenious solution: he confesses to being his own killer. When his picture makes the front page of the newspapers, the Girl recognizes him and gets him released. His "widow" had taken up with his crooked business manager in the meanwhile, so he can now divorce her and be reunited with the Girl. A montage of happily laughing faces ends the film.'] ['The premise involves two street racers  who live on the road in their highly-modified 1955 Chevy "One-Fifty" two-door sedan and drift from town to town, making their income by challenging local residents to races. The movie follows them driving east on Route 66 from Needles, California. They pick up a female hitchhiker in Flagstaff, Arizona , although it is more accurate to say that she picks them up by simply getting into their car. In New Mexico, they encounter another car driver . An atmosphere of hostility develops between the two parties. Although Oates is not an overt street racer, and, in fact, seems to know little about cars, a cross-country race to Washington, D.C. is suggested. Taylor proposes that the prize should be "for pinks," or legal ownership of the loser\'s car. Characters are never identified by name in the movie; instead they are named "The Driver," "The Mechanic," "GTO," and "The Girl". The movie follows the group east through small towns in California, Arizona, New Mexico, Oklahoma, Arkansas, and Tennessee, but no character makes it to Washington, D.C. during the film. After sleeping with both the Driver and the Mechanic during the journey, the Girl disappoints them by abruptly leaving with the GTO while they compete at a racetrack in Memphis. The Driver pursues them intently, finding them at a diner where the Girl has just rejected the GTO\'s idea to visit Chicago. The Driver proposes going to Columbus, Ohio to get parts, but the Girl rejects him. She hops on the back of a stranger\'s motorcycle, dropping her bag in the parking lot. The three men abruptly depart from the diner in their respective cars. The driver of the GTO, who has told a different story about himself to each of the many hitchhikers he picked up , stops for two soldiers on leave. He tells his passengers that he won the car while driving a home-built \'55 Chevy, emphasizing the circular nature of the film. The film ends during a drag race at an airstrip in East Tennessee. As the Driver speeds down the runway, first the sound drops out, then the film slows until the frames of the film seem to catch in the projector\'s gate, burning it.'] ["{{plot}} 12 African American men are introduced aboard the bus as it leaves L.A. for the cross-country drive to D.C. where the Million Man March is being held. They have nothing in common except for their race and destination. Along the way, the men get to know each other and discuss various topics including their personal lives, their political beliefs, and religious affiliations. The elderly Jeremiah reveals that after he lost his job, he became an alcoholic and eventually lost his family. He hopes the March will revitalize him and inspire him to turn his life around. Evan Jr., who fancies himself as a gangster rap artist, manages to escape from his father at one point. Evan Sr. finds Junior and realizes that Junior's criminal behavior was an attempt to gain his attention after he became neglectful. He expresses regret and promises to make a sincere effort to be there for Junior. Xavier, begins interviewing the passengers, allowing each of the passengers to reveal information about their lives and how they perceive themselves and the March. Xavier captures as much as he can on his camcorder . Tensions rise after Xavier's interview with Flip, an aspiring actor who is full of hatred and seems to be missing the whole purpose of the March. He claims to be a racist and provokes the gay couple, Kyle and Randall, for being homosexuals and Gary for being biracial. Gary is a police officer and is anxious to put an end to all the atrocities happening in his streets. He has even worked with a community outreach program to discourage children from becoming involved in gang activity. Jamal admits to committing murder and rape, crimes for which he was never arrested or punished. Gary informs him that he will be arrested upon their return to California. Kyle, a Gulf War veteran feels he has been persecuted from all sides because of his race and sexual orientation. Randall tries to comfort him. An argument ensues between Flip and Kyle and turns violent when Flip punches Kyle. In the resulting fistfight, Kyle is victorious and Flip is embarrassed. During the trip, the bus breaks down and the group boards a new bus. The new driver is Rick , who is ethnically Jewish. Later, Rick in protest refuses to drive and leaves. George takes over for the rest of the trip, with help from Evan Sr. who, while not licensed a bus driver, has experience driving trucks. The group meet various people at rest stops including fellow travelers, friendly White American Southerners and women. At a diner, the group meets Wendell , a Lexus salesman who bribes his way onto the bus. He quickly comes to be accused as racist from the others and the passengers literally throw him out of the bus. While driving through Knoxville, Tennessee, the bus is pulled over by a group of redneck Tennessee state troopers on suspicion of drug trafficking. The bus is searched with drug-sniffing dogs. However they do not find anything illegal and the racist state troopers reluctantly permit the bus to continue on its way. As the bus approaches Washington, D.C., Jeremiah becomes unconscious and is rushed to a hospital, where it is revealed that Jeremiah has coronary artery disease. Evan Sr. and Jr., Gary, Jamal, and Xavier, stay behind and watch the beginning of March on television while the others attend the march. Jeremiah dies. The men are shocked and saddened by Jeremiah's death. They end up watching the rest of the March from the hospital. As they come out of the hospital, the group see their bus pull up, where George tells them that he and the rest of the people on the bus traveled only halfway to the march before they decided to come back to be with Jeremiah. As the bus prepares to return home, George tells the men that the March should be seen as merely the beginning of a larger movement. Jeremiah's drum is given to Xavier. George finds a paper in the hollow bottom of the drum, which is told to be the prayer Jeremiah wrote in honor of the Million Man March. Later, in front of the Lincoln Memorial, George leads the men in Jeremiah's prayer. In the bus, the group quietly reflects on the trip's events. The film ends with a front side view of the Lincoln Memorial that scrolls down to show a broken shackle lying near its base."] ["Naive schoolgirl Camille Pelleveau meets the slightly older and more experienced Joëlle, a promiscuous woman who has just been thrown out of a car by her abusive boyfriend. Camille follows Joëlle as they go on a rampage where she discovers sex as they pick up men. Joëlle also shows Camille the darker side of life, as they start by crashing the men's cars and then decide to take on the whole town. However, medical researcher Dr. Marc Antoine Worms has invented a sexually transmitted disease and used Joëlle as a guinea pig by infecting her with it, so that he could become famous as the discoverer of its cure. Camille eventually learns about AIDS and fears she may have contracted the disease. The story involves flashbacks, and in one sequence we learn that Camille's parents are feuding. Illogically, she tries to persuade them to reunite long enough for her conception to take place. The surreal plot and series of stylized scenes is in keeping with postmodern cinema, which challenges the notion of original creative thought."] ['Jonathan Foer,  a young American Jew, goes on a quest to find the woman, Augustina, who saved his grandfather during the Holocaust in a small Ukrainian town called Trachimbrod that was wiped off the map when the Nazis liquidated Eastern European shtetls. His guides are a cranky, anti-semitic grandfather ; his deranged Border collie named Sammy Davis Jr. Jr.; and his over-enthusiastic grandson, Alex , whose fractured command of English, passion for American pop culture, and constant chatter threaten to make the worst of every situation. But what starts out as the tour from hell turns into a meaningful journey, with an unexpected series of revelations that will change all of their lives.Overview and Movie Review New York Times.'] ['Race teams have gathered in Connecticut to start their cross-country race. One at a time, teams drive up to the starters\' stand, punch a time card to indicate their time of departure, then take off. Among the teams are: :*J.J. McClure  and Victor Prinzi  drive a souped-up, but otherwise authentic, Dodge Tradesman ambulance.  :*Former open-wheel icon  Jamie Blake , and his teammate Morris Fenderbaum , dressed as Catholic priests drive a red Ferrari 308 GTS. (Based on an entry in the real-life 1972 race, in which three men disguised as priests  :*Jill Rivers  and Marcie Thatcher , two attractive women start the race in a black Lamborghini Countach. :*Jackie Chan and Michael Hui race as drivers of a high-tech, computer-laden Subaru GL Hatchback with a rocket-powered engine. :*A pair of good ol\' boys, played by Terry Bradshaw and Mel Tillis, drive a street-legal replica of Donnie Allison\'s Hawaiian Tropic-sponsored NASCAR Winston Cup Chevrolet stock car owned by Hoss Ellington.  :*Roger Moore plays "heir to the Goldfarb Girdles fortune" Seymour Goldfarb, Jr., who perpetually identifies himself as actor Roger Moore and signs in to the race under that name; his character behaves similarly to James Bond and only once  is referred to by his real name. He drives a silver Aston Martin DB5. :*Jamie Farr portrays an oil-rich Middle-Eastern Sheikh driving a white Rolls-Royce Silver Shadow. At the starting line, observing from the shadows, is Mr. Arthur J. Foyt , a representative of the , who tries to stop the race because of its environmental effects and safety issues. In the car with him is Pamela Glover. Shortly after they leave the starting line, J.J. and Victor  come across Foyt and Glover, who have been involved in a minor fender-bender. Glover implores J.J. and Victor to help, but when they tell Foyt to enter the ambulance through the back door, they kidnap Glover and take off without Foyt. As the race progresses, various teams are shown either evading law enforcement, most of which deal with talking their way out of a possible ticket, or concocting crazy schemes to outmaneuver their opponents. :*Jill and Marcie use sex appeal as their weapon, unzipping their race suits to display copious amounts of cleavage during traffic stops.  :*In New Jersey, the ambulance is pulled over by state troopers; Dr. Van Helsing drugs Glover, and J.J. and Victor are able to convince the troopers that they\'re rushing "the Senator\'s wife" to UCLA for medical treatment . :*The Subaru team is able to turn off their car\'s headlights and use infrared sensors for racing at night. :*Seymour Goldfarb is frequently shown evading police by using various James Bond-type gadgets  installed in his Aston Martin DB5. :*Mr. Compton  and "Super Chief" Finch  disguise themselves as a newlywed couple on a motorbike, but Finch\'s extra weight forces the two to ride cross-country in a permanent wheelie. The primary rivalry in the film is between the teams in the ambulance and the Ferrari. In Ohio, Fenderbaum and Blake are able to convince Victor to pull over their ambulance in order to bless the patient on board. While Blake carries out the blessing, Fenderbaum punctures one of the ambulance\'s rear tires with a knife. Later in Missouri, J.J. gets his revenge by convincing a nearby police officer that the two men dressed as priests are actually sex perverts who are responsible for the flashing victim in the ambulance. Meanwhile Foyt, with the help of his government agency, is able to set up a roadblock and catch several teams . Similar scenes continue to build up to the conclusion of the movie. The remaining teams find themselves stopped on a desert highway, next to a roadside market, waiting for construction work to clear the road ahead of them. While waiting, a biker gang  shows up and begins harassing Compton and Finch. The harassing quickly gets out of hand and a free-for-all fistfight ensues with everyone getting in on the action. Naturally the Subaru team  and the remaining teams join in the massive fight. In the middle of the fight, the construction crew announces that the road is open, and the teams sprint back to their cars for the final race to the finish. The ambulance falls behind the rest of the pack, until Victor changes into his super-hero alter-ego Captain Chaos. The vehicles all arrive at the finish line\'s parking lot at the same time, and it\'s a foot race to the finish line . In the sprint, J.J. hands his team\'s time card to Victor, then ambushes the remaining racers, leaving only Victor and one of the Lamborghini women. Just when it appears Victor will reach the time clock first, a scream rings out and a spectator shouts that her "baby" has fallen into the water. Victor, still in his Captain Chaos persona, quits the race and rushes to save the baby , allowing Marcie to clock in first and win the race. After Marcie won, J.J. got mad at Victor for saving a dog instead of winning and then saids that Victor needs to stop being Captain Chaos, then Victor saids he doesn\'t care and he wanted to be Captain USA. Foyt then appeared and asked everyone how happy for ruining the American highway, then Seymor offered him a cigar and told him to use the lighter in his car  and nothing happened when he told everybody to see what happens next, Seymor then asked how he lit his cigar and pressed the button and his plan backfired him as he plummed to the water. Everyone then celebrated after Seymor did his backfire on his lighter.'] ["The movie is about a documentary team that follows the reunion of Hard Core Logo. Joe Dick gets the band back together ostensibly for an anti-gun benefit after hearing Canadian punk rock legend Bucky Haight, and personal mentor, is shot. They begin the tour in Vancouver and travel to Edmonton, via Winnipeg. On the way the band's dark secrets are revealed. John Oxenberger loses his schizophrenia medication and slowly loses his sanity. Billy Tallent finds out that by going on tour he loses his position in main stream rock band Jenifur and with that his one shot at stardom. The band stops by Bucky Haight's reclusive estate only to find he was never shot and that Joe Dick fabricated the lie in order to get the band together. The band and documentary crew drop acid and experience hallucinations. Bucky admonishes Joe Dick for using him to get the band together. At Edmonton, Billy Tallent finds out he has another opportunity to permanently join Jenifur. Joe Dick finds out from the film crew and later attacks Billy on stage. Joe Dick destroys Billy Tallent's Fender Stratocaster, which was a gift from Bucky Haight, and the band parts ways. In the final scene Joe Dick drinks with the documentary crew members and shoots himself."] ['{{Plot}} The film opens with the band performing at the Wisbech Rock Festival in 1977. Hughie Case is giving a commentary of how, due to the pursuit of "fame, fortune and fornication" , that was their last performance. At the start of their set, lightning strikes the stage and technical problems befall their equipment and the band prematurely ends their performance in frustration over competing egos and various members\' lack of self-control. Skip ahead 20 years. Keyboardist, Tony Costello, who now lives in Ibiza, is recognised as one of the members of Strange Fruit by a stranger at a café, whose father happened to be the organiser of the original Wisbech Festival. The stranger tells Tony that they are doing a Wisbech reunion concert and asks if Tony can reunite the band. Tony quickly manages to track down Karen Knowles, the band\'s original runaround-girl. She is at first reluctant to become involved with the reunion, but is unhappily working in PR and becomes inspired to return to the band after finding some memorabilia in her garage. She agrees, but insists on being the band\'s Manager, which Tony has no problem with. Gradually, Karen and Tony track down the original members; bassist Les Wickes, who has a family and works as a roofer, drummer David "Beano" Baggot, who is working at a nursery and is on the run from the Inland Revenue due to a large sum of money he owes due to a bad business deal, and lead singer Ray Simms, who after years of drug and alcohol abuse, is now completely sober and attending Alcoholics Anonymous meetings, is living in a mansion with his overbearing Swedish wife, Astrid and apparently working on a solo album, though in truth the bank are foreclosing on his mansion and he hasn\'t released a solo single in years. The band meets up at a pub in Avebury to discuss the reunion. Everyone expects Brian Lovell, the band\'s lead guitarist, to be there; however Karen shows up and breaks the news that she was unable to track down Brian, although she found that he gave away all of his royalties to a charity in the United States as a bequest. Everyone comes to the conclusion that Brian is dead and they decide to soldier on with the reunion and agree to play the festival. Their roadie Hughie, turns up unexpectedly during their first rehearsal. Ray insists on playing guitar at first, but everyone else convinces him to concentrate on just singing and they soon after they find a replacement for Brian in young Luke Shand who is a talented guitarist, but remains blissfully unaware of the tensions within the band. The band embark upon a warm-up tour of Europe after Karen negotiates with a record company executive who now owns the rights to their back catalogue. Their initial performances aren\'t very good and they are poorly received by the younger generation; Ray is still under delusions of grandeur ; Les still resents Ray for having replaced Keith; Les and Beano  have little hope for the band, firmly believing both Keith and then Brian were the main talent and Tony begins to make advances to Karen, but she is reluctant as she had always been deeply attached to Brian. At one of the gigs, Ray dresses in a ridiculous glam-metal outfit, plants smoke machines around the stage and secretly gets Hughie to raise the volume levels to their maximum. Ray believes that this will boost his performance abilities, but during the performance of their song "Scream Freedom", everything backfires and Les, followed by Ray, walk off stage in a huff, while Tony, Luke and Beano play on. Ray and Les confront each other about their mutual hatred, which causes Ray to have a nervous breakdown, along with his depression over the fact that it\'s his 50th birthday. Ray ends up running away from the gig and buys drugs from a dealer on the street before falling into an icy canal. He is rescued by Karen\'s daughter, Claire. Astrid also meets up with the band at this show and is completely devastated at his near-drowning and blames Karen for it. Also, the loud volumes of the concert caused every window in the venue to break and the promoters and townspeople want the band to pay for it, while locking up their tourbus as collateral. However, they are able to break the bus out and the band quickly skips town. The next morning on the bus, Les apologizes to Ray for what he said , and Ray apologizes for his behaviour and shares with the rest of the band that, while in the canal, he "received a positive message" from Brian\'s ghost. The bus breaks down along the side of the road and Karen confronts the band about their lack of confidence. They meet a girl who\'s heading to Antwerp wearing an old Strange Fruit tour t-shirt, which she says belonged to her father. The band believes this to be another positive omen. The next few shows go down without incident and go over well with audiences and they become slightly more optimistic. A week later, they get a record deal and quickly enter the studio to record new material, which includes a new song written and sung by Les . However, after watching a previously-taped drunken TV interview with Zoë Ball in which Les and Beano imply that the band were much better with Keith and Brian, Ray breaks down again and quits. As the band members return to their former lives, Karen and Claire visit Keith\'s grave to pay their respects. There they find a note: "Even after all this time the flame still burns. Love you, man. Brian", referring to a song called "The Flame Still Burns", written by Les & Brian about Keith after his death. Karen and Claire confront Hughie, who indeed knows that Brian is still alive, and reluctantly tells where Brian is. Karen and Tony finally find Brian, who has secluded himself to a mental hospital, where he has stayed ever since he returned from America after leaving the band. He explains that he gave away his earnings, because he wanted to sever himself from his previous life as much as possible. He agrees to talk to the band and try to reconcile them so they can continue playing. His return brings the band back together. However, the pre-show press conference at the festival involves some hostile questions aimed at Brian, such as whether his breakdown was chemically induced or was a result of his brother\'s death, whether he really had spent the intervening years in a mental hospital, or if the whole thing was simply a publicity stunt. This all proves too much for Brian and he walks out of the conference, followed by the rest of the band except for Luke, who slams on the journalists, calling them insensitive to Brian\'s mental state and that the band deserves more respect. Brian decides to back out of the show, but gives his blessing for the rest of the band to perform. Meanwhile, a woman who Beano thinks is from the Inland Revenue and has been hunting him throughout the course of the film, corners him backstage and reveals that he was in the first band she ever saw as a teenager. Her father forbade her from ever again going to a rock show and she has been obsessed with Beano ever since. She demands quick, violent sex from Beano, which causes him to almost miss their set. However, he finally turns up at the last minute, right after Les suggests getting another drummer. The band starts their set with the same song with which they opened up the last Wisbech Festival. However, a short burst of feedback shakes Ray\'s confidence and he starts to break down. Tony then starts playing the intro to "The Flame Still Burns" on his keyboard, which quickly heals the tension. Brian is pleased to hear the band playing the song, which helps him finally overcome his demons and joins the band onstage to play an inspiring guitar solo, much to the surprise and delight of everyone.'] ['"Road trip!" Four childhood friends, Will, Brian, Corey, and Matt, have been saying that since they were kids their dream is to surf, skate, and snowboard across California. After graduating from junior college, it is now their time and nothing can stop them &mdash; except money &mdash; so they decide to put their education to work. Through their jobs of life-guarding kiddie pools and working at Turkish restaurants they manage to save $847.53, more than enough to cross California in their Joyota, a reconstructed jeep with a rebuilt Toyota engine. Never having so much freedom in their lives, they decide to go to Mexico where they surf the fierce and unpredictable waves of Larosarita. Unexpectedly, Corey receives a phone call and is told of the death of his grandfather, "Grandpa G." His stepdad Frank tells him that his grandpa left him a bunch of money and his car, so Corey has to travel up to Yakima, Washington to get it. The friends, all being very close to Grandpa G., decide they will all go, counting on the fact that once they get there, they\'ll have more than enough money to get back. While "taking care of some unfinished business", the group runs into Matt\'s beautiful cousin Jessie, who needs a ride up to Seattle because her car has broken down. Brian is immediately infatuated with her. But, not wanting to make things easy for him, Jessie avoids Brian, making him all the more determined to get to her. Corey then makes a bet with Brian that by the end of the trip, he will not be able to get Jessie to do one thing he wants her to do. As the trip continues, through a series of paintball fights and late night phone calls, Jessie and Brian get closer and closer. Having been hurt in the past, Jessie has a hard time trusting Brian and his intentions toward her. She knew all along about the bet, but because of her convictions and some harsh words on Brian\'s part, she decides she has to leave, however much it would hurt. Cold, wet, and heartbroken, the boys cross the Washington border and arrive at the home of Grandma G, only to have yet another disappointment. Corey\'s stepdad turns out to be a nightmare, as the only inheritance Corey was left with was a junked-out car. With no way of getting home, the only option they have is to sell the car and hope they get enough money for the trip home. While looking through a paper and eating some of Grandpa G\'s snake meat, Matt comes across five tickets to Alaska for $500. With the help of Grandma G, they sell the car left by Grandpa G online for $1,500. Only one thing can make this a good ending: having Jessie back. Brian knows he messed up with Jessie and is truly sorry for what he\'s done. In a last attempt to get her back, Brian and the guys head to the University of Washington where she is giving a freshman orientation. Brian apologizes for what he did, telling Jessie that he\'s never known anyone like her &mdash; she woke him up. He asks her to come with them, but she tearfully says that she can\'t just get up and go. Matt gives her her plane ticket before the four friends leave. With hope, Brian waits at the airport for Jessie, but she does not come. As he sits in his seat, his phone starts ringing; it is Jessie, who is sitting in the back of the plane.'] ['The film tells the story of Sissy Hankshaw , a woman born with a mutation  giving her enormously large thumbs. The film is a transgressive romp, covering topics from homosexuality and free love to drug use and political rebellion to animal rights and body odor and religions. Sissy makes the most of her thumbs by becoming a hitchhiker. Her travels take her to New York, where she becomes a model for a transvestite feminine hygiene products mogul who introduces her to the man whom she will marry, a staid Mohawk named Julian Gitche . In her later travels, she encounters, among many others, a sexually open cowgirl named Bonanza Jellybean  and an itinerant escapee from the Japanese internment camps happily mislabeled "The Chink" .'] ["Two young lovers, Sam Freeman  and Paula Powers , want to get married in Las Vegas. When Paula introduces Sam to her parents they dispute their daughter's decision: they see Collins Hedgeworth , the son of a wealthy family in the area, as her fiancée. Paula's parents are rich as well and her father, Bigby Powers , is planning to run for governor. They think Sam is marrying Paula for the money and call him a fortune hunter, which Paula fiercely disputes. Sam is thrown off the premises and Paula is sent to her room. She escapes through the window, steals her parents' Rolls-Royce, picks up Sam and hits the road: this is the beginning of two runaway lovers in a wild explosive car chase and race towards Las Vegas. As news of their elopement spreads, several people start off after them to try to stop the fleeing couple. Paula's father, Bigby Powers starts the chase by arranging his helicopter. Collins Hedgeworth leaves his stable and starts chasing his love interest like mad. When he calls to the TenQ radio station – to DJ Curly Q. Brown  – he offers a USD$25,000 reward for the ones who can catch Paula and Sam. As a result the chase becomes more and more chaotic as many people along and on the road try to stop the couple in order to claim the reward. A number of cars are wrecked and stolen, and a subsequent reward of $25,000 is offered for Collins Hedgeworth, who is wanted by the police for grand theft auto, after he stole a car. With so many cars following them, Paula and Sam turn onto small, country roads to try to lose their pursuers. He wants to head somewhere else to get married, but she is set on a Vegas wedding. Paula's father makes an emotional appeal to her via telephone, but she refuses to listen to him. As they approach Las Vegas, Sam begins to have doubts about Paula's reasons for elopment, and questions whether she is genuinely motivated by affection for him or a desire to spite her father. She persuades him that she does want to marry him. The chase is gaining increasing coverage in the news media, with live cameras following the chase. The pursuing cars become involved in a demolition derby, leading to a massive pile-up. The priceless Rolls Royce is totally destroyed, but Paula and Sam manage to escape. They eventually get married."] ['A teenaged son has run away from home. His father is ineffective at finding him, so his mother contacts two former lovers from around the time her son was conceived, telling them both that the child is their son and asking them to look for him. One of them  is a tough journalist investigating the Mafia, while the other  is a timid former teacher who was on the verge of committing suicide when he received the telephone call. The two former boyfriends finally meet, and together they locate the son. They both argue who is really the father. In the end the son tells both Depardieu and Richard  that his mother thinks that he is the father. Thus, the son adopts both of them as his fathers, and also reconciles with his real father.'] ["Two childhood friends ([[Oliver James  reunite years later to take part in an unusual quest that involves traveling into the woods in search of Ben's high school sweetheart. They are joined by their British rival Nigel  and, as the stakes get higher and the squirrels turn hostile, the hapless trio attempts to navigate a raging river while realizing that sometimes nature isn't all it's cracked up to be."] ['Rich Texas wheeler-dealer Big Enos Burdette ([[Pat McCormick  and his son, Little Enos ([[Paul Williams , are trying to find a truck driver willing to haul Coors beer to Georgia for their refreshment. At the time, transporting Coors east of the Mississippi River is considered bootlegging, and truck drivers who had taken the bet previously had been discovered and arrested by "Smokey" . At a local truck rodeo, the Texans locate legendary truck driver Bo "Bandit" Darville  and offer him $80,000 to haul 400 cases of Coors beer from Texarkana, Texas to the "Southern Classic" in Georgia – in 28 hours, driving a total of {{convert}}.  Bandit accepts the bet and recruits his best friend and fellow truck driver Cledus "Snowman" Snow  to drive the truck, promising to buy him a new truck. Snowman brings along his dog, a Basset Hound named "Fred", for company. After requesting an advance from the Burdettes for a "speedy car", Bandit purchases a black Pontiac Trans Am, which he drives himself as a "blocker" car to deflect attention away from the truck and its illegal cargo. The duo reach Texas ahead of schedule, load their truck with Coors, and immediately head back towards Georgia. Shortly thereafter, Bandit picks up professional dancer and runaway bride Carrie , whom he nicknames "Frog" because "you\'re cute and I\'d like to jump ya". However, by picking up Carrie, Bandit becomes the target of Texas Sheriff Buford T. Justice , "a respectable law officer of over thirty years seniority", whose handsome yet very simple-minded son Junior ([[Mike Henry  was to have been Carrie\'s groom. The remainder of the film is essentially one big high-speed chase, as Bandit and Frog attract continuous attention from local and state police throughout Arkansas, Mississippi, and Alabama while Snowman barrels eastward with the Coors beer. Despite leaving his home jurisdiction, Sheriff Justice and his son continue to pursue Bandit, even as various mishaps cause their squad car to disintegrate around them. Bandit and Snowman are greatly assisted by a number of colorful characters they encounter along the way, many of whom are truckers they contact through their CB radios; these acquaintances allow them to escape police pursuit on numerous occasions. Neither Justice nor any of the other police officers are ever aware of Snowman\'s illegal cargo of Coors, as they are more interested in capturing the "legendary" Bandit. Despite near-constant police pursuit and several roadblocks, Bandit, Snowman, Frog and Fred arrive at the Southern Classic with a full trailer of Coors and ten minutes to spare, with Cledus blazing a trail into the grounds with his truck. Instead of taking their payoff, they accept the Texans\' new offer to drive to Boston and bring back clam chowder in 18 hours, for double the original bet or nothing. As they are leaving for Boston in one of Big Enos\' Cadillacs, they see Justice\'s badly damaged car on the roadside. Bandit calls Justice over the radio, and, after a brief bit of mutual respect , Justice angrily demands to know where he is. Bandit describes himself as Big Enos in order to put him on a false lead, but then decides that Justice is "too good a man" and tells him, "Look over your left shoulder." As Bandit and his friends drive off, Justice turns to pursue them in futility with his car disintegrating further, leaving Junior to chase haplessly after his father on foot  as the credits roll.'] ['"Beer for My Horses" tells the story of two best friends that work together as deputies in a small town. The two defy the Sheriff and head off on an outrageous road trip to save the protagonist\'s girlfriend from drug lord kidnappers.'] ['As a young ne\'er-do-well named Lightfoot  steals a car, an assassin attempts to shoot a minister delivering a sermon at his pulpit. The preacher escapes on foot. Lightfoot, who happens to be driving by, inadvertently rescues him by running over his pursuer and giving the preacher a lift. Lightfoot eventually learns that the "minister" is really a notorious bank robber known as "The Thunderbolt"  for his use of a 20 millimeter cannon to break into a safe. Hiding out in the guise of a clergyman following the robbery of a Montana bank, Thunderbolt is the only member of his old gang who knows where the loot is hidden. After escaping another attempt on his life by two other men, Thunderbolt tells Lightfoot that the ones trying to kill him are members of his gang who mistakenly thought Thunderbolt had double-crossed them. He and Lightfoot journey to Warsaw, Montana to retrieve the money hidden in an old one-room schoolhouse. They discover the schoolhouse has been replaced by a brand-new school standing in its place. Thunderbolt and Lightfoot are abducted by the men who were shooting at them -- the vicious Red Leary  and the gentle Eddie Goody ([[Geoffrey Lewis  -- and driven to a remote location where Thunderbolt and Red fight each other, after which Thunderbolt explains how he never betrayed the gang. Lightfoot proposes another heist — robbing the same company as before — with a variation on the original plan, since Lightfoot inadvertently killed their electronics expert, Dunlap, in his rescue of the fleeing preacher. In the city where the bank is located, the men find jobs to raise money for needed equipment while they plan the heist. The robbery begins as Thunderbolt and Red gain access to the building. Lightfoot, dressed as a woman, distracts the Western Union office\'s security guard, deactivates the ensuing alarm, and is picked up by Goody. Using an anti-tank cannon to breach the vault\'s wall, as they did in the first heist, the gang escapes with the loot. They flee in the car, with Red and Goody in the trunk, to a nearby drive-in movie in progress. Upon seeing a shirt tail protruding from the car\'s trunk lid, the suspicious theater manager calls the police and a chase ensues. Goody is shot and Red throws him out of the trunk onto a dirt road, where he dies. Red then forces Thunderbolt and Lightfoot to stop the car. He pistol-whips them both, knocking them unconscious, and kicks Lightfoot violently in the head. Red takes off with the loot in the getaway car but is again pursued by police, who shoot Red several times, causing him to lose control of the car and crash through the window of a department store, where he is attacked and killed by the store\'s vicious watchdog. Escaping on foot, Thunderbolt and Lightfoot hitch a ride the next morning and are dropped off near Warsaw, Montana, where they stumble upon the one-room schoolhouse - now an historical monument on the side of a highway - moved there from its original location in Warsaw after the first heist. As the two men retrieve the stolen money, Lightfoot\'s behavior becomes erratic as a result of the beating. Thunderbolt buys a new Cadillac convertible with cash, something Lightfoot said he had always wanted to do, and picks up his waiting partner, who is gradually losing control of the left side of his body. As they drive away celebrating their success with cigars, Lightfoot, in obvious distress, tells Thunderbolt in a slurred voice how proud he is of their \'accomplishments\', and slumps over dead. Thunderbolt snaps Lightfoot\'s cigar in half, and with his dead partner beside him, he drives off down the highway into the distance.'] ["This film tells the story of Paul Kadar, an architect and musician who, en route to Budapest, is overcome by vertigo while contemplating the Danube and throws himself into it. It is an account of the happiness shared by Paul Kadar, his wife Françoise and Roland, their adopted son.<ref namehttp://collections.cinematheque.qc.ca/filmo_repertoire.asp?idIndex: L'Absent |work2009-02-20}} Years later, Roland, still unclear as to the circumstances that led his father to drown himself in the Danube, heads to Europe to find out for himself. His journey takes him to such places as Budapest, Warsaw, Prague and even as far as Tokyo."] ['The film is in three parts. The first introduces three women who are separately suffering from their own psychological injuries. In the second part, the three women encounter each other and other people as they are each on a journey to an island reputed to have healing powers. The last third of the film deals with the characters on a boat headed to the island.Synopsis from {{cite web}}'] ['{{Plot}} Adam  and Harley  drive across the country so Adam can tell his ex-girlfriend he still loves her before she gets married. After an encounter with a hearse, the two stop at a pub. They see a monster truck rally on TV and Harley mocks the people watching it. As they are driving away, a giant monster truck drives them off the road. Later on, they have to siphon gasoline from an abandoned RV. However, it is revealed that the RV has a mutilated body inside and the RV is surrounded by truck tracks that form a pentagram. They later stop at a gas station and see the same monster truck. Adam sees the strange-looking driver and Harley urinates in the cab of the monster truck before they speed away. At a hotel, Adam and Harley wake up with roadkill in their beds; they find a hitchhiker named Sarah  sleeping in the backseat when they get to the car. Sarah eventually has sex with Adam. Later, they witness the monster truck run over a man, and they meet a man missing an arm who tells them the creature in the monster truck takes people\'s limbs, but lets the victims live. Afterwards, the three drive through a ghost town with many scarecrows. They find a diner at the end of the town and begin to eat, but Adam finds they are eating human flesh. They panic and run away. After being chased by the man in the monster truck, their car is destroyed. Adam, Harley, and Sarah run into the woods and the man follows them. He finally catches up with them and shoves Harley into a tree, supposedly killing him, and kidnaps Sarah. Adam follows him to a shack covered with pentagrams, severed limbs, and a man whose entire middle section has been crushed. Adam finally finds Sarah and tries to escape, but Sarah knocks him unconscious. Sarah and the man, Bob, are brother and sister. They tie Adam to a table while the "corpse" with the crushed midsection, Fred, explains that Bob accidentally ran him over, crushing his midsection and sending Bob through the windshield. Sarah says she stitched Fred up and used black magic to bring him back to life. Fred explains that they can use other people\'s limbs to add to his own body as long as the donor stays alive and they could only transfer entire bodies if the body was prepared correctly. Sarah says that they needed someone easy to prepare and Adam was the right person. Previous events begin to make sense to Adam. Everything that happened to Adam and Harley before was preparing Adam so that Fred could have his body: stepping into a pentagram with a mutilated body, sleeping with roadkill, Sarah having sex with him, and eating human flesh. Adam manages to escape and kills Sarah by slashing her throat. He also cuts Fred in half when he gets up and starts to attack him. Meanwhile, Bob locks the door. When Adam tries to leave, Bob swallows the key. After a fight, Adam blinds Bob with a pencil. Fred trips Adam, who gets a nose bleed. Bob senses the blood and tells Adam that he can track him now with his own blood. Adam quickly thinks and leads a trail of blood to a blade that is stuck in a door. The plan works and Bob is impaled by the blade. Adam reaches into Bob\'s impaled stomach and takes the key that was swallowed. Outside, Bob chases Adam, but is run over by his own monster truck driven by Harley. Harley remarks he was playing dead and apologizes to Adam, and Adam gives up on getting Betty-Ann to fall in love with him. Adam then continues to run over Bob with the monster truck. At the end, the mutilated remains of Bob are seen saying "You can\'t kill me."'] ["Bud Clay , a motorcycle racer, undertakes a cross-country drive, following a race in New Hampshire, in order to participate in a race in California. All the while he is haunted by memories of his former lover, Daisy . On his journey he meets three women, but is unable to form an emotional connection with any of them. He first meets Violet  at a gas station in New Hampshire and convinces her to join him on his trip to California. They stop at her home in order to get her clothes, but he drives off as soon as she enters the house. Bud's next stop is at Daisy's parents' home, the location of Daisy's brown bunny. Daisy's mother does not remember Bud, who grew up in the house next door, nor does she remember having visited Bud and Daisy in California. Next, Bud stops at a pet shelter, where he asks about the life expectancy of rabbits . At a highway rest stop, he joins a distressed woman, Lilly , comforts and kisses her, before starting to cry and eventually leaving her. Bud appears more distressed as the road trip continues, crying as he drives. He stops at the Bonneville Speedway to race his motorcycle. In Las Vegas, he drives around prostitutes on street corners, before deciding to ask one of them, Rose , to join him for a lunch. She eats McDonald's food in his truck until he stops, pays her, and leaves her back on the street. After having his motorcycle checked in a bike shop in Los Angeles, Bud stops at Daisy's home, which appears abandoned. He leaves a note on the door frame, after sitting in his truck in the driveway remembering about kissing Daisy in this place and checks in at a hotel. There, Daisy eventually appears. She seems nervous, going to the bathroom twice to smoke crack cocaine, while Bud waits for her, sitting on his bed. As she proposes to go out to buy something to drink, Bud tells her that, because of what happened the last time they saw each other, he doesn't drink anymore. They have an argument about Daisy kissing other boys. At this point, Bud undresses Daisy and she performs an apparently unsimulated fellatio on him, culminating in her swallowing his semen. Once done, he insults her as they lie in bed, talking about what happened during their last meeting. Bud continuously asks Daisy why she had been involved with some men at a party. She explains that she was just being friendly and wanted to smoke pot with them. Bud becomes upset because Daisy was pregnant and it transpires that the baby died as a result of what happened at this party. Through flashback scenes, the viewer understands that Daisy was raped at the party, a scene witnessed by Bud, who did not intervene. Bud explains to her that he did not know what to do and decided to leave the party. As he came back, he saw an ambulance in front of the house and Daisy explains to Bud that she is dead, having passed out prior to the rape and then choked to death on her own vomit. Bud awakens the next morning, alone; his encounter with Daisy was a figment of his imagination. The movie ends as Bud is driving his truck in California."] ["Three men, previously unknown to each other, are arrested in New Orleans and placed in the same cell. Both Zack , a disc jockey, and Jack , a pimp, have been set up, neither having committed the crime for which they have been arrested. Their cellmate Bob , an Italian tourist who understands minimal English, was imprisoned for manslaughter. Zack and Jack soon come to blows and thereafter avoid speaking to each other. Bob has an irrepressible need for conversation. He hatches a plan to escape, and before long the three are on the run through the swamp surrounding the prison. Hopelessly lost and with a simmering hatred between Jack and Zack almost causing the party to split up, they are brought together by Bob's ability to provide food. The trio eventually chance across a house in the forest, the residence of Nicoletta . Bob and Nicoletta instantly fall in love, and Bob decides to stay with her in the forest. Zack and Jack go their separate ways—an unspoken, begrudging friendship hanging between them as they part."] ['In between sprees featuring drugs, fights, sexual assault, loud revving Harley chopper engines and bongo drums, the Angels ride out to Mecca, California in the desert to look for the Loser\'s stolen motorcycle. They blame a group of Mexicans in a repair shop, and the two groups brawl. The police arrive, chasing the Angels on foot, and the Loser escapes by stealing a police motorcycle. After a chase on mountain roads, one of the officers shoots the Loser in the back, putting him in the hospital. Blues leads a small group of Angels that sneaks him out of the hospital, and one of them begins to sexually attack a black nurse until Blues pulls him away. The nurse identifies Blues to police though he stopped the attack. Without proper medical care, the Loser goes into shock and dies. His cohorts forge a death certificate and arrange a church funeral in the Loser’s rural hometown. Blues interrupts the service and, the Angels have a "party." The Angels remove the Loser from his Nazi flag-draped casket, sit him up and place a joint in his mouth, knock out the minister, place him in the casket, and two Angels drug and rape the Loser’s grieving widow, Gaysh, while Blues is apparently having sex with another woman. Later, the Angels proceed to the Sequoia Grove cemetery to bury the Loser. There, the locals throw stones at the Angels and provoke a fight. As police sirens approach and everyone scatters, Mike begs Blues to leave immediately, but he refuses and tells her to leave with another member of the gang. Blues stays behind, and before burying his friend on his own, says with resignation, "There’s nowhere to go."'] ['The film deals loosely with life on the road as a rock musician.Miles, 2004, Frank Zappa, p. 207. The Mothers of Invention go crazy in the small town Centerville, and bassist Jeff quits the group, as did his real life counterpart, Jeff Simmons, who left the group before the film began shooting and was replaced by actor Martin Lickert for the film.<ref namehttp://movies.nytimes.com/movie/review?resMovie Review: 200 Motels |lastVincent|publisherNo self-proclaimed surrealistic documentary can be all bad when it has a score composed by Frank Zappa...|dateSep. 17, 2010}}{{cite book}}'] ['The film opens with a documentary-like scene in which white and black students argue about an impending student strike. Mark  says he is "willing to die, but not of boredom" for the cause, which draws criticism from the young white radicals. Following a mass arrest at the campus protest, Mark visits a police station hoping to bail his roommate out of jail. He is told to wait but goes to the lock-up area, asks further about bail for his roommate, is rebuffed, calls out to the arrested students and faculty and is arrested himself. He gives his name as Karl Marx, which a duty officer types as "Carl Marx." After he is released from jail, Mark and another friend buy firearms from a Los Angeles gun shop, saying they need them for "self defense" to "protect our women." In a downtown Los Angeles office building, successful real estate executive Lee Allen  reviews a television commercial for Sunny Dunes, a new resort-like real estate development in the desert. Instead of actors or models, the slickly produced commercial features casually dressed, smiling mannequins. In the next scene Allen talks with his associate  about the greater Los Angeles area\'s very rapid growth as the two drive through crowded streets. Mark goes to a bloody campus confrontation between students and police. Some students are tear-gassed and at least one is shot. Mark reaches for a gun in his boot and a Los Angeles policeman is seen being fatally shot, although it is unclear by whom.<ref name9E04E2DB1F3FE034BC4852DFB466838B669EDE Screen: Antonioni\'s \'Zabriskie Point\'], The New York Times, 10 February 1970, retrieved 2 February 2010 Mark flees the campus and rides a city bus to suburban Hawthorne where, after failing to buy a sandwich on credit from a local blue collar delicatessen, he walks to Hawthorne Municipal Airport, steals a small plane and flies into the desert. Meanwhile Daria , "a sweet, pot-smoking post-teenybopper of decent inclinations,"moviecrazed.com, Out of the past, retrieved 2 February 2010 Later a California highway patrolman suspiciously questions Daria. Hidden behind a portable toilet meant for tourists, Mark takes aim and almost shoots the policeman but Daria stands between the two of them to block this, apparently saving the policeman\'s life before he drives away. Mark tells Daria the gun is unloaded, then shallowly buries it. Getting back to the stolen plane, they paint it with politically charged slogans and psychedelic colors. Daria pleads with Mark to travel with her and leave the plane, but Mark is intent on returning and taking the risks that it involves. He flies back to Los Angeles and lands the plane at the airport in Hawthorne; however, the police  are waiting for him. Patrol cars chase the plane down the runway. Rather than stopping, Mark tries to turn the taxiing plane around across the grass and is shot to death by one of the policemen. Daria soon learns about Mark\'s death on the car radio and drives to her boss Lee\'s lavish desert home, "a desert Berchtesgaden"'] ['In the farside base on one of Neptune\'s moons, Triton, company soldiers set up their defense perimeter, preparing for an attack from an unstoppable cyborg warrior. The officer and building commander seals the room. During a routine transmission the outside tank patrol is attacked and destroyed. Almost immediately after the chopper patrol is attacked and crashes into the base, allowing the cyborg into the sealed room. The soldiers are no match for the cyborg and are killed one by one. At the last second Nabel deactivates the warrior with a remote control. They find out the cyborg warrior was created by their boss, E. J. Saggs and Nabel. After Saggs finds out about the remote, he has Nabel killed by one of the cyborgs. Keller, the trucker boss, is killed during a brawl on the space station. Truckers John, Cindy and Mike take a job delivering "Sex dolls" to Earth. They are aware that the cargo are not really sex dolls, but this is the only way they can get off of the station. John decides to go through the pirate controlled scum-zone; the truck is damaged and they are captured by the pirates. Cindy agrees to have sex with the pirate captain if he will take only their cargo and let them go. The Captain reveals himself to be Nabel, who survived Sagg\'s attempt on his life, but only as a badly built cyborg. One of the cyborgs breaks out of the containers and kills the pirates, giving Cindy a chance to escape and free John and Mike. They take off to Earth, but the wounded Nabel is on board with them. He tells John and Mike the truth about their cargo - when they get to Earth a large number of cyborgs will be set loose, effectively killing the entire population. John tells Cindy and Mike to take the escape pod and he will release the cargo in the atmosphere so it will burn up on reentry. He does so but his truck is destroyed too. Cindy and Mike decide to marry, and see Cindy\'s mother, who is surprisingly young and attractive. She became ill 20 years ago and was frozen until a cure was found. John is smitten with her. Within a few days Saggs has been elected World President. He visits the trio in the hospital and offers John a new truck and a suitcase full of money if the group will keep quiet about his cyborg plan. John agrees, but Mike is angry and throws the suitcase out of the window just as Saggs is getting in his limo. Saggs has planted a bomb in the case and pushes the detonator button just as it lands on the limo\'s roof, killing him. With Saggs dead and Earth safe, Mike, Cindy, John and Cindy\'s mother blast off in the brand new truck that Saggs gave them.'] ['Verona De Tessant  and Burt Farlander  are in their early thirties and struggling to meet daily needs and build fulfilling lives as an anatomy artist and a salesman of insurance futures, respectively. When they learn they will soon become parents, they are confronted with the challenge of how - and where - to raise a child and build a happy family. Six months into Verona\'s pregnancy, she and Burt visit their only family in the area, Burt\'s parents, Gloria and Jerry , only to find that they have decided to move to Antwerp, Belgium, for two years a month before the baby is due to be born. Frustrated at Burt\'s parents\' selfishness and ill-thinking, he and Verona see this as an opportunity to find somewhere else to raise their family. They first visit Phoenix, Arizona, meeting up with Verona\'s old boss, Lily , her husband, Lowell , and their two children. Burt in particular is disturbed by Lily and Lowell\'s crass and mean-spirited behavior toward one another and their children. Burt and Verona next visit Verona\'s sister, Grace , in Tucson, Arizona. At Verona\'s request, Burt tries to persuade Grace to stay with her boring boyfriend. When Burt takes a call and displays his trademark humor, Grace tells Verona that she is lucky to have him and Verona agrees. While shopping, Grace tries to get Verona to talk about their deceased parents. On their way to Wisconsin, they are told they cannot fly by airline employees who believe Verona is in her eighth month. The couple insists that she is only six months in but ultimately take a train. In Madison, Wisconsin, the couple visits Burt\'s childhood friend and pseudo-cousin, "LN" , a college professor with inherited money and radical views about parenting. Burt and Verona bring a stroller as a gift, greatly angering LN as she and her husband Roderick ([[Josh Hamilton  are a "continuum home." When Roderick\'s condescension and LN\'s backhanded compliments to Verona get to be too much for Burt, he tells them they are horrible people and he and Verona leave but not before letting their kid take a ride in the stroller, which he enjoys. Burt and Verona then visit old college friends in Montreal, Tom ([[Chris Messina  and his wife, Munch Garnett , and their diverse family of adopted children. Verona and Burt are happy to have found a loving family and a nice town and decide to move to Montreal. After dinner they wind up at a bar during "amateur dance night" in which Munch is an active participant. During Munch\'s performance, Tom confesses to Burt that Munch has recently suffered her fifth miscarriage and that they seem unable to have biological children. Verona has also picked up clues over the night and shares a knowing glance with Burt as Munch and Tom embrace. In the morning, Burt receives an emergency call from his brother, Courtney ([[Paul Schneider , in Miami, whose wife has left him. Burt and Verona fly to Miami, where Courtney worries about his young daughter and the potential effects of a divorce on her. Burt tries to comfort Courtney while Verona spends time with his daughter. Burt and Verona spend the night outside on a trampoline, promising to love each other and their daughter and have a happy home. The next day, Verona tells Burt a story about her childhood and her parents. Moved by her memory, they decide to settle in Verona\'s old family home. Realizing it is the place for them, they sit together happily, overlooking the water.'] ['The film follows the story of a seventy-five year old Cree tribesman named Martin Fox who has been reading too many tabloids and learning that Elvis and Lady Di are still alive. From this he begins to wonder if his hero Hank Williams is not still alive as well. Before he dies he commits to making a Greyhound trip to Nashville to find out more about the country music legend. Williams is actually buried in Montgomery, Alabama.'] ['Aist is a middle-aged bachelor who leads a lonely life in the northern town of Neya. Like many of his neighbours, he identifies himself as a Meryan and strives to keep alive the ancient traditions of his people. One day his boss, Miron, informs Aist of the death of his wife Tanya. Later, the pair spend quite some time washing her body and putting coloured threads in her pubic hair. . The two men take her body to Gorbatov , in order to perform cremation rites on the banks of the Oka River. In the car, they carry with them two Bunting birds. On their way back to Neya, they get lost and are approached by two prostitutes, with whom they have sex. Later on, while crossing "the great Meryan river" , on the Kineshma Bridge, the Buntings fly around the car, causing it to crash into the river. Both men drown.'] ["Eddie Miller  is a traveling salesman, servicing towns in Pennsylvania. He sells diamonds and jewelry to 'Mom & Pop' one of a kind stores. In the business for thirty years, he is weary of the grind after recovering from a heart attack, the recent death of his wife, and the corporate take-over that he senses will eliminate his employment. He is a 'liability', a dinosaur. A last task: train his replacement, Bobby Walker . This is a 'road' film, 'buddy' film, and 'coming-of-age' film as the plot unfolds. Eddie eases up on the brash, uncouth Bobby, and they eventually develop a mutual respect; learning from each other. Tina , a Madam with a heart of gold, and Katie  as a reluctant prostitute complete the unique cast of characters."] ['Darly Peters  is a brassy waitress and former stripper who used to use the stage name Pillow Talk. Darly is on her way to Alaska to claim a home being built for her and return to the family she abandoned eighteen years earlier. She meets Marianne Johnson , a quiet waif who just walked out on her abusive husband. Darly allows Marianne to tag along as they journey across country to Alaska. Along the way, they meet a collection of colorful characters, including a strange-talking waitress named 66 , and Walt , a road guy who recognizes Darly as the former Pillow Talk and wants to pay her big money for sex. The women finally make it to Alaska, where Darly finds that the house she was expecting to find has never been built. The two set up in a house trailer and, with the Alaskan wilderness as a backdrop, they begin to reevaluate their lives.'] [" An old man standing outside a skee ball arcade in New Jersey is beaten into a coma by three hockey stick-wielding teenagers, the Stygian Triplets. Two fallen angels, Bartleby and Loki, were banished from Heaven after an inebriated Loki, with Bartleby's encouragement, resigned as the Angel of Death. Exiled to Wisconsin, the pair see their salvation when a church in Red Bank, New Jersey celebrates its centennial anniversary with a plenary indulgence. They can have their sins forgiven by passing through the doors of that church, and—upon death—regain access to Heaven. They fail to realize that this will overrule the word of God and destroy existence.  Metatron, the Voice of God, appears to Bethany Sloane and tasks her with preventing Bartleby and Loki's return. Bethany resists the mission, as she lost her faith in God due to her infertility and resultant divorce. Bethany is attacked by the Stygian Triplets, but is saved by Jay and Silent Bob, two prophets whom Metatron said would appear. She is also aided by Rufus, the thirteenth apostle, and Serendipity, a Muse with writer's block. The demon Azrael, a former Muse, warns Bartleby and Loki that the forces of Heaven and Hell are attempting to kill them, as Satan will not let them succeed where he has failed and make him look bad. Bethany's party unwittingly meet the angels on a train, where a drunk Bethany reveals her mission to Bartleby, who threatens to kill Bethany before a melee ensues, in which Bartleby and Loki are thrown off the train by Silent Bob. Bartleby rants that existence would be better off destroyed as God shows man infinite patience, while angels are punished after one transgression. Loki is alarmed by the ramifications of their plan and becomes reluctant to continue, comparing Bartleby's attitude to that of Lucifer. Bartleby orders him onwards. Bethany learns she was chosen for the mission because she is the last relative of Jesus Christ. The group ponders who orchestrated the angels' plan, and Metatron explains that God goes to Earth in human form every now and again to play skee ball, and has gone missing; someone knew enough to incapacitate God but leaving Him alive in a mortal form, and thus be unable to return to Heaven. The group deduces that Lucifer has as much to lose if Bartleby and Loki succeed as anyone else. Arriving at the church, they fail to persuade Cardinal Glick to cancel the celebration. As revenge Jay steals his golf club. When Bartleby and Loki reach the church, Bartleby kills everyone attending the celebration. At a nearby bar, Azrael captures the heroes and explains that he is the mastermind behind the angels' plan; he wants to destroy existence rather than spend eternity in Hell, but he needed to manipulate Bartleby and Loki, as demons cannot become human. Silent Bob kills Azrael with Cardinal Glick's blessed golf club. Serendipity tells Bethany to bless the sink, making the water in the sink holy; Jay, Rufus and Serendipity kill the Stygian Triplets by dunking their heads into the water. The heroes reach the church before Bartleby and Loki enter. Loki's wings have been torn off by Bartleby; he is now human and decides to help them. Bartleby kills Loki and fights off Rufus, Serendipity and Bob. During an attempt to seduce Bethany, Jay mentions John Doe Jersey, a comatose patient in a hospital across the street who was attacked outside a skee ball arcade and is being kept on life support. Hoping this is God, Bethany and Bob race to the hospital. Jay shoots off Bartleby's wings with a submachine gun, turning him human. Bethany removes the life support, allowing God to escape while inadvertently killing Bethany. In the form of a woman, God manifests at the church before a remorseful Bartleby, and kills him with the power of Her voice. Silent Bob shows up with Bethany's blood-stained corpse. God resurrects Bethany and conceives a child inside her. The heavenly beings return to Heaven, leaving Bethany, Jay and Bob to reflect on events."] ["When Arvilla Holden's considerably older husband Joe dies while the two are vacationing in Borneo, she has his remains cremated and returns with them to their home in Pocatello, Idaho with plans to scatter them as he wished. Joe's resentful daughter Francine from his first marriage demands Arvilla relinquish the ashes so they can be buried in the family crypt in Montecito, California and threatens to sell Arvilla's home, which was left to Francine in her father's original will, unless she cooperates. Arvilla grudgingly agrees and invites her best friends, single and lonely Margene, a former teacher who lost her job because she advocated birth control to her students, and married Carol, a devout Mormon, to accompany her to the memorial service. The three women drive to Salt Lake City International Airport in Holden's refurbished 1966 Pontiac Bonneville convertible, but Arvilla decides to detour to the Bonneville Salt Flats, a place she and Joe had visited on their honeymoon. As they race across the flats, the top of the urn containing the ashes falls off and some of them are scattered in the wind. Arvilla decides to honor Joe's last request and scatter his ashes at other places they visited throughout their twenty-year-long marriage. This change of plans results in a road trip that takes the women to Bryce Canyon National Park, Skull Valley, Lake Powell, Las Vegas, and the desert near Palm Springs. During their journey they encounter Bo Douglas, a young man searching for the father he never knew, and Emmett, an aging long-distance truck driver who has devoted his life to the road ever since his wife died, in addition to exploring their friendship and themselves as they come of age for the second time."] ['Five appliances — a radio, Radio ; a lamp, Lampy ; an electric blanket, Blanky ; a vacuum cleaner, Kirby ; and a toaster, Toaster  — live in an vacant cabin located in the countryside. Each day they await their "Master", a child whom they have not seen for many years, with a growing sense of abandonment. When a car stops at the cabin and turns out to be a real estate broker placing a "for sale" sign, the appliances spiral into despair. Unable to accept that the Master would abandon them, Toaster decides that the group should head out and find the Master. The appliances rig up a car battery to an office chair pulled by Kirby and set out into the world, following the Radio\'s signal broadcasted from the city, where the Master lives. From the cabin to the big city, the appliances have many harrowing adventures where they slowly learn to work together. Shortly after stopping to rest within a forest, a violent storm during nightfall wakes Toaster and the others and blows Blanky up into the trees, and Lampy risks his life by using himself as a lightning rod to recharge the group\'s dead battery. After recovering Blanky, the group tries to cross a waterfall, only to have everyone fall in except for Kirby. Kirby dives after them and rescues them, and the appliances wash up into the middle of a swamp. After losing both the chair and the battery, the group resorts to pulling a disabled Kirby through the swamp. After almost drowning in quicksand, they are rescued by Elmo St. Peters, the owner of an appliance parts store. At the store they meet a group of partially dismantled or broken appliances, who have given up on hope and await being disassembled and sold. After Radio is taken from the shelf and is about to have his radio tubes extracted, the appliances trick St. Peters, allowing them all to escape and head into the city. The Master, whose name is revealed to be Rob , lives in an apartment as a young adult and is about to depart for college. The Master leaves with his girlfriend Chris  to head back to the cabin to pick up the appliances to take with him. The modern electronics in the apartment become disappointed and jealous. When the appliances arrive at Rob\'s apartment, the modern appliances convince them that they are outdated and unusable, tossing them into the garbage, where they are shortly transported to Ernie\'s Disposal, a junkyard. Rob and Chris return home after thinking his original appliances have been stolen. Rob\'s black and white television , who originally lived with the appliances, broadcasts fake advertisements and convinces Rob and Chris to look at Ernie\'s Disposal for replacements. At the junkyard, the appliances lose hope and put themselves at the mercy of a giant magnetic crane that picks up junk and places it on a conveyor belt that leads into a car crusher. When they discover that Rob is in the junkyard, they are encouraged and attempt to foil the magnetic crane in order to allow Rob to find them. After being thwarted several times, the evil magnetic crane picks up Rob himself as well as the appliances, except for Toaster, and drops them on the compactor\'s conveyor belt. In a climactic act of self-sacrifice, Toaster leaps into the compactor\'s drive gears and stops the machine from destroying all of the appliances and Rob. Rob returns to the apartment with all of the appliances in tow, including a now mangled Toaster. Rob repairs the Toaster and takes all of them to college with him.'] ['Finding North tells the story of Rhonda , a bank teller who\'s depressed upon turning 30, and Travis , a gay man who\'s recently lost his lover to AIDS and grown suicidal. Travis receives an audio tape recorded by his lover, Bobby, before his death which sends him on a scavenger hunt of sorts to Bobby\'s home town in Texas. Through a series of mishaps, Rhonda ends up accompanying him on his journey. Together they follow Bobby\'s instructions as best they can, collecting items that represent Bobby\'s past, despite the many changes to the town in the years since Bobby left. Ultimately they end up at the gravesite Bobby\'s parents had prepared for him decades earlier. They bury the collected items at Bobby\'s instruction and together start to try "finding North" .'] ["The film follows Ibro  and his son Armin , who travel from a small town in Bosnia to a film audition in Zagreb, hoping to land a part for Armin in a German film about the war in Bosnia. On their way to fulfilling the boy's dream, they encounter a series of disappointing setbacks&nbsp;— their bus to Zagreb breaks down and they are late for the audition. After Ibro convinces the director to give the boy a second chance, they soon realize that Armin is too old for the part anyway. As it becomes obvious that Armin's dream of playing a part in the movie will never happen, he feels increasingly disheartened, while Ibro's determination to help his son grows. Finally they do get another chance, but Armin buckles under the pressure and experiences an epileptic seizure. As they get ready to head back to Bosnia, the film crew makes an unexpected offer, but when Ibro refuses, Armin at last realizes how much his father really loves him."] [' The story concerns three young people: British Sergeant Peter Gibbs , US Army Sergeant Bob Johnson (played by real-life Sergeant [[John Sweet , and a \'Land Girl\', Miss Alison Smith . The group arrive at the railway station in the fictitious small Kent town of Chillingbourne , near Canterbury, late on Friday night, 27 August 1943. Peter has been stationed at a nearby Army camp, Alison is due to start working on a farm in the area, and Bob left the train by mistake, hearing the announcement "next stop Canterbury" and thinking he was in Canterbury. As they leave the station together Alison is attacked by a mysterious assailant in uniform who pours glue on her hair, before escaping. It transpires that this has happened quite a few times before. Alison asks Bob if he could spend the weekend in Chillingbourne to help her solve the mystery. The next day, while riding a farm cart in the countryside, Alison meets Peter, who surrounds her cart with his platoon of three Bren Gun Carriers. Alison agrees to meet Peter again. The three decide to investigate the attack, enlisting the help of the locals, including several young boys who play large-scale war games. The three use their detective skills to identify the culprit as a local magistrate, Mr Thomas Colpeper , a gentleman farmer and pillar of the community, who also gives local history lectures to soldiers stationed in the district. Alison interviews all the glue man\'s victims to identify the dates and times of their attacks. Gibbs visits Colpeper at his home and borrows the fire watch roster listing the nights Colpeper was on duty in the town hall, whilst Johnson\'s boy commandos, under the cover of a paper drive for salvage lets Johnson discover receipts for gum used to make glue sold to Colpeper. The dates of the attacks correspond with Colpeper\'s night watches where he wore a Home Guard uniform kept in the town hall to carry out his attacks. On a train journey to Canterbury on the Monday morning, Colpeper joins them in their compartment. They confront him with their suspicions, which he doesn\'t deny, and they discover that his motive is to prevent the soldiers from being distracted away from his lectures by female company and to help keep the local women faithful to their absent British boyfriends. In Colpeper\'s words, Chaucer\'s pilgrims travelled to Canterbury to "receive a blessing, or to do penance". On arriving in the city of Canterbury, devastated by wartime bombing, all three young people receive blessings of their own. Alison discovers that her boyfriend, believed killed in the war, has survived after all; his father, who had blocked their marriage because he thought his son could do better than a shopgirl, finally relents. Bob receives long-delayed letters from his sweetheart, who is now a WAC in Australia. Peter, a cinema organist before the war, gets to play the music of J.S. Bach on the large organ at Canterbury Cathedral, before leaving with his unit. He decides not to report Mr Colpeper to the Canterbury police, as he had planned to do – in its way a blessing for Colpeper, when he had expected instead to do penance.'] ["{{section-incomplete}} The film takes place in and around the city of Tianjin, in northeastern China. Two divorced singles , marry, each bringing a daughter into their new home. Xiaolan ([[Li Jun , short haired is fiercely independent and wishes to work in a factory after she graduates from high school. Her stepsister, Xiaoqin , is more intellectual, and wishes to enter a university. After a dispute over a mere 5 yuan that Xiaoqin accuses Xiaolan of stealing, Xiaolan hits her stepsister over the head. To the surprise of everyone, Xiaoqin succumbs to the injury and dies and Xiaolan is led to jail. The film then cuts seventeen years into the future. Xiaolan has been selected as one of the lucky inmates allowed a furlough during the New Year holiday. At the same time, a young prison guard, Chen Jie  is calling her mother to say that she will soon be returning home for the holiday. While waiting for the inmates to be picked up by their families, Chen Jie notices that soon only Xiaolan remains. In an act of charity, Chen Jie offers to help Xiaolan return home. Upon arriving at her old apartment, however, both women discover that the home has long since been torn down, and Xiaolan's parents moved to another part of the city. Chen Jie, however, is now determined that Xiaolan will spend the holiday with her family and the two set out in search of parents who may not want to see their only daughter..."] 