['An old man named Fred ([[John Steadman  is packing his truck. A ragged and somewhat feral teenage girl approaches. Annoyed, Fred addresses her as Ruby. She offers to trade what she has in her bag for food, but the old man refuses. They walk into a small cabin and Fred scolds her for what she and "they" have done. Ruby says that her family ambushed a nearby airfield because they were hungry and no one passes by their home anymore. She pleads with Fred to take her with him. He tells Ruby that if "the pack", in particular someone named Jupiter, learns what she is doing, she could be in danger. A noise distracts them, and Ruby hides. The Carter family is traveling on vacation. Parents Bob  and Ethel  are driving, accompanied by their teenage children Bobby  and Brenda , eldest daughter Lynn , along with Lynn\'s husband Doug , baby daughter Katie, and their dogs, Beauty and Beast. They stop at Fred\'s Oasis for fuel. Fred tells them to stay on the main road. Later, they skid off a desert road and crash, owing to what is later revealed to be a booby trap. Bob walks back to Fred\'s Oasis to get help. Fred\'s son and his son\'s family of deranged cannibals dwell in the wilderness through which the Carters are traveling. They are commanded by Papa Jupiter , patriarch of the clan. He killed his mother, Fred\'s wife, during childbirth. As a child, he killed the livestock on his father\'s farm and later murdered his sister. Fred attacked his son with a tire iron and left him in the wilderness to die. Jupiter survived, and mated with a depraved, alcoholic prostitute known as Mama . Together, they had three sons, Mars , Pluto  and Mercury , and their abused daughter Ruby . They survive by stealing from and cannibalizing travelers. As night falls, Bob reaches the gas station, where Fred tells him the origin of the hill people. Papa Jupiter arrives, kills Fred with a tire iron and takes Bob prisoner. Doug and Lynne are sleeping in the car while everyone else stays in the trailer. Bobby gets locked out of the trailer and asks Doug for his keys. Bobby does not know the trailer is locked because Pluto is looking through their valuables, while Ethel and Brenda sleep in the next room. As Bobby enters the trailer, Papa Jupiter sets Bob ablaze on a stake in the distance. Ethel, Lynne, Doug and Bobby rush to Bob, while Brenda stays in the trailer with the baby. Everyone tries extinguishing the fire, while Pluto and Mars rape Brenda. The Carters extinguish the fire, but Bob dies shortly after. When Ethel and Lynne return to the trailer, Pluto runs away. Lynne finds Mars taking her baby. She attacks Mars as Ethel hits him with a broom. Mars shoots Ethel and Lynne. Pluto abducts the baby and flees with Mars. Doug rushes in to find Lynne dead; Ethel dies shortly after. Doug sets out to find his baby while Bobby and Brenda remain behind. Beauty has been savaged by the clan, and Ruby is forced to eat it as punishment. She is chained outside the cave where the clan live, with Mama tormenting her. The men of the clan return to the cave, but Mercury is ambushed and pushed to his death off a hilltop by Beast. Papa Jupiter and Pluto return to the trailer to kill the survivors. Pluto is incapacitated by Beast, and Papa Jupiter is killed by a trap set by Brenda and Bobby. Doug sees Ruby knock out Mama and escape with Katie into the hills, followed by Mars. Doug catches up with Ruby and the baby. Mars follows them into the hills, but as he tries to kill Doug, Ruby interferes by putting a rattlesnake against Mars\' neck, enabling Doug to overpower his assailant. The film ends with a closeup of Doug frantically stabbing Mars to death while Ruby weeps over her brother\'s body.'] ["The film opens with Bobby, one of the survivors from the first film and his psychiatrist discussing when Papa Jupiter tried to kill him and Brenda eight years ago. Bobby is still disturbed by the events in the first film, but he and Rachel  now own a biker team. Bobby and Ruby have also invented a super fuel that can power bikes, but the team is due to race in the desert where the original massacre took place. Bobby's psychiatrist tries to convince him to go, but Bobby decides against it. Rachel takes his place and the team consisting of the blind Cass, her boyfriend Roy, Harry, Hulk, Foster, Sue and Jane meet up at a bus and set off. Along the way, they pick up Beast, the dog from the first one who now belongs to Rachel. Going through the desert, they get lost and Harry suggests a shortcut through the bombing range. As they drive, the bus begins leaking petrol. However, the bus arrives at an old mining ranch in a new area unseen in the first film. As they explore the mine, Pluto, who survived his attack from Beast in the previous film, jumps Rachel. She fends him off though and he retreats. No one believes her at first but then Pluto returns and steals one of their bikes. Roy and Harry give chase although Harry falls behind, gets caught in a trap and is flattened by a massive rock. Roy catches Pluto but is ambushed by a 7-foot cannibal called the Reaper and knocked out, but is still alive. The Reaper is revealed to be Papa Jupiter's big brother later on. Meanwhile, the rest of the group stay at the mine until nightfall, at which time they begin to get worried for Roy and Harry. Rachel and Hulk depart to look for them while the others stay put. The Reaper then begins to stalk the remaining teens. First Hulk, who he shoots through the chest with a spear bolt, leaving Rachel to run around. She briefly runs into Pluto, but Beast surprises him and chases him away. She then runs into the Reaper again and is killed. The Reaper then returns to the mine, where he pulls Foster under the bus and kills him with a hatchet. Jane finds Foster's body but the Reaper catches her and crushes her in a bearhug,Sue returned to the camp only to be thrown by a window by the Reaper and then getting her throat slit with a machete, leaving only Cass. Meanwhile, Roy wakes up and runs into Pluto at the top of a cliff. Pluto gets ready to attack Roy but Beast returns and knocks him off the cliff, killing him. Cass runs from the Reaper and ends up in his mineshaft where he dumped the bodies.There she comes across the corpses of her friends and the grissly remains of Harry. She throws a jar of acid at his face and escapes up a rope with help from Roy. The Reaper follows them but they trap him in the bus where all the bike fuel is. They set it on fire and watch as it blows up. The Reaper escapes from the wreckage with flames all over his body and tries one more time to kill them but stumbles down into an open mineshaft, leading to his death. Roy, Cass, and Beast walk away from the mine into the vast desert and follow the road home."] ['The film begins with Leatherface  bludgeoning a young woman, Gina to death with a sledgehammer before beginning the process of cutting off her face in order to make it into a mask. Gina\'s sister, Sara  watches from a nearby window. Leatherface hears Sara outside, and after she flees, he briefly checks outside before going back to work. Some time later, Michelle  and her boyfriend Ryan ([[William Butler , both traveling through Texas, pass through a security checkpoint near the excavation of a large number of butchered bodies and reach the Last Chance Gas Station. At the station, they meet a hitchhiking cowboy named Tex  and the station\'s perverted owner Alfredo . Tex shows Ryan a route on the map that can get them to a town. A fight soon breaks out between Tex and Alfredo when Tex finds the latter spying on Michelle while she uses the station restroom. As Michelle and Ryan flee from the station in their car, they witness Alfredo apparently killing Tex with a shotgun. As night falls, Ryan and Michelle, having taken the route Tex recommended, become lost. As they begin to bicker, a large truck appears and the driver attacks them. Ryan pulls over when the unseen driver throws a dead coyote at their windshield. As Ryan changes the car\'s flat tire, Michelle, hears a noise, and Leatherface ambushes the two of them. They climb into the car as Leatherface begins hacking at it with his chainsaw, before bumping Leatherface with the vehicle and driving off. After their escape from Leatherface, Michelle and Ryan - as well as another driver, a survivalist named Benny  - crash when a bloodied Tex leaps in front of the car. As Benny tends to Michelle, Ryan explains the situation to him, showing him the damage caused to their car by Leatherface, before Michelle awakens. They decide to find Tex, and on the way, Benny discovers a hook-handed man named Tinker , who offers his assistance in setting down road flares. Benny soon realizes Tinker\'s real intentions after he finds a damaged chainsaw in the back of his truck. Benny then grabs an automatic rifle from his overturned jeep, retreats, and encounters Leatherface when Tinker attempts to ram him with his truck. As Benny fights Leatherface, Sara, who had earlier escaped Leatherface, saves Benny from death by luring Leatherface away, before re-joining Benny. After questioning Sara, Benny learns that her entire family has been killed. She tells him that she has failed to escape as Leatherface and his family have been watching the roads. Benny hears Michelle and Ryan calling for him and leaves Sara; she is killed a short time later by Leatherface. After killing Sara, Leatherface stalks Ryan and Michelle, mutilating and capturing Ryan when he is caught in a bear trap. After Ryan tells her to run, Michelle finds a house, and finds a little girl  inside who has a room filled with the remains of various animals. The girl stabs Michelle with a knife before Tex enters the room and restrains her, bringing her into the kitchen and nailing her to a chair, introducing her to "Grandpa", a withered corpse to whom the family feeds blood. After Mama , an elderly woman appears, Michelle begs her for help, but is ignored. Tinker appears in the doorway, dragging the badly injured Ryan, whom he and Tex proceed to suspend upside-down with a pair of meat-hooks. Michelle begins screaming uncontrollably, forcing Tex to gag her by forcing a ball of leather into her mouth and securing it with a strip of tape. When Leatherface returns home, Tex gives him a large golden chainsaw with the phrase "The Saw Is Family" engraved on it, a present made by Tinker. Outside the family home, Benny finds and attempts to interrogate Alfredo as he disposes of human bodies in a bag, but he is unsuccessful, eventually knocking Alfredo into the bog and leaving him to drown. As the family prepare for dinner in the kitchen, the little girl kills Ryan with a sledgehammer-swinging device that Tinker has made, and Leatherface prepares to kill Michelle as well. The noise of Leatherface\'s chainsaw attracts Benny, who opens fire on the house with his rifle, killing Mama, blowing off two fingers on Tinker\'s hand along with his ear, and partially destroying "Grandpa"\'s body. The gunfire knocks Leatherface to the floor, allowing Michelle to tear herself from the chair she is nailed to, stabbing Tex, before joining Benny outside. When Leatherface drives towards them in Tinker\'s truck, Benny tells Michelle to run to the woods. He tries to shoot Leatherface, but realizing he has run out of ammunition, the truck hits him. Benny is stunned, and Leatherface exits the truck, grabbing his chainsaw before going after Michelle. As Leatherface stalks Michelle, Tex and a recovered Benny begin fighting, a battle which ends with Benny soaking Tex in fuel and burning him with a lighter. Benny rushes to Michelle\'s aid, stopping Leatherface from murdering her, and knocking the killer into the bog. The pair begin fighting, and Benny appears to die when Leatherface forces his head into the blade of the chainsaw. He then turns his attention to Michelle, who grabbing a nearby rock, beats him over the head with it, leaving him unconscious under the water. As dawn breaks, Michelle reaches the main road and rests on an abandoned tire, before Alfredo\'s pickup truck, driven by Benny, stops in front of her. As Benny helps her into the truck, Alfredo appears and attacks him from behind with a sledgehammer. He avoids Alfredo\'s attacks, and Michelle shoots Alfredo in the chest with a shotgun, before the pair drive away, unaware that Leatherface is revving his chainsaw some distance away. In an alternate ending, Benny is in fact killed by Leatherface in the bog. As Leatherface submerges himself to sneak up on Michelle, Tex is revealed to have survived the flames, albeit terribly charred. Michelle manages to kill Tex by pushing him into a spike trap. Shortly after, Leatherface attacks Michelle again, and she kills him by bashing his head with a large rock. She then sings a prayer before resting for the night. The next day, Michelle is seen stumbling onto a dirt road where a police car is driving past. The car stops to reveal that the little girl was retrieved from the house. The girl taunts Michelle from the backseat with her skeleton doll before the car drives off, and Michelle is left kneeling on the ground, laughing in hysterics as she realizes that the sadistic Sawyer clan will never really die off.'] ['Adam, a 23-year-old self-employed security technician, is hired by a businesswoman, Alice Comfort, to set up a security system in her house. After finishing the work, Adam falls asleep on a lawnchair in her backyard. When Alice arrives home and finds him there, she impulsively asks him to accompany her to a housewarming party for her boss. He is unsure, but eventually agrees. After a drive, Alice and Adam arrive at the party. Alice leaves Adam to speak to some people at the party. Adam leaves the house, feeling out of place. Alice later finds Adam outside in the backyard, then leads him into some nearby woods and they have sex. On the way home from the party, Alice and Adam are caught behind a slow-moving vehicle, which Alice frustratedly overtakes whilst Adam shouts out obscenities at the driver. Shortly thereafter, Alice is distracted from driving and accidentally hits a deer. She brings the car to a stop, and they drag the body off the road. While they are moving the body, the car that Alice had earlier overtaken pulls up to them. Several men get out, beat Adam into submission, and then gang-rape Alice. A month passes, during which Adam and Alice physically heal - the only reminder of the attack being an eyepatch that Adam must wear to protect an eye wound he received during the beating - but both remain emotionally wounded. Upon returning to work, Alice receives notification that, while she was hospitalized following her rape, her father died. Alice drives out to his country estate to put his affairs in order, where she discovers a locked chest that she recognizes from her childhood. On the way home, she passes by a group of men on horseback, one of whom she recognizes as having raped her. She gets his name - Heffer - from one of the other men. Alice then contacts Adam, and he makes his way to Alice\'s father\'s house where she tells him that she\'s found one of the men responsible for attacking them. Alice shows Adam the contents of her father\'s locked chest: a sniper rifle and silencer that her father apparently smuggled home after being discharged from the army. Alice then tells Adam that she intends to avenge herself against Heffer. Adam and Alice move into Alice\'s father\'s home, and spend their days practising shooting with the rifle. After they have become proficient with it, they take a trip out to the edge of Heffer\'s land and begin plotting on the best way to kill him. During their reconnaissance, they learn that Heffer has a dog on his property, that attempts to attack them any time they near the house. Alice shoots the dog, then makes a remorseful Adam collect its corpse so that they can dispose of it. A moment later, Heffer comes outside looking for the dog; Alice prepares to shoot him when a young woman  comes out of the house to help find the dog. Alice and Adam, disturbed by seeing their attacker as a human being, return home. Over the next several days Alice and Adam try to determine if they should follow through with their plan; Adam, who has been impotent since the attack, steadily becomes more aggressive and committed to the idea of murdering Heffer. Alice, however, has grown reluctant to kill Heffer now that she has seen him in a human context; instead, she sends Adam to clandestinely set up security equipment in Heffer\'s house in an attempt to determine the identities and locations of his friends who participated in the gang-rape, so that they can kill them instead. Adam succeeds in breaking into Heffer\'s house, where he learns that Heffer is the submissive party in his relationship with the other attackers. In need of money, they have decided to extort Heffer with knowledge of the rape, forcing him to give them money in exchange for not anonymously tipping the police as to his identity. Adam, seeking a means of escape, ends up in Sophie\'s room; initially, he merely attempts to keep her quiet so that he can get out of the house, but he has a sudden fit of rage and begins raping her. In the middle of the attack, she escapes his grasp, and Adam returns home, able to maintain an erection for the first time since the attack. He and Alice begin to have sex, but when he starts to become too rough with her she throws him off. Adam leaves the house and heads out into the woods. The next day, Alice uses a laptop computer that controls the security cameras and watches Heffer in his house. She quickly realises his intention is to kill himself and after grabbing the rifle she drives over, and stops her car just in front of a garage upon hearing a car horn sounding. Alice gets inside the garage and finds Heffer, sitting in his running car, attempting to kill himself with carbon monoxide poisoning. Alice gets Heffer out of the car and into fresh air, saving his life; once he regains consciousness, she helps him back into his house. In the midst of a delirium from the carbon monoxide, Heffer—who doesn\'t recognize Alice—confesses that, a month ago, his friends voiced their intentions to rape his daughter, but that he convinced them to rape and beat a woman and her friend in the middle of the road instead. Just then, Alice and Heffer hear Adam calling from outside, and Heffer suddenly turns violent, grabbing her roughly but Alice hits him and frees herself. Adam then bursts into the house, beats Heffer, duct-tapes him to the kitchen table, and holds him down while Alice sodomizes him with the barrel of the rifle that she has fetched from her car; once she is finished, she prepares to kill him, but now feeling pity for him because of the circumstances surrounding the rape, she decides not to pull the trigger. Adam, infuriated, takes out a hunting knife and carves out Heffer\'s eye. Horrified, Alice runs away; driving back to her father\'s home, Alice spots Sophie hitch-hiking, and invites her into her car. When Sophie realizes she isn\'t being taken home, she asks Alice where they\'re headed; Alice replies, "Someplace safe." Back at Heffer\'s house, Adam taunts Heffer until he hears a car pulling up; as one of the attackers approaches the house, Adam fatally shoots him in the head before pursuing the remaining attacker through the grounds of Heffer\'s house. Adam shoots him in the leg as he flees, causing him to fall to the ground. Adam then approaches the wounded man and bludgeons him to death with the end of the rifle. In the final shot of the film, Adam walks away from his final victim and approaches the screen for a close up shot. He effectively breaks the fourth wall by glancing at the audience - leaving the viewer to reflect on the violent act of revenge Adam has committed.'] ['{{plot}} Marion Harrington  is on a drive through California on Christmas Eve to have a dinner at the home of the mother in law of her father, Frank . Frank is the one driving the car. Her boyfriend, Brad  also there, and so as her mother Laura  and her younger brother Richard . Frank decides to drive through an unknown shortcut using a secondary road, where horrific events follow his family. While driving on the unknown road, Frank falls asleep and almost crashes into another car going in the other direction. Whilst driving, Frank sees a woman in white  with a baby in the surrounding forests. He drives back but finds that the woman is not there. However, while he is looking in the forest, the Woman in White appears at Frank\'s window. He asks her if she is fine as it is apparent that she is in shock after some kind of accident. She is wounded on her forehead. He asks Brad to check if he can use his mobile phone to call 911 but these is no signal on the network. He invites her to have a ride on their car because on the way they had spotted a cabin not far from their location now. But that means someone should give his seat for the woman, and ultimately Marion ended up giving her seat to the woman as she was suffering from traveling sickness and decides to walk to the cabin house. The rest of the family on the car, try to talk to the woman, but she does not respond and they assume she is in shock. Frank then stops at a roadside cabin. Richard leaves to go and masturbate in the woods, and Frank and Laura enter the cabin, leaving Brad alone with the woman in the car. She starts to talk to him, then reveals that her baby is dead. Brad screams and Frank and Laura rush back to the car, only to find that the woman and Brad have disappeared. While the rest of the family are looking for him, Marion, still on her walk, sees Brad in the back window of a black hearse which slowly drives by. Marion runs to her parents to tell them that Brad has been taken, and they go after the car. However, they are forced to stop again because they go over a bump in the road. They find out that the bump is Brad\'s dead body and Marion faints upon seeing his gruesome state. The others carry her into the car and start driving again. Laura announces that her watch stopped at 7:30 P.M., and that all of the other clocks they have also stopped at that time. Richard seriously suggests the possibility of alien activity, but his idea is dismissed. The family then sees a black baby carriage in the road and they stop. Richard gets out to investigate, and plays a joke on his parents, peering in the carriage and pretending that something in there is eating him. Frank and Laura start fighting and Richard tries talking to Marion, who is in shock and does not respond. Richard realizes that the carriage is back in the road and tells his parents, who assume he is playing another joke. Frank moves the carriage once more and resumes driving. He and Laura begin another heated argument, and Marion suddenly announces she is pregnant. This is followed by Richard confessing that he is doing drugs. On their next stop, Richard heads into the forest to smoke and encounters the Woman in White. They begin to kiss, but the woman suddenly rips Richard\'s lower lip off. While fixing the car, the family see Richard in the back of the same slow, black car from before and run after it. Realizing this is fruitless, they start to chase after the vehicle in their own car, but encounter yet another bump in the road. They stop and see that it is Richard\'s burnt dead body. Laura, devastated, reveals that Richard was not Frank\'s son, but was the result of an affair she had in the past. Nevertheless, they put the body in the back of the car, Frank stating that Richard was still his son. Back on the road, Laura begins to show signs of insanity, acting childishly and even drawing a picture of Brad\'s dead body. Frank sees a sign for a destination called "Marcott". He believes this is a naval base, and that they are on a military road which does not appear on the map. In the car, while Laura is sleeping, Frank tells Marion about a story from his childhood: A family in a car encountered a little girl with a school book on the side of the road. They picked her up, but while they were driving, they heard a scream in the back of the car and saw that the girl had disappeared. All that was left was her school book and that book had the last name "Rose". They remembered that everyone in the Rose family had died in a car accident. Frank thinks this connects to their situation, but Marion dismisses his story as folklore. When Laura awakes, she has to vomit, so they stop the car again. She sees a gun in the car, which was going to be a Christmas present for her "gun-obsessed" brother. In her childish, confused state, she believes that the gun is a toy and threatens her husband and daughter with it. Frank angers her by telling her that Richard is dead and she must accept reality, so she shoots him in the leg. However, Marion cleans the wound and they go on the road again with Marion now driving. Laura claims she can see faces outside of the window, but that they all "look so sad". She sees a friend of hers who is dead, and tells Frank to stop the car so that she can see her. Frank refuses, so Laura opens the car door and jumps out. Frank and Marion stop and see that Laura is taken by the hearse. Frank shoots at it, causing it to stop. Laura stumbles towards them. She says she is fine but that her head hurts. Feeling it, she realizes that the back of her skull is split open. She then starts rubbing her brain and relives a night with Allen, the man she had an affair with, and her telling her father she made the cheerleading squad before dying. Frank, distraught, closes her eyes and puts her in the back of the car. Marion and Frank think it is hopeless. Frank puts the gun to his chin, but Marion stops him and they begin to drive on the road again. On their way to Marcott, Frank explains to Marion that Alan was a friend of his back in Detroit. He tells her that Alan had come to him for advice about a married woman he had been having an affair with, wanting to know whether or not to continue with it. Frank encouraged him, reminding him he only lived once. The last time Frank saw Alan was when he told him that the married woman  wanted to end the affair because she now had a little girl  Be the coolest Grandfather ever. This wipes out the possibility that it was all a dream, but the road-sweeper throws the note in with the rest of the garbage.'] ['The film begins with a woman running through the woods, who then falls into a stream and disappears. She is filed as a missing person. Meanwhile, four young campers, Craig, Peter, Ingrid, and Joanie back-pack through the mountains for a relaxing weekend in the wilderness. While they are hiking in broad daylight, someone starts killing tourists in the woods. Craig warns the others not to go into the woods alone. The mountains are crawling with nerdy bird-watchers and young couples, most of whom meet gruesome ends at the hands of a deranged and growling woodsman with a sharp spike. As their hike continues, the four campers enter a forest which becomes denser and darker as they progress. Peter  and Ingrid  fear that they are lost. The rest of the terrifying night is spent running and hiding from the maniac murderer  who is constantly in pursuit. Meanwhile, the local sheriff and his deputy decide they should start to investigate the disappearances.'] ['On October 30, 1977, Jerry Goldsmith , Bill Hudley , Mary Knowles  and Denise Willis  are two couples out on the road in hopes of writing a book on offbeat roadside attractions. When the four meet Captain Spaulding , a vulgar but friendly owner of a gas station and "Museum of Monsters & Madmen", they learn the local legend of Dr. Satan. As the four take off in search of the tree from which Dr. Satan was hanged, they pick up a young hitchhiker named Baby  who claims to live only a few miles away. Shortly after, the vehicle\'s tire bursts in what is later seen to be a trap and Baby walks to her family\'s house along with Bill. Only moments later, Baby\'s half-brother, Rufus , picks up the stranded passengers and takes them to the family home. Soon following, the four friends meet Mother Firefly , Baby\'s mother; Otis Driftwood , Baby\'s adopted brother; Grampa Hugo , Baby\'s grandfather; and Baby\'s deformed giant half-brother, Tiny . While being treated to dinner, they discover that the family has their own weird Halloween traditions. Mother Firefly then explains that her ex-husband, Earl , had previously tried to burn Tiny alive along with the Firefly house. After the dinner is over, the family puts on a Halloween show for their guests, where Baby offends Mary by acting flirtatiously towards Bill. After Baby is threatened, Mother Firefly tells the couples to leave and that their car is repaired. As they try to leave, though, they are attacked by Otis and Tiny, being taken as prisoners. Not long after, Otis creates a work of art out of Bill\'s body, Mary is tied up and abused, Denise is bedbound and dressed as a doll and Jerry is scalped because he failed to guess Baby\'s favorite movie star. After Denise does not return home, her father, Don , calls the police to search for her. Two Deputy Sheriffs, George Wydell  and Steve Naish , find the couples\' abandoned car in a field with a tortured victim in the trunk. Don, who is an ex cop, is called and arrives at the scene to go with the two Deputies to search for information. They arrive at the Firefly house and upon finding bodies, the three are quickly killed. Later that night, the three remaining teenagers are taken to an underground well  and Mary manages to escape, only to be killed by Baby moments later. Meanwhile, Jerry and Denise are lowered into the underground chamber, where a number of feral figures pull Jerry away and leave Denise to find her way through the underground lair. As she journeys through the mysterious chambers and catacombs, she encounters Dr. Satan and a multitude of mentally handicapped patients. Dr. Satan has Jerry on his operating table, horribly torturing and skinning him alive. As Dr. Satan yells for his mutated assistant, revealed to be Earl, Mother Firefly\'s ex-husband, to capture Denise, she outwits the monstrous figure and escapes the underground chambers. Moments later, she is picked up by Captain Spaulding and passes out from exhaustion in the front seat, only for Otis to appear in the backseat with a knife. The film ends with Denise being tortured by Dr. Satan.'] ['A group of young archaeologists go into the deep forest in Ratanakiri province to search for the old temple that was abandoned many years ago. As they go through the forest at first they arrive at a local village but when one female Archeologist has a vision that the group of archeologist are involved in the ambush she warns the others of her vision but they fail to listen later they are given a tour guide to help them find their way through the forest but when the tour guide dies of a mysterious snake tail whip the group The archeologists get lost and one archeologist  dies when he goes to urinate and falls into a pit of scorpion and after his death build a grave for him later they meet a group of robbers who want to find the treasure also while exploring the robbers use the archeologist as a map when one robber dies by falling in a pit of snakes and a snake going into his mouth and coming out of his heart There is no danger until they awaken a giant snake and many other monsters that existed there for hundreds of years because of a curse of a queen who was lost in the waterfalls while trying to evade traitors led by a treachourus commander who wanted her treasure. The female that had the vison is chocked to death by the large snake later another robber dies by the same fashion when the group is split into 3 groups one male archeologist is caught in vine vines in a groteste fashion all his limbs fall off and are cut off as a arm is rmoved when a female wanted to help him out later a robber is eaten when the group meets up the robber leader accuses the archeologist male leader of causing the death of his men when the snake appears they build a raft and try to sail away but the snake catches up to them and the robber leader and a archeologist are strangled while the raft falls down a waterfall a female was stabbed by the bamboo through the stomach and dies while the last male dies a non greedy female lives at the end it says happiness stems from not being greedy'] ['On August 18, 1973, five teenagers, Erin , her boyfriend Kemper , Morgan , Andy , and Pepper , are on their way to a Lynyrd Skynyrd concert after returning from Mexico, where they were supplying themselves with drugs for the concert. As they drive through Texas, they spot a distraught hitchhiker , who eventually gets into their van. After they have tried to speak to the hitchhiker, who talks incoherently about "a bad man", she shoots herself in the mouth with a .357 Magnum. After the startling shock, the group tries to contact the police, they then go to a store where a woman  tells them the sheriff is at the mill. Instead of the sheriff, they find a little boy named Jedediah  who tells them that the sheriff is at home drinking. Erin and Kemper go through the woods to find his house, leaving the other three at the mill with the boy. They come to a plantation house where Erin is allowed inside by the owner, an amputee named Monty, to phone for help. When Erin finishes, the old man asks her for help. Kemper goes inside to look for Erin and is attacked by the vicious-looking Leatherface , who hits him with a sledgehammer. When Leatherface takes Kemper\'s body to begin to make a new mask out of him, he discovers a small black box from Kemper. Opening it, he discovers a ring. Kemper was intending to propose to Erin. Meanwhile, Sheriff Hoyt  arrives at the mill and disposes of the hitchhiker\'s body, wrapping her in cellophane and putting her in his trunk. As he drives away, he tells the youths to leave. Erin arrives and finds that Kemper is still missing. Andy and Erin go back to the Monty\'s house, where Erin distracts him while Andy searches for Kemper. Monty realizes Andy is inside and summons Leatherface, who attacks Andy with his chainsaw. Erin escapes and heads towards the woods, but Leatherface slices Andy\'s leg off. Leatherface carries him to the basement and hangs him on a meat hook with his feet hanging over a piano, where he rubs salt on Andy\'s stump of a leg before wrapping it in butcher paper and tying it with human hair. Erin makes it to the mill and tries to escape in the van, but the sheriff shows up and, after spotting marijuana on the dashboard, orders Erin, Morgan and Pepper to get out of the van. The sheriff gives Morgan the gun he took from the hitchhiker and tells Morgan to reenact how she killed herself. Morgan, scared and disturbed by the sheriff\'s demeanor, and under pressure by Erin and Pepper, attempts to shoot the sheriff only to find the gun is unloaded. Sheriff Hoyt handcuffs Morgan and drives him to the Hewitt house , leaving the girls in the van. Erin tries to fix the truck, while Pepper holds a flashlight. Erin gets the truck running and begins to drive, but one of the wheels falls off. Erin and Pepper stay still in the truck, but Leatherface appears on the top of the truck and tries to attack them by chainsawing the roof. After witnessing Pepper\'s murder by Leatherface, Erin, who sees that Leatherface is wearing Kemper\'s face over his own, runs to escape and hides in a nearby trailer with two women inside, who offer her tea and try to soothe her. The two women, an obese middle-aged woman known only as the \'Tea Lady\' and a younger woman named Henrietta, who is presumably her daughter, act strangely. After they tell Erin they don\'t have a phone for her to call for help, a telephone in the trailer rings and Henrietta picks it up and tells someone on the other end "she\'s here". Erin discovers they have kidnapped a child when she sees that the baby with them is the same child in a photograph with the woman who committed suicide earlier. However, the tea is drugged and she passes out when she tries to leave the trailer. Erin wakes up at the Hewitt house surrounded by the Hewitt family: Leatherface, his mother Luda May, Sheriff Hoyt, Uncle Monty, and the little boy Jedediah. Luda May tells Erin that her excuse for her son Thomas\' actions is that her son was tormented by teenagers and that she felt no one cared for her family besides themselves. Erin is taken to the basement, where she finds Andy. She tries to help him off of the meat hook but when he sees he will land on the piano keys and alert Leatherface, he begs her to kill him, which she does, though suffering severe emotional trauma. Afterwards, she finds Morgan, who is still handcuffed. Jedediah, who clearly does not agree with the actions of his family, leads them out of the house. Jedediah rejects Erin\'s plea to come with them, rather staying there, and distracts Leatherface long enough for them to escape. Erin and Morgan find an abandoned house in the woods and barricade themselves inside. Leatherface breaks in and discovers Erin, but Morgan attacks Leatherface, causing him to drop his chainsaw. Morgan grabs him and wrestles him, but Leatherface is a large, powerful man who easily lifts Morgan upwards toward a chandelier, where Morgan becomes entangled by his handcuffs, and is left hanging and defenseless. Leatherface picks up his chainsaw, slicing up into Morgan\'s crotch and killing him. Erin runs out of the shack and escapes through the woods. Leatherface trips on a fence and cuts his leg while pursuing her. Erin finds a slaughterhouse and hides in a locker. Leatherface opens the locker across from hers and she attacks him with a meat cleaver, chopping off his right arm. Erin runs outside and flags down a trucker, whom she tries to convince to go away from the Hewitt\'s house. But he stops to find help at the eatery. Erin sees Luda May and watches as Sheriff Hoyt arrives and talks to the trucker. Erin sees Henrietta watching over the kidnapped baby in a highchair. When Henrietta walks outside to join Luda May and Sheriff Hoyt, who are talking to the truck driver, Erin sneaks the baby out of the eatery and places her in the sheriff\'s car and hot-wires it. Hoyt notices her and tries to stop her, but she runs him down and runs him over repeatedly until he is dead. Leatherface appears in the road with the chainsaw and tries to stop her, but he is too slow, and Erin manages to escape with the baby unharmed.'] [' The film chronicles a day in the life of two siblings, Trish  and her brother Darry Jenner . As they drive through the Florida countryside, a mysterious driver tries to run them off the road. They later see the same truck with a hulking man sliding what looks to be a body wrapped in blood stained sheets into a large pipe sticking out of the ground next to an old abandoned church. The driver, noticing Darry and Trish have seen him, catches up to them. After barely escaping, Darry insists they go back to the church and investigate. Darry proceeds to crawl inside the pipe with Trish holding on to him, but she loses her grip and he slides down the pipe. At the bottom, he finds hundreds of bodies sewn together. Darry finally finds a passage up through the church. He and Trish flee the scene and stop at a gas station where they contact the police. They are phoned by a strange woman who warns them that they are in terrible danger. Confused and frightened, they ignore her warning. Word arrives that the old church had gone up in flames. Trish and Darry rush out of the gas station with the police providing a security escort. As they travel, the police are attacked and killed by the mysterious driver of the old truck. The driver loads the policemen\'s bodies into his truck. Fleeing once again, Trish and Darry stop at a reclusive old woman\'s house, begging her to call the police. The woman complies, until she notices the driver hiding in her yard. She tries to kill him with her shotgun, but in the process, the driver attacks her and pursues Trish and Darry once again. Trish manages to hit the mysterious driver with their car, and run him over several times. After crushing his body and seemingly killing him, they are horrified to see a giant wing tear through the driver\'s trenchcoat and flap frantically in the air. Leaving it on the road, they drive to the local police station to wait for their parents, when they receive another visitor; Jezelle Gay Hartman. She reveals herself as the woman who phoned Darry and Trish previously at the diner. Jezelle tells them the true nature of the mysterious creature: it is an ancient immortal demon known as the "The Creeper", which hunts every twenty-third spring for twenty three days to feast on human body parts which, upon consumption, form part of its own body. She also tells them that it seeks out its victims through fear, and that by smelling the fear from Trish and Darry, it has found something it likes, but she does not know what. The wounded Creeper attacks the police station and gains entrance to the cells. Jezelle, Trish and Darry attempt to escape but find themselves trapped. Jezelle warns that one of them will die a horrible death, while the song "Jeepers Creepers" plays on a phonograph in the background. Darry demands to know which one of them, and she looks to Trish. The three are then discovered by the Creeper, and are separated. The Creeper heads towards Jezelle and sniffs her intently, but lets her go, and heads off to find Trish and Darry. After a lengthy chase, the Creeper corners both Trish and Darry in an upstairs room. After sniffing  them, the Creeper throws Trish aside and chooses Darry. Trish tries to reason with it, and offers to give her life for her brother\'s. The police burst in and take aim, but the Creeper escapes out the window, flying away with Darry. The next day, Trish, contemplating Darry\'s fate, is picked up by her parents, and Jezelle returns home in regret. The final scene shows the Creeper in its new hideout, an abandoned factory, where the audience finally learns what the Creeper wanted: by ripping out the back of Darry\'s head, it has taken his eyes, leaving Darry\'s body an eyeless, motionless corpse, while "Jeepers Creepers" is playing in the background. The film ends with Creeper looking at the audience through Darry\'s eye socket, now with Darry\'s brown eyes. In a brief post-credits scene, the Creeper\'s truck is shown hurtling down the road at sunset, blaring its horn.'] ["{{plot}} The film opens with a group of scientists being killed by a mutant, Pluto. A few years later, Ethel Carter  and her husband, Bob Carter  are traveling from Cleveland, Ohio to San Diego, California. Along with them is their daughter Brenda , son Bobby , eldest daughter Lynn , her husband Doug Bukowski , their baby Catherine , and the German Shepherds, Beauty and Beast. They encounter a gas station attendant, Fred , who gives the family's car gas and gives them some advice for their trip. After driving a few miles, the tires are punctured by a hidden barb belt. Bob returns to the petrol station for a tow truck. Beauty runs into the hills and Bobby chases after her, eventually finding her carcass. Frightened, he runs, slips and falls, going unconscious. A young female mutant named Ruby  comes across him and is intrigued, while her brother Goggle  chews on the dead dog. When Bob reaches the petrol station, he finds the hysterical attendant, Fred, who ultimately commits suicide. In fear, Bob tries to flee but gets attacked by the mutant leader, Papa Jupiter . He is carried off into the mining caves by Jupiter, along with Jupiter's eldest son, Lizard , and Pluto. When Bobby awakes, he returns and does not tell his family of Beauty. As the family tries to sleep, Pluto sneaks into the trailer and attempts to rape Brenda. The others discover that Bob has been tied to a tree and set on fire. Doug unties Bob, but he is already dead by then. Lizard slips inside the trailer, throws Pluto off, and rapes Brenda himself. Lynn returns to the trailer and is greeted by Lizard and Pluto, who are holding Catherine and Brenda. Lizard tears Lynn's blouse, removes her bra and begins drinking milk from her breasts. Ethel attempts to pulverize Lizard but he shoots her. After Lizard shoots her mother, Lynn, attempting to fight back, stabs Lizard in the leg with a screwdriver. Lizard, grimacing in pain,non-chalantly points the gun at Lynn's head, shooting her and killing her. The gun is out of bullets before Lizard can shoot Brenda, and he and Pluto flee with Catherine. Doug and Bobby return to the trailer and discover the bodies. After this, the mutant Goggle is spying on the Carter family, and he is attacked by Beast, who rips open his throat, killing him. Beast also tears off Goggle's arm, which still has the walkie-talkie that Goggle uses, he takes the arm back to the Carter family later. The next morning, Doug goes off in pursuit of their attackers. He finds an abandoned nuclear testing village and enters the house where Catherine is kept. He is knocked unconscious by Big Mama , and awakes in an icebox filled with human body parts. He frees himself and tries to find Catherine, only to encounter Big Brain . Big Brain tells him the story of the mutants, who were mutated by the fallout from the nuclear tests. Doug is then attacked by Pluto and loses two fingers in the ensuing struggle. He momentarily distracts Pluto and then, stabs his foot with a blade, impales his throat with a U.S. flag, and kills him with the blade of his own axe. Doug surprises the mutant Cyst  outside and uses Pluto's axe to kill him, while Big Brain is ultimately killed by Beast. Lizard takes a cleaver and prepares to kill Catherine, but finds that instead of Catherine, it is a pig. Ruby takes Catherine and runs into the hills; Lizard chases her, enraged by her deceit. Doug starts chasing Ruby as well. At the trailer, Ethel's body is dragged into the hills and Bobby finds Papa Jupiter eating Ethel's heart. Jupiter pursues Bobby to the trailer, where Brenda releases gas from the propane tanks. Bobby binds Papa Jupiter's hand to the window and he and Brenda escape. The trailer then explodes. In the hills, Ruby is about to return Catherine to Doug when Lizard attacks. Lizard hits Doug with the spike strip repeatedly, apparently knocking Doug out. Lizard catches back up to Ruby but Doug comes and brutally beats him with the shotgun, with which he shoots him 3 times. Ruby gives Catherine back to Doug, who does not notice Lizard stand up, having survived. Ruby throws herself at Lizard, plunging them over a cliff, to stop Lizard from shooting Doug and Catherine, and sacrificing herself in the process. Bobby and Brenda walk through the ruins of the trailer and find Papa Jupiter still alive, though impaled. Brenda kills Papa Jupiter with a pickaxe and then spots Doug with Catherine and Beast. The four are reunited. As they celebrate their apparent victory, a pair of anonymous binoculars watches from the hills."] ['{{plot}} A couple, Halley Smith  and Rich Stoker  are rock climbing in the remote West Virginia forest. As Rich prepares to help Halley, he is suddenly murdered. Someone begins to pull Halley up the cliff so she cuts the rope and falls to the ground. Halley then attempts to escape to her car but trips over a piece of barb wire before being pulled back into the woods and killed. Chris Flynn , a medical student, is driving through the mountains of West Virginia on his way to a job interview. Due to a chemical spill in the road ahead, he is forced to take a different route. He stops at an old rundown gas station and meets an old man . The old man is not helpful, but Chris views a map detailing another possible route that heads straight towards the city to which he needs to go. Chris decides to take the road and as he is driving he crashes into a Range Rover stranded in the middle of the road. The car belongs to a group of friends on a hiking trip: Jessie Burlingame , Carly , her fiancé Scott , and a couple - Evan and Francine . Their tires have been punctured by a piece of barbed wire in the woods. Jessie, Carly, and Scott go to find help and Chris joins them. Evan and Francine stay to watch the cars, and as Evan starts to fix their car he hears a strange noise. He goes to the woods to investigate. After a while, Francine notices that he is missing, and she goes into the woods to look for him. As Francine ventures further into the woods, she finds his sneaker, and his severed ear. She stumbles back, horrifed, as a figure kills her with a strip of barbed wire. As Chris, Jessie, Carly and Scott try to find help, they find an isolated cabin. They go inside and discover miscellaneous objects and human body parts. Horrified they attempt to escape, but they hear the occupants coming back and are forced to hide. Three cannibalistic mountain men, all of whom are extremely disfigured, enter the cabin and bring in Francine\'s dead body. Chris, Jessie, Carly and Scott silently watch in horror, as her body is brutally butchered and messily eaten. As the cannibals fall asleep, Chris, Jessie, Scott and Carly silently escape. However one of the cannibals, "Saw-Tooth" wakes and alerts the other cannibals and begins to chase them through the forest. The group climbs up to a nearby clearing with many cars of the cannibals\' victims. Chris makes a diversion and is shot in the leg. Scott saves him by distracting the cannibals, allowing Jessie and Carly to steal one of the trucks. Chris gets into the truck, and they drive down a path close by trying to find Scott. Carly sees him in the forest. Scott starts to make his way to the truck, but the cannibals shoot him with arrows as Chris, Jessie and Carly drive and escape fast. The cannibals pick up Scott\'s dead body and take it back to their cabin. Chris, Jessie and Carly hit a dead end in the road and have to continue on foot. They find an old watchtower and begin to climb up and find a radio and use it to call for help, but do not get a response. Later they see the cannibals armed with torches, and reaching the foot of the watchtower. The radio starts responding to their call, alerting the cannibals. Carly tries to make an urgent response but is interrupted when "Three Finger" tries to climb into the watchtower. He tries to get through the panel on the floor of the tower but is stopped by Chris. The cannibals set the tower on fire. Chris, Carly and Jessie escape by jumping out of the window into a nearby tree. They begin to climb up, but Three-Finger starts to climb up a tree near them. Chris and Jessie begin to climb higher as Carly attempts to climb further. Chris and Jessie make it to another tree, but Three-Finger sneaks up behind Carly and decapitates her. Three Finger begins to pursue Jessie, but Chris manages to hit him with a tree branch and he falls out of the tree. They manage to escape and hide in a cave near a waterfall until the next morning. Just as they find a road out of the woods, the mountain men find them and push Chris down the hill and capture Jessie and take her back to their cabin. Chris survives the fall and meets a sheriff, but before he is able to convince the Sheriff of what is happening, the Sheriff is shot with an arrow. Chris attempts to drive away in the car, but can not find the key, so instead hitches a ride underneath the car as the cannibal drives it back to the cabin. When the cannibals arrive at the cabin, Jessie is tied to a bed and gagged with a leash, crying for help. After Saw-Tooth goes inside with the sheriff\'s body, Chris gets down from the bottom of the police truck. As Jessie is about to be killed, Chris, who is driving the police truck, breaks through the cabin and runs into "One-Eye". Chris unties Jessie and they fight the cannibals. They escape quickly as Chris manages to kill the cannibals by blowing up their cabin with a shotgun. Chris and Jessie, driving the cannibals\' truck, stop back at the gas station. Chris, badly injured, gets out of the truck and takes the map from the gas station so if the cannibals lived no one else would suffer the same fate. He then gets back into the truck, he and Jessie drive down the road, as the credits roll. The credits are interrupted by a scene showing a deputy sheriff investigating and picking over the remains of the destroyed cabin. Three-Finger, who survived the explosion, comes up behind the deputy. Three-Finger kills him. His insane laughter is heard, as the credits continue to roll.'] ['Set in Australia in 1999, two British tourists, Liz Hunter  and Kristy Earl  are backpacking across the country with Ben Mitchell ([[Nathan Phillips , an Australian friend and contrarian from Sydney. Currently in Broome, Western Australia, they constantly get drunk at wild, extravagant pool parties and sleep rough together on the beach. Ben buys a dilapidated Ford XD Falcon to facilitate their road journey from Broome to Cairns, Queensland via the Great Northern Highway. After stopping at Halls Creek for the night, the trio make another stop at Wolf Creek National Park, which contains a giant crater formed by a 50,000-ton meteorite. While exploring the crater, Ben and Liz kiss, after various hints from Kristy. Hours later, upon returning to their car, the group discovers their watches have all suddenly broken and the car won\'t start. Unable to discover the problem, they prepare themselves to sit out the night. After dark, a Crocodile Dundee-styled man named Mick Taylor  comes upon them and offers to tow them to his camp to repair the car. After initial hesitation, the group allows Mick to take them to his place, an abandoned mining site several hours south of Wolf Creek. Mick regales them with tall stories of his past while making a show of fixing the car. His manner unsettles Liz and Kristy, although Ben is less concerned. While they sit around a fire, Mick gives the tourists drugged water which he describes as "rainwater from the top end". The water causes the tourists to eventually fall into unconsciousness. Liz awakens late the next afternoon to find herself tied up in a shed. She manages to break free as night falls, but before she can escape the mining site, she hears Mick torturing Kristy in a garage by shooting at her, sexually abusing her and tormenting her. Liz sets the now-dismantled Falcon on fire to cause a distraction and goes to help Kristy while Mick is busy trying to extinguish the blaze. She then manages to shoot Mick with one of his own rifles, blasting him in the neck and apparently killing him. The women attempt to flee the camp in Mick\'s truck, but a wounded Mick stumbles out of the garage and blasts at them with a double-barreled shotgun, before giving chase in another truck. The girls evade Mick in the bush by rolling his truck off a cliff and hiding, before returning to the mining site to get another car. Liz leaves the hysterical Kristy outside the gates, telling her to escape on foot if she does not return in five minutes. Liz enters another garage and discovers Mick\'s large stock of cars as well as an organised array of travellers’ possessions, including video cameras. She watches the playback on one of them and is horrified to see Mick "rescuing" other travellers stranded at Wolf Creek in almost identical circumstances to her own. She then picks up another camera which turns out to be Ben\'s, through viewing some of Ben\'s footage, the recording ends focusing on a scene with Mick\'s truck in the background, indicating he\'d been following them long before they got to Wolf Creek. She gets into a car and attempts to start it, but Mick shows up in the back seat and stabs her through the driver\'s seat with a huge knife. After more bragging, he hacks three of Liz\'s fingers off in one swipe. He then severs her spinal cord with a knife, paralyzing her and rendering her a "head on a stick." As Liz lies motionless on the garage floor, he interrogates her for Kristy\'s whereabouts. By dawn, a barefoot Kristy has reached a surfaced highway and is discovered by a passing motorist. He attempts to help Kristy, but is suddenly shot dead from far away by Mick, who has a sniper rifle. Mick then gives chase in a fast Holden HQ Statesman, prompting Kristy to take off in the dead man\'s car. She succeeds in ramming Mick off the road, but he coolly gets out of the car and shoots out Kristy\'s back tire, causing the car to flip over into the bush. A disoriented, dazed Kristy climbs out of the wreckage and attempts to crawl away, but is coldly shot dead by Mick. He bundles both Kristy and Liz\'s bodies into the back of the wrecked car and torches it before calmly driving off. The action then cuts to Ben, whose fate until now has not been revealed. He awakens to find himself nailed to a mock crucifix in a mine shaft, with an aggressive, caged Rottweiler in front of him. He manages to painfully extract himself from the crucifix and enters the camp in early daylight. Ben escapes into the outback, but becomes hysterical and dehydrated, eventually passing out beside a dirt road. He is discovered by two shocked Swedish travellers who take him to Kalbarri, where he is airlifted to hospital. The ending reveals that no trace of Kristy and Liz were found despite several major police searches. Early investigations were disorganised and hampered by confusion, lack of physical evidence and the alleged credibility of Ben. After four months in police custody, Ben was cleared of all suspicion. The film then ends with the silhouette of Mick Taylor walking into the sunset, rifle in hand.'] ['The film begins with four teenagers, Sean , Heather , Barry  and Jenny  on prom night who decide to leave early and end up getting into a car accident. However, when one of Jenny\'s friends, Heather, notices her boyfriend is missing, she looks around for him until she finds him cheating with another girl. In her state of madness, Heather starts up Barry\'s car with Jenny and her boyfriend Sean in the backseat with Barry chasing after the car. Heather stops the car and lets Barry in and fights with him about the cheating. While on the drive to clear her anger, Jenny gets in a wreck in the woods with another car whose driver passes out after saying he is not hurt. Heather, Barry, and Jenny, split up to find help while Sean keeps an eye out at the scene of the crash. Heather, Barry, and Jenny then run into an insurance office in the woods as well as an insurance agent working there named Darla  who calls up her husband Vilmer Sawyer , a trucker with a cybernetic leg, to aid the scene of the crash and also to bring along his pickup truck. Once there Vilmer examines the passed out teen with Sean, but breaks the kid\'s neck and runs over Sean with his pickup. Jenny, Heather, and Barry split up leaving Jenny alone. Heather and Barry end up finding the house belonging to the cannibals as well as finding Leatherface and his brother W.E. Sawyer  who threatens Barry with a shotgun while Heather is put up on a meathook by Leatherface. Barry asks W.E. to put the gun down just so that he can use the bathroom. W.E. gives him the permission to use it and Barry walks into the house, uses it, but only to find a skeleton in the bathtub as well as the remains of previous victims in there. After that, he is immediately hit over the head with a sledgehammer by Leatherface . Jenny, now on her own runs into Vilmer who attacks her, and chases her with his pickup only to lose her, but also knowing she\'ll run into Leatherface. Jenny as planned ends up running into and from Leatherface and takes shelter in the house, but when she runs up the stairs to escape from Leatherface, who cuts down the door to get in, she finds a stuffed Texas Ranger as Leatherface gets in through the door even more. Jenny grabs a gun and fires it a Leatherface scaring him, but then he chases her up to the roof. Jenny falls off it as Leatherface tries attacking her on top of it. Once on the ground, Leatherface jumps out and chases her through the woods. Jenny is chased by Leatherface until she runs into the insurance office only to find Darla who subdues her along with W.E. who shows up too. Darla eventually after buying some pizza takes her back to the house and explains to Jenny right before dinner the shocking truth of why the family do what they do. She tells her that Vilmer works for a very old secret organization that nobody knows about that still operates to this day . Jenny tries to escape by running out of the house into Darla\'s car for dear life, but gets attacked/subdued by Vilmer. Jenny finds herself at the dinner table along with a family of "corpses". She awakes and finds Darla telling her that she can\'t help her, since she was subdued when she first met Vilmer and supposedly had a device put in her head that will make her head explode if she does anything to help her. Darla hears someone outside the house and it turns out to be Rothman , who is the leader of the secret organization Vilmer works for, and came to check if Vilmer is doing his work properly. Rothman is furious when he sees what Vilmer has been doing with Jenny, and he explains what they are really supposed to do: show people the true meaning of horror. Rothman then shows some strange tattoos and piercings and licks Jenny\'s face. After that, Jenny tries to escape again and she manages to use a remote control used to operate Vilmer\'s robotic leg to stop him from catching her, giving Jenny the advantage to escape. When Vilmer regains the control of his robotic leg, he sends Leatherface to chase after her with his chainsaw. Leatherface chases Jenny through a road in which a truck suddenly appears, driven by an old couple that help Jenny get into their truck so she can be safe. Leatherface then appears again on top of the pickup truck, driven by Vilmer, trying to reach Jenny with his chainsaw. After the truck crashes, Jenny runs again and Vilmer gets out of the pickup truck so he can also chase her until a plane that\'s passing by hits Vilmer in the face and kills him. Leatherface then starts to scream in horror and stops chasing Jenny. Suddenly, a black car is seen on the road and Jenny gets into it. It\'s revealed that Rothman is inside the car. He tells Jenny not to worry, apologizes for all of the events and explains that this was intended to be a "spiritual experience". Meanwhile, Leatherface watches the black car and proceeds to start up his chainsaw and swing it around. After Jenny curses at Rothman inside the car, he tells her that he can take her to a hospital or a police station. Once Jenny\'s at the hospital, she consults with a cop , who assures her that the police will investigate this entire situation and figure everything out eventually. When at the hospital, she sees none other than Sally Hardesty , who notices Jenny\'s state of shock. The movie ends with Leatherface swinging his chainsaw around in anger  due to the death of Vilmer.'] ['{{Plot}} On August 26, 1939, a woman dies giving birth to a male child in a meat-packing plant in Travis County, Texas. The plant manager disposes of her body in a dumpster near the packing plant and leaves the scene. A young woman, Luda Mae Hewitt, discovers the baby in the dumpster while searching for food for her family. She names the infant Thomas and takes him to the Hewitt residence, raising him as her own son. In July 1969, 30 years later, Thomas, now known as \'Leatherface\', has grown up and goes to work in the same slaughterhouse in which his mother died, working for the same boss that put him in the dumpster. The plant is closed by the health inspector due to its horrid conditions. When one of the boss\' assistants insults Leatherface calling him an "animal", he leaves. Later that day Leatherface returns and brutally mauls and kills his boss with a sledgehammer. While leaving he finds and takes a chainsaw. Charlie Hewitt , Luda Mae\'s son, learns from Sheriff Hoyt  what Leatherface has done, and accompanies the Sheriff to arrest Leatherface. When they find Leatherface, Charlie kills the Sheriff with a shotgun and takes his outfit, weapons, and identity. Charlie and Leatherface take the Sheriff\'s body home and butcher him for stew meat, telling the rest of the family that they will not leave and with "good people like the sheriff here" they\'ll never go hungry again. The family then feasts on Sherrif Hoyt\'s remains. Meanwhile, two brothers, Eric  and Dean , drive across the country with their girlfriends Chrissie  and Bailey . They are traveling to enlist to go to Vietnam, Eric having already been, and Dean with a draft card. They stop at a local eatery where they encounter a group of bikers. As the group pulls away, a female biker, Alex, follows them. Dean decides he\'s not going to Vietnam and starts to burn his draft card in front of Eric, Chrissie and Bailey. Alex pulls a shotgun out to get the group to pull over. A chase ensues, ending with the group crashing and flipping their car when Eric turns around attempting to shoot at the biker. In the process, Chrissie gets thrown from the jeep and lands in the weeds, out of sight of the others. Charlie Hewitt/Sheriff Hoyt soon arrives on the scene; he immediately shoots Alex, finds the partially burnt draft card and demands to know which one of the guys is a draft dodger. To save Dean, Eric claims it\'s his. Hoyt makes them put Alex\'s body into his car, forces the rest of the group in as well , and calls for Uncle Monty to tow the wreckage. The truck comes and tows the car, in which Chrissie has hidden herself. Hoyt takes the group to the Hewitt house and calls for Leatherface. He then takes Eric and Dean to a barn and hangs them by their arms from the rafters; he later ties Bailey to the kitchen table inside the house. From afar, Chrissie sees her friends tied up and runs back to the highway to get help. She flags down Holden, one of the bikers from the diner, and tells him about Alex and her friends. Holden takes out a revolver and follows Chrissie back to the Hewitt house. At the Hewitts\', Hoyt wraps Eric\'s face with cellophane, slowly suffocating him for trying to dodge the draft. Dean begs him to stop and finally admits the draft card was his. Hoyt shoves a knife into Eric\'s open, cling-film covered mouth, making him cough up blood and allowing him to breathe. He then releases Dean and tells him he can walk away free if he can do 10 push ups. As he does them Hoyt brutally beats him with his nightstick. Dean eventually does 10 push ups and Hoyt beats him more, then says he\'s free to go, although Dean seems to be temporarily paralyzed. When Hoyt leaves, Eric breaks free from his restraints and gets Dean to safety while he sneaks back in the house and frees Bailey. As they escape, Hoyt comes outside with his shotgun and Eric stands in his way while Dean runs, when Dean stands in a bear trap Hoyt takes advantage of the distraction and knocks out Eric. Bailey almost escapes, taking Monty\'s truck and driving down the road, but Leatherface hooks her in the chest with a meat hook and drags her from the truck and back into the house. Eric is thrown on the kitchen table. Leatherface then carries Eric into the basement where he sees Alex\'s body hanging from the ceiling, parts of her limbs missing. Leatherface punches him, incapacitating Eric, and nails metal straps to a wooden table across his wrists and ankles. Leatherface then picks up a knife and cuts open Eric\'s shirt. While Eric begs for his life, Leatherface inspects the shape and form of Eric\'s face. Holden and Chrissie arrive at the house to search for Alex, and Holden ends up shooting Uncle Monty in one of his kneecaps, before taking Hoyt hostage. Hoyt leads him to a bedroom and calls for Leatherface to help him. Eric now has a strap across his neck as well, and Leatherface starts to cut the skin and flesh from his forearm. Chrissie hears Eric screaming and finds the door to the basement, Leatherface opens the door and walks past Chrissie carrying his chainsaw, without noticing her. Hoyt shows Holden to Bailey, who is tied to a bed with covers around her and incorrectly thinking this must be the girl he\'s looking for. Holden points his gun at Hoyt to kill him, Leatherface stops him and kills him with his chainsaw while Bailey is screaming which distracts Chrissie and Luda Mae. Chrissie finds Eric and tries to free him, but cannot release the metal straps nailed to the table. He says he cannot feel his arm and we see that Leatherface has removed all his nerves. Chrissie hides under the table when Leatherface comes downstairs with his chainsaw in hand. Leatherface inspects Eric\'s face again then starts up his chainsaw and plunging it into Eric, killing him and cutting right through the table. He then skins Eric\'s face, putting it on as a mask. Hoyt calls Leatherface upstairs. Hoyt tells Leatherface he likes his new face and to chainsaw off Uncle Monty\'s legs due to the bullet being unable to be removed. Later Chrissie finds and tries to free Bailey, whom Hoyt has tied up again on the second floor. As Chrissie attempts to untie her friend, Hoyt and Leatherface catch her and bring her downstairs for "dinner". There, Dean sits unconscious as Leatherface slits Bailey\'s throat with a pair of scissors, then grabs Chrissie and tries to carry her downstairs into the basement. In the doorway to the basement, Chrissie manages to stab Leatherface in the back with a screwdriver and escapes by jumping out a window. Realizing their crimes will be discovered if Chrissie managaes to escape, Leatherface furiously chases her with his chainsaw. Dean regains consciousness, escaping to the front of the house. There he assaults Hoyt by smashing his head repeatedly into the solid concrete porch in a similar way Hoyt did to him. He then heads out to find Chrissie. Meanwhile, Chrissie hides in the old slaughterhouse. After noticing Leatherface has found her, she grabs a knife she found and hides in a tank of pigs blood. She cuts Leatherfaces\' face with the knife, but before she can finally escape to freedom, he violently throws her to the ground. As he is about to kill Chrissie with his chainsaw, Dean arrives to stop him but Leatherface impales and kills him with his chainsaw. Meanwhile, Chrissie makes her way to a nearby car and seemingly escapes the nightmare once and for all. Chrissie, desperately looking for help, sees a Deputy who has pulled someone over. As she is about to pull over, Leatherface suddenly appears to have been hiding in the back seat. He kills her by ripping his chainsaw through the back of her seat which then rips through her abdomen, and the car runs over the Deputy and the man pulled over, killing both of them. Leatherface exits the car and walks back along the road to the Hewitt house.'] ['The film takes place in 1986, 13 years after the events of the first film. It begins with two rowdy high school seniors racing along an abandoned stretch of Texas highway, in route to a weekend of fun in Dallas. They are heavily intoxicated and use their car phone to call and harass on-air radio DJ Vanita "Stretch" Brock . Unable to convince them to hang up, Stretch is forced to keep the line open. The two teenagers encounter a large pickup truck which runs parallel to them on a remote bridge. Suddenly, Leatherface ([[Bill Johnson , wielding a chainsaw, emerges from the back of the truck and proceeds to attack the boys. After a short struggle, Rick  tries to shoot Leatherface with a .44 Magnum revolver, but misses his target. Leatherface then slices off part of the head of the driver, and the car ends up crashing. The following morning, Lieutenant "Lefty" Enright , former Texas Ranger, and uncle of Sally Hardesty and her invalid brother Franklin, who were victims of Leatherface and his family years earlier, arrives at the scene of the crime to help solve the murders of the two teenage boys. Lefty has spent the last thirteen years investigating his niece and nephew\'s disappearances while investigating reports of mysterious chainsaw killings across Texas. Although regarded with disdain by his peers, Lefty is able to convince the local newspaper to print a tiny article about his quest for justice. The article captures the interest of Stretch, who brings him a copy of the audio tape which recorded the attack on the two teenagers. Initially mortified, Lefty asks Stretch to play the tape on her nightly radio show so the law enforcers and the people will have to listen to him. As the sounds of the horrible attack echo across the airwaves of Texas, Leatherface\'s family arrive at the radio station. While preparing to leave for the night, Stretch finds Chop Top  , waiting in the lobby. When she tries to get rid of him, Leatherface emerges from the darkness. Horrified, Stretch locks herself behind the metal door of a storage closet, holding off Leatherface until he comes through the wall. Meanwhile, Stretch\'s co-worker arrives, but is beaten badly with a tack hammer by Chop Top. As Leatherface approaches Stretch, about to attack, she does some fast talking and charms him into sparing her. After a moment of distraction, Leatherface restarts his chainsaw and tears off through the studio slashing at walls, furniture and studio equipment, but leaves Stretch alive. He returns to the reception area where he leads Chop Top to believe that he has killed Stretch. Leatherface and Chop Top haul Stretch\'s mortally wounded co-worker off to their home, followed by Stretch, who winds up trapped inside the Sawyer home, which is actually an abandoned carnival ground decorated with human bones, multi-colored lights, and carnival remnants. Lefty soon turns up with three chainsaws of his own and begins to carve up the home in a rage shortly before he finds the remains of his aforemntioned nephew, Franklin. Stretch finds her co-worker dead and takes a look around the hideout. Drayton  finds Stretch roaming the grounds and the family capture her. Lefty eventually finds her being tortured at the dinner table and saves her. Drayton tries to bribe Lefty with money, but Lefty slashes Drayton\'s back side with the chainsaw, and frees Stretch. A battle between Lefty and the Sawyer family ensues, ending with a chainsaw duel between Leatherface and Lefty. As a wounded Drayton commentates from under the table, Lefty gains the upper hand and impales Leatherface in the stomach. In the end, Lefty and most of the Sawyer family  are apparently killed when a grenade  goes off prematurely. Only Chop Top and Stretch escape, where they have a final battle in a carved-out rock tower that overlooks the property. Despite being slashed several times with a straight razor, Stretch grabs a chainsaw held by the mummified remains of the family\'s grandmother in a ritual shrine in the rock tower. Stretch then gets the upper hand on Chop Top, as she cuts him with the chainsaw, causing him to fall off the tower to a presumed death. The final shot shows Stretch standing on top of the tower and emulating Leatherface\'s famous chainsaw dance from the ending of the first film.'] ["The film begins with a woman wearing a hospital gown, whispering to herself. Her back is revealed, showing sutures from injuries all over her back. The scene cuts to a woman who runs from something unknown to a road near a forest. She stops a car, screaming, begging for help, when her hand is revealed, covered in blood from a wound in her stomach. This is revealed to be Marie's dream. She and Alex, her best friend, are on their way to stay at Alex's parents' house for the weekend to study. When they arrive, Alex gives Marie a tour of her house before they settle down for dinner. After dinner, Marie and Alex get ready to go to bed. As Alex sleeps, Marie lies on her bed listening to music and masturbating. Marie hears a doorbell ring and Alex's father wakes to answer it. The man at the door is a serial killer, who slashes Alex's father's face with a straight razor. Alex's father's head is pressed between two rails of the staircase, then the killer shoves the bookcase towards the father's head, decapitating him. The noise awakens Alex's mother, who finds her husband dead and is approached by the killer. Marie, hearing the mother's screams, quickly arranges the guest room to make it appear that no one is staying there, and hides under her bed. The killer inspects Marie's room but does not find her. Marie creeps downstairs and finds Alex chained in her bedroom. Promising to find help, she sneaks into the parents' room to find a phone. After hearing loud thuds, she hides in the closet and through the slats of the door witnesses the killing of Alex's mother as her throat is brutally slashed with a razor. Alex's younger brother runs from the house to the cornfield, pursued by the killer. Marie returns to Alex, where she witnesses the young boy's murder from a window. Marie promises to free Alex, but the killer is heard returning. Marie sneaks into the kitchen and takes a butcher knife. Alex is dragged into the killer's truck. Marie sneaks into the truck with the butcher knife and hides there with Alex. He locks them in and drives off. When the killer stops at a gas station, Marie gives Alex the knife and sneaks into the gas station shop for help. When the killer comes into the shop, Marie hides and she witnesses as the store clerk  is murdered with an axe. The killer returns to the truck and Marie takes the clerk's car keys and chases the killer down a deserted road. The killer notices Marie following him, and rams Marie's vehicle, pushing her car off the road. Exiting on foot, badly injured, Marie runs into the forest as the killer seeks her. Eventually, Marie bludgeons the killer with a fence post covered in barbed wire. As Marie inspects the body, he grabs at her throat, so Marie suffocates him with a plastic sheet and makes her way back to the truck. Alex seems terrified of Marie as she returns to the vehicle. As police investigate the gas station murders via the in-store videotape, the tape shows Marie murdering the store clerk. In retrospect, the audience is shown how the family murders really happened. Finally, the audience discovers that Marie is murderous, delusional, and in love with Alex. At the truck, Marie unties Alex. As soon as Alex is free, she threatens Marie with the knife and accuses her of butchering her family. Alex slashes Marie's face and stabs her in the stomach before running into the forest. Marie chases Alex with a concrete saw. Alex finds a road and flags down a car. As Alex is climbing into the car, Marie appears brandishing the concrete saw and disembowels the driver. A stray piece of glass slices Alex's Achilles tendon. Alex takes a crowbar from the car's toolbox and crawls along the road. Marie forces Alex to tell her that she loves her, and she kisses her. While engaged in the kiss, Alex plunges the crowbar into Marie's chest as Marie proclaims she'll never let anyone come between them. The final scene shows Marie in a psychiatric hospital room, and Alex watching her through a one-way mirror. Marie grins and reaches for Alex, aware that she is behind it."] ["Two men are hunting in and forest and come across an abandoned church. They go in and explore, where one of them receives a machete to the groin by a laughing man wearing a checkered jacket, while Ty runs away screaming. Flash to park ranger, Roy McLean  at his home, followed by a van of five teens looking to go camping, but becoming lost. He warns them not to keep going the way they're going, but they ignore him and keep driving straight, and we are introduced to them: Warren  the blonde, body builder, his girlfriend Constance , the shy, blonde girl, Jonathon , the goofy, horny partygoer, his provocative girlfriend, Megan , and the nerdy camera operator, Daniel . On their way to the campsite, they almost hit a frantic, dirty Ty who tells them to drive away, but they do not listen, and he goes running off into the trees. They finally find a campsite and begin to set up, drinking beer, eating food, and listening to music, not caring about anything around them. When night falls they go to sleep, all the while being watched by something in the woods. The next morning, they eat breakfast and go to the waterfall, seeing a young girl named Merry Logan  who runs off into the woods. Meanwhile, Megan and Jonathon have gone skinnydipping in the lake, not knowing someone is under the water with them. Megan does not realize that Jonathon has gotten out of the water, and feels hands touching her, assuming it's Jonathon, until seeing him on shore, in which she begins to panic and swims to safety. When the group breaks off to go exploring, Jonathon spots Merry and begins to chase her asking what her name is and telling her he will not hurt her. She thinks this is a game and runs out into a clearing where she sees something horrible, backing up towards the trees. Jonathon figures it's the roped passageway over the river ahead, and begins to go across, but Merry runs and he gives chase, only to be hit in the hand with a machete by a deformed, giggling man in a checkered shirt. Jonathon runs to the other side, only to have the rope break, almost plunging him to his death in the rapids below. As he begins to climb up, he is greeted by the same man, who shoves him off to his death with his boot. Megan and Daniel have gone off to takes pictures of the woods and come across the church and a graveyard. Daniel breaks his glasses and sees a figure coming through the woods, and thinking it's Jonathon tells Megan, who decides to make it look like they're making out. Daniel sees the figure approach, and upon realizing it's not Jonathon, pushes Megan out of the way and is stabbed through the stomach with the machete. Megan sees the checkered shirt killer and runs into the church, where she sees him outside picking up Daniel's camera. She turns around and is greeted by the same man, and realizes that they're identical twins, just as he begins to chop her up with the machete as the other takes pictures through the window. Meanwhile, Warren and Constance have met up back at camp, but cannot find anyone else, until they spot Jonathon's body floating around in the river, and pull him out, knowing it's too late to save him. They go to find the others but cannot find any trace of them, as night approaches, so they go back to get the keys from Jonathon's body which has disappeared. Ty finally meets up with Roy and tells him all about the killer twins at the church, and Roy goes out on his horse to find the teens, and comes across Merry's family, who consist of a crazy father, and silent sister/mother. They tell him that the twins were actually theirs and that their mother died after having them, so he mated with his daughter and had Merry. Warren goes to find Jonathon's body to get the car keys, and leaves Constance at the campfire, where she is attacked by one of the twins who chases her up a tree. Warren finds Jonathon's body along with Daniel's who is wearing sunglasses and gets the keys, running back to camp with the ranger. The twin cuts down the tree Constance is in, and are about to kill her when Roy shoots him in the chest, killing him, and he tells the couple to go pack their things. They go back to camp, as Merry runs through the woods to find them. At camp, the other twin stabs Warren and tries to kill Constance, who instead rams her fist down his throat, choking and killing him. Then she stands up, and makes the same noises as them, noting that she may have gone insane, as Warren questions her and Merry watches from the trees, cut to the sunset view of the forest at the beginning."] ['{{Plot}} Adam  and Harley  drive across the country so Adam can tell his ex-girlfriend he still loves her before she gets married. After an encounter with a hearse, the two stop at a pub. They see a monster truck rally on TV and Harley mocks the people watching it. As they are driving away, a giant monster truck drives them off the road. Later on, they have to siphon gasoline from an abandoned RV. However, it is revealed that the RV has a mutilated body inside and the RV is surrounded by truck tracks that form a pentagram. They later stop at a gas station and see the same monster truck. Adam sees the strange-looking driver and Harley urinates in the cab of the monster truck before they speed away. At a hotel, Adam and Harley wake up with roadkill in their beds; they find a hitchhiker named Sarah  sleeping in the backseat when they get to the car. Sarah eventually has sex with Adam. Later, they witness the monster truck run over a man, and they meet a man missing an arm who tells them the creature in the monster truck takes people\'s limbs, but lets the victims live. Afterwards, the three drive through a ghost town with many scarecrows. They find a diner at the end of the town and begin to eat, but Adam finds they are eating human flesh. They panic and run away. After being chased by the man in the monster truck, their car is destroyed. Adam, Harley, and Sarah run into the woods and the man follows them. He finally catches up with them and shoves Harley into a tree, supposedly killing him, and kidnaps Sarah. Adam follows him to a shack covered with pentagrams, severed limbs, and a man whose entire middle section has been crushed. Adam finally finds Sarah and tries to escape, but Sarah knocks him unconscious. Sarah and the man, Bob, are brother and sister. They tie Adam to a table while the "corpse" with the crushed midsection, Fred, explains that Bob accidentally ran him over, crushing his midsection and sending Bob through the windshield. Sarah says she stitched Fred up and used black magic to bring him back to life. Fred explains that they can use other people\'s limbs to add to his own body as long as the donor stays alive and they could only transfer entire bodies if the body was prepared correctly. Sarah says that they needed someone easy to prepare and Adam was the right person. Previous events begin to make sense to Adam. Everything that happened to Adam and Harley before was preparing Adam so that Fred could have his body: stepping into a pentagram with a mutilated body, sleeping with roadkill, Sarah having sex with him, and eating human flesh. Adam manages to escape and kills Sarah by slashing her throat. He also cuts Fred in half when he gets up and starts to attack him. Meanwhile, Bob locks the door. When Adam tries to leave, Bob swallows the key. After a fight, Adam blinds Bob with a pencil. Fred trips Adam, who gets a nose bleed. Bob senses the blood and tells Adam that he can track him now with his own blood. Adam quickly thinks and leads a trail of blood to a blade that is stuck in a door. The plan works and Bob is impaled by the blade. Adam reaches into Bob\'s impaled stomach and takes the key that was swallowed. Outside, Bob chases Adam, but is run over by his own monster truck driven by Harley. Harley remarks he was playing dead and apologizes to Adam, and Adam gives up on getting Betty-Ann to fall in love with him. Adam then continues to run over Bob with the monster truck. At the end, the mutilated remains of Bob are seen saying "You can\'t kill me."'] 