['Jake Austen for Time Out described the film as follows: :After the Beatles conquered the world, America responded with the Monkees, a friendlier version playing Brill Building hits. Inversely, in Germany, a pair of avant-garde geniuses  conceptualized the monks, a group of bizarre anti-Beatles who would write their own dark minimalist rock. The gifted band, a group of five Americans who had recently finished their U.S. military service at a German base, had honed its skills by playing up to 40 hours a week in the same beat clubs that provided the Beatles’ training. The musicians’ new managers dressed them in black, shaved their heads like monks, provided them with a series of manifestos, and coached them to reconfigure their band to feature tribal drumming, feedback and electric banjo. Somehow, this resulted in one of the greatest albums in rock history. Despite experimenting with minimalism, tension and antipop sensibilities , the record is danceable and joyous. :One of the most fascinating aspects of the film is seeing the five contemporary monks discussing the history they had all buried upon returning to America in 1967, after the band’s dissolution. Larry Clark, the Chicago-bred R&B keyboardist, won’t allow himself to attach any significance to his work with the monks. Absurdly, of the five articulate interviewees, only guitarist and lead singer Gary Burger is willing to attribute political significance to the Vietnam lyrics in their theme song. With this lack of singular vision, it’s not surprising that the filmmakers framed their story by focusing on the conceptualists’ vision.'] ['The film documents how Ry Cooder, long-time friend of Wenders, brought together legendary Cuban musicians to record an album (also called [[Buena Vista Social Club , and to perform a concert in the United States. Although they are geographically close, travel between Cuba and the United States is restricted due to the political tension between the two countries, so many of the artists were travelling there for the first time. The film shows their reactions to this experience, as well as including footage of the resultant sell-out concert. It also includes interviews with each of the main performers.'] ['The film documents the varied playing and recording styles of guitarists Jimmy Page, The Edge, and Jack White. Page\'s history with guitar traces back to his childhood when he played in a skiffle band. After desiring to do more than play pop music, Page "retires" from guitar playing to attend art school. He later revives his music career as a session guitarist, only to be discouraged by the realization that he is playing others\' music and stifling his own creativity. At that point, Page begins to write and perform in the bands The Yardbirds and Led Zeppelin. Page discusses the skiffle and blues music that influenced him at the time. For many of Page\'s scenes, he is seen visiting Headley Grange, where several songs from Led Zeppelin IV were recorded, and in one scene, explains how the distinctive drum sound from "When the Levee Breaks" was achieved from the acoustics of the house it was recorded in. The Edge\'s history with guitar traces back to building a guitar with his brother Dik and learning to play. In the film, he visits Mount Temple Comprehensive School and recalls forming U2 in his childhood. He also demonstrates his playing technique, in how he eliminates certain strings from chords, as well as his use of echo and delay effects to "fill in notes that aren\'t there". He also discusses his purchase of his signature guitar, the Gibson Explorer, in New York City and the punk music that influenced him. In other scenes, he plays early demo tapes of "Where the Streets Have No Name", discusses his inspiration for "Sunday Bloody Sunday", and spends time experimenting with guitar effects for the riffs to "Get on Your Boots". Jack White traces his musical background to his childhood in a rundown neighborhood of Detroit. Living with two drum sets and a guitar occupying his room and sleeping on a piece of foam due to taking out his bed for more room for his music, White struggled to find a musical identity, as it was "uncool" to play an instrument and his nine siblings all shared a musical propensity. His strong interest in blues and roots music opposed the hip hop and house music popular in the predominantly Latino south Detroit neighbourhood at the time. White eventually finds a niche in a garage rock band called The Upholsterers while working as an upholsterer, which paves the way for his future bands The White Stripes and The Raconteurs. White\'s philosophy is to limit and challenge himself in various ways to force creative approaches to recording and playing. The touchstone of the film is a meeting of the three guitarists dubbed "The Summit". In these scenes, the three guitarists not only converse about their influences and techniques, but they also play each other\'s songs together, showing each other how to play "I Will Follow", "Dead Leaves and the Dirty Ground", and "In My Time of Dying". The film concludes with the men playing an impromptu cover version of The Band\'s "The Weight" on acoustic guitars.'] ['Riding the notoriety of winning the weekly Freestyle Friday rap battle on BET’s 106 and Park for seven consecutive weeks, Jin shattered seemingly insurmountable boundaries and stereotypes by becoming the first Asian American rapper to sign a recording deal with a major label when he signed with Virgin Records . The film follows Jin and his crew as they tour Asia to promote Jin’s debut album, The Rest is History. Along the way, we are treated to a fascinating glimpse into the life of a rapper, as well as the rapidly growing hip hop communities in Asian cities such as Hong Kong, Shanghai, Taipei, and Tokyo. The film gained wide acclaim and some shock from screening audiences at the Atlanta Film Festival as they reacted to the startling visage of Jamaican-American promoter Andrew Ballen speaking fluent Chinese on the Shanghai leg of the tour.'] ['The film opens during the Dixie Chicks\' 2003 Top of the World Tour, discussing the Dixie Chicks\' super-star status prior the incident at their London show. They had sold more albums in the United States than any other female band in history. With the release of their 2002 album Home, they were again at the top of the Billboard Charts. The new single from that album "Travelin\' Soldier", a sensitive depiction of a soldier\'s life during the Vietnam War era, and the young woman who waited for him, finding he was killed in battle, had peaked at #1 on the US Billboard Hot Country Songs Chart. The film then cuts to a scene from the Dixie Chicks\' March 10, 2003 concert at the Shepherd\'s Bush Empire Theatre in London, England. The atmosphere in the European audience is of dramatic opposition to the announcement from United States President George W. Bush\'s authorization of the invasion of Iraq. Approximately 1 million people had recently demonstrated in London against the impending war."Thousands more take stand against conflict in demonstrations throughout Britain" The Guardian, 10 March 2003. Access date 15 May 2010. During the introduction to their song "Travelin\' Soldier", Natalie Maines, a Texas native, says: {{cquote}} The Guardian, a major English Newspaper, published Maines\' statement as simply "Just so you know, we\'re ashamed the president of the United States is from Texas.".Campbell, Duncan . "\'Dixie sluts\' fight on with naked defiance" Guardian Unlimited Conservative groups in the U.S. rallied against the Dixie Chicks and a firestorm of anger and criticism followed. The film shows the band\'s reaction to the open hostility, political and corporate backlash, and physical threats directed at the group. The band did not expect such a strong reaction, and they are unsure if they should "shut up and sing", apologize, or stand by their convictions and let more sparks fly. The film follows the day-to-day life of the Chicks. It shows them with their husbands and their children, at home in Texas and in the recording studio in Los Angeles, getting their hair and makeup done before appearances, exchanging ribald remarks with each other, writing song lyrics and working on musical arrangements. Simon Renshaw, the group\'s longtime manager, is the focus of many scenes as he attempts to guide the Chicks through the vicissitudes of the music industry. The title of the film is a lyric from the Dixie Chicks\' 2006 post-controversial single "Not Ready to Make Nice" from the album Taking the Long Way. It was the criticism and hate mail that they received because of their political statements, one of which drew such concern from both the FBI and the Texas Rangers that they advised the Chicks to cancel a concert in Dallas, Texas, and they were shown the original letter that specified a date, time, and location at which lead singer Natalie Maines would be shot dead, unless she "shut up and sang". However, the show took place without incident. Living in a constant state of fear took an emotional toll on the Chicks, in particular because they toured with their children.Cohn, Angel TV Guide Shut Up and Sing Review Retrieved 12 June, 2008 The song, "Not Ready to Make Nice" includes a reference to that very real death threat:  And how in the world can the words that I said  Send somebody so over the edge  That they\'d write me a letter  Saying that I better  shut up and sing or my life will be over?!  Commentator Laura Ingraham coined the phrase &#34;shut up and sing&#34;; it was the title of her 2003 book Shut Up & Sing: How Elites from Hollywood, Politics, and the UN Are Subverting America. The tagline of the film, "freedom of speech is fine as long as you don\'t do it in public", is a reference to a scene in which an interviewed protester says &#34;freedom of speech is fine but by God you don&#39;t do it outside of the country and you don&#39;t do it in mass publicly&#34;.'] ['The film begins by listing the headlining acts of the Super Rock festival held in Japan in 1984: Scorpions, Whitesnake, and Bon Jovi, all of whom have gone on to sell millions of records, except one: Anvil. Despite their ambition, the Canadian band was unable to achieve the same level of success. Instead, singer and guitarist Steve "Lips" Kudlow drives trucks for Children\'s Choice Catering, delivering food to schools and institutions. Drummer Robb Reiner works in construction. But both would rather be playing on stage at the local sports bar to their small but dedicated group of fans, as shown during a show for Steve\'s 50th birthday party. Steve gets an email from a European fan named Tiziana Arrigoni, who offers to set up a European tour for the band, estimating 1500 Euros per show. The tour has a promising start at the Sweden Rock festival, where the group interacts with Michael Schenker and Carmine Appice, but it quickly goes downhill. Trains are full before the band can buy tickets, they miss travel connections altogether, they get lost in Prague due to language barriers and scuffle with the bar owner who refuses to pay since the band was 2 hours late, they play to mostly empty rooms and complain about the lack of promotion, eventually running out of money and sleeping in a train station. At one point, Robb refuses to perform and announces he\'s quitting from the band, only to be persuaded by Steve to stick it out. The final concert of the tour is the Monsters of Transylvania rock concert, held in a 10,000 seat arena and promising a crowd of 5,000. But only 174 people show up. The band returns to Canada having taken 5 weeks off of work and making no money. Steve describes the financial difficulties that have befallen the band, including his own second mortgage, and bassist Glenn Five\'s homelessness. Guitarist Ivan Hurd ends up marrying Tiziana, and Anvil plays at the wedding reception as a handful of family members watch politely. Robb describes his other passion, painting, focusing on themes of solitude. Steve notes that recent Anvil albums have not been as well written or produced as earlier efforts, such as Metal on Metal, and sends a rough demo tape to the producer of that record, Chris "CT" Tsangarides. CT replies to Steve that he feels the songs have potential, and after a face to face meeting they decide to record their 13th album, This Is Thirteen. The band still needs to raise the £13,000 to finance the recording. He returns to Canada and tries to raise the money as a telemarketer selling sunglasses, but does not make a single sale. Eventually, he borrows the money from his sister Rhonda. The band spends over a month recording in Dover, England. After several stressful weeks of recording, an argument ensues between Steve and Robb over the quality of each other\'s recording takes. The argument turns heated and Robb threatens to quit again, but they are able to reconcile and finish recording the album. Steve and Robb try unsuccessfully to market it to several record labels , but decide to sell the album themselves through internet and concert sales. Despite the lack of major label distribution, Steve considers the recording process and finished album a success, stating that the band was able to stay true to their roots and form/maintain strong relationships with family and friends. Steve receives a phone call asking Anvil to play a concert in Japan. Excitedly, the group returns to the site that marked the highlight of their career. Their spirits are dampened when they realize they are the very first act at a 3-day festival, taking the stage at 11:35 am. Fearing disaster, the group however takes the stage to a large, receptive crowd.'] ['Heavy Metal Parking Lot documents heavy metal music fans tailgating in the parking lot outside the Capital Centre  in Landover, Maryland, on May 31, 1986, before a Judas Priest concert .'] ['The documentary follows the heavy metal scene in Los Angeles, with particular emphasis on the glam metal sub-genre. Spheeris explores the more famous musicians, including Alice Cooper, Aerosmith, Ozzy Osbourne, Dave Mustaine and Paul Stanley. She then explores unknown bands, such as London, Odin and Seduce. The film also features interviews with members of Poison, Tuff, Vixen, Faster Pussycat, W.A.S.P., and more. Serious issues such as drug usage, alcohol abuse, and censorship are tackled, as well as vanity issues like celebrity and sales. The film is well known for its many scenes featuring rock star excess. The scenes include: *Chris Holmes of W.A.S.P. is interviewed in a swimming pool beside his mother while extremely intoxicated. He stumbles through the interview, and pours a bottle of vodka both in his mouth and on his head. It was later claimed the bottle of vodka that Holmes poured onto himself was actually water. *The unsigned band Odin explains how they want to be more famous than The Doors and expects to become millionaires (Odin\'s guitarist, [[Jeff Duncan . *An interview with club owner Bill Gazzarri, who at the time organised a \'sexy rock and roll\' dance contest, which was presented as being sleazy and sexist. *Discussions with various musicians about the way women in general, and groupies in particular, are treated badly in the metal scene. *Riki Rachtman and Taime Downe, then owners of the Cathouse club in L.A., discuss how girls get entry to the club faster if they dress \'sleazy\'. *Paul Stanley of Kiss is interviewed in a bed while surrounded from head to toe with girls. *Steven Tyler of Aerosmith talks about spending millions of dollars on drugs. *As Ozzy Osbourne cooks eggs in a kitchen he spills orange juice all over the table, apparently due to uncontrollable shakes. This was later claimed to have been faked. Spheeris also interviews him about sobriety, to which Ozzy replies, "It fucking sucks." *An interview with Lemmy from Motörhead. In his autobiography, he claims that Spheeris interviewed him from a distance, possibly in an attempt to make him look stupid.<ref name Kilmister | first  2002 | title  0-671-03331-X | publisher  London u.a. | page = 210 }} * Candid and sobering interviews from various artists about drug use, abuse and dying  from overdoses. *Lastly, Spheeris takes her cameras to Sunset Strip to film the nightlife in 1980s Los Angeles.'] ['The film features Joan Baez, Donovan and Alan Price , Dylan\'s manager Albert Grossman and his road manager Bob Neuwirth; Marianne Faithfull, John Mayall, Ginger Baker, and Allen Ginsberg may also be glimpsed in the background. The film shows a young Dylan: confident if not arrogant, confrontational and contrary, but also charismatic and charming. Notable scenes include: *Dylan\'s extended taunting of Time Magazines London arts and science correspondent Horace Freeland Judson who was subjected to what he believes to be a contrived tirade of abuse from Dylan. *Dylan\'s interrupting Alan Price\'s backstage performance of "Little Things" to ask Price why he left The Animals. *Dylan and Baez singing Hank Williams songs in a hotel room, as well as Baez singing the first few verses of "Percy\'s Song" and "Love Is Just a Four-Letter Word"  *Dylan\'s pre-concert philosophical jousting with a "science student" ([[Terry Ellis . *Grossman negotiating with former Bebop Dance band leader and music agent, Tito Burns. *Dylan singing "Only a Pawn in Their Game" on July 6, 1963 at a Voters\' Registration Rally in Greenwood, Mississippi .Dylan: Don\'t look back *A selection of songs from Dylan\'s Royal Albert Hall performance. *Dylan regaling the room with "It\'s All Over Now, Baby Blue" after proclaiming "Hey, that\'s pretty GOOD, man!" in the middle of Donovan\'s performance of "To Sing for You". Dylan\'s romance with Baez had pretty much run its course by the time of the tour, and the film candidly captures what amounts to their breakup. The opening scene of the film also served as a kind of music video for Dylan\'s song "Subterranean Homesick Blues", in which the singer displays and discards a series of cue cards bearing selected words and phrases from the lyrics . Allen Ginsberg makes a cameo appearance during this episode.'] ["Speaking in Code is an account of people who are lost in music. Director Amy Grill follows a series of characters  over a number of years as some struggle to make it while others thrive in the world of electronic music. The film reveals six intertwined character studies and raw vérité views of new music. It's a window into a world filled with warehouse parties, endless gigs, international travel, risks, inventions, triumphs and breakdowns. The characters are: Modeselektor, a producer duo, jettisoned from playing a tiny room in the US to playing to 20,000 people at the Sónar festival in Barcelona; journalist Philip Sherburne, who leaves America to find a more complete techno lifestyle in Europe; The Wighnomy Brothers, catapulted from their idyllic world in Jena, Germany to face their breaking point on camera; Tobias Thomas of Kompakt, who contemplates the near-end of his career; and Monolake, an inventor of the Ableton software that nearly all electronic musicians use to create their music, who continues his steady yet quirky approach to a life in music. While back in the US, David Day  tries tirelessly to turn Boston from a rock-centric town to a techno city. Day's wanton attempts to make electronic music popular put strain on his marriage to the director."] ["The 90 minute film uses historical footage and animation. It uses the concerts to tell a broader story of Shea Stadium's history and how that related to changes that occurred in American suburban life and how they affected Long Island and Billy Joel. The film reveals several previously unknown facts."] ["In the late 1980s a few kids in the small, sleepy Southern town of Little Rock, discovered punk rock and the DIY ethic that drove it. Unlike other towns, Little Rock's punk scene was composed almost entirely of junior high and High School kids. Over the next decade, they would book their own shows, start record labels, open record stores, play with national acts and formulate a collective set of ideals. In 1992, they released Towncraft, a compilation album and zine that documented their scene. Towncraft focuses on the roots of the Little Rock scene, how it changed the lives of those involved, the DIY ethos that has shaped the scene for the past 20 years and how the scene continues to thrive outside of the mainstream."] ["The first part of the film is a slideshow of photos before Copeland acquired his video camera. This includes the era with Henry Padovani and the arrival of Andy Summers. The film then follows the band as they try to find success in America, joined by Copeland's childhood friend Kim Turner as their tour manager. The band then return to Europe, performing at various festivals. They then got their first taste of fame when a mob of fans wait for them in Birmingham after a show. This is followed by number one singles on both sides of the Atlantic and the band's explosive shoot to success. However, they collaborate less and less on songs as Sting brings in almost finished songs. It ends with The Police headlining the US Festival in 1982 and their eventual breakup."] ['Shot in and around Willis\' native Chicago area, the documentary simply shows footage of Willis\' daily life with his songs serving as the soundtrack. Willis appears unkempt, morbidly obese and mentally unstable. His songwriting technique is shown as he visits a local Kinko\'s dressed sloppily and barefoot, and types expletives and repetitive bestiality references on a computer as lyrics and prints the document. His songs deal with subjects such as praise for celebrities that he had met or admired, reports on bands that he had seen, stories about violent confrontations with superheroes, and expletive-packed rants at his mental "demons". Willis says music helps him silence the discouraging mental voices, but his fan following comes from people who find his songs humorous.{{Who}} Many of his compositions are very similar, a fact that is highlighted by scenes of him recording songs such as "I Whipped Superman\'s Ass", "I Whipped Spider-Man\'s Ass" and "I Whupped Batman\'s Ass", which are overlaid to highlight their similarities. Willis also visits a zoo, overdubbed with one of his many songs about bestiality. Towards the end Willis is shown playing with his band, the Wesley Willis Fiasco. Several of Willis\' friends are interviewed, among them recording engineer Steve Albini. They reminisce over how they met Wesley and how they feel about him. Generally they are all sympathetic of his plight and it is stated he would likely be deceased if he had not cultivated such a network. One friend describes Willis\' poor upbringing , and touchingly, Willis\' own despair at his condition: "I\'m already doomed. I can\'t find a girlfriend, I can\'t do a goddamned thing."'] ['The film begins on August 6, 1990, the day after the final show of the Blond Ambition Tour in Nice. Madonna cleans up her hotel room while, in a voice-over, she explains that she is not as emotional as the rest of her group over the end of the tour. She has already grieved, she says, but it will hit her later and she hopes she will be in a safe place when it happens. In a flashback to April 1990, the tour is about to kick off in Japan. Everything is a mess; there are sound problems and Madonna did not realize that the tour is during the rainy season in Japan. Because it is cold and wet, Madonna and the dancers scrap their costumes for warmer attire. In a voice-over, Madonna confesses that the only thing keeping her from "slashing my wrists" is the thought of returning to North America and performing the show as it is meant to be. In America, Madonna meets the families of her dancers. One dancer, Oliver, sees his father for the first time in several years, while Madonna talks with her father, Silvio "Tony" Ciccone, on the phone. Though she insists that she can get him tickets, he is reluctant to impose. The Blond Ambition tour stops in Los Angeles, where sound problems abound. Despite reassurances, Madonna focuses on the technical problems and yells at her manager, Freddy DeMann, for allowing so many people from the music industry, who appeared bored by her performance, in the front rows. Though then-boyfriend Warren Beatty tries to console her, he is distracted by the cameras and walks away laughing. Madonna parties with several celebrities, including Dick Tracy co-stars Al Pacino and Mandy Patinkin, and Olivia Newton-John. Kevin Costner offends Madonna by calling her show "neat". Madonna pretends to gag after he leaves. Despite the lively atmosphere, Beatty still seems bothered by the cameras\' presence. During her stay in Washington, D.C., Madonna attends the premiere of Dick Tracy with Beatty, with whom she co-starred. In another voice-over, she describes a dream that she had the night before: Mikhail Gorbachev came to her show and she thought about how jealous Beatty would be that she met him first. She declares it "a good dream". On the final night of the show in Toronto, Madonna is informed that plainclothes officers are prepared to arrest her if she performs the simulated masturbation scene at the end of "Like a Virgin". Madonna refuses to change her show, stating, "Last time I was on tour, Sean [Penn] was in jail. I guess it\'s my turn." Freddy DeMann bets that the threat of arrest will only make Madonna go further and no one takes his bet. According to a news report, Toronto police decide not to arrest the singer, claiming that no threats were made. The Blond Ambition tour goes to Madonna\'s hometown of Detroit. In a voice-over, Madonna expresses the difficulty she has going back home, especially since fame seems to change one\'s loved ones. At the end of "Holiday", Madonna calls her father on stage and sings "Happy Birthday to You". Backstage, Tony and his wife, Joan, compliment Madonna  on the show, though Tony expresses his displeasure at some of the more "burlesque" aspects. Madonna and Christopher wait for their older brother, Martin, to show up while they discuss his substance abuse problems. By the time Martin arrives, Christopher has left and Madonna has gone to bed. Madonna reunites with her "childhood idol", Moira McFarland-Messana. Moira gives Madonna a painting she made entitled "Madonna and Child", and asks Madonna to be the godmother to her unborn child. Before leaving Detroit, Madonna visits her mother\'s grave as "Promise to Try" plays in the background. It is the first time she has visited her mother\'s grave since she was a little girl. Madonna lies down beside her mother\'s grave as Christopher watches and Madonna whispers that, "I\'m going to fit in right here. They\'re going to bury me sideways." As the tour continues, Madonna\'s throat problems worsen while Beatty becomes more fed up with the cameras. During a throat examination in Madonna\'s hotel room, Beatty chastises her for the documentary, telling her the atmosphere is driving everyone insane. Madonna ignores Beatty, and when she declines to have the rest of her examination done off camera, Beatty starts laughing, saying, "She doesn\'t want to live off-camera, much less talk... What point is there of existing off-camera?" Due to Madonna\'s throat problems she cancels some of her shows. In New York, Madonna\'s doctor instructs her not to talk and she finds herself isolated in her apartment with only her assistant, Melissa, as contact to the outside world. Everything seems to fall apart and she loses contact with the dancers. Star reports that Madonna dumped Beatty for one of her dancers, Oliver Crumes. The other dancers torment him and Madonna chastises them. Sharon, a make-up artist, is drugged and sodomized while partying. In a prayer circle before the final show in New York, Madonna attempts to pull everyone back together. The third leg of the tour kicks off in Europe with everyone in better spirits. Madonna and the dancers visit Chanel in Paris, fool around at Melissa\'s birthday party and imitate Madonna\'s 1984 "Like a Virgin" music video. As the tour nears Italy, the Pope attempts to have it banned, forcing Madonna to cancel one show. Sandra Bernhard appears to cheer up Madonna. Sandra asks who would really blow her away if she could meet them and Madonna replies, "That guy who\'s in all of Pedro Almodóvar\'s films - Antonio Banderas." When Almodóvar throws a party in Madrid and invites the future Evita co-stars, Madonna spends a week thinking up ways to seduce Banderas. It turns out that he is married, ending Madonna\'s two-year crush. While Madonna works in her hotel room, voice-overs from her family, friends, and co-workers describe the star. Though she is happier now than she was on her last tour, Sandra Bernhard does not think that she takes enough time to enjoy her successes. Others describe her in unflattering terms. Luis Camacho says, "I just feel like she\'s a little girl lost in the storm sometimes. You know, there\'s just a whole whirlwind of things going on around her, and sometimes she gets caught up in it." As the tour winds down, the group plays a game of Truth or Dare?. Madonna is asked, "Who has been the love of your life for your whole life? Your biggest love?" Madonna replies without hesitation, "Sean. Sean." Madonna invites her dancers, one-by-one, to join her in bed, where she imparts words of wisdom to each. While the show\'s closing act, "Keep It Together", plays, a montage of Madonna saying good-bye to her dancers is shown. The film ends with a clip of Madonna telling director Alek Keshishian to go away and, "Cut it, Alek! Cut it, Goddamnit!"'] ['The film opens with the a title card and the sound of Carlos Santana\'s guitar solo from the song Black Magic Woman. Paul Green, the primary subject of the film introduces the evening\'s concert. The camera pans to reveals that the guitarist is twelve year old C.J. Tywoniak. The School is then introduced, with Green re-enacting a scene from the film The Silence of the Lambs as Jame Gumb for a group of students. This is followed by the first of a number of interview segments with Green throughout the film. He explains why he started a performance-based program. 9 year old twin boys Asa and Tucker Collins are interviewed, followed by an interview with Tywoniak and his parents about his future in music, teenage girl Madi Diaz-Svalgard, a Quaker singer/songwriter who frequently clashes with Green and finally Will O\'Conner a less-successful student who credits the School with saving his life. These students are followed closely through the rest of the film. Green talks about various students and then introduces the All-Star program, which is concentrating on the music of Frank Zappa, and including concert footage of the students playing a Zappa song. He then leads the camera on a tour of the School, dropping in on various classroom lessons including Asa trying to learn Black Sabbath\'s "The Wizard". The film moves to the Tucker home and introduces the twins\' mother Andrea Tucker, followed by O\'Conner at home with his mother Lisa. There is a montage of scenes of the students rehearsing for a beginner\'s Black Sabbath show, and an 80\'s show by the intermediate students, and interviews with other students including Eric and Julie Slick, and keyboard teacher Eric Svalgard, father of Madi Diaz. Green confesses that, if the school is successful, the students will become better musicians than himself, followed by his personal history and introduces his wife Lisa. A clip of Zappa musician Napoleon Murphy Brock is played for the students, and Green talks about getting the students to play Zappa\'s notoriously difficult music. The All-Stars have been invited to play the annual Zappa music festival Zappanale. Green and various students are interviewed about the upcoming event. Diaz is interviewed about a side project with her Quaker friends, the Friendly Gangstaz who rap traditional Quaker hymns, which Green mocks. Tywoniak\'s parents discuss their son\'s focus and drive. Andrea Tucker applies make-up to her son Tucker and dresses Asa\'s hair into the Mohawk hairstyle seen on the film poster in preparation for the twins\' Black Sabbath show while singing the song "Sweet Leaf". Several Black Sabbath songs are performed at at the concert including "Sweet Leaf", "Paranoid" and "Iron Man". Green delivers a ranting, profanity-laden halftime speech during the intermission of the show. On the commentary track, the directors reveal that the MPAA informed them that the film was rated R, and had 38 usages of the word "fuck". The location switches to Green\'s home and a scene with his infant son, who dances enthusiastically to a Zappa song. A title card reveals that Tywoniak had to undergo emergency orthopedic surgery two days before a concert. Green introduces him at the concert, revealing that Tywoniak would not undergo the operation unless he could play the concert. Back at the school, Green tells the students that Melissa Dribben, a reporter from the Philadelphia Inquirer newspaper, is to do a feature story on the school. The article is critical of Green and his methods and O\'Conner says that it "was written with the composition of a fourth grader". Dribben had called O\'Conner "the sad Eeyore of Rock School", and revealed a Green joke about the "Will O\'Conner Award for the Student Most Likely To Kill Himself". This caused considerable friction at O\'Conner\'s home, resulting in him leaving the school. There is another montage of rehearsals for the 80s tribute show which was not going well, a situation exacerbated by a broken air conditioner on a very hot day. Diaz and Green are interviewed about their relationship, Green stating that he believes she is "an extraordinary talent". Green is interviewed in his car in a calmer, more reflective mood, revealing that he created Rock School so that he "had something that he could be the best at". Tywoniak is shown at the Guitar Gods show playing Eddie Van Halen\'s cover of the Kinks song "You Really Got Me", followed by more interview footage of Green in the backyard of his home and O\'Conner after he had left the school. Another montage of the fraught 80s show rehearsals with Green ranting and slamming doors, screaming "Don\'t fucking make mistakes! Not on \'Rebel Yell\'!" Green is interviewed about his relationship with the students, and motivation. O\'Conner is interviewed at an art space screen-printing t-shirts, reflecting on his time at the school. The All-Stars are shown rehearsing Zappa songs for their trip to Germany and the Zappanale festival, aboard the flight, arriving at the Berlin airport and traveling to Bad Doberan. Green gives a long pep talk about the upcoming concert at the youth hostel at which the kids are staying, followed by a trip to the festival. The next day, Green wakes the kids, followed by interviews with each of the All-Stars about the upcoming show, performing technically difficult music before an audience very familiar with that music. The All-Stars rehearse "Inca Roads" with Napoleon Murphy Brock, who is interviewed about his experience, recalling being incredulous when first informed of the school and the material the students were playing. Green gives a last-minute set of performance notes before they take the stage. They perform Zappa\'s "Zomby Woof", followed by an original solo by Tywoniak, intercut with shots of audience members with incredulous looks on their faces. Brock then takes the stage, dropping to his knees, genuflecting to Tywoniak before going to the front of the stage and leading the audience in a mass genuflection before leading the band on "Inca Roads". As the All-Stars leave the stage, they are greeted by a collection of other festival performers including Jimmy Carl Black of the Mothers of Invention who thanks Green for his work and describes the All-Stars as "phenomenal". The All-Stars are jamming with other festival performers in final concert scene, and Green hugs his performers. The end of the film features interviews with O\'Conner, Tywoniak, Diaz, Green and the Tucker twins trying to sum up their Rock School experience. The credit sequence features the students playing "School\'s Out" with Alice Cooper at the film\'s premiere at the Sundance Film Festival, intercut with additional scenes of Green and the students of the school.'] ["The film has a very thin plot which is no more than a vehicle to link together the concert footage. It concerns the adventures of Ashley Wallace ([[Robert Hughes , a naïve DJ on Radio 2TW, who normally presents a through-the-night country and western-themed show. In spite of this, he is sent by the station's boss  to get an in-depth interview  with the group, whose fame and stature neither he nor Ashley have the first clue about, which is to be aired on the day ABBA leave Australia. Needless to say, Ashley, who has never done an interview before, singularly fails, mainly because he has forgotten to pack his press card, although the fact that he is unable to buy a ticket doesn't help matters either. Armed with his trusty reel-to-reel tape recorder, Ashley is forced to follow the group all over Australia, beginning in Sydney, and then travelling, in order, to Perth, Adelaide, and Melbourne, experiencing repeated run-ins with the group's very protective bodyguard , as well as his increasingly exasperated boss. Throughout the movie, we see Ashley interviewing members of the public, asking them if and why they like ABBA- most comments are positive. Eventually, Ashley has an unbelievably lucky chance encounter with Stig Anderson, the group's manager, who agrees to arrange an interview, and gives him tickets to that evening's concert. But Ashley sleeps in and misses the appointed interview time. Just as Ashley is about to give up , he steps into an elevator and finds himself face-to-face with ABBA. They agree to give him an interview, and he leaves Melbourne just in time to meet the deadline for the radio show to go out on-air. He puts together the final edit in the back of a taxi on the way back from the airport, as ABBA depart Australia for Europe. With only minutes to go, Ashley makes it back to the radio station where, having set the tape up on the studio's playback machine, he relaxes at his control desk to listen as the interview—which he worked so long and hard to obtain—is broadcast over the airwaves Down Under."] ['The film follows the pop star Justin Bieber during 10 days counting down to what is considered his biggest performance, that of August 31, 2010 in Madison Square Garden, which sold out in 22 minutes. It shows footage of the performances during this period from his My World Tour. It shows excited female fans, and several instances of the "One Less Lonely Girl" routine of inviting a girl on stage for him to serenade and give flowers to, and of surprising random girls with free tickets to his concerts. The main people around Bieber, being like family and good friends to him, are interviewed, but Bieber himself is not. Various instances of praying together before a show are shown. The film also includes a visit Bieber made to his hometown while being in Canada for the tour. He is scolded for having damaged his voice while having fun with his old friends. Reluctantly he accepts the postponement of a performance in Syracuse. He is not allowed to speak for some days, and thus recovers enough to do the next performance, at MSG. Also included are some of the story and old videos of Bieber\'s childhood. He was raised by his mother but also had a very special bond with his maternal grandfather. The latter still gets emotional about the time that Bieber and his mother moved to Atlanta.'] ["David Leaf and John Scheinfeld interviewed close to three dozen of Nilsson's friends, colleagues and extended family, who all shared their memories of Harry Nilsson, his music and how it affected them. This was put together in a documentary where we follow Harry Nilsson from childhood to death, enjoying the highs and lows along with him, from Grammy wins through divorce and substance abuse. The film features original interviews with well-known friends and acquaintances of Nilsson, including Perry Botkin, Jr., Micky Dolenz, Terry Gilliam, Mark Hudson, Eric Idle, Al Kooper, Randy Newman, Yoko Ono, Van Dyke Parks, Richard Perry, Jimmy Webb, Paul Williams, Robin Williams, Brian Wilson and The Smothers Brothers. Also included are interviews with Nilsson's family, including his wives and children. Perhaps the most notable absence in the film is Ringo Starr, who does not feel comfortable talking about three people in person: John Lennon, George Harrison and Harry Nilsson. Another notable absence in the film is arranger-composer George Tipton, who worked closely with Nilsson on nearly all of his early RCA recordings - they reportedly had an unexplained and permanent falling-out, and Tipton refused to be interviewed for the film."] ["The rockumentary film Lemmy was directed and produced by Greg Olliver and Wes Orshoski. It consists of a combination of 16 mm film and HD video footage, produced over four years.Lemmy: The Movie Official Website It features interviews with friends, peers, and admirers such as Dave Grohl, Slash and Duff McKagan of Guns N' Roses and Velvet Revolver, Ozzy Osbourne, James Hetfield, Lars Ulrich, Robert Trujillo, and Kirk Hammett of Metallica, David Ellefson of Megadeth, Scott Ian of Anthrax, Alice Cooper, Peter Hook of Joy Division/New Order, Dee Snider, Nikki Sixx, Mick Jones of The Clash, Kat Von D, Henry Rollins, Lars Frederiksen of Rancid, Jim Heath of Reverend Horton Heat, Slim Jim Phantom of The Stray Cats, Mike Inez, Joan Jett, Dave Navarro of Jane's Addiction, Ice-T, pro skateboarder Geoff Rowley, pro wrestler Triple H, Fast Eddie Clarke, Jarvis Cocker, Marky Ramone, former Hawkwind bandmates Dave Brock, Nik Turner and Stacia, and Steve Vai And sometime collaborators, Captain Sensible and Dave Vanian from the Damned."] ["Glee: The 3D Concert Movie depicts a Glee Cast concert in East Rutherford, New Jersey during the group's Glee Live! In Concert! tour. It features behind-the-scenes footage, and a setlist of songs from the show's first and second seasons.{{cite web}} As well as the behind-the-scenes footage, the film portrays the series' influence on teenagers, including one who is gay named Trenton, one with Asperger syndrome named Josey, and a cheerleader with short stature named Janae.{{Citation needed}}"] ['Composing the film\'s main narrative thread are several long, uninterrupted shots of The Rolling Stones in a sound studio, recording and rerecording various parts to "Sympathy for the Devil." The dissolution of Stone Brian Jones is vividly portrayed, and the chaos of 1968 is made clear when a line referring to the killing of John F. Kennedy is heard changed to the plural after the assassination of Robert F. Kennedy in June. Interwoven through the movie are outdoor shots of Black Panthers milling about in a junkyard littered with the rusting cars heaped upon each other. They read from revolutionary texts  and toss their rifles to each other, from man to man, as if in an assembly line, or readying for an impending battle. A group of white women, apparently kidnapped and dressed in white, are brutalized and ultimately shot, off-camera; their bloody bodies are subsequently seen in various tableaus throughout the film. The rest of the film contains a powerful political message in the form of a voiceover about Marxism, the need for revolution and other topics in which Godard was interested. One scene involves a camera crew following a woman about, played by Anne Wiazemsky in a yellow peasant dress, in an outdoor wildlife setting, and no matter what she\'s asked, always answers "yes" or "no". As can be seen from the chapter heading to the scene, she is supposed to be a personification of democracy, a woman named Eve Democracy. At least one quarter of the film is devoted to indoor shots of a bookstore that sells such diverse items as Marvel\'s Doctor Strange, DC\'s The Atom, and The Flash comic books, Marxist pamphlets for propaganda, and various men\'s magazines. Alternating with the shots of comic books, pinup magazines, and Marxist pamphlets, consumers casually enter the bookstore, approach a bookshelf, pick up books or magazines, exchange them for a sheet of paper, and then slap the faces of two Maoist hostages sitting patiently next to a book display. Toward the end of the scene, a small child is admitted for the purpose of buying a pamphlet and slapping the faces of the hostages. After exchanging their purchases and receiving their document, each customer raises his/her right arm in a Nazi salute, and leaves the store. Mimicking the earlier scene of the camera crew following Eve Democracy is the last scene to the movie where the camera crew mills about on the beach and from afar one man asks another "what are they doing over there?" To which the other answers "I think they\'re shooting a movie". A large camera crane is positioned on the beach and another woman in white is laid down upon the end of the crane and elevated along with a motion picture camera on the platform until she is well above the beach. She doesn\'t rise up but remains motionless, half-hanging off the crane, one leg dangling.'] ['The focus of the film is Syd Barrett, the lead vocalist and guitarist of the early Pink Floyd, who created their unique psychedelic sound and most of the band\'s early songs, including the singles "Arnold Layne" and "See Emily Play" and much of their first album The Piper at the Gates of Dawn. Barrett\'s name passed into rock folklore when he was kicked out of Pink Floyd in 1968 and, after two extraordinary but erratic solo albums, disappeared from music altogether amid rumours of a drug-induced breakdown. The Pink Floyd and Syd Barrett Story has contributions from Humble Pie drummer Jerry Shirley (who played on Syd Barrett\'s two solo albums The Madcap Laughs and [[Barrett , bassist Jack Monck who played at Syd\'s last ever public concert in 1972 at the Cambridge Corn Exchange, producer Joe Boyd who produced "Arnold Layne", photographer Mick Rock who photographed Barrett for The Madcap Laughs cover, and artist Duggie Fields who shared an apartment in London\'s Earls Court with Barrett in 1968 and witnessed his changing mental state at close hand. According to his sister, Barrett watched the documentary when it was broadcast on the BBC. He apparently found it "too loud", although he did enjoy seeing Mike Leonard, who he referred to as his "teacher". He also enjoyed hearing "See Emily Play" again.{{cite news}}'] ['The Pakistani punkers The Kominas have arrived at the last stop of their first USA tour and are celebrating with tourmates. Also appearing are the author Michael Muhammad Knight , Koroush , Sena  and Marwan . They incite a riot of young hijabi girls at the largest Muslim gathering in North America after Sena takes the stage. The film then travels with The Kominas accompanied by Michael Muhammad Knight, their guru, to Pakistan, where they bring punk to the streets of Lahore and elsewhere in Pakistan. Michael also begins to reconcile his fundamentalist past with the rebel he has now become.'] ["Young@Heart, a chorus of twenty-two senior citizens with an average age of eighty, is directed by a frequently demanding Bob Cilman. In preparation for a concert in their hometown of Northampton, Massachusetts, they spend two months learning new material ranging from James Brown to the Pointer Sisters to The Clash and Sonic Youth, a task that's daunting for them and frequently frustrating for Cilman. At one point they take a break to visit a nearby low-security prison and entertain the inmates, who literally and figuratively embrace them after they perform. The group's determination to succeed increases with the passing of two of their members in rapid succession, and the concert proves to be a major success with the community."] ['The film begins showing the roots of punk music with many views on various artists and genres who accentuated the beginning of the genre, like the MC5 and the Velvet Underground. Punk: Attitude then proceeds chronologically to sort through the various artists and alumni who were central to the movement, drawing light on the general idea or "Attitude" of the punk movement, which spoke out for a generation. Bands such as The Ramones, The Stooges, The Clash and The Sex Pistols feature prominently throughout. The movie offers a canvas of praise and respect given from many interviewees as these bands are heralded commonly as the beginning of Punk progressively through the movie. Rare concert footage and personal accounts of gigs and band meetings highlight the aggression and destructive entities with surprising accuracy. The movie wraps up by emphasizing the influence that punk has on modern music.'] ["The film tells the story of Robert M. Knight, a rock photographer born and raised in Honolulu, who holds the distinction of being one of the first photographers to capture Jimi Hendrix and Led Zeppelin, and the last to photograph Stevie Ray Vaughan. Over the course of the film, Robert revisits the friends and idols of his past, such as Jeff Beck, Slash, Carlos Santana, and Steve Vai, while helping to kick-start the careers of the Australian band Sick Puppies.http://abclocal.go.com/wls/story?section6891802 Fiercely protective of his ever-expanding photo archive, the photographer struggles with his mother's costly around-the-clock care, and debates whether to sell the 200,000+ photos that mean so much to him.<ref name Wiser | first  | title  | pages  | publisher  | url 2008-07-02 }}"] ["In 2003, the Iraqi heavy-metal band Acrassicauda were the subject of a Vice magazine article. With the magazine's help, they were able to stage a sell-out show in 2005 despite the recent ousting of Saddam Hussein. Filmmakers from Vice returned to Iraq in 2006 to track down the band. Upon their return they discovered the multitude of death and destruction, including rehearsing studios destroyed by bombs. Candid interviews with the band members allows an insight into a sub section of society steeped in American pop culture and the hostilities this attracts.Heavy Metal in Baghdad TIFF"] ['This documentary film addresses the birth and evolution of hardcore punk rock from 1978 to 1986 . The documentary boasts extensive underground footage shot during the height of the hardcore movement. It features exclusive interviews with early hardcore punk music artists from bands such as Black Flag, Minor Threat, Bad Brains, and many more.'] ['Metallica is forced to examine their nature and their very existence as bassist Jason Newsted quits the band and frontman James Hetfield abruptly leaves the group to enter a rehabilitation facility due to alcohol abuse. Metallica\'s management Q-Prime hires "performance-enhancing coach" Phil Towle to help the group better understand one another as friends, bandmates and human beings. Towle is frequently yet erroneously referred to as a "therapist," since he voluntarily revoked his own license from the Kansas Behavioral Science\'s Regulatory Board in the early 1990s for "trying to improperly convince clients to continue treatment." A glimpse of this impropriety is captured on film, as the members of Metallica decide that Towle\'s services are no longer required; Towle attempts to convince them that they still need him, saying "We\'ve still got some trust issues that I think we need to sort out.".http://www.psychflix.com/articles.html Former Metallica guitarist Dave Mustaine also appears briefly in a scene in which, as part of Lars Ulrich\'s therapy, he confronts the guitarist regarding the decision to fire him early in the band\'s career for his excessive drinking. The two had not had any personal contact for many years and Mustaine speaks frankly about his resentment stemming from his dismissal without the opportunity to redeem himself with an alcoholism treatment program. Mustaine also speaks of how, despite achieving success with his own group, Megadeth, he still endures ridicule from Metallica fans, which has diminished the enjoyment of his own success. Of particular note is the perceived "power struggle" between Hetfield and drummer Ulrich – best friends for more than two decades who are finally beginning to understand one another. In one of the film\'s more memorable scenes, Ulrich confesses that he resents Hetfield\'s need to control everything, even when Hetfield is not present; a stipulation of Hetfield\'s rehab release required him to work only four hours per day from noon to 4 p.m. so he could spend time with his family. Hetfield subsequently objected to the rest of the band working on or even listening to recorded material when he was not present. The scene ends with Ulrich starting to curse under his breath, before finally getting nose-to-nose with his Hetfield and roaring "Fuck!" In a scene where Hetfield, Ulrich, Kirk Hammett, and several others are discussing titles for the album, Hetfield suggests to use the name of the song "St. Anger." Many of the other people in the scene agree that it is a good title; however Ulrich prefers "Frantic," which would become the first track on the album. Ulrich is eventually convinced that "Frantic," as an album title, would suggest a perceived lack of focus by the band. The film contains many excerpts from the studio of unreleased tracks Like "Shadow of the Cross", "Dead Kennedy rolls", "Riff" and "More than this ". The only unreleased song that can be heard fully is "Temptation". The movie also addresses the early 2001 departure of longtime member Newsted. He is interviewed, and footage of his own group, Echobrain, both in rehearsal and playing live, is shown. In one scene, an apparently impressed Ulrich states that "Echobrain is the future" after he and Hammett watch the band perform live. Footage is shown from public auditions the band held to find a replacement bass player. In a scene after Robert Trujillo\'s audition, guitarist Hammett notes that he uses his fingers to play, rather than a pick and mentions that it "hasn\'t been that way since Cliff Burton", Metallica\'s bassist before Jason Newsted. The band members later concur that Trujillo was the only bassist of those auditioning who didn\'t appear to be struggling with Metallica\'s material.'] ['The film follows the life of Bill Withers, from his roots in West Virginia to his career in the United States Navy, to his famed musical career and post retirement family life.'] ['The film involves hardcore street punks called "gutter punks" who take the anti-establishment message with extreme seriousness, and tune out society completely. Spheeris talks to homeless teenagers living on the street or squatting in abandoned buildings in Los Angeles, as well as an unstable mother, Los Angeles Police Department officer Gary Fredo, and a paralyzed youth living on a disability. Performances by four bands were filmed: Final Conflict, Litmus Green, Naked Aggression and The Resistance.'] ['Guitarist Steve Jones plays a detective who - through a series of set piece acts - uncovers the truth about the band. Drummer Paul Cook and bass guitarist Sid Vicious play smaller roles, and the band\'s manager, Malcolm McLaren, is featured as "The Embezzler", the man who manipulates the Sex Pistols. Fugitive train robber Ronnie Biggs, performer Edward Tudor-Pole and actress Irene Handl also make appearances. The movie tells a stylised fictional account of the formation, rise and subsequent breakup of the band, from the point of view of their then-manager Malcolm McLaren. In the film, McLaren claims to create the Sex Pistols and manipulate them to the top of the music business, using them as puppets to both further his own agenda , and to claim the financial rewards from the various record labels the band were signed to during their brief history - EMI, A&M, Virgin, and Warner Bros. Records.'] ["Featuring concert footage of legendary Los Angeles punk bands and interviews both with band members, the publishers of Slash fanzine, and with the punks who made up their audience, the film offers a look into a subculture that was largely ignored by the rock music press of the time. The promotional poster for The Decline  featured a close-up frame of Germs singer Darby Crash supine on stage with his eyes closed. Crash died from a heroin-induced suicide shortly before the film was released . Bands included are Black Flag, Germs, X, Alice Bag Band, Circle Jerks, Catholic Discipline, and Fear. The Germs' performance was replicated in the film What We Do Is Secret biopic, as well as a replication of the image on the soundtrack's front cover."] ['The film begins with a recap of Cobain\'s death and the media coverage which followed. Broomfield then interviews Cobain\'s aunt Mary who helped his love for music when he was a child. This interview is followed up with several from friends and schoolteachers who knew Cobain when he was growing up before moving onto Cobain\'s relationship with Courtney Love. After establishing the background the film moves on to detail the accusations that Cobain was murdered. Broomfield interviews Tom Grant, a private investigator who has alleged that Love may have conspired to kill her husband, and wants the case re-opened by the Seattle Police Department. Grant was hired by Love, but thinks it was just so people would believe that she was innocent. Hank Harrison, Courtney Love\'s father, is interviewed, and states he also believes that Cobain may have been killed in a conspiracy organized by Love. He has written two books about Cobain\'s death. The film also includes interviews with Portland drug culture celeb and former stripper, Amy Squier, about her explicit and personal knowledge of Kurt and Courtney\'s heroin use, and an interview with punk singer and media sideshow El Duce , who claimed that Love offered him $50,000 to kill Cobain. El Duce\'s band The Mentors was most famous as a paid spectacle on the staged talk show Hot Seat, where El Duce appeared alongside guitarist "Sickie Wifebeater" in the 80\'s, wearing a black hood and inciting the audience by claiming to endorse rape, drugs and illegitimate children.04/07/00: Wally George: "The Greatest Man Ever"YouTube - MENTORS on HOT SEAT part 1 In a similar vein, El Duce promoted his accusations regarding Love by appearing on The Jerry Springer Show and selling his story to The National Enquirer. El Duce claimed in the film that he knew who killed Cobain, but said he would "let the FBI catch him". Two days after that interview was filmed, El Duce was hit by a train and killed. The film also includes an interview with musician and friend of Cobain\'s Dylan Carlson, who had bought the shotgun that Cobain eventually used to kill himself with. Broomfield eventually moves away from the alleged conspiracy and the film turns into an investigation of Courtney Love\'s alleged suppression of free speech. Included in the film are phone calls from MTV saying that they were pulling out of financing the film , due to presumed pressure from Love. There is also an interview with journalist Victoria Clarke  about how Love and Cobain had threatened her while doing research for her book on Cobain and Nirvana. Broomfield includes clips in the film of the threats made by Cobain and Clarke details the story of Love assaulting her. The film concludes with Broomfield taking the stage at an ACLU meeting  in order to publicly question Love about her attempts to suppress free speech and the irony of her representing the ACLU. He is pulled from the stage by Danny Goldberg, Cobain\'s former manager.'] ['A vibrant chronicle of one of today’s most notorious and revered live bands, Gogol Bordello, and front man Eugene Hütz’s gypsy-punk Ukrainian immigrant. Filmmaker Margarita Jimeno tracks their raucous gigs from 2001 to 2007, from NYC to Italy, as the band rises from dingy basements to international main-stages, from underground legends to international rock stars, music is non-stop.'] ['Paper Chasers is a depiction of the far-flung Hip hop scene, featuring such well-known artists as James Brown, Chuck D., Flavor Flav, Master P., Chris Bridges, and Russell Simmons. The title of the film it is derived from hip-hop terminology for an individual who is pursuing a lucrative goal or career, where paper money would be the reward for great effort. Director Maxie Collier and his crew traveled the United States in pursuit of musical paper chasers - music, art and fashion entrepreneurs both famous and unknown - and were lucky enough to chart the rise of hip hop superstar Ludacris. The film, which contains original music by the London-based music producer Charlie Parker, had its world premiere at the 2003 Tribeca Film Festival, and was subsequently released on DVD in 2005 by Koch Home Video Entertainment One the and broadcast numerous times on the Independent Film Channel .Paper Chasers at IFC Between 1999 and 2008, Collier conducted more than 200 interviews with entrepreneurs, artists, and executives across the country. In 2012, he launched Paper Chasers TV to share these archive and prepare for the 10 year anniversary film Paper Chasers 2.'] ['The film deals loosely with life on the road as a rock musician.Miles, 2004, Frank Zappa, p. 207. The Mothers of Invention go crazy in the small town Centerville, and bassist Jeff quits the group, as did his real life counterpart, Jeff Simmons, who left the group before the film began shooting and was replaced by actor Martin Lickert for the film.<ref namehttp://movies.nytimes.com/movie/review?resMovie Review: 200 Motels |lastVincent|publisherNo self-proclaimed surrealistic documentary can be all bad when it has a score composed by Frank Zappa...|dateSep. 17, 2010}}{{cite book}}'] ['The documentary included concert and rehearsal footage as well as interviews with Allin, fellow bandmembers, friends, detractors and dedicated fans. Later in the film, Allin discusses the earliest years of his childhood in rural New Hampshire, and that his father tried to encourage his family to assist him in a mass suicide. The documentary continues through his rise as a punk musician. Footage of his controversial performances include a violent confrontation with audience members at a spoken word appearance at New York University, as well as scenes of Allin defecating during shows, mutilating himself and assaulting concertgoers at an East Village, New York City rock club. Quieter moments are also included, such as Allin offstage playing an acoustic version of Warren Zevon\'s "Carmelita". The documentary also contains footage of Allin cavorting at a party  and Allin\'s appearance on Geraldo Rivera\'s talk show. Footage of his funeral and corpse are also briefly included, following the film\'s credits.'] [' During the 2008-09 Taking Chances Tour, Dion played concerts in 5 continents, 25 countries and 93 cities. Her first tour in 9 years was wildly successful, selling over 3 million tickets.<ref namehttp://www.celinedion.com/celinedion/english/whatsgoinon_pr.cgi?idCeline Dion Entertains the World in The Hot Ticket\'s Presentation of \'Celine: Through the Eyes of the World\' |work2009-12-03}} A small team did 800 hours of filming from South Africa to Omaha. The photo director Jean-François Perrault captured many great images of Dion all around the world. Intercutting concert performances of Dion\'s biggest hits with behind the scenes footage, the documentary depicts singer\'s life during the Taking Chances Tour, giving fans "the unique opportunity to follow Celine everywhere, on stage, backstage, enjoying free time with her family; this movie will show it all".{{cite web}} Sony\'s president of worldwide distribution, Rory Bruer said of the film: "For fans, this is a chance to both hear an artist in a theater setting with great sound, as well as take a look inside their lives. It isn\'t like seeing the person live, but it does add that huge element of intimacy".'] 