["Adam, a San Francisco-based artist who works as a cab driver on the side, is having a hard time committing to his girlfriend, Nina. She wants to take their relationship to the next level, but he hasn't really gotten over his ex-girlfriend, Kate, who left him for another woman and is reluctant to move forward with Nina because he's still hanging on to the idea that one day Kate will come back to him. Feeling neglected, Nina breaks up with Adam and starts seeing Kevin, a womanizing bartender who is also Adam's best friend. Meanwhile Rebecca, the new girl in town, gets a job in Kevin's bar and begins an affair with Anne, the woman Kate left Adam for. Tired of her infidelities, Kate breaks up with Anne and returns to Adam. However she soon realises that she's not in love with him anymore and breaks up with him for good. Rebecca soon tires of Anne and breaks off their affair. One day she meets Adam, who is finally attempting to move on from Kate once and for all, and they go out on a date. Nina and Kevin's fling turns into something deeper when she finds out that she's pregnant, an event that strains Adam's friendship with Kevin and threatens to ruin his budding relationship with Rebecca before it has a chance to begin."] ['Jimmy ([[Hiroshi Watanabe  loves dinosaurs and sleeps on the top bunk. Unfortunately, Jimmy is 40 and shares that bunk with Bob , his 10-year-old nephew. Freshly divorced, Jimmy lives with his sister Aiko  and her family while boldly searching for a new wife. His brother in-law, Tak  thinks he’s a disaster. And although Jimmy may lack social grace, he is convinced the best years of his life are just beginning. His plan seems like it’s all falling into place when Tak’s beautiful niece Ramona  moves in. But once Jimmy sets his sights on stealing her from his best friend Tim , he sees his intentions go hilariously awry.'] ['Perry is an English chemist working for a paint company and is depressed after losing his wife in a freak accident. As he tries to invent the new color Siam Sunset, he wins a prize, takes leave, and travels to Australia. Grace , on the same tour bus, also has a troubled life. Together they hope to color the world with love rather than paint, but will the universe let them?Siam Sunset at Turner Classic Movies'] ['Randy Bodek  is a rebellious college slacker, living with his girlfriend Jenny . His father, furious over Randy\'s lack of direction or work ethic, forces Randy to come back home and get a job. Randy eventually finds work as a pizza delivery boy at Señor Pizza, but his pitiful earnings will not allow him to fund college on his own and he despairs of being able to return to Jenny next semester. In his capacity as delivery boy, he soon makes the acquaintance of a middle-aged, wealthy Italian woman, Alex Barnett , who pampers and seduces him. She and Randy enjoy a quiet, brief, passionate affair. During the affair, Randy\'s increasingly stylish appearance, unusually chipper demeanor and gifts being delivered by Randy\'s handsome Italian co-worker, Tony , inspire Randy\'s father to believe his son is gay. Eventually, Alex must return to Italy. Randy is disappointed; he has enjoyed his relationship with Alex, both for the lavish gifts of money and expensive clothing, and for the experience at pleasing women he can bring to his relationship with Jenny upon returning to college. Alex tells him on their last night together that the next time Señor Pizza receives a delivery order for pizza with extra anchovies, it will be her summoning him again. However, the next order for extra anchovies comes from an unhappily married Asian woman, Kyoko Bruckner. Further orders come from Dr. Joyce Palmer, director of a women\'s health practice, and isolated aspiring photographer Monica Delancy. Randy\'s relationships with these women lead him to better understand women\'s wants and needs. Through Kyoko and Monica\'s acquaintances, and the women Joyce recommends to Randy among her patients, Randy soon has a thriving escort business based around the "extra anchovy" order, which he manages to conceal from Señor Pizza\'s management. Eventually, the three women\'s husbands become suspicious. In an attempt to pin down who is sleeping with their wives, the three husbands go through their wives\' financial statements and credit card bills, leading them to Señor Pizza to confront the delivery boy who is apparently sleeping with all three of their wives. Meanwhile, Jenny has come to town to surprise Randy, and has learned from Jory , a rival of Randy\'s, that Randy is seeing other women without her knowledge. Randy is not there, having received an order for extra anchovies -- from his mother. He escapes the situation before she sees him, and passes the pizza off to Tony, with instructions that they are out of anchovies. Randy then learns from his other co-worker Henry about Jenny\'s visit and Jory having told her about the other women. Randy and Jory go out back of Señor Pizza to fight, but the husbands arrive, intent on assaulting Randy. They grab Randy and are about to rough him up when Harry  realizes that Randy is Joe Bodek\'s son; Joe had told Harry during a semi-drunken conversation that he believes Randy to be gay, and Harry dismisses him as a suspect on those grounds. The husbands then assault an unsuspecting Jory. Randy confesses to Jenny about the reasons he agreed to become a paid escort. Jenny is hurt and uncertain she wants to continue their relationship, but agrees to accompany him to his parents\' anniversary party. The husbands follow Jory to the party, where the party dissolves into melee, resulting in their arrest for assault. Jory is humiliated when he discovers that his own mother was one of Randy\'s customers. Joe forgives Randy and agrees to fund college again.'] ["Sir Philip Ashlow , his neglected wife, Lady Ashlow  and his best friend Henry Brittingham-Brett  are shipwrecked on a desert island. This potential ménage à trois where the two men compete for the lady's attention is interrupted by the unexpected arrival of a fourth inhabitant of the island."] ["Matko Destanov, a small-time Roma smuggler and profiteer, is living with his teenage son Zare in a ramshackle house by the Danube River in eastern Serbia near the Bulgarian border. He has plans to acquire a whole train of smuggled fuel, which he finds at cut-price. To obtain a loan that would subsidize the heist, he visits Grga Pitić, a wheelchair-using old gangster, who's an old friend of Zarije Destanov, Matko's father and Zare's grandfather. Matko then plots the details of the job with an ally named Dadan, a rich, fun-living, drug-snorting gangster who has a harem, juggles grenades, and cheats at gambling. However, Dadan double-crosses him and glitches up the deal by giving Matko a drink that is drugged, and carrying out the job while Matko is unconscious, which means that Matko owes Dadan a great deal of cash. Matko cannot afford to pay, so Dadan makes a deal whereby he would forgive the debt, thereby wiping the slate clean, if Zare and Afrodita, Dadan's midget sister whom he desperately wants to marry off, get married. However, Zare is in love with Ida, a barmaid who works in an establishment run by her Roma grandmother Sujka, and Afrodita is waiting for the man of her dreams. Dadan coerces Afrodita into marrying by dunking her in a well, while Zare first learns of the scheme to marry him off from Ida, who has overheard Dadan and Matko plotting it in the restaurant where she works. Meanwhile, Zare retrieves Zarije from the hospital where he is being kept, with the aid of a gypsy band. Grga Pitić is having problems of his own, as he wants his grandsons, including six-foot plus giant Grga Veliki, to get married. The two reluctantly endure the wedding ceremony held at Matko's house, which Dadan refuses to postpone after the sudden apparent death of Zarije. They were not supposed to have a wedding while in mourning, but Dadan decides to delay the death announcement, so Matko and Zare hide Zarije's body in the attic, packed in ice. Zare is dismayed, since he wants to leave the place, and had hoped that the required mourning period for his beloved grandfather would give him the opportunity to get away, and thus avoid being married off against his will. Ida and Sujka provide the catering for the wedding, and Ida is upset at seeing her beloved married off to someone else. By contrast, Dadan is really enjoying himself, whether dancing to gypsy band music, bouncing on the bed with his harem, and juggling grenades. However, the bride runs away mid-ceremony, pursued by Dadan, Matko and Dadan's criminal cronies. Meanwhile, Grga Veliki is driving his father and brother to Matko's house so that they may visit Zarije's grave . The fleeing bride then stumbles across Grga Veliki, and he stops the truck when he sees her crossing the road; he is willing to protect her from her villainous brother, and the couple fall instantly in love. Grga Pitić arrives on the scene, after his wheelchair had fallen out the back of the truck and rolled downhill, and he is delighted that Grga Veliki has found his mate. The old gangster forces Dadan, who had once worked for him, to accept the match. The groom meanwhile conspires with Sujka and Ida to bring Dadan down a peg, and rigs the outhouse so that the seat will come apart. While the preparations for the wedding ceremony of Afrodita and Grga Veliki are being conducted, Matko and Dadan pass the time by playing dice, with Dadan cheating. Sujka comes in during the game, and serves the unsuspecting Dadan a drink spiked with something that would give him diarrhea. Furthermore, Grga Pitić apparently dies, and Dadan and Matko hide his body in the attic, where Zarije's body is also hidden. However, the two corpses soon both come back to life; they were not dead after all. They are surprised to find themselves together, as they had not seen each other for 25 years and each had thought the other was dead. During the ceremony, Dadan starts to feel uncomfortable and rushes into the outhouse ... and falls into the manure. His harem and cronies desert him, and as he tries to clean himself off on a goose, only Matko remains loyal, and he provides Dadan with a shower from the garden hose. Zare meanwhile grabs the wedding official at gunpoint and orders him to solemnize his marriage with his sweetheart, Ida, and the two sail off together on a riverboat set for Bulgaria with a fistful of cash stashed in his grandfather's accordion, the blessing of their respective grandparents and, as witnesses, a black cat and a white cat."] [' In the summer of 1959, local boy Danny Zuko and vacationing Sandy Olsson meet at the beach and fall in love. When the summer comes to an end, Sandy—who is going back to Australia—frets that they may never meet again, but Danny tells her that their love is "only the beginning". The film moves to the start of the seniors\' term at Rydell High School. Danny, a greaser, is a member of the T-Birds, consisting of his best friend Kenickie, Doody, Putzie and Sonny. The Pink Ladies also arrive, consisting of Betty Rizzo, Janet and Marty. After her parents decided not to return to Australia, Sandy enrolls at Rydell and befriends Frenchy , who considers dropping out of school to become a beautician. Oblivious to each other\'s presence at school, Danny and Sandy tell their respective groups the accounts of events during the pair\'s brief romance. Upon learning Danny is Sandy\'s lover, Rizzo arranges for the two to reunite, but Danny is forced to maintain his bad-boy attitude in front of his friends, upsetting Sandy. Frenchy invites the girls to a sleepover, but Sandy falls ill from trying a cigarette and drinking. The T-Birds almost crash the party, but a guilty Danny leaves, followed by Rizzo, who departs to make out with Kenickie, who is actually her boyfriend. The two are disturbed by Leo, leader of the T-Birds\' rival gang, the Scorpions, and his girlfriend Cha-Cha, leading to a planned race between Kenickie and Leo. Wishing to win his way back into Sandy\'s affection, Danny turns to Coach Calhoun to get into sports, eventually becoming a runner. He reunites with Sandy and they attempt to go on a date, but their friends crash it, resulting in Kenickie and Rizzo breaking after a fight. Left alone, Frenchy is visited by a guardian angel who advises her to return to school. The school dance arrives, broadcast live on television and hosted by DJ Vince Fontaine, who flirts with Marty. Rizzo and Kenickie attempt to spite one another by bringing Leo and Cha-Cha as their dates, whilst Danny and Sandy come together. During a dance, Danny and Cha-Cha  perform together and win a dance-off. Danny tries to make it up to Sandy by taking her to a drive-in theater but ends up making several passes on her, causing Sandy to flee. Meanwhile, Rizzo fears she is pregnant after missing a period and confides to Marty, but Sonny overhears and spreads the rumour which eventually reaches Kenickie who is the potential father. The race arrives, but Kenickie is knocked out by his own car door so Danny takes up the challenge. He and Leo race until Leo crashes and leaves humiliated, with Danny as the victor. Sandy watches from afar, concluding she still loves Danny and decides to change her attitude and look to impress him. On the last day of school, whilst Principal McGee and her assistant Blanche sob about the departing class, the class celebrates their graduation at the fair on the school grounds. Rizzo discovers she is not pregnant after all and reunites with Kenickie. Danny has become a jock, but is shocked when Sandy appears dressed in leather and is seen smoking. In song, the two admit they love each other and reunite. The film ends with Danny and Sandy departing in Danny\'s car together, which then takes flight, and the pair waves goodbye to their friends as they live happily ever after.'] ['Charlie Tuttle  is a partner in a successful law firm, Whitfield and Morris. His boss &mdash; and future father-in-law &mdash; sends him to Paradise Bluff, Nevada, to request a continuance in a mail-fraud case involving a distant relative who is believed to be guilty, and is very likely to be adjudged guilty. But the timing of the trip conflicts with Charlie\'s bachelor party. After Charlie drives from California to Paradise Bluff, he is unexpectedly greeted by his best man, actor Richard Rjetti,  who is determined to show his friend a great time prior to his wedding. During the celebration, Charlie is knocked out in a barfight, and is later prescribed painkillers for the resulting pain. The next day &mdash; the day of the court appearance &mdash; Richard checks on his friend and finds Charlie has taken all of the pills in the bottle. Charlie winds up in no shape to appear in court that day, as legal counsel for con-artist Benny Gibbs , so Richard impersonates Charlie. When the case unexpectedly goes to trial, Richard and Charlie must continue the charade, or they both will go to prison for perpetrating and conspiring to perpetrate a fraud upon the court. Charlie coaches Richard as to the use of the rules of evidence, masquerading as Richard\'s "assistant", surreptitiously using flash cards to tell Richard which basis for objection to use. Charlie eventually loses it and screams at the judge,  trying to overrule Charlie, when Richard disobeys Charlie and takes the "defense" in a broader direction, and Charlie is banned from reentering the courthouse. Later, Richard and Charlie devise a communication system involving a baby monitor and morse-code sounding of Charlie\'s vehicle\'s horn, heard through an open window, to instruct Richard as to which type of objection to use. Meanwhile, Charlie meets and falls in love with an attractive waitress  who causes Charlie to rethink his impending wedding to his shrill, self-absorbed fiancée . Richard becomes involved with the prosecutor,  against whom he ultimately finds due process for "his" client.'] ["Summer Pozzi , a Chicago-based flight attendant for an unnamed airline, is mentally preparing to quit her job and marry Jim, her soon-to-be airline pilot boyfriend. During a layover, she gets a phone call asking her to transfer to San Francisco. Then, Jim tells her he refused to take a final exam to be a pilot, unable to have the lives of many passengers on his shoulders. Shaken and disappointed, Summer decides to go ahead with the transfer, and promises herself not to fall for another man too quickly. Once in San Francisco, she moves into a small apartment with three other flight attendants, one of them who was supposed to be moving out. There's Portia , a posh but insecure British girl undergoing an eternal makeover, Kate , who is very bitchy ever since Summer reprimanded her on a previous flight and Lucas , with whom Summer immediately has a one-night stand. During a layover, she later meets Julian , the captain of her dreams. She is immediately in love. He is based in Hong Kong, and meeting him every week in New York poses a challenge, which will come to an end very suddenly, as she realizes her actions cost one of her friends' job and maybe even someone else's life, and as she sees Julian as anything but the perfect man he once appeared to be."] ["Weather presenter Jin-su is involved in a car accident, and though physically unhurt, he is left with a case of selective amnesia. Haunted by the memory of a woman he can't quite recall, he sets out to find her identity by revisiting some of his old college friends. The person giving him the most help is Jeong-hee, but as she helps him piece together his broken memories they start to develop feelings for one another, and Jin-su realizes that perhaps his forgotten past isn't worth chasing after all."] ['When freeloader Phil is tossed out by the love of his life, Jen, he stays with two old friends who come upon a magic shirt that guarantees them sex with all the women they can handle. The three losers have their lives upended as Phil’s friends pursue a daily diet of Maxim models and close encounters with Hollywood’s hottest-but{{what}} Phil schemes to use the shirt to win back Jen. And when an insane marine steals the shirt and threatens to use it on Jen, Phil’s battle for her affections takes on dangerously high stakes. Chick Magnet makes it clear that the laws of attraction were made to be broken.'] [' Dr. Barnaby Fulton , a research chemist working on a fountain of youth pill for a chemical company, is trying to develop an elixir of youth, urged on by his commercially-minded boss Oliver Oxley . One of Dr. Fulton\'s chimpanzees, Esther, gets loose in the laboratory and pours some chemicals into the water cooler &mdash; chemicals that just happen to have the rejuvenating effect for which Fulton is searching. Unaware of the monkey\'s antics, Fulton tests his latest experimental concoction on himself, and washes it down with water from the cooler. Naturally, he soon begins to act just like a 20-year-old, and spends the day out on the town with his boss\'s secretary Lois Laurel . When Fulton\'s wife Edwina  learns that the elixir "works," she drinks some, again washing it down with water, and turns into a prank-pulling schoolgirl. Things get out of hand when her newly quick temper induces Edwina to make an impetuous phone call to her old flame Hank Entwhistle , who, knowing nothing of the elixir, believes that Edwina is truly unhappy in her marriage and wants a divorce. Meanwhile, more and more people at the laboratory are drinking the water and reverting to a second childhood, with predictably hilarious results. In the end, of course, everything works out, with help from the elixir itself.'] ['{{Expand section}} Rosie , a scriptwriter for a TV show, falls for a younger man, Adam , while her daughter Izzie  falls in love for the first time herself. Meanwhile, the narrator, Mother Nature , discusses their fates with Rosie.'] ["Lovelorn Kim Hyeon-gon , who has fallen for coffee shop worker Seon-ah , learns about Cyrano Agency, a small organization set up by theatre actor Lee Byeong-hoon  that claims 100% success in making people fall in love. Kim signs on, and the Cyrano team — Byeong-hoon's onetime drama student Min-yeong , plus older Cheol-bin  and younger Jae-pil  — set to work, constructing elaborate scenarios in which Seon-ah is the unwitting target and feeding lines to Hyeon-gon through an earpiece. The operation is a success, but Cyrano Agency needs more clients as its finances are perilous. Their next client is fund manager Lee Sang-yong ([[Daniel Choi , who has fallen for Kim Hee-joong , a young woman he met at church. Byeong-hoon is not keen on taking the case, as it turns out that Hee-joong is an ex-girlfriend of his. Unwillingly he agrees, and things initially go smoothly between Sang-yong and Hee-joong; but then Byeong-hoon's personal feelings start to get in the way of business.<ref nameElley|firstCyrano Agency|urlFilm Business Asia|dateCyrano Agency|url2141|publisher2012-06-14}}"] ['In this musical comedy, a Cockney flower girl is in love with a policeman whom she wants to marry. Unfortunately, her father opposes the union because he is involved in a little crooked investing. Fortunately, the young woman wins a lottery and is able to find wealth and marital bliss.http://www.allmovie.com/work/squibs-111526'] [" Sarah Michelle Gellar stars as Brett Eisenberg, an ambitious yet unconfident young New York assistant book editor living in the literary hotbed of Manhattan's Upper East Side. Struggling to become a full-fledged editor, a task made harder after her mentor and boss is fired and replaced by Faye Falkner , Brett meets the notorious and much older publishing playboy Archie Knox . After spending time with him she realises how unhappy she is with her immature boyfriend Jed  and breaks off their relationship in order to pursue one with Archie. Archie is revealed to have several issues such as being an alcoholic, although he is almost three years sober; suffering from diabetes; and having an estranged daughter. The age-gap between Brett and him is made clear through their different lifestyles, such as his lack of understanding how to use a Blackberry and Brett taking him to a candy shop. Although this does not affect their relationship in the beginning - Brett appreciates the advice and confidence he gives her to stand up to her boss - she soon begins to resent his patronizing attitude. He eventually begins drinking again and sleeps with another woman in order to break off their relationship. At the same time, Brett is shown to be incredibly close to her father; she is seen constantly explaining her situation and asking for his advice. While visiting her family home she is shocked to discover that he has cancer and that she was the last to know behind her brother Ethan , because her father felt she could not handle the news. Feeling depressed and unwell, Brett makes an awful impression on a celebrity client until Archie appears and rescues the situation. They decide to give their relationship another try and Brett introduces him to her family, who are uneasy with the age difference; her father especially after learning that Archie is an alcoholic when he is admitted to hospital. Brett's father tells her that she shouldn't have to spend her life taking care of Archie. Later, it is revealed that her father has died and Brett realizes she must finally deal with her problems without his support. Following this, Archie proposes using the Blackberry Brett bought him but she turns him down, telling him that they see each other as teacher and student and not as equals. She says she needs time to be happy and grow up on her own. The end of the film finds Brett finally confident in herself as she finally wears a pair of leather pants she was previously too scared to wear, and editing her work in a decisive way by using a pen instead of a pencil, as is seen throughout the film."] ['Wealthy French playboy Toto Duryea ([[Frank Fay  is irresistible to women, but is in love with none of them. According to Monsieur Rancour , for Toto, "every woman is like a new dish to be tasted." When he is finally and instantly smitten with American Diane Churchill , he has great difficulty proving to her and her father  that he truly loves her. Finally, he convinces her that he is sincere; Mr. Churchill insists that Toto give up his women and carousing and stay away from his daughter for six months to prove he has reformed. He also asks that Toto get examined by Churchill\'s doctor. Dr. Dumont  has bad news for Toto: his heart is so weak, even the excitement caused by so much as a woman\'s kiss would be fatal. Toto takes to his bed, but three of his girlfriends insist on nursing him: Fifi , Florine  and Dagmar . When they all converge on his bedroom and discover each other, they engage in a three-way catfight. Then an outraged husband  shows up to shoot him. Fortunately, Dr. Dumont arrives and divulges Toto\'s condition. The husband and the three women all leave. Then Diane shows up. Before she leaves with her father for America, she insists on spending an hour of passion with him. Unable to resist, he kisses her. When he remains alive, he upbraids the newly arrived Dr. Dumont for his faulty prognosis. Mr. Churchill explains that he had Dumont fake his diagnosis; it was all a test of Toto\'s claim that he loved Diane "more than life itself". Convinced, he gives Toto permission to marry Diane.'] ["The story begins with Samantha  breaking up with Allegra , a lesbian author who has had relationship problems in the past. Allegra meets a man named Philip  at a party, with whom she feels a connection. The next day, she meets Grace , Philip's ex-girlfriend, although Allegra does not know about it. Allegra and Philip begin seeing each other, and Philip leaves Grace for good. Allegra sees Grace outside of a movie theater and Grace cries about her boyfriend leaving her. Allegra goes on a date with Philip, but she leaves after thoughts in her mind tell her it's wrong to be with a guy. Allegra goes back and forth on dates with Philip and Grace. After several more dates, Grace shows Allegra a picture of her ex-boyfriend, and she learns that Philip and Grace were together. Philip and Grace go out for dinner, where they reveal to each other that they're seeing someone else. Meanwhile, Allegra caters at a party, which turns out to be Samantha's engagement party. Philip and Grace show up at the party, and they both discover that they have been seeing the same woman. In the end, Allegra is back with Samantha and never sees Philip and Grace again."] ['Leslie Wright  is a straight-shooting physical therapist and die-hard basketball fan who is tired of being a guy\'s best friend. She and her god-sister, Morgan, are living together; Morgan dreams of becoming an NBA trophy wife. After a Nets basketball game Leslie helps star player, Scott McKnight ([[Common_, at a gas station. He offers to open her door for her , but the task proves difficult as the door to her old car is stiff and hard to open. She has a dent in the side of her door that she refuses to get fixed because her grandfather gave her the car and he had a dimple in his left cheek just like the car. He invites her to his birthday party, where she shows up with Morgan. He meets Morgan and suddenly takes an interest in her. After a quick relationship, Scott proposes to her. At the 2009 NBA All-Star Game, Scott becomes injured. The injury could possibly ruin his career. Morgan suggests that he enlist the help of Leslie because she did not approve of his previous good looking physical therapist, Bella Goldsmith. As a result, Leslie moves into their home. Rumors circle that Scott\'s career will end quickly if he does not recover by the playoffs, which causes Morgan to leave Scott through a letter. Scott becomes extremely discouraged, not wanting to continue recovery. Leslie encourages him, helping him get back in the game, and the two of them grow closer while she nurses him back to health. Scott is able to return to the NBA right before the playoffs. Initially, he is apprehensive and plays poorly until Leslie encourages him. He then makes the winning shot. Scott thanks Leslie profusely and offers to take her out to a nice dinner. After the dinner, Scott surprises Leslie with a completely remodeled car . Leslie thanks Scott with a quick kiss which he returns with a passionate kiss. Leslie and Scott sleep together, but Leslie wakes up to Morgan at Scott\'s door hoping to reconcile. Leslie quickly moves out as Scott and Morgan reunite. During a dinner engagement, Scott realizes that Morgan has a shallow personality; he noticed that Morgan recognized many types of expensive champagne, while Leslie did not mind eating from a food truck. At a televised interview, Scott informs the host that Leslie was more than a physical therapist and she managed to make the worst three months of his life, "the best three months of my life." Scott and Morgan then realize that Scott is in love with Leslie. Morgan understands and informs Scott that Leslie is meeting with the Philadelphia 76ers - because Leslie helped Scott recover in such a short amount of time, many teams offered her the position as an athletic trainer. Leslie seriously considered Philadelphia because she could not work for the Nets and with Scott. Scott finds her in Philadelphia and expresses his love for her. When they are shown a year later, Leslie is working as the Nets athletic trainer and they are married.<ref nameJust Wright |urlIMDb|publisher2 June 2012|author1990-2012}}'] ["Ned Kynaston  is one of the leading actors of his day, famed for his portrayal of female characters, particularly Desdemona in Othello. His loyal dresser, Maria , longs to perform on stage but is forbidden to do so by a law enacted by the Puritans prior to the return of the House of Stuart to the throne. She fulfills her desire by appearing in plays presented in a local tavern under the name Margaret Hughes. Word of her performances spread and the novelty of a woman on stage draws the attention of Sir Charles Sedley , who offers to be her patron, and eventually the attention of King Charles II  himself. Kynaston's rant against allowing women on stage is overheard by Nell Gwynn , an aspiring actress and Charles II's mistress, and she literally seduces Charles into banning men from playing female roles. As a result, Kynaston loses his lover, George Villiers , the Duke of Buckingham, and the acceptance of London society. Unable to shake the feminine characteristics he has perfected over the years, he is reduced to performing bawdy songs in drag in music halls, while Maria's career thrives, though her abilities leave much to be desired, as she bases everything she does on Kynaston's performances. When Maria is called upon to portray Desdemona for the king, she panics and implores Kynaston to coach her. Not only does he agree, but he insists on replacing company head Thomas Betterton in the role of the titular protagonist. In doing so, he discovers his ability to portray a male character, while Maria evolves from an actress of middling talent to an acclaimed theatrical star."] ["Paramvir Singh  is a Non-resident Indian  living happily with his Canadian wife Mary  along with his two kids Karam and Veer and his mother  in Vancouver British Columbia Canada. Dharam Singh , is Paramvir's long lost dad who had left them by taking Gajodhar Singh , Paramvir's younger brother with him to lead a criminal lifestyle. Once when an Indian woman and her husband, who's Canadian, comes to visit them, sees a picture of Dharam in their house. When Paramvir finds out that his father and brother are in Banaras, his mother sends him straight off to bring them back. When Paramvir reaches Banaras, he meets his brother and finds that he is a con man just like his father. Paramvir tracks Gajodhar in a bar where he also meets his dad, Dharam, who refuses to acknowledge him as his son. After this Gajodhar comes there, and a jeweller  shows up as well to take revenge on Gajodhar and Dharam for conning him. Paramvir backs them up, while Gajodhar goes on a date with Saheba , a Punjabi author. But when Saheba's brothers find out about her relationship with Gajodhar, they go violent and take Saheba with them back to Punjab. When Dharam sees that Gajodher is hopeless, he asks Paramvir to help, and acknowledges that he is his father but he shouldn't tell Gajodhar about that, after which Paramvir and Gajodher move to Punjab to get back his love. Saheba's elder brother Joginder Singh  and her other brothers want to marry her to an NRI. When they come to know that an NRI is coming they call him to their house. Actually these two NRI's are Paramvir and Gajodhar,who uses an alias as Karamvir. Joginder, after meeting both of them, decide that they would marry their sister to Paramvir, not to Gajodhar. After this Paramvir tries many ideas to get rejected by them, so that Saheba should get married to Gajodhar. Gajodhar tries to run with Saheba, many times, but always gets into a serious problem and all the plans get failed. Then Dharam shows up at the last moment with Parmavir's wife who mistakes him thinking he is re-marrying. One day Gajodhar learns Paramvir's kids are his nephews and Paramvir is his brother. Then they all plan to run away but Saheba's brothers find out that they ran. They reach an old storage place. Joginder's rival, Minty also reaches there. After Paramvir and Gajodhar save Saheba's familys life, they allow him to marry Saheba and they all go back to Canada with Paramvir and to his mother.At the end the entire family is reunited."] ['Max is a young lesbian student in Chicago who has gone ten months without having sex. She and her roommate and college professor Kia are in a coffee shop when they run into Ely, a hippieish woman with long braided hair, whom Max initially dismisses. Max and Ely do end up going to a movie together. After the movie they return to Ely\'s place and, after some flirtatious conversation, they kiss. Suddenly a call comes in from Ely\'s  partner Kate, with whom Ely has been in a long-distance relationship for more than two years, which puts a bit of a damper on things. Ely decides to cut off all her hair, ending up with a very short butch style. She runs into Max in a bookstore and Max almost does not recognize her. Kia\'s girlfriend Evy returns home. Her ex-boyfriend Junior is there. Evy\'s mother confronts her, saying that Junior told her that he had spotted Evy at a gay bar. Evy\'s mother kicks her out and Evy flees to Kia\'s place and Max invites her to live with them. Ely and her roommate Daria throw a dinner party and, after a spirited game of I Never, Max and Ely reconnect. They make plans to go out again and then begin kissing. They have several phone conversations, in the course of which Ely reveals that she\'s "sort of broken up" with Kate. They get together for a second date but they never make it out of the apartment. Max ends up trimming Ely\'s fingernails. This turns into foreplay and they have sex. Intercut with the closing credits are shots and short scenes of Max and Ely\'s burgeoning relationship.'] ["After spending time in New York, Billy Hayes returns to his hometown. He wants to get back together with his ex-girlfriend and take her back to America in hopes of opening up a gas station. But everything isn't going Billy's way - the townspeople aren't happy to see him, and his ex-girlfriend is engaged and pregnant. Then, Billy runs into his old friends who are planning a scam."] ["Robin Shea is a mischief-causing temptress, a rock-star wannabe who will do anything to escape the confines of a New Mexico prison. She meets a young man named Billy Moran who is doing some manual labor at the prison. After a brief tryst within minutes of having met, she persuades Billy to marry her. Billy's responsible, serious demeanor is a sharp contrast to Robin's wild-child nature. She doesn't want a relationship. She is only interested in furthering a musical career any way she can. A politician, James Tiernan, had previously picked up Robin during a jailbreak and drove her back to the prison. He risks his chances of being elected governor on his ability to use Robin as a poster child for successful prison reform. In the meantime, Robin tries to teach Billy how to properly relate to women as he tries to teach her how to be a wife and mother. In effect, they learn from each other how to become better human beings."] ["The main character, Golan, is a 20 something year old student nearing the end of his college studies, and is having a hard time deciding about his future. He sees no point in getting a job, finding a wife or stopping the endless round of parties. After a blind date with his best friend's quirky sister, he begins to question his life. Golan then begins a personal journey that has him challenge everything he has ever believed, about himself, about love and about the nature of life in contemporary Israel."] ["Johnny Rizzo  is about to trade his dream job in talk radio for a boring corporate job that will pay enough to please his fiancée. Enter Uncle Terry , a rascally womanizer set on turning a weekend in the Hamptons into an eye-opening fling for his nephew. Johnny's not interested, of course, but then he meets Brooke , who challenges Johnny to make the toughest decision of his life."] ['Bittoo Sharma  is street-smart and fun-loving. The movie opens with Bittoo collecting money from others to gatecrash a wedding for tasty food. Intelligent and quirky, Shruti Kakkar , who assists the wedding coordinator, suspects that he is from neither the groom nor bride\'s side. However, Bittoo is successful in convincing her that he has a right to be there. After watching her dance at the wedding, Bittoo makes a video of her during the dance routine. After finding out her name and college, he tries to give her the DVD to impress her. She accepts it and tells him her dream of opening a wedding-planning company. When Bittoo\'s father comes to take him back to his village, Bittoo refuses and lies that he and Shruti are going into business together. He goes to Shruti with this idea and she initially refuses, but after seeing his persistence, finally agrees. They name the company "Shaadi Mubarak", and with the work equally split between the two, their enterprise becomes a success. Their first project is low-budget but very successful. The flamboyant duo then go on to plan many more small weddings. Later, they migrate to posh colonies of Delhi and get their first big client. After working night and day, their project becomes highly successful. At the night of the event, they dance to celebrate, and Shruti gets drunk. She falls for Bitto, and the two make love that night. The following morning, Bittoo realizes the mistake he has made, as he is not in love with Shruti, but does not want to hurt her feelings. While he acts strangely toward her, Shruti is extremely nice to him, which is unlike her, as she is usually sarcastic and snappy towards him. In an argument, Bittoo throws her own words back at her, that business and pleasure don\'t mix, and he does not love her. This creates a tense atmosphere between the two, and Bittoo leaves to create his own wedding-planning enterprise. Both of them attempt to prove themselves in the industry and provoke people to go against the other. However, both enterprises end up suffering huge losses. They finally get a contract in which they are asked to work together as a team. Both of them unwillingly take it up for the sake of recovering their own losses. After they start working for the wedding, Bittoo finds out that Shruti is engaged to a businessman in Dubai. Bittoo pesters Shruti, asking her whether her engagement was an attempt to make him jealous. Shruti answers that she is not doing it for revenge, but for her own security and her parents\' satisfaction to see her well-settled in life. She acknowledges that she did fall in love with Bittoo, but since he didn\'t feel the same, she had moved on. At the sudden thought of losing her forever, Bittoo realizes that he was always been in love with Shruti, but simply didn\'t know it. Finally, Bittoo and Shruti both acknowledge their love for each other with a passionate kiss. The film ends with both of them dancing at their own wedding, with their friends and family surrounding them.'] ["Futile Attraction is about the filming of a reality dating show in which the main characters are so incompatible that the film crew have to manipulate and lie to them in order to keep them together. Randal  is a telemarketer with a passion for telephones who has never quite broken away from his controlling mother; Germaine  is an activist who agrees to be filmed in order to publicise the threat a new dam poses to her favourite stream. During the filming, presenter Dudley , who is willing to do anything to get himself looking good on camera, clashes with Anne , who prefers to ignore their boss's ever-changing scripting instructions in preference to a more objective look at the reality of the relationship."] ['Set in Delhi in 1962, Lala Jagannath  and Seth Karam Chand , two wealthy businessmen, are bidding for the front plot in a government auction. One is westernized and wears black-rimmed spectacles, the other, traditional turban and linen. Adamant on getting the front plot of land, Lala Jagannath raises the price higher and higher. Seth Karam Chand irks him even further by raising the price by a paltry 1000 rupees, made worse by the fact that Seth Karam Chand raises his finger, leaving the auctioneer  and the crowd to interpret the meaning. Lala Jagannath winds up with the front plot, but at the last moment, Seth Karam Chand comes in and quotes an insane price for the back plot, leaving the rest to think something has gone wrong with him. Back home, Seth Karam Chand informs his wife about his decision, and the two banter, with him talking about "style". His daughter, Sulekha , has different sentiments, though. Not exactly bothered about pride and ego, she says that their house will be hidden by Lala Jagannath\'s one. Not willing to let such a thing happen, Seth Karam Chand hires an architect, Rakesh .{{Citation}} Slowly, but surely, Rakesh and Sulekha start to fall in love. But there\'s a catch that no one but Rakesh and Madan know - Rakesh is actually Lala Jagannath\'s son! Even then, he conceals the truth from everyone, leading to some hilarious side-splitting scenes where Rakesh tries to keep his parents away from Sulekha\'s, and his antics include pretending to having had an attack and making both sides believe he\'s scolding the other, with a little help from his sidekick. Meanwhile, Ranjit and Rakesh\'s colleague, Jenny  fall in love as well. Ranjit leaves for Kashmir, and Rakesh starts to make the plans for the houses. To add to his woes, his father insists that he design the house, and Seth Karam Chand has already hired him. Still not willing to allow the truth to be revealed, he tries to keep the designs away from each side, but to no avail. His father sees a design, insists on it, while Seth Karam Chand has already decided on that one. Fed up with all the enemity, Rakesh eventually decides to make both houses the same. His love affair with Sulekha continues, and they sing wonderful duets like "Tere Ghar Ke Samne" and "Dekho Rootha Na Karo". When Sulekha goes off to Shimla, Rakesh follows behind her, singing "Tu Kahan Yeh Bata". Finally deciding that enough is enough, Rakesh decides to reveal the truth to Sulekha. She gets very angry with him, but thankfully, their parents don\'t come to know about it. He refuses to work for them, and when she demands to know why, he drops a bombshell and tells her that he is indeed Lala Jagannath\'s son. Feeling betrayed, she starts to avoid him at Ronny\'s birthday party. Undaunted, Rakesh sings a song, and she is easily wooed back. However, Lala Jagannath and Seth Karamchand both find out, and marriage, in their eyes, is impossible. Their enemity is a barrier between their children\'s love, and however hard Rakesh and Sulekha try, the barrier is impenetrable. Even then, Rakesh finally manages to convince them, and they relent, embracing each other. Taking that as a yes, Rakesh and Sulekha hug each other too, overjoyed. They get married at the inauguration of the two houses that Rakesh had built.'] ["High school senior Walter Gibson  and his best friend Lance  are celebrating the fact they are moving on to college, but all Gibson can do is lament the fact that he has lost his touch with women. Lance heads to UCLA while Gibson moves on to college in New England. The two keep in touch by writing letters, but Gibson’s luck has not changed. His attempt to get close to Alison Bradbury  from his English class by tricking her into tutoring him only results in his angering and alienating her. Eventually he receives a phone call from Lance telling him to come to California for Christmas break because he has set him up with the beautiful girl , assuring him she is a Sure Thing. Gibson finds a ride from a ride share board to make the trip. He immediately knows it is going to be a long trip when he meets Gary Cooper  and Mary Ann Webster , the couple providing the ride, as they are overly extroverted and upbeat. Things go from bad to worse when he realizes he will be sitting next to Alison as she heads to UCLA to visit her boyfriend Jason . The tension and constant bickering between Gibson and Alison quickly become too much for Cooper, and he abandons them on the side of the road in the middle of nowhere. As they hitch to California, they overcome issues with transportation, weather, lack of food, lack of money, and sleeping arrangements, while at the same time developing genuine feelings for one another. Upon arriving in California, Alison discovers the real reason Gibson is making the trip is to meet his Sure Thing and angrily runs off. That night at a college mixer Lance has arranged for Gibson to meet his Sure Thing. Meanwhile, Alison is spending a boring night with Jason when she drags him to the same mixer for some fun. Alison and Gibson see each other at the party, but jealousy leads to a confrontation between the two. Gibson takes the Sure Thing to Lance's room, but cannot stop thinking about Alison. Back on campus after the break, Alison and Gibson are obviously uncomfortable around each other. In their English class, Professor Taub  reads an essay composed by Gibson as a writing assignment, which is a description of his night with the Sure Thing. The girl in the essay asks the protagonist if he loves her, but for the first time he realizes that those are not just words and he cannot sleep with her. Alison realizes what actually happened that night, and they kiss."] ['Jim Hardy , Ted Hanover , and Lila Dixon  have a musical act popular in the New York City nightlife scene. On Christmas Eve, Jim prepares to give his last performance as part of the act before marrying Lila and retiring with her to a farm in Connecticut. At the last minute, Lila decides she is not ready to stop performing, and that she has fallen in love with Ted. She tells Jim that she will stay on as Ted\'s dancing partner. While heartbroken, Jim follows through with his plan and bids the act goodbye. One year later on Christmas Eve, Jim is back in New York City. Farm life has proven difficult and he plans to turn his farm into an entertainment venue called "Holiday Inn", which will only be open on holidays. Ted and his agent Danny Reed  scoff at the plan, but wish him luck. Later at the airport flower shop, while ordering flowers for Lila from Ted, Danny is accosted by employee Linda Mason  who recognizes him as a talent agent and begs him for a start in show business. Danny refers her to Holiday Inn and gives her a pass to Ted\'s club. That night, Linda sits at the performer\'s table with Jim, who pretends he owns a big club and isn\'t sure he could use an act like Hanover and Dixon. Linda pretends she\'s a celebrity and friend of Ted\'s, then escapes when the two performers come to Jim\'s table. The next morning, Christmas Day, Linda arrives at Holiday Inn, where she meets Jim—both realizing they were fooling each other the previous evening. Jim is preparing the place for New Year\'s Eve, and they take to one another immediately. Jim sings her his new song, "White Christmas", a song he would have performed had the inn been open that night. Later that week, on New Year\'s Eve, Holiday Inn opens to a packed house. Meanwhile in New York City, Ted learns that Lila is leaving him for a Texas millionaire. Drinking heavily, he drives up to Holiday Inn to talk with Jim, arriving at midnight. While wandering aimlessly across the dance floor, Ted sees Linda, who remembers him from Christmas Eve. They dance, with Ted bringing down the house despite his inebriated state. Danny arrives just as the dance ends and is ecstatic that Ted found a new partner. The next morning, however, Ted remembers very little and doesn\'t remember Linda at all. Jim doesn\'t say anything and hides Linda away, afraid that Ted will steal her away from the inn. At the next performance, Lincoln\'s Birthday, Ted and Danny return to Holiday Inn in search of Linda. Jim is ready for them and decides to run the night\'s big minstrel show number "Abraham" with disguised performers, including Linda, in an effort to foil the search. While applying Linda\'s blackface makeup, Jim asks if she will stay with him between holidays, and Linda takes this as a proposal. Having come up empty, Ted and Danny will not give up and plan to be back for the next holiday. During rehearsals for the Valentine\'s Day performance, Jim presents Linda with a unique Valentine, a new song called "Be Careful, It\'s My Heart". While singing the song with his back to her, Linda begins dancing alone, and as Ted enters, he spots Linda and launches into an impromptu romantic dance with her. Convinced that Linda is the girl he danced with on New Year\'s Eve, Ted demands that Jim provide a number for them to perform on the next holiday, and Jim reluctantly agrees. On Washington\'s Birthday, Ted and Linda perform in elaborate eighteenth century period costumes while Jim attempts to sabotage their dance, changing the tempo from a minuet to jazz every time the couple attempts to kiss. Afterward, Ted asks Linda to join him as his new dance partner. Linda refuses, saying she has promised to stay at the inn and that she and Jim are to be married. When Ted asks him about the marriage, Jim plays it off, but Ted is unconvinced, telling Danny he will continue to pursue Linda. At Easter, romance continues to blossom between Jim and Linda as they travel home from church in a carriage. When they reach the inn, Ted is sitting on the porch waiting from them. Ted asks Jim if he can remain in his shows, claiming he wants to experience "the true happiness" they\'ve found at the inn. While Linda is charmed, Jim is suspicious. Jim\'s suspicions are confirmed on Independence Day when he overhears Ted and Danny discussing an offer Ted received from Hollywood representatives, who will attend that night\'s show and determine if Ted and Linda are suitable for motion pictures. Desperate, Jim bribes hired hand Gus  to ensure that Linda does not arrive at the inn. After Gus drives the inn\'s car into a creek attempting to delay her, Linda tries to return to the inn and is picked up by Lila, who left the Texas millionaire after his tax problems were revealed. Lila tells Linda, who is pretending to be a waitress, about the studio tryout and that Lila will be Ted\'s partner. Assuming that Jim arranged for her to take Linda\'s place, Linda directs Lila into the same river. Back at the inn, Ted is forced to perform a solo dance. When Linda eventually makes her way to the inn, she finds that Ted has impressed the studio honchos with his improvised solo and the opportunity stands. Irritated with Jim for not trusting her to make her own decision, Linda takes the offer and leaves for Hollywood. The producers want to make a film about Holiday Inn, and Jim reluctantly agrees. At Thanksgiving, the inn is closed and Jim is deeply depressed, barely touching the turkey dinner prepared by his housekeeper Mamie . Jim is prepared to mail to Hollywood a recording of his new Thanksgiving song, but, before he does, he plays it on a record player and makes negative comments over the positive ones in the recording. Realizing what is wrong and ignoring decorum, Mamie implores him to travel to California to win Linda back by telling her how he really feels. Jim arrives at the studio on Christmas Eve, just as Ted is preparing to leave with Linda to get married. Jim confronts Ted in his dressing room, then locks him in it. Before Linda films the final scene for her movie, which features a recreation of Holiday Inn, Jim walks around the set with the director, who boasts it is the most exact recreation ever created for a motion picture. Jim leaves his pipe on the set\'s piano and hides nearby. Linda enters the room and sits at the piano, performing "White Christmas". Startled by the pipe\'s presence, she falters, then continues as Jim\'s voice joins her. Jim appears and Linda runs to him as the director yells "cut". Meanwhile, Ted and Danny learn of Jim\'s plan, but they are too late to stop him. At Holiday Inn on New Year\'s Eve, Ted is reunited with Lila, who is ready and willing to perform with him again. Jim and Linda prepare to stay together and run the inn.'] ["Jen and Tara arrange a threesome to win Jen's ex-boyfriend back, but things don't go quite as planned. He still believes their relationship is best left as friends. Through the antics of offbeat characters at the billiard pro shop where they all work, he comes to realize Jen is his dream girl, but is it too late? Nicole Rayburn , Drew Wicks , Nikki Stanzione  and Adult film icon Ginger Lynn Allen  star in this offbeat comedy in the style of Clerks."] ['Attorney Harold Fine  is set to marry his longtime girlfriend Joyce, but is having deep second thoughts. He encounters his brother, a hippie living in Venice Beach, and falls for an attractive flower power hippie girl  who has a knack for making pot brownies. Harold ends up running out of his wedding to live with the hippie girl and attempts to find himself as well with the aid of a guru.'] ["Tere Sanchez  is an accountant who is in her early forties, single, and not especially happy about it. Tere is an excellent cook, and often throws dinner parties for her friends, and the arrival of her old friend Lorna  from Manila is all the reason she needs to invite her friends over for a feast. Mike  is a former political journalist who is now enjoying the fruits of a lucrative career as a newspaper editor, but he wonders if he left his principles behind along the way; he's also feeling unfulfilled in his marriage to Gigi . Gerry  is an advertising copywriter who is afraid to tell his friends and family that he's gay, though circumstances may well drive him out of the closet. Raul  is a good-looking womaniser who prefers to date Caucasians, and lacks a certain amount of emotional maturity. And Marissa  is on the surface a well-to-do social butterfly; however, deep inside she's woefully insecure, and is afraid to confront her boyfriend Sam  about his constant infidelity. Meanwhile, Lorna confesses that while she's married to a wealthy man in Manila, she's terribly unhappy, and is considering staying in America as an illegal alien."] ["{{Peacock}} Mr. Bhalla , a hyper-vibrant Punjabi lives in US along with his wife, daughter and nephew Aman . Aman is in love with Neha , daughter of Mr. Patel , a conventional Patel. Although the two are in love, their families have huge differences due to drastically different lifestyles. In the end, it's up to Aman and Neha to not only bring their families together but to live up to their expectations."] ['Young D.A. Louie Jeffries is hit by a car and dies in 1964, but manages to slip by the pearly gates and is instantly reborn. In 1987, 23 years later, his widow Corinne still misses him, ignoring the frustrated devotion of his best friend Phillip Train, who has pretty much raised his only daughter Miranda as his own. Miranda, while a student at Yale University meets Alex Finch, who works in the library but is about to graduate. After graduation, Alex schemes his way into the office of newspaper editor Ben Bradlee, at which time he meets Phillip, a journalist at Bradlee\'s newspaper. When Phillip brings Alex to meet the Jeffries family, Alex quickly realizes he is in fact Corinne\'s dead husband reborn. His memories of his life as Louie return just as Alex begins a romantic involvement with Louie\'s  daughter Miranda. Instead, Louie then spurns his daughter\'s advances and begins romancing his widow Corinne, frustrating Phillip\'s attempts to court Corinne, and resulting in a number of comic mixups. Soon, however, Alex/Louie realizes Phillip and Corinne should be together and arranges things so they can realize their love and he can get out of their way. Alex/Louie bursts into the courtroom accusing the judge of accepting a bribe  and tells where the camera with the pictures of the judge are. Alex falls down the stairs, hits his head, and ends up in the hospital. While unconscious, Alex is administered a special injecton he should have received at the pearly gates 23 years previous, to make him forget his past life as Louie. When he wakes, he tells Miranda that the last thing he remembers is them kissing in the corner of the refrigerator. He happily resumes romantic interest in Miranda, which she gladly accepts, having never been informed of his other identity by anyone. Newspaper headlines show the judge charged with accepting the bribe. Alex accepts a job offer as a reporter. His and Miranda\'s relationship continues with Phillip and Corinne\'s full knowledge and approval, although neither of them has forgotten "Louie" lives on in Alex.'] ["In 1941, one year after Italy joined Germany against the Allies in World War II, a small group of misfit Italian soldiers is sent to a small Greek island in the Aegean Sea for four months of lookout duty. The soldiers include a lieutenant who likes art, a macho sergeant, a farmer accompanied by his beloved donkey Silvana, and other quirky people. They are not very good soldiers, but a cross section of average, independent men. The soldiers anticipate attack from outside and on the island and take all sorts of inept precautions. They find a small town with no people. They see bombing on the horizon and realize that the ship that would pick them up has been destroyed. Then mysteriously, people reappear in the village: the villagers say they hid because the Germans had taken all the men. They have decided to accommodate the Italians. It isn't long before everyone's sunny nature appears. The Italian soldiers are absorbed into the life, heat and landscape of the idyllic island. The local orthodox priest asks the lieutenant, a Sunday painter, to restore the murals in his church. Two soldiers, who are brothers, befriend a lovely young woman, a shepherdess. The sergeant takes up folk dancing and the shyest of the soldiers falls profoundly in love with the island's single, very overworked prostitute, named Vassilissa. In their old age three of the men are reunited on the island to close the film. Mediterraneo . March 22, 1992. Review/Film Festival; Roundelay Of Love On an Isle In Wartime"] ["Semi-retired Mexican-American chef Martin Naranjo  shares a suburban Los Angeles home with his three adult daughters. Although he has lost the senses of smell and taste since his wife's death, he still cooks elaborate, multi-course meals for his family and friends. The women humor their father's old-fashioned ways, but each is searching for fulfillment outside the family circle. Leticia , the oldest and most conservative of the three, is a repressed high school chemistry teacher who abandoned Catholicism to become a born-again Christian. Middle daughter Carmen  shares her father's passion for food but has stifled her dream of owning a restaurant in favor of pursuing a more stable career as a business analyst. Maribel , the youngest, is hip and slightly rebellious. Frequently present in the Naranjo home are newly divorced family friend Yolanda , her young daughter April, and her visiting mother Hortensia , who has set her sights on Martin and is determined to make him her next husband, unaware his attention is focused on someone else. Maribel is drawn to handsome Brazilian student Andy after her co-worker rejects him and, after they briefly date, she invites him home for dinner, during which she blithely announces she is moving in with him, much to her father's consternation and Andy's shock, since they never had discussed elevating their somewhat casual relationship to this next level. Before long she is rearranging his small apartment and unintentionally making him increasingly uncomfortable as she imposes herself in his life. Meanwhile, Leticia finds herself attracted to Orlando Castillo, who coaches baseball at her school, when she begins to receive passionate love letters she believes are from him, unaware they actually were written by her students. Carmen is offered a high-profile job in Barcelona, and half-heartedly agrees to accept it, although soon after her father drives her to the airport she returns home, determined to follow in her father's footsteps and open a restaurant of her own. Leticia and Orlando elope, Maribel and Andy break up and reunite, Martin marries Yolanda, and everyone gathers for a family meal at Carmen's new restaurant."] ['Harry Bliss  runs a guard dog service and is going through counseling with his wife, Adele . A serial killer is on the loose in Los Angeles, so when the apartment of classical singer Joan Spruance  is ransacked and she starts receiving threatening phone messages, Joan moves into the Hollywood Hills home of her sister, Andy . Joan doesn\'t feel safe there, either, because she\'s harassed by Andy\'s ex-lovers. She hires a guard dog from Harry\'s company, and soon Harry is providing more than protection for the beautiful singer. Harry is a natural-born liar who, because of his profession, feels that he lives by a code of honor — even if he can\'t quite explain it — as one thing after another spins out of his control. Joan is soft and vulnerable as she is badgered by her conductor husband, harassed by unknown callers, menaced by men from her sister\'s past, and "helped" by Harry.'] ['{{plot}} Maxwell "Max" Smart , an analyst for the top secret American intelligence agency CONTROL, yearns to become a field agent like his idol, Agent 23 . Despite his amazing scores in the acceptance tests, Max is denied the promotion because the Chief  of CONTROL feels that Max\'s analytical skills are best used for his present assignment. When CONTROL headquarters is attacked by the terrorist organization KAOS, led by Siegfried , almost all of CONTROL\'s agents\' identities are exposed, leaving only Max and Agent 99 , whose recent plastic surgery has protected her identity, to pursue the culprits while former field operatives are demoted to desk jobs. Max is promoted to field agent as Agent 86, but the experienced 99 is reluctant to partner him because of his clumsy personality. Before he leaves HQ, two of Max\'s friends from the lab give him an unusual Swiss Army Knife which not only has the standard equipment, but also comes with a flamethrower and a crossbow that fires harpoons. Max and 99 enter Russia by parachute, hoping to trace KAOS\' recent acquisition of nuclear materials through its chief bomb maker, Krstic. Along the way, they are attacked by Dalip , one of Siegfried\'s henchman. By infiltrating a luxurious party hosted by Krstic, they trace the nuclear material to a KAOS nuclear weapons factory disguised as a Moscow bakery, but when Krstic and his men corner them, Max is forced to shot him. In the bakery, Max meets with Siegfried and his second-in-command, Shtarker, only to learn that Siegfried was expecting him because a double-agent has compromised his and 99\'s identities. Max manages to escape capture and bombs the weapons factory. During their escape, Max and 99 are confronted by Dalip. Realizing that he knows Dalip through hours of listening to him on spy \'chatter\', Max manages to persuade Dalip to spare their lives by giving him advice on how to repair his failing marriage. The Chief sends 23 to observe the clean-up of the factory, but KAOS manages to sneak the weapons out through the Moskva River, so 23 report\'s that only a bakery has been destroyed. Realizing that Max was alone during his key discoveries, CONTROL believe Max to be the double-agent. 99, who has been gradually falling in love with Max, is heartbroken but takes Max into custody. CONTROL\'s warning is disregarded when Siegfried threatens to release nuclear weapon detonator codes to rogue states unless the United States government pays him $200&nbsp;billion. While Max is in a CONTROL holding cell, Dalip sends him a coded message via the radio show American Top 40 revealing Siegfried\'s plan: to detonate a nuclear device during the President\'s visit to a concert performed at the Walt Disney Concert Hall in Los Angeles. Max escapes from CONTROL and flies to Los Angeles to unite with the Chief, 99, and 23, who have flown out to persuade the President to take the KAOS threat seriously. Although 23 is skeptical, Max manages to convince 99 and the Chief that he is not the double-agent. As KAOS plants the nuclear bomb in the concert hall, Max\'s Geiger counter-equipped watch beeps when he is near 23, picking up trace elements of radiation. Max questions him as to why he would have radiation on him if he said the bakery was clean. He also points out that 23\'s knife wound is seeping blood, which 23 had previously said happens when his blood pressure rises, concluding that 23 is the double-agent. 23 then pulls out a gun, takes 99 hostage and flees in a vehicle. While chasing after 23, Max explains to the Chief about why can\'t get over the fact that 23 is a traitor while the Chief constantly warns Max of obstacles ahead. Crashing into a golf course, the car is littered with golf balls, while hitting a sand trap, a golf tractor and a snack shack. The car hit the shack, flies through the air, and lands at the fence of an airport. They then hop onto a small plane with an advertisement on its tail. Max reaches 23\'s car by jumping out of the plane and rescues 99, but in the struggle the car is set on fire  and forced onto railroad tracks. Max then follows 99\'s example during the skydive and kisses 23 to distract him. After the kiss, the car collides with a freight train and 23 is killed. Max escapes certain death, "missing it by that much". After analyzing 23\'s nuclear football, Max realizes that the bomb will be triggered by the final note of Beethoven\'s "Ode to Joy". Max, 99, and the Chief manage to reach the concert hall, and Max tackles the conductor just before the final note. Siegfried, finding that his plan has failed, tells Dalip that he will not kill his wife for his failure, though he comments that he would be doing "the sighted world a favor" if he did. In response, Dalip throws him out the car door. Max is given honors and gets his dream of becoming a real spy with agent 99 as his girlfriend. The movie ends as Max and 99 exit CONTROL headquarters through a walkway. While the doors of the walkway close, the two notice that the last door did not close. Max attempts to fix it, but it closes on him. He drops his Swiss Army knife and it fires a harpoon at his cheeks.'] ["Lance Barton  is a struggling comedian who is quite funny and confident in his personality, but is unable to bring his talent across in front of an audience. After being booed off stage one night he hears about an opportunity from his manager, Whitney Daniels , at the Apollo Theater, which is having a goodbye show due to its imminent closing. He is hoping to get a chance to prove himself in front of a real audience, when on his way home riding a bike Lance is distracted by Sontee Jenkins . Not paying attention, he is hit by a semi truck and is instantly killed. Because of this, Lance is brought up to Heaven where he meets the angels, King  and Keyes  who reveal that Lance has died before his time, and can help Lance return to Earth. Lance and King then start searching for a body. After sorting through many, they find Charles Wellington III,  an extremely rich businessman freshly drowned in his tub by his wife  and assistant, Winston Sklar . Lance wants nothing to do with the body until he discovers that Sontee, the girl he saw when he was Lance, is protesting Charles by handcuffing herself to a coffee table in his penthouse, demanding Charles' presence. Lance sees this as a chance to get to know her, but he is reluctant to permanently be Charles. Accordingly, he makes a deal with King to loan Charles' body until a more suitable body is found. Soon after, Charles returns from death, but with the witty soul of Lance Barton inside him. Only he and the angels can see him as Lance. Everybody else sees him as the middle-aged, rich, Caucasian Charles. Very unpopular in the past, the public and those closest to Charles start to notice a change in his personality. He transforms from a snobbish billionaire into a homely philanthropist. Despite recent events he continues to follow his comedy dreams through Charles, contacting his old manager Whitney and convincing him that he is Lance reincarnated. Through many humorous moments and issues, he gets Sontee to fall in love with him. All too soon, Charles' wife and Sklar's plans to murder him succeed as he is shot and killed by a hired assassin. Fulfilling the deal Lance and King set up earlier, King and Keys then send Lance to return yet again to Earth as Joe Guy, a great comedian and more acceptable candidate who will die in a car accident. Joe returns from this accident unscathed, now with Lance's soul. After pulling off a successful performance at the Apollo and reconnecting with Whitney, King and Keyes re-emerge. They inform him that after their current conversation, he will not remember them, Lance, Charles or Sontee. As said, after the angels leave he no longer remembers the previous events or his previous lives. Even though he has lost his memory of Lance, he still has the characteristics of him. In result, he reconnects with Whitney again and proceeds in getting Sontee to fall in love with him all over again, after meeting her in the theater for the first time as Joe Guy."] ["Ganesh ([[Ganesh  comes to the world by peeing on his father Pandu's  face. Despite being mischievous, he manages to reach the graduation level but with poor English speaking skills. However, he gets a job in a bank where he meets Shruti ([[Bhavana  and Sadhu Kokila. As expected, their love blossoms after witnessing a series of comic scenes. Ganesh, a slum dweller and street smart, impresses her by telling a pack of lies where he went on to claim that he is born with a silver spoon and he is the son of crorepati but living an ordinary life to learn the basic lessons of life. The couple ties the knot in a hush-hush manner when her father played by Avinash opposes their marriage and fixes a secret marriage with a rich man. However, soon Shruti realises that she was lied and cheated, the couple part ways. The rest of the story tells how Ganesh wins Shruti's heart yet again."] ["A dark slacker comedy about a college student obsessed with Woody Allen's film Annie Hall. His world is then turned upside down by a young woman who might be the modern day equivalent of Annie Hall herself."] ['Cynthia , Marc  and Robert  are young friends in New York City. Marc is a struggling actor, Robert is an actor/songwriter and Cynthia is desperately trying to attract the attention of Tina Brown to break into magazine publishing. Cynthia and Marc find an apartment together in Greenwich Village. Robert is secretly in love with Marc, who\'s oblivious. Marc falls into a relationship with David , an aspiring musician who lives with his boyfriend across the alley from Marc\'s apartment. David\'s boyfriend throws him out and David moves in with Marc. Robert, trying to get over Marc, becomes interested in a man who works in a local card and gift shop . Taking Marc\'s advice to "make the grand gesture," he sends Cynthia in with a gift from him as a secret admirer. "Zola" turns down the gesture, and Marc is humiliated. Marc and Robert discover that David supports himself as a hustler and Marc breaks up with him and throws him out. Robert makes "the grand gesture" for Marc by singing a song he\'s written for him. Before Marc can respond, Cynthia, whose attempts to get through to Tina Brown have become increasingly bizarre, has a nervous breakdown. She returns to her parents\' home on Long Island. In the end, Marc and Robert visit Cynthia on Long Island. Free from the drama of his relationship with David, Marc realizes that he has feelings for Robert. Cynthia gets a call from Tina Brown\'s assistant, setting up a meeting for the following day.'] ["Nammal is another campus movie from Kamal after Niram. What is different this time is Kamal introduces new faces Siddharth and Jishnu. Kamal provides glimpses of the new campus with adenvture in his movie with these debutants. Snehalatha  takes charge as the Principal in a college where Shyam  and Sivan  are the heroes. Shyam and Sivan are fun filled characters as well as naughty. Aparna  is teased and ragged by the duo, who happens to be the daughter of Principal's friend. Aparna complaints and Snehalatha takes action against Shyam and Shivan. Soon to her surpurise she discovers that Shyam and Shivan are orphans, hardworking and their guardian is a priest . But the real twist to the story happens when Snehalatha finds out that one of them is her son. Suhasini has done a splendid job backed by a strong character. Music by Mohan Sitara's and script by Kalavoor Ravi kumar."] ['In 1890, all of New York City is excited because widowed, brassy Dolly Levi is in town. Dolly makes a living through matchmaking and numerous sidelines . She is currently seeking a wife for grumpy Horace Vandergelder, the well-known "half-a-millionaire", but it becomes clear that Dolly intends to marry Horace herself. Dolly travels to Yonkers, New York to visit Horace. Ambrose Kemper, a young artist, wants to marry Horace\'s weepy niece, Ermengarde, but Horace opposes this because Ambrose\'s vocation does not guarantee a steady living. Horace, who is the owner of Vandergelder\'s Hay and Feed, explains to his two clerks, Cornelius Hackl and Barnaby Tucker, that he is going to get married because "It Takes a Woman" to cheerfully do all the household chores. He plans to travel to New York City to propose to Irene Molloy, who owns a hat shop there. Dolly arrives in Yonkers and sends Horace ahead to the city. Before leaving he tells Cornelius and Barnaby to mind the store. Cornelius decides that he and Barnaby need to get out of Yonkers. Dolly knows two ladies in New York they should call on: Irene Molloy and her shop assistant, Minnie Fay. She enters Ermengarde and Ambrose in the upcoming polka competition at the fancy Harmonia Gardens Restaurant in New York City, so Ambrose can demonstrate his ability to be a bread winner to Uncle Horace. Cornelius, Barnaby, Ambrose, Ermengarde and Dolly take the train to New York . Irene and Minnie open their hat shop for the afternoon. Irene does not love Horace Vandergelder and declares that she will wear an elaborate hat to impress a gentleman . Cornelius and Barnaby arrive at the shop and pretend to be rich. Horace and Dolly arrive and Cornelius and Barnaby hide. Minnie screams when she finds Cornelius hiding in an armoire. Horace is about to open the armoire himself, but Dolly "searches" it and pronounces it empty. After hearing Cornelius sneeze, Horace storms out upon realizing there are men hiding in the shop, although he is unaware that they are his clerks. Dolly arranges for Cornelius and Barnaby, who are still pretending to be rich, to take the ladies out to dinner to the Harmonia Gardens to make up for their humiliation. She teaches Cornelius and Barnaby how to dance since they always have dancing at such establishments . The clerks and the ladies go to watch the Fourteenth Street Association Parade together. Alone, Dolly asks her first husband Ephram\'s permission to marry Horace, requesting a sign. She resolves to move on with life . After meeting an old friend, Gussie Granger, on a float in the parade, Dolly catches up with the annoyed Vandergelder as he is marching in the parade. She tells him the heiress Ernestina Simple would be perfect for him and asks him to meet her at the Harmonia Gardens that evening. Cornelius is determined to get a kiss before the night is over. Since the clerks have no money to hire a carriage, they tell the girls that walking to the restaurant shows that they\'ve got "Elegance". In a quiet flat, Dolly prepares for the evening . At the Harmonia Gardens Restaurant, Rudolph, the head waiter, whips his crew into shape for Dolly Levi\'s return. Horace arrives to meet his date, who is really Dolly\'s friend Gussie. As it turns out, she is not rich or elegant as Dolly implied, and she soon leaves after being bored by Horace, just as she and Dolly planned. Cornelius, Barnaby and their dates arrive and are unaware that Horace is also at the restaurant. Dolly makes her triumphant return to the Harmonia Gardens and is greeted in style by the staff ("[[Hello, Dolly! . She sits in the now-empty seat at Horace\'s table and proceeds to tell him that no matter what he says, she will not marry him. Fearful of being caught, Cornelius confesses to the ladies that he and Barnaby have no money, and Irene, who knew they were pretending all along, offers to pay for the meal. She then realizes that she left her handbag with all her money in it at home. The four try to sneak out during the polka contest, but Horace recognizes them and also spots Ermengarde and Ambrose. In the ensuing confrontation, Vandergelder fires Cornelius and Barnaby  and they are forced to flee as a riot breaks out. Cornelius professes his love for Irene because "It Only Takes a Moment". Horace declares that he wouldn\'t marry Dolly if she were the last woman in the world. Dolly angrily bids him farewell; while he\'s bored and lonely, she\'ll be living the high life . The next morning, back at the hay and feed store, Cornelius and Irene, Barnaby and Minnie, and Ambrose and Ermengarde each come to collect the money Vandergelder owes them. Chastened, he finally admits that he needs Dolly in his life, but she is unsure about the marriage until Ephram sends her a sign. Vandergelder spontaneously repeats a saying of Ephram\'s: "Money, pardon the expression, is like manure. It\'s not worth a thing unless it\'s spread about, encouraging young things to grow." Cornelius becomes Horace\'s business partner at the store, and Barnaby fills in Cornelius\' old position. Horace tells Dolly life would be dull without her, and she promises that she\'ll "never go away again" .'] ['While visiting a Northern English city, Barbara , an aspiring Hollywood actress, has a fling with the town undertaker Richard , who also writes obituaries for the local paper and has written one unsuccessful novel, Uzi Suicide. Barbara returns home, where she works as a waitress at a Japanese restaurant. She brags about the handsome writer she met while away. Unfortunately Richard follows her to Hollywood.'] ['23-year-old psychiatric patient Ricky has been deemed cured and is released from a mental institution. Until then he has been the lover of the woman director of the hospital. An orphan, free, and alone, his goal is to have a normal life with Marina Ozores, an actress, former porn star, and recovering drug addict, whom he once slept with during an escape from the asylum. Ricky discovers Marina’s whereabouts from a film journal announcement of the start of her next film. He goes to the studio where Marina is in her last day at work filming The Midnight Phantom, a Euro-horror film about a hideously mutilated, masked muscleman in love with Marina’s character. The film is directed by Máximo Espejo, an old film director confined to a wheelchair after a stroke. Máximo is a gentle mentor to Marina and threatens to throw out a journalist who mentions the words "porn" and "junkie" in Marina’s presence. His protection of the actress is not completely innocent since he is sexually attracted to Marina and lusts after her, enjoying what could be his last experience of directing a sexy female lead. When Ricky comes to the set, he steals a few necessary items including the keys to Marina’s apartment and before long, he is an unwelcome presence in her life. Ricky, with a long-haired wig, does a handstand to try to capture her attention. Marina does not remember him and quickly dismisses him. After filming the last scene, Marina goes home to change for the post-shoot party. Ricky follows her to her apartment. When she answers the door, Ricky forces his way in. He grabs her and headbutts her to silence her when she screams; he tapes her mouth and binds her with rope. Marina wakes with a terrible toothache, which normal painkillers do not relieve as she is addicted to stronger drugs. Ricky explains that he has captured her so that when she gets to know him better she will fall in love and they will get married and have children. "I\'ll never love you, ever," says Marina, understandably enraged at being handcuffed, gagged and lashed to the bed. "We\'ll see," says Ricky, who would do anything to win her heart. Marina is shocked and in pain, and eventually persuades Ricky to take her to a doctor who can give her the necessary painkillers. Ricky barely leaves her alone with the doctor, and she is unable to communicate her plight. They cannot get the drugs in the pharmacy so Ricky goes off to get them on the black market. However, rather than paying the street price, he attacks the dealer to get the tablets. During the after-filming party Marina’s sister, Lola, who is the assistant director of The Midnight Phantom, steals the show with a musical number. Increasingly worried about her sister’s disappearance, Lola visits Marina\'s apartment and leaves a note. To avoid being discovered, Ricky moves Marina to her next door neighbor’s apartment. The apartment is empty, but the owner has left his keys with Lola so she can water his plants while he is away during the summer. In the street again, Ricky is spotted by the dealer who he had attacked, and is seriously beaten and left unconscious. During his absence Marina makes a desperate but somewhat halfhearted attempt to escape from her captivity. However when he returns covered with bruises and cuts, she sees his vulnerability and devotion to her, no matter how misguided. She cares for him, binding his wounds, and is suddenly struck by the realization that she has fallen in love with her captor. They make love at length and Ricky seems to be on the verge of achieving his aim. They decide to take a trip together to his native village. When he is about to leave to steal a car for the trip, Marina, who still considers herself his prisoner, tells him to keep her tied up so that she won\'t try to escape. However, in Ricky’s absence, Lola reenters the apartment and discovers Marina tied up and rescues her. Marina informs her sister that she is in love with her captor. Lola is astonished to learn that Marina really no longer wants to be rescued, but once convinced, she agrees to drive Marina to Ricky\'s birthplace. They find him there in the ruins of his family house in a deserted village, then the three climb into Lola\'s car to return to the city. Lola promises Ricky she will find him a job, Marina cries with happiness, and they drive off together into the distance singing, like a regular family.'] ["Roger Willoughby is a well-known fishing expert who works for Abercrombie & Fitch Co. Abigail Page is a brash and flighty public relations woman. Page is determined to secure Willoughby's participation in a prestigious fishing tournament, only to discover that Willoughby is a phony&mdash;he's never fished in his life. By threatening to reveal his secret, Abigail forces Roger to fake his way through the tournament. Willoughby proves himself to be supremely inept: he cannot fish, cannot set up a tent, cannot run or even board a motorboat. He cannot even swim, as he demonstrates by toppling or plunging straight to the lakebed each time he ventures to go fishing. In the vein of the screwball genre, the dialog is fast and overlapping, the humor broad and slapstick, multiple levels of deception abound, and a decidedly adversarial relationship constantly teeters on the edge of romance."] ["Johnny Jones , a showgirl, is having an affair with the married Barton Kendrick , a publisher. She is a native of Vienna, Austria, and one night an officer from the Department of Immigration finds her and tells her that she will be deported because her temporary passport expired three months ago. The investigator tells her that if she can be married within a week, she can stay. Bill Smith, a down-on-his-luck writer, runs into Jones in a diner during a rainstorm. She explains to him that she needs to marry an American citizen within a week and since he is broke, she could pay him and they would both get what they need. She pays him $17.80 a week in exchange for marrying her.Two months later, Smith is writing a book about the odd circumstances of his marriage and becomes curious about Jones, considering he only sees her once a week when she gives him a check. Meanwhile, Jones is continuing her affair with Kendrick. He tells Jones that he is leaving his wife and wants to marry Jones within two months. She tells Bill she wants a divorce right away, which he reluctantly agrees to. Smith finishes his book and sends it to Kendrick's publishing company, where Kendrick's wife Diane  explains the book to Kendrick and he realizes that Smith is Jones' husband. Kendrick's chooses to publish the book and gives Smith $500 up front. After seeing Kendrick's reaction to the book, his wife realizes that he has been having an affair and that the book is real. Mrs. Kendrick decides to divorce him, but wants to make sure that Jones' is actually in love with her husband first. Meanwhile, Smith buys a new car and coerces Jones to go on a trip with him before he will sign the divorce papers. She ends up falling in love with Bill while on vacation, after meeting his family. Kendrick comes to Smith's grandmother's house in the middle of the night and Jones is forced to make the decision about who she wants, and she picks Bill."] ["P-A-X-497/341 , a curious human from a well-ordered but loveless year 3127, travels back in time to the year 2011 to satisfy his curiosity about such archaic concepts as love, passion and sex, after finding a book by newly published romance novelist Elizabeth Barrett, who also works at a newspaper that deals in primarily made up stories. He is told that love caused people to act strangely and was one of the root causes for suffering in the world. He decided to go back to the year 2011 to figure what love is. He winds up making his own discoveries when he meets Elizabeth, who turns out to be the woman of his dreams. Unfortunately, Elizabeth has a boyfriend, Richard. When Pax doesn't return to the future by the given deadline, his fellow scientist Bob travels back in time to find him. Upon returning to the future Pax misses Elizabeth and, she is the only thing he is thinking about. He also feels he has lost his chance with her. Bob lets Pax travel all the way back to where Elizabeth and Richard met, which allows Pax to meet Elizabeth first."] ["Larita, a glamorous American widow and successful racecar driver , meets young John Whittaker ([[Ben Barnes  in Monaco. They marry, and he takes his bride home to meet his family at their dauntingly large rural mansion, where seven generations of Whittakers have been gentleman farmers. There she meets her icy cold mother-in-law, Veronica  and disheveled, sad-eyed father-in-law, Major Jim Whittaker . Veronica, already predisposed to dislike her new daughter-in-law  is further disappointed to find that she is a brash American who, like the Major, speaks fluent French. Larita also meets John's former girlfriend and neighbour Sarah Hurst , who is gracious about the marriage. Larita remains calm in the face of her new mother-in-law's disdain, even being so bold as to reveal having been previously married. Veronica intuits that John will soon tire of his wife and hopes the marriage will end in divorce. She works on making Larita unhappy, while making John content to stay. Time passes, and to Larita's disappointment, John is not eager to leave the estate so that they can find a home of their own. Larita is bored and miserable in the countryside and hates blood sports like hunting, and indeed any of the entertainment country English people seem to enjoy. She reads Lady Chatterley's Lover, by D.H. Lawrence, which shocks her husband's female relatives, and she doesn't want to play tennis. She also dislikes Veronica's stuffy decor, her constant entertaining of her friends and the overcooked food. Worse still, she suffers from hay fever. She tries to get along with her mother-in-law, but Veronica refuses to accept her and naturally resents her attempts to bring some American traditions into the situation. Larita makes some inadvertent gaffes, accidentally killing the family chihuahua and giving some joking advice to the younger daughter, Hilda , that unfortunately results in embarrassment to, and enmity from, the daughters. Sarah comes to the Whittakers' parties, and to play tennis, accompanied by her brother Philip , on whom Hilda has a crush. Philip, however, is infatuated with Larita, which further angers Hilda. To Veronica's horror, she and her hunting party discover John and Larita making love in an outbuilding. Larita finds herself increasingly isolated and demoralized by her mother-in-law's derision, verbal attacks and dirty tricks. Larita's only sympathetic friends are the Major and the servants, whom she treats better than does Veronica. Larita retreats to the Major's workshop to help him work on his motorcycle. Still troubled from having lost all his men in the war, Jim Whittaker has lost interest in his home, and there is no love between him and his wife. The Whittaker estate has fallen on hard times. Larita's handsome and charming young husband, once in the shadow of his dragon-lady mother, loses his independence and seems immature to her as he is drawn into family life. In addition, John's affection for Larita seems to be waning, as he complains about his wife to Sarah, who finds his overture inappropriate. When John learns how bad the financial situation is for the family, his sense of responsibility to his family brings him closer to his mother and drives a wedge between him and his wife, as his mother had hoped. Finally, Hilda obtains a newspaper cutting revealing scandalous secrets about Larita's first marriage to a much older man who was dying of cancer: she had helped him die using poison. John withdraws from Larita, while the Major scolds his daughters for their cruelty. At Veronica's next big party, John refuses to dance with Larita, so the Major dances a tango with her. She determines to leave the marriage, and on her way out of the mansion, she apologizes to Sarah for having interrupted her relationship with John. She hopes that Sarah will take John back. Veronica shows up, and an argument ensues in which Veronica and Larita trade barbs. Larita finally leaves, but the Major goes with her. Furber , the family butler, wishes them well."] ['Rick  and Fred  are best friends as are their wives, Maggie  and Grace . They are both unhappy with their married lives and missing the old days when they were single. Realizing this, their wives talk to their friend Dr. Lucy  and decide to give them a "Hall Pass": A week off from marriage during which they can have sex with other women. They are skeptical at first, but ultimately accept the offers and try to pick up women with their friends Gary , Flats  and Hog Head . Maggie and Grace spend Rick\'s and Fred\'s "Hall Pass Week" at Maggie\'s parents\' house in Cape Cod, where Grace flirts with athlete Gerry . She says that if their husbands have Hall Passes, so should they. With their wives and children away, Fred and Rick check in at a motel and prepare for their Hall Pass Week. On day one, they decide to eat before going to a local bar and get too tired to spend the night there, preferring to stay at the hotel. On day two, they eat pot brownies and decide to play golf, but get too high and wreak havoc on the golf course. On day three, Rick and Fred go to a bar with their friends but fail to impress the women there. They decide to get drunk in order to become more loose, but go too far and wind up getting into a fight with other customers. They spend day four at the hotel suffering from a hangover. On day five, Rick goes to a local coffee shop where Rick flirts with an attractive waitress named Leigh , much to the annoyance of her co-worker Brent who insults Rick. When Rick answers him back, Leigh is impressed and tells Rick that they might see each other at the local gym. They later meet there, and Leigh invites Rick for a beer after they work out. Rick decides to sit in the hot tub instead, but falls asleep and stays there for several hours ending up with his muscles too weak to use and forced to accept the help of two naked men to leave much to his dismay. Meanwhile, Grace and Gerry get closer, while Maggie finds herself attracted to Gerry\'s coach. On day six, Rick and Fred go to a bar called Enter the Dragon with their friend Coakley , where Rick meets his children\'s babysitter Paige , who has just turned 21 and is with her aunt Meg. Paige is attracted to Rick, but he shoots her down to dance with Leigh. Brent, the party\'s DJ, is angry at this. After the party is over, Rick goes to party at Coakley\'s while Fred takes a girl to his motel room. However, she feels sick and, after a minor incident in the bathroom, is sent back home by Fred before they can have sex. Later that evening Paige\'s aunt shows up at the room and mistakes Fred for Rick, eventually seducing him. Fred fakes oral sex on Meg until they are interrupted by Rick. Meanwhile, Gerry\'s coach tries to seduce Maggie, but she rebuffs him. Grace, on the other hand, has sex with Gerry, but tells him it will be just that one time. On her way back home, she feels guilty about cheating on Fred and has a car accident. At Coakley\'s house, Rick meets Leigh who offers him a one-time fling. He initially wants to do it, but ultimately rebuffs her, unable to cheat on Maggie. As he is leaving after hearing of Grace\'s accident, he is approached by Brent who is angry at Rick for going out with Leigh. She calms him, and Rick makes his way to the hotel where he finds Paige who thinks he was having sex with Meg. They enter the room and find Fred having fake sex with her. After finding out the truth, Meg kicks Fred in the face. Upon hearing about Grace\'s accident, Fred tries to go to the hospital but finds Brent vandalizing what Brent thought was Rick\'s car. Upon seeing Paige\'s aunt, his mother, at the hotel, Brent thinks Fred has had sex with her and tries to kill him as well, but runs out of bullets and is tackled by Paige and his mother. Rick and Fred enter Fred\'s car and make their way to the hospital with Brent and the police chasing them. At the hospital, Brent is arrested for attacking them and Fred finds out Grace only broke her nose. Rick goes back home and finds Maggie. He tells her he did not use the Hall Pass and remembers the time he lost his virginity to her. She is the only woman he has ever been with. Moved by his declaration, Maggie tells him she did not use her Hall Pass either and they reconcile and have sex for the first time in months. Fred and Grace also reconcile and decide to hide their cheating from one another. However, Fred ultimately confesses that he used his Hall Pass with Paige\'s aunt when Grace asks him to take her to see Kathy Griffin. During the credits, Fred hosts a barbecue where he pays Kathy Griffin to be present. Noticing how happy Maggie and Grace are following the Hall Pass week, Gary\'s wife suggests that she give him a Hall Pass. After a fantasy where he sleeps with a married woman, resulting in the death of her, her husband, her grandmother and several innocent bystanders , Gary agrees to give it a go.'] ["Roger  is a downtrodden meter reader, subject to ridicule from co-workers and regular denizens, who dreams of dating the foreign graduate student who lives in his building, Amanda . To overcome his lack of self-esteem, he signs up for a course taught by Dr. P  where Roger and his classmates are constantly bullied by Dr. P and his assistant Lesher , who likes to use outrageous and unethical methods on them, including humiliation. Some tasks they are required to do are quite cruel and primitive - like the task to start a conflict or even a fight with somebody they meet just to prove they are fearless. However, nobody intends to quit the course because Dr. P says he won't give a refund of $5,000 to anyone who quits or disobeys the orders given to them. The classmates even warn Roger that Dr. P will destroy him if his progress is too fast, just like he has done to one of his former students. While participating, Roger begins to develop a sense of personal pride and finally asks Amanda for a date where he uses tricks he learned during the course. Wanting to prove that he's still got his edge, Dr. P starts competing with Roger for Amanda. He approaches her with a false story that he is a successful and child-loving surgeon whose wife has died, and Amanda, who is a voluntary caretaker for animals, is immediately attracted and starts dating him. When Roger begins to see what's happening, he decides to take action to get Amanda back, although his actions are futile. After a competitive tennis match in which Roger humiliates him, Dr. P enlists the talents of Roger's classmates to break into Amanda's apartment and paint graffiti on the walls so he could frame Roger as a stalker. Roger uses his authority as a meter reader to impound Dr. P's car, and in retaliation Dr. P gets Roger fired from his job. Roger learns of Dr. P's plans for Amanda from a depressed former student, Lonnie , who was also humiliated by Dr. P when he led his girlfriend away. He shows Roger a fascicle full of evidence that Dr. P is a fraud, who uses multiple identities and false stories to attract or distract his victims. After learning that Dr. P invited Amanda to Miami, Roger is determined to stop him once for all. He heads for the airport where Dr. P tells him he is a winner and grants him two tickets - one for him and one for Amanda. However, Roger at first doesn't know that Dr. P has sent him to the wrong gate. After realizing he was again tricked by Dr. P, Roger heads to the right gate and boards the plane to Miami in the last moment. With the aid of Lonnie and classmates, he finally exposes Dr. P's duplicity, it's revealed that Dr. P isn't a doctor or surgeon  and that his wife is still alive. Amanda finally realizes she was wrong and returns to Roger. When meeting Roger after some time, Dr. P grants him a diploma for successfully passing his course - the first diploma ever issued by him. He also invites Roger to attend one of his future courses as a guest, but Roger refuses. The film closes with a summary of what happened to most characters after the film's events."] ['Ceghe  and Berni  are close friends who are both uneasily transitioning into their adult lives. They meet Laura  one evening at a nightclub, and the three rapidly become a close group who share "a perfect love." However, romantic impulses between Laura and each of the two men eventually threaten to tear the old friends apart. As this scenario unfolds, Ceghe becomes aware of a lucrative opportunity to sell a valuable item possessed by guests of the hotel run by his parents. The circumstances and risks of the opportunity are unclear, but Ceghe becomes increasingly determined to make a fortune by stealing and selling the item.'] ['Scott and Kate are happily married although there is a 30 year age difference between them. After Scott suffers a heart attack and is unable to make love, he commits suicide and becomes a ghost that only Kate can see and speak with. To make it possible for Scott to return as a human, they conjure up a plan to have a young man drown so that Scott can take his body.'] ['Benjamin "Finn" Finnegan  is a treasure hunter looking for a treasure from a Spanish galleon, known as the Aurelia, that was lost at sea with the 1715 Treasure Fleet. In his search to find the treasure, his wife, Tess , divorces him. Tess has been working as a steward on a huge yacht owned by multi-millionaire, Nigel Honeycutt . Finn finds a clue to the location of the treasure and manages to get on Honeycutt\'s yacht The Precious Gem and convince him, his daughter, Gemma , and Tess to join him in searching for the treasure. A local gangster named Bigg Bunny ([[Kevin Hart  and Finn\'s mentor, Moe Fitch , are intent on finding the treasure first. The Precious Gem and Moe\'s vessel compete to find the treasure in The Bahamas. As Finn attempts to secretly take down Moe\'s search grid, Finn discovers a sword which is a clue to finding the treasure. Finn and Tess follow the clues to an ancient church and discover a diary describing the location of the treasure. Bigg Bunny and his associates, who have been following Finn and Tess, take Tess hostage and assume  that Finn was killed. Bigg Bunny forces Tess to aid him in the search for the treasure in a blowhole, the location revealed in the diary. Tess finds the treasure in a cave beneath the blowhole. Meanwhile, Finn and the Honeycutts enlist the help of Moe in taking the treasure out of Bigg Bunny\'s hands. They arrive as Bigg Bunny sends one of his associates back in to the water to find out who was killed in the blowhole. The blowhole kills Bigg Bunny\'s employee and traps Tess and Finn. Finn saves Tess, only to have Bigg Bunny kidnap an unconscious Tess again. Gemma gets Finn to Bigg Bunny\'s plane on her jet ski and Finn leaps on the plane\'s pontoon as the plane takes off. As Bigg Bunny attempts to shoot Finn, Tess begins to wake and kicks Bigg Bunny out of the plane, sending him into the ocean. Bigg Bunny\'s henchman is then taken prisoner by Moe, after Moe has been shot in the leg with a speargun. Finn and Tess are reunited and find the treasure together. Tess is shown to be pregnant. Eventually Finn, Tess, Nigel, Gemma, Moe and all those who contributed in finding the treasure open a museum to display all of their finds.'] ['Mike is always losing to Randy, at everything. Randy goads him into a bet that he can\'t get Diane to "Paradise Cabins" and score with her. Mike gets as far as the cabins, where they are attacked by a bear. When Mike doesn\'t have the money for Randy, they end up playing chicken to even the score.'] ["Jerry  and Nick  are two best buddies whose love lives have hit rock bottom. After Nick runs into a friend who has married a beautiful, younger girl he met on a singles cruise, he decides to take a similar cruise with Jerry. Things do not go as planned though, after a vengeful travel agent books them on a cruise for gay men. During their trip, they come to learn that gay men are less objectionable than they first assumed. However, Jerry falls in love with the cruise's dance instructor Gabriella  and in order to win her over, he pretends to be gay so he can get closer to her. Meanwhile, Nick blossoms a romance with a bikini model named Inga . After an accidental affair with her mean, sex-obsessed coach Sonya , Nick must fend off Sonya who has fallen in love with him as well. In the end, Jerry wins Gabriella while Nick loses out on Inga but sees a potential relationship with her sister instead. However, he is then unwittingly  reunited with Sonya; much to his dismay and her arousal."] ["Shel , a gay party planner, agrees to organize the nuptials for straight brother Ben  to Maggie , the daughter of Maine's Governor . After Shel finds out that Ben, a campaign manager for his future father-in-law, is behind the governor's speech against gay marriage, he decides to go on strike for equal rights. Shel's strike picks up steam and eventually spreads nationwide, leaving the impending wedding vows in the hands of a tacky planner and overall, in question."] ['Lovers and Other Strangers revolves around the wedding of Mike  and Susan , intercutting their story with those of other couples among their families and friends. As the movie opens, Mike wants to call off the wedding, arguing that it would be hypocritical for them to get married when they\'ve already been living together for a year and a half. He only relents when Susan\'s father, Hal , tells him how Susan went to her first Halloween party dressed as a bride. Over the course of the movie, we meet: * Susan\'s WASP-ish parents, Hal and Bernice . Hal, we learn, is having a long-running extramarital affair with Bernice\'s sister, Kathy , who is afraid of being left as a spinster and is using the wedding to get some commitment from Hal. * Susan\'s sister, Wilma , and her husband Johnny . With two children, Wilma is feeling her age and misses the passion they had at the beginning of their marriage, while Johnny is more interested in watching Spellbound on TV than giving his wife attention. * Mike\'s brother, Richie  and his wife, Joan , who have grown "incompatible" and "unhappy" and are considering divorce. * Bridesmaid Brenda  and usher Jerry , who Mike and Susan "fix up" for the wedding. Nebbishy Jerry imagines himself a playboy, and spends most of the weekend trying to "score" with Brenda. * Mike\'s Italian-American parents, Frank  and Bea , who are relentlessly trying to persuade Richie and Joan not to get divorced.  All the plot lines play out through the rehearsal, wedding, and reception.'] ['Hal Larson  is a superficial man whose fixation on the physical beauty of women gets in the way of seeing them for their inner beauty. Hal and his equally shallow friend, Mauricio Wilson , spend their nights obnoxiously hitting on beautiful women at nightclubs. By a twist of fate, Hal becomes trapped in an elevator with famous American life coach Tony Robbins, who after talking with Hal, hypnotizes him into only seeing physical manifestations of a person\'s inner beauty. Hal is unaware he\'s been hypnotized, and later meets and is smitten by Rosemary Shanahan , the daughter of Steve Shanahan , the President of Hal\'s company. Rosemary is very fat, but Hal sees her as a slender and beautiful trophy blonde because of her kind and generous personality. Used to being overlooked by men due to her appearance, Rosemary initially interprets Hal’s interest in her as mocking, but begins to date Hal when she realizes his feelings for her are authentic. Mauricio becomes increasingly worried about Hal\'s new taste in women and convinces Robbins to give him the trigger phrase to undo the hypnosis. Mauricio phones Hal while Hal is on a date with Rosemary and says the trigger phrase, "Shallow Hal wants a gal", which serves to break Hal\'s hypnosis. Mauricio confesses to Hal the truth about Robbins\' hypnotherapy, but Hal does not believe this until he runs into Katrina , a woman who initially appeared beautiful to him due to her internal beauty, but whom Hal now sees in her true, unattractive state. Hal begins to avoid Rosemary, who in turn becomes melancholic without him around. Distraught that he has not been seeing the "real" Rosemary, Hal accepts a dinner invitation from his neighbour, Jill, with whom he once had an unsuccessful date. The two dine together and Jill tells Hal that she has observed him overcoming his shallow nature and that she is interested in dating him now. However, Hal realizes that his true feelings are for Rosemary, who has coincidentally arrived at the same restaurant with her family and sees Hal and Jill seated together. Assuming the worst, Rosemary leaves in tears. Not recognizing Rosemary, Hal walks right by her on his way to the pay phone, ironically to reaffirm her of his feelings. Confused and distraught, Rosemary calls Hal a "psycho" over the phone and effectively breaks up with him. Five days later, Steve chastises Hal and coldly informs him that Rosemary’s Peace Corps partner wants to be in a relationship with her again. Hal attempts to find Rosemary, but instead encounters a young patient named Cadence at the hospital where Rosemary volunteers. Previously, due to Robbins’ hypnosis, Hal saw Cadence as a perfect little girl; he now sees that there are severe burns all over Cadence’s face. Hal then realizes that he doesn’t need hypnosis to see people’s true inner beauty. Rosemary decides to leave the country to rejoin the Peace Corps. Hal, during his search for Rosemary, finds that Mauricio had his own reason for stopping Hal\'s hypnosis: He has a vestigial tail, his shame over which has prevented him from ever getting close to a woman. Mauricio confesses that he was jealous of Hal\'s happiness and is afraid of starting relationships with women. Hal makes up with Mauricio and decides to try to reconcile with Rosemary. Hal arrives at the Shanahan mansion, where a bon voyage party for Rosemary is underway. Rosemary initially rebuffs Hal\'s presence, but then accepts his apology when Hal professes his love for her. Rosemary then informs Hal that she is still leaving on her Peace Corps mission, at which point Hal says that he is coming too, having just been sworn-in to the Peace Corps. Hal and Rosemary reconcile and are cheered by the crowd as they kiss. He tries to carry her bridal-style to the car, but finds he can’t lift her, so she carries him to the car instead. As they drive off, Mauricio meets a woman who loves dogs and the two walk off together as he wags his "tail".'] ["After 17-year-old misfit Jones Dillon drops out of college on his first day, he moves into an old apartment building where he soon becomes entangled in the lives of his kooky new neighbors, including a temperamental photographer and a self-absorbed aspiring actress. When he's not busy flirting with the ladies or learning to live on his own, would-be writer Jones divides his time between fending off queries from his alcoholic mother, penning letters to an absentee father, and indulging in an overactive fantasy life. An auto accident forces a reality check, however, nudging Jones to grow up and decide what he really wants."] [' Debu  is a 32 year old advertising agent, but has a serious problem in that he is still a virgin. He meets Baba Hindustani in a hotel who promises to cure him of the teasing he gets from being a virgin. He later meets Nitin Kapoor, a film-maker  who later films him as he works out in the gym and other physical activities. Unaware of what is happening, Kapoor edits the film in in such a way to give the impression of Debu as having sex. The film is released and becomes a box office hit and Debu quickly becomes a sex symbol. He later meets Sonali Verma , a journalist, who helps him through his difficulties and they later fall in love BBC.co.uk, Retrieved 21 February 2008.'] ["The movie focuses on Daphne , the loving but over-bearing mother of three girls, in particular Milly . Her other daughters Maggie  and Mae  are happily married but Milly has recently broken up with her boyfriend, and Daphne is concerned. Daphne fears that her daughter cannot find a good man on her own so she secretly places a personal ad for her daughter. She finds a potential candidate, Jason , and tries to orchestrate a chance meeting of the two. The plan seems flawless until Milly finds her own date, guitarist Johnny , who happens to be a candidate Daphne rejected before. Milly is unaware of her mother's scheming and begins relationships with both Jason and Johnny at the same time, with neither aware of the other. Inevitably, this double-dating takes its toll and Milly becomes estranged from both Jason and Johnny. In Jason's case, it is because she discovers Daphne's scheming. Meanwhile, Daphne stumbles upon her own perfect match after being alone for many years and begins to challenge her search for the 'perfect' match for Milly. Milly also realizes she has a choice to be the daughter her mother wants her to be, or to be the woman she wants herself to be. Choosing the latter, which comes with a row with her mother, leads her to reconcile with Johnny, a relationship Daphne has realized is what she should never have tried to orchestrate in the first place."] ["Srinivasan  is a owner of Ad Agency which is going on loss. To make his company stand up he expects a great project from big company Johnson and Johnson. During a meeting for project discussion Arjun  the art executive and a pet of Srinivasan, disappoints the clients with his mischief behaviour. To convince the clients who are reluctant to give the project to them, Srinivasan produces the ad at his own risk with his own money, on the agreement that the project will be accepted if done everything perfectly. The baby who actually scheduled to act in the ad gets sick and Arjun and his colleague Archana try to find a new baby urgently else shooting will be cancelled. Arjun finds a cute baby on the road and asks for acting in the ad to its mother who refuses to the proposal. While convincing, the mother faces an accident. Arjun admits her in the hospital and meanwhile takes the baby to the client and gets their approval. Arjun returns back to hospital to find the mother and found left without caring about the baby. Arjun takes the baby to the police station and discusses the issue with police friend. He then takes the baby to his home accompanied by Archana with him. The ad shooting is finished successfully but awaits client approval who demands written no objection agreement duly signed by the baby's parents within next three days to avoid future issues else the project will not approved and money spent will also not be compensated. Arjun and Archana find, that the lady, from whom actually Arjun took the baby is not its real mother rather a baby stealer. Both of them set to Pondicherry to search her to find who the baby's real parents are. They find her finally but the lady denies their charge of baby stealing. By some non-violent tortures they grab the details of the real parents. The lady stole the baby from the parents and she along with her boyfriend demand twenty lakh rupees from them to return to them and while on the mission she lost the baby to Arjun. The kidnapper diverts them saying that he is the real parent to Arjun and also orders the baby's parents to give them the money and pick up the kid in a separate remote place. Arjun and Archana arrives there and find that something wrong and runs away with the baby. Both of them are finally trapped among the kidnappers, parents and the police. The due date for handing over the agreement finally comes and Srinivasan unable to catch Arjun finally admits that he could not produce the agreement and therefore he quits from the project while Arjun and Archana arrives there with the document and finally project gets approved. Actually Arjun, Archana are misunderstood as kidnappers and are caught by police. They explain who they are and show the ad film taken with the baby. The parents are very much happy on getting back their baby and seeing their child in the ad and sign the no objection agreement. Arjun and Archana finally unite and romance each other"] ["It is spring. Randy Dean is a high school senior with poor grades, only one school friend , secret cigarette and marijuana habits and a cashier’s job at a gas station with Regina. She is pursuing a dead-end relationship with Wendy, a married woman who drops by the gas station when it pleases her. This often entails a follow-up visit from her jealous husband, Ali, who roughs Randy up and orders her to stay away from Wendy. One day Evie Roy stops in a pristine Range Rover, unsure if her tires need air. Randy recognizes her from school and talks to her for the first time. Evie is an only child living with her well-off, cultured mother, Evelyn, who has a difficult relationship with her  husband. Randy and Evie start passing notes in school and hanging out with each other, although Evie does not reveal this to her cliquish friends. They hang out in meadows, trading music  and talking. At the gas station, Randy rejects an angry Wendy, claiming she has a new girlfriend, Evie. Evie breaks up with her boyfriend after he complains of her distant attitude towards him. Later, apparently on a spur of the moment, she lends Randy a copy of Walt Whitman’s Leaves of Grass, which Randy starts to devour. Inviting Evie to her family’s small house for dinner, Randy reveals to her that she has lived with her lesbian aunt Rebecca and Rebecca's lover Vicky since Randy's mother abandoned her to devote all her time to an Operation Rescue-like group. On the front steps of Rebecca's house, they kiss for the first time. Evie records it in her diary later, apparently wondering what it all means. Randy and Evie experiment with how “out” they can be as lesbians, nervously holding hands at a local diner. Remembering Randy’s warning of how intolerant the town can be, Evie nevertheless breaks the news to her three closest friends. One girl is supportive , but the other two are hostile to the idea: one of them says, “God, Evie, if you were gonna turn gay you think you could at least choose someone who’s pretty.” Randy’s grades continue to plummet and the school warns her she will not graduate; Randy hides this information from Rebecca. When Evie’s mother leaves on a business trip, the girls take the opportunity to cook a huge meal, indulging in wine and marijuana. That night, they make love, then fall asleep in Evie’s mother’s bed. The next morning, Evelyn returns prematurely. The kitchen is a mess and used wine glasses are scattered about. Furiously searching the upstairs, she discovers the girls but does not recognize Randy as a girl until she runs past her on her way out. Meanwhile, Rebecca has learned that Randy will not be graduating high school, and she, Vicky and her ex-girlfriend Lena go to Frank’s house, where Randy had told them she would be staying the night. Rebecca threatens Frank until, panicked, he turns over Evie’s phone number. Rebecca calls, but Evie and Randy have already absconded and she is left talking to a furious Evelyn. Evie and Randy, crying, scared and accusatory, take refuge in a motel. Randy finally calls Wendy, who comes out, pays for the room and tries to comfort the girls. Ali sees her car in the parking lot, however, and comes bursting in, eventually attracting Evelyn, Rebecca, Vicky, Lena, Frank, and Evie’s three friends, who were driving past reading aloud from Rita Mae Brown’s Rubyfruit Jungle . The movie ends with Randy and Evie kissing and hugging in the open motel room doorway while everyone else argues in the background at top volume. Asked if she was aware how close the final shot was to a classic Hollywood romantic comedy, Maggenti said, {{cquote}}"] ["Sol  is a loser, heading towards his 20s, and he hasn't had a romantic relationship with a women in his entire life. Sure, he's slept with lots of them, including the excruciatingly obnoxious Tammie . But never anything more than a night. Sol's roommate Justin  is about to get married. He thinks he's happy, after being promoted from mailroom worker to the assistant of a snotty agent . The truth is, his wife  is a real bitch. But Sol hasn't given up, despite his parents'  insistence that he's next to nothing in the real world. These days he's hunting for a job as an actor, even though his visiting friend Happy , a well-endowed cowboy who gets all the ladies, is finding more acting jobs than Sol while standing around. Sol seems destined to fail, until his best female friend Chloe  decides to cheer him up. Sol could find love if he was really looking for it. But if his relationships are as successful as his job hunting, there probably isn't any hope at all.<ref nameComden, Danny |dateSol Goode|mediumLionsgate Home Entertainment}}"] ["In a Trieste gambling casino, the cynical Count Armalia  tells his friend Rudi Pal ([[Robert Young  that the only thing separating aristocrats from peasants is luck. Later, in a waterfront cafe, he decides to prove his point by offering the club's singer, Anni Pavlovitch , money and a wardrobe to stay at an upper class resort hotel in the Alps for two weeks and pose as his friend Anne Vivaldi, an aristocrat's daughter. When Anni first arrives, she meets Giulio , a philosophical postal clerk who has no desire for wealth. She also meets her old friend Maria , who is happy being a maid in the hotel and warns Anni not to become the victim of Armalia's joke on his friends. That evening, Anni attracts the attention of Rudi, who is dining with his fiancée, Maddalena Monti , her father, Admiral Monti , and Contessa di Meina . Rudi begins to fall in love with Anni, but she is more attracted to Giulio. Hoping to lure Rudi into proposing to her, Anni extends her stay beyond the two weeks while the Contessa, who has been suspicious of her from the beginning, wires Armalia for information on her. When the reply comes through the post office, Giulio reads it and learns the truth, but on the way to deliver it, he meets Anni, who goes to his cottage and realizes that she loves him, even though she still thinks that marriage to Rudi will bring her greater security. Later, she falls and Giulio loses the telegram going to help her. On the evening of an annual costume party at which the hotel guests dress as peasants, Anni snubs Giulio when he offers her flowers, but later confesses her love. She still plans to marry Rudi, though, whom she has finally gotten to propose, after refusing to be his mistress. The next day, Rudi tells Maddalena that he is in love with Anni and she steps aside, then suggests that they dine together that evening. While Maria helps Anni pack, she tells her that she no longer has a heart and that the gaudy red beaded dress she plans to wear is what she is really like. During dinner, Giulio delivers a copy of the telegram to the Contessa, who shows it to Rudi and the others. Maddalena is genuinely sympathetic, and Anni tells Rudi that he should marry his childhood sweetheart because she really is a lady. Finally, after being comforted by Maria, Anni realizes that Rudi did the right thing and she leaves the hotel after the manager demands payment of her bill. When she leaves, taking only her peasant costume from the ball, Giulio is happily waiting for her."] ['The film tells the story of a mob hit man  and hit woman  who fall in love, even though they have been hired to kill each other.'] ['The script, by Garson Kanin, concerns a naive young woman named Gladys Glover who yearns for fame. Strolling through Central Park, she meets a young handsome man named Pete Sheppard . He is a maker of documentaries . He is taking brief shots of people in the park. He films Gladys feeding pigeons, and introduces himself. In a rapid piece of exposition, we learn that she has been in New York for two years, has just lost her job as a model of girdles because her hip size is 3/4" larger than it should be, and still has the $1000 which she "saved up." We learn that she is discouraged at having gotten nowhere in two years and that she wants to make a name for herself. It is clear to the audience that Pete is much taken with Gladys. He gets her address by offering to drop her a postcard when the documentary is finished so she can see herself in it. "Really?" she says. "I\'d give my right arm to see myself in the movies." "You don\'t need to give me your right arm," says Lemmon, "just give me your right address." Pete encourages Gladys to follow her dreams: "Where there\'s a will there\'s a way, and where there\'s a way there is a will." They part. Wandering despondently, Gladys\' attention is caught by a large billboard overlooking Columbus Circle, with the notice "This space for rent. Choice location. Inquire Horace Pfeiffer Co, 383 Madison Avenue." She fantasizes her name on the billboard. Gathering her nerve, she goes to 383 Madison Avenue to inquire. The naive Gladys asks for "Mr. Horace Puh-feiffer," pronouncing the letter P, and is humiliated by the receptionist, who corrects her pronunciation and tells her there is no Mr. Pfeiffer. However, the determined Gladys obtains an interview with a busy man conducting a telephone conversation, who brusquely tells her that the sign is available, demands to know "whom she represents," and finally says "I\'m really too busy for this sort of thing." The spunky Gladys pulls $1000 in cash from her purse, complains that he is too "stuck up" to listen to her, asks "what sort of place treats people that way" and starts to leave. The representative relents and tells her that the sign is $210 per month, three months minimum. Gladys pays $630 in cash and arranges to have her name put on the billboard. Within a few days the sign is up and she is thrilled. It turns out, however, that the Adams Soap company has traditionally booked that sign, intended to book that sign, and is upset to learn that another client has obtained it. The Pfeiffer company calls her to a meeting where Evan Adams III  attempts to induce her to give up the sign by offering her more money. Gladys is simply not interested. She is called to another meeting at which they offer to give her six signs in exchange for that one. This time, she accepts. Now there are six huge signs in New York, one in lights, each saying simply "Gladys Glover." Meanwhile, Pete Sheppard has taken an apartment adjacent to hers, a move which does not seem to rouse Gladys\' curiosity, and they become platonic friends. Sheppard is, however, exasperated by her fascination with her signs and her requests that he tour the city with her to see them. Citygoers are intrigued by the mysterious signs. Gladys shops in a department store , and when she gives her name, the word spreads quickly and dozens of people flock around to get the autograph of the famous Gladys Glover. Soon, she is being asked to appear on television shows. However, the round of publicity starts takes an unpleasant turn. Gladys, has of course explains that she obtained the signs simply in order to "make a name for herself." She does not seem to be aware that she is being treated as a freak or figure of fun. Evan Adams III decides, however, that she is ripe for exploitation as "the average American girl," and hires her to do a series of advertisements for Adams Soap. As she pursues what is becoming a lucrative career, relations between her and Peter Sheppard become strained. At the same time, Adams is showing an increasing interest in her. The situation reaches a crisis when Gladys breaks a date with Sheppard in order to attend what Adams says is a business conference to discuss a cross-country publicity tour. The conference turns out to be an attempted seduction. As Adams reaches to embrace Gladys, she accidentally or intentionally spills a full glass of champagne down the back of Adams neck, breaking the spell. Gladys says "I don\'t mind the way you\'re acting, exactly. What I mind is the way you give the idea you\'re sort of entitled." "Maybe I am," says Adams. "Oh, sure, if you want to make it into a sort of business proposition." "That\'s what you\'re doing, isn\'t it?" asks Adams. Gladys says "The way it looks to me, Mr. Adams, is that there are two sorts of people. The people who will do anything to make a name for themselves, and the people who will do almost anything." She walks out, saying "Soon there will be signs all over saying I\'m the average American girl. That was your idea wasn\'t it? Well, I don\'t think the average American girl should do... this." She walks out. She arrives home to find a 16&nbsp;mm movie projector in her room with a note from Sheppard telling her to run it. A film plays, complete with titles and synchronized sound, entitled "Goodbye, Gladys," The charmingly self-deprecating Sheppard confesses that he loves Gladys, acknowledges that his profile is not as good looking as Adams, and says goodbye. Gladys\' advertising career continues. She finds its emptiness more and more frustrating. She recalls Sheppard\'s frequent questions as to why she wants to be above the crowd instead of being happy being part of the crowd. We find Sheppard in a cage at a zoo, where he is making a documentary showing how the visitors appear to the animals. He coaches the crowd to react to him as if he were a chimpanzee and he jumps around in the cage, filming the crowd, as they throw him peanuts. Suddenly the crowd\'s attention is distracted. We here the sound of an airplane and the crowd saying "Oooh" and turning away from the cage. The puzzled Sheppard looks upward and see that the plane has skywritten the message "PETE CALL GLADYS PLEASE." He grins, the film cuts to Gladys and Pete driving in a car and discussing plans for the future. Gladys spots an empty billboard with a message "THIS SPACE FOR RENT. Apply Acme Realty Co." "What are you looking at?" asks Pete. "Nothing." says Gladys. "Absolutely nothing."'] ["Twenty years ago Angar Chand  lived a wealthy lifestyle in a small town in India along with his wife, Parvati, and four sons, Balram , Kishan , Shakti ([[Arbaaz Khan  and Jai . Since Balram is of marriageable age, he arranges his marriage with the daughter of Laxmi Devi ([[Lakshmi , who decides to oppose this marriage. During the wedding ceremony, Laxmi Devi and her sons, Surajbhan, and Pratap forcibly remove their sister and accidentally kill Parvati. They subsequently get their sister married to Kashinath. An enraged Angar hacks Laxmi's husband to death, is arrested and sentenced to 14 years in prison. When he returns he makes it clear that women will not be permitted in his house, posting a sign on the front gate, and forbids his sons to ever marry. At the movie's beginning Angarchand and his sons prevent Anjali's marriage, , Laxmi's granddaughter. Jai humiliates Anjali when she returns to uday pratap Law College after her failed engagement. Laxmi convinces Anjali to trick Jai into falling in love with her to cause a rift in the family. Jai, meets with Anjali, who openly admits that she is attracted to him. Jai, at first rejects her, then decides to teach her and her family a lesson. Both feign their love for each other, but subsequently Anjali admits that she wanted to come close to Jai to extract vengeance, as well as Jai admitting his agenda. Both go their separate ways, but find that they are indeed in love with each other. In order to get wed, Jai must first convince his elder brothers to get married albeit in vain as none of them even want to consider this option. Then Lucky , Jai's friend, finds out that Kishan, a seemingly celibate Bhagwan Hanuman's devotee, is leading a dual life as Murari, who has been married to a woman, Gopi , from Gangapur, for 7 years and has two children, a son and a daughter. When Angar finds out he kicks Kishan and Jai out of his house because Jai supports Kishan's marriage. A marriage is finalized for Anjali with a son of advocate of Laxmi, but after Jai and Anjali acknowledge their love for each other to her family, Pratap and Surajbhan approach Angar to help them stop Jai from disrupting this marriage on one hand, while Laxmi tells Jai to marry Anjali - setting off confrontations between the estranged sons and father. Jai, Kishan and his wife Gopi, and Lucky sneak into the wedding festival with the help of Anjali's uncle Veeru. Jai is dressed as the bridegroom and successfully completes the wedding ceremony. Once Laxmi recognizes Jai in disguise, she confronts Angar to cut his own son's throat. Jai tells his father he won't go through with the wedding without his approval. Balram the oldest of the brothers finally tells Jai to place the wedding necklace on Anjali's neck which finalizes the wedding. The necklace is grabbed from Jai's hands and a race goes throughout the wedding hall chasing Jai to stop him, but in the end Jai succeeds and the marriage is completed. Anjali asks her grandmother to stop the feud their families and Jai asks his father for forgiveness. Angar leaves the wedding and contemplates all his sons actions on the way home. All brothers and the two wives arrive and the gate. Angar looks at his sons and takes the sign off the gate and finally welcomes women back into his family."] ['Jeab, a young man working in Bangkok, receives word that his best friend from childhood, Noi-Naa is to be married. While driving back to his hometown, the memories of his friendship with her come flooding back, and their story is told in a flashback. Jeab and Noi-Naa live in a small city in Thailand. Their fathers are rival barbers, with shops situated next to each other, with only a sweet shop to separate them. Jeab\'s father favors efficiency and uses an electric trimmer. Noi-Naa\'s father, meanwhile, has a more contemplative, artistic approach, and uses scissors. Jeab notes that the results of both methods seem to be the same.  The school holiday is ended. Jeab is notorious for oversleeping, so that each day he misses the school bus and must be driven part way by his father on a motorcycle. By taking a shortcut, Jeab and his father are able to catch up to the bus, but only just in time. On the bus, other boys are introduced. Their ringleader is an overweight bully named Jack. On the bus, the children talk about what they are going to do after school. The boys decide they will play Chinese fantasy characters, while the girls plan to play "house". Because Jeab must cross a busy street to play with the boys, and he fears getting hit by a car, he stays to play with the girls, which makes him the target of much taunting by Jack and the other boys. Then, one day, Jack and his friends are playing soccer against a rival neighborhood gang. They are one player short. Jeab happens to be hanging around, and he\'s asked to join the game, proving his abilities. He earns the trust of Jack\'s gang, and passes various tests in order to join. But the one thing he must do is sever his ties to Noi-Naa. Jeab does so, quite literally, by cutting a rubber-band jump rope, which Noi-Naa is skilled at playing with. From that moment on, Noi-Naa refuses to talk to Jeab. Then, one day, Jeab gets word that Noi-Naa is moving away. And, of course, on the day she is to leave, Jeab oversleeps and misses the chance to say his final goodbye to Noi-Naa. Jeab then gets Jack and his friends to commandeer a delivery motorcycle and pursue Noi-Naa and her family in their moving truck. But the motorcycle breaks down, and the truck rolls out of sight. Jeab is to never see Noi-Naa again ... until her wedding.'] ['Desk Set takes place at the "Federal Broadcasting Network" . Bunny Watson  is in charge of its reference library, which is responsible for researching and answering questions on all manner of topics, such as the names of Santa\'s reindeer. She has been involved for seven years with rising network executive Mike Cutler , with no marriage in sight. The network is negotiating a merger with another company, but is keeping it secret. To help the employees cope with the extra work that will result, the network head has ordered two computers . Richard Sumner , the inventor of EMERAC  and an efficiency expert, is brought in to see how the library functions, to figure out how to ease the transition. Though extremely bright, as he gets to know Bunny, he is surprised to discover that she is every bit his match. When they find out the computers are coming, the employees jump to the conclusion the machines are going to replace them, whereas they are merely intended to help ease the research. Their fears seem to be confirmed when everyone on the staff receives a pink slip printed out by the new payroll computer. Fortunately, it turns out to be a mistake; the machine fired everybody in the company, including the president.'] ["Mill worker and political activist Leopold Dilg  is accused of burning down a mill and causing the death of a foreman in the fire. In the middle of his trial, Dilg escapes from jail and seeks shelter in a house owned by former schoolmate Nora Shelley , now a schoolteacher on whom he has had a crush for years. Shelley has the house rented for the summer to distinguished law professor Michael Lightcap , who plans to write a book. Both Lightcap and Dilg arrive within minutes of each other. When Dilg is spotted by Lightcap, Shelley passes him off as her gardener. Lightcap and Dilg enjoy having spirited discussions about the law, Lightcap arguing from an academic viewpoint, while Dilg subscribes to a more practical approach. They become good friends as a result, but meanwhile they become romantic rivals, as Lightcap also falls in love with Nora. As a result of prodding by Shelley and Dilg's lawyer, Lightcap becomes suspicious and starts, in spite of his initial reluctance, to investigate further. He romances the girlfriend of the supposed murder victim and discovers that the former foreman is still alive and hiding in Boston. He is 'persuaded' to return to town and admit his guilt and that of the mill owner. Lightcap also convinces Dilg of the importance of following the law and Dilg gives himself up. In due course, he is set free. Soon afterward, Lightcap is appointed to the Supreme Court. He asks Shelley to marry him. Dilg tells Shelley that Lightcap's a fine man, but she decides in favor of Dilg."] ['It has been six months since Laida Magtalas won the heart of her prince charming Miggy Montenegro and it has been nothing but good. Laida got promoted from executive assistant to account executive, while Miggy has been doing well as he is being mentored by his older brother Art Montenegro. Laida had gotten an offer from her aunt in Canada where she is being given a good recommendation in order for her to work there. Miggy\'s father vouched for his promotion as general manager of the family\'s industrial laundry business in Laguna but this also prompted a few hesitations from Art. The promotion proved difficult for the couple\'s relationship as time was very constraint and the relationship suffers from the pressures of being apart. This is only aggravated by Macoy, who Miggy is jealous of, as they become close once again. Macoy is Laida\'s long time friend who she had a fall-out with when Macoy did not keep his promise to her by going to the same college.Things went further haywire when Miggy had to fix a few issues in the plant when he accepted orders from his brother Art\'s ex-girlfriend, Christina. Her company\'s demand volume was too much for their man-power thus making some workers unhappy which lead to a labour strike. His father stepped in and help resolve the issue but Miggy had to set expectations to the clients affected by the strike. Those business meetings that preceded prompted Miggy to almost miss a wedding that Laida and him would go to. He got there late and saw Laida crying with Macoy beside her, emotions clashed between the two and they decided to cool-off for the time being. The industrial laundry business soon was working in optimum efficiency which made his brother trust him more, to the point of having him take over the family telecom stake in China. In the Montenegro group of companies annual general meeting, Laida saw Miggy for the first time after the argument, laida simply said "Good Morning Sir", then left the venue right away. At the actual meeting, Miggy was announced as the officer in charge of the telecoms business. Macoy talked sense to Laida to go back and pursue Miggy. She met Miggy in the garden where she said she still loved him, Miggy suggested that it will be a more challenging time for them, but he also said he loved her. The two share a ten-second kiss which Laida times.'] ['André , a Frenchman divorced from his wife, takes his teenage daughter, Nicole , on vacation with him. She is desperate to appear as a woman and not a girl, so in order to impress a local boy Ben , she makes up more and more ridiculous stories, starting with André being her lover and leading to some bizarre assumptions by the rest of the community. André is desperate to make Nicole happy  and so plays along with her crazy games, and the stories they make up get increasingly bizarre.'] ['As the story opens, Jenna Rink  is an unpopular girl celebrating her 13th birthday on May 26, 1987, who wishes to be 30 in hopes that it would help her overcome her unpopularity at school. Jenna especially wants to join the "Six Chicks", a school clique led by Lucy "Tom-Tom" Wyman , who takes advantage of Jenna\'s desire to fit in by manipulating her. Jenna\'s best friend, Matt Flamhaff , gives her a doll dream house he built for her and a packet of "magic wishing dust" for her birthday, which is sprinkled on the roof of the house. Tom-Tom dashes Jenna\'s hopes of joining the Six Chicks by pulling a cruel practical joke on her during a game of "Seven Minutes in Heaven". Jenna, mistakenly thinking Matt was responsible, yells at him and barricades herself in the closet where she put the Dream House. She cries and rocks backs and forth, bumping into the wall, wishing to be "30, flirty, and thriving". The wishing dust from the dollhouse sprinkles on her, and seconds later, Jenna awakens as a 30-year-old woman  living in a Fifth Avenue apartment, without her friends or family. It is now 2004, but Jenna has no memory of the 17 years that have passed since her 13th birthday. 30-year-old Jenna\'s best friend, Lucy  , drives her to her work office. Soon, Jenna discovers she works for Poise, her favorite fashion magazine when she was a teenager. Missing her best friend from 1987, Jenna asks her assistant to track down Matt. To her dismay, Jenna learns she and "Matty" have been estranged since high school when Jenna fell in with the in-crowd, and that Matt  is now engaged. After Jenna overhears Lucy badmouthing her to a co-worker, she sadly realizes that what she thought she wanted wasn\'t important after all. This is complicated by the fact that Jenna has become a shadow of her former self. She has lost almost all contact with her parents, and she is having an affair with the husband of a colleague. Not only is she generally hated by her co-workers and anyone else she has worked with, she is suspected of giving her magazine\'s ideas to a rival publication, Sparkle. Jenna slowly realizes that the person she has become is neither trustworthy nor likable, and unknowingly begins to reverse the situation by distancing herself from her new, shallow boyfriend. However, Lucy is determined to steal Jenna\'s position, so she frames Jenna. From this point on, all of Jenna\'s work to rebuild her life as a thirty year old woman has gone to waste. Jenna heads back to her hometown in New Jersey and, while her parents are out, hides in the same closet as 17 years before and cries. Her parents return and find her hiding, and they welcome her in for the night. The next day, she reminisces by looking through school yearbooks and other items from her school days and catch-up on the 17 years she doesn\'t remember. These inspire her on her return to Manhattan. Over several outings and working together on a magazine project, Jenna becomes friends with Matt again. Although Matt is engaged and Jenna has a boyfriend, they kiss during a nighttime walk. After arranging a magazine photo shoot with Matt, then making a successful presentation for a planned revamp for Poise, Jenna prepares for the revamp when she gets bad news from the publisher: Poise is shutting down because the work she put into the relaunch ended up in Sparkle. Jenna learns she was responsible for sabotaging Poise from within by sending their material to Sparkle for months. When Lucy learns this, she cons Matt into signing over the photo rights from the relaunch shoot to her. She accepts the position of Sparkle editor-in-chief, using Jenna\'s work as her own, similar to what she did when the girls were in middle school. When an already-distraught Jenna discovers Matt is getting married that day, she rushes to his house and begs him to call off the wedding. Dazed, Matt realizes he loves Jenna, but cannot change the past. From his closet, he pulls the "dream house" he made 17 years before and gives it back to her. Jenna leaves in tears, crying over the dream house. Unbeknownst to Jenna, specks of wishing dust remain on the dream house, and she wishes she was 13 again. When she opens her eyes, she finds herself back in the closet of the basement at her parents\' house, 13 years old again. When Matt comes to check on her, she jumps on top of him and they kiss. Being now true to herself, 17 years later, Jenna and Matt are married and live in a house which resembles the dollhouse. It is unknown whether she remembers her past adventure in what might have been her future, but is clearly happy with her life with Matt. What happens to Lucy is also unclear, but it can be presumed she is working at Poise, with an unsecure life.'] ['Marianne Faithfull sings "The Ballad of Lucy Jordan" over the opening credit sequence. Marilyn Jordan  is a bored, depressed American housewife, married to a rich Swedish businessman with two seemingly perfect children. She tries to "spice up" her existence by surprising the family when she eats their entire dinner, setting the bedclothes on fire and poisoning the pet dog\'s milk and then advising it not to drink . Eventually Martin, Marilyn\'s husband, decides to show her to a psychiatrist, but that only serves to further her frustration. One day, when she decides to accompany her husband on a business trip, Marilyn gets detained by security at the airport on a technicality. After missing her plane, she is befriended by a group of gypsies and is taken to a club they run, bearing the odd name of "Zanzi-Bar." There, Marilyn indulges in their fantastic, surreal world of shovel fighting, lamb roasting, striptease and free love. It all culminates with Marilyn having a passionate fling with a young man named Montenegro  who works in a zoo. After spending the night with Montenegro, Marilyn realizes that even though she adores this world, she is a stranger in it. Completely snapping upon this realization, she kills the young man and returns home. Once there, she serves her family a gourmet dinner, followed by a light dessert of fruit... that turns out to be poisoned. The final intertitle states: "The story was based on real events".'] ["Mahesh  is a thug in Thanjavur. His only ambition is emerge as the Number 1 rowdy with his name topping the list of wanted criminals in the local police station. He is called 'Yamakunji' by his friends for he wants to send fear in the spine of his opponents. He indulges in all unlawful activities to achieve his mission. But for his mother , he is the best son on earth. She earns her livelihood running an idly shop. Mahesh meets Mythili , a school student and daughter of a bus conductor . Though Mahesh is hated by all, Mythili falls for him. However, Mythili's father opposes their affair. Things take a turn when Karuppu Balu , the number one rowdy in the area comes out of the jail. Mahesh incurs the wrath of aspiring MLA for no fault of his. Things take a turn, when Mythili elopes from her house and Mahesh is forced to kill Balu. The movie ends with a strong message."] ["Robin Monroe , a New York journalist working for Dazzle, a fashion magazine, is invited by her boyfriend Frank  to spend a week holiday with him on the island paradise of Makatea in the South Pacific. The final leg of their journey to Makatea is in a small dilapidated aircraft  piloted by middle-aged American Quinn Harris . They are accompanied by Quinn's girlfriend and co-pilot Angelica . On their first night on the island, Quinn makes a move on Robin which she rejects as Frank appears. Later that night, Frank proposes to her and she happily accepts resulting in their engagement. The next morning Robin, a workaholic, is called away to Tahiti by her boss, to supervise a fashion event. She hires Quinn to fly her there, but an unexpected thunderstorm forces them to crash-land on a deserted island. Robin is completely distraught that they are the only ones on the island with no communication, no food and no shelter and may be like this for a long time. Initially believing they are on a peninsula rather than an island, they try to find the non existent connection to the mainland. Then believing they are on a different island, they climb a mountain to disable a beacon Quinn believes to be there. But they are unsuccessful as they are on the wrong island. The air-sea rescue team, accompanied by Angelica and Frank, try to find Quinn and Robin, but are unable to do so. Fighting for survival on the island, Quinn and Robin inadvertently become witnesses to modern-day piracy. The pirates discover this and chase Quinn and Robin. Meanwhile, Angelica and Frank are forging their own relationship. One night, thinking that Robin is dead and he will never see her again, Frank gets drunk and sleeps with Angelica. The vast majority of the film deals with the adventures  of Quinn and Robin as they try to escape the island, evade the pirates, survive in the island's jungle wilderness, and repair Quinn's plane so it can take off. In the process, Quinn and Robin fall in love, despite their initial dislike towards one another. After evading the pirates several times, Robin and Quinn are finally discovered. After a narrow escape, Quinn and Robin eventually succeed in getting the plane airworthy again and they fly back to Makatea, just in time for their funerals. Frank is very happy to see Robin alive but is disgusted at himself for sleeping with Angelica and not being able to tell Robin about it. After their arrival, Robin goes to the hospital where Quinn is recovering and tells him about her feelings but he rejects her saying that due to their professional and personal lives, they can't be together. Robin then decides to go back to New York with Frank but at the airport finds she unable to do so. Frank finally tells her about sleeping with Angelica and she tells him about her feelings for Quinn. They decide they aren't in love and she gives him back the engagement ring. Meanwhile, Quinn has had a change of heart and rushes to the airport, but is too late to stop the plane. He then encounters Robin getting out of an airplane, having stopped the flight telling the crew that she just couldn't go. He walks up to her and finally reciprocates her feelings for him. The movie ends with Quinn and Robin embracing and kissing each other."] ["George Apley  is a stuffy, self-satisfied member of Boston's upper class, supremely confident of the superiority of his hometown. However, his comfortable, predictable world is overturned when he learns, to his horror, that both his son and his daughter have fallen in love with non-Bostonians. However, he is eventually brought around to see reason."] ['{{plot}} In 1821, Napoleon Bonaparte , after six years in exile on the isle of St. Helena, has a plan to escape. Switching places with lowly French deckhand Eugene Lenormand , Napoleon will make his way to Paris, at which time Eugene will announce the switch, allowing Napoleon to reclaim his throne. However, the plan quickly goes awry: the ship Napoleon is serving on abruptly changes its itinerary and docks in Belgium instead of France. Having to make his way to France by land , he is finally met at the French border by a loyal agent, Sgt. Bommell , formerly of the French Imperial Guard. Bommell gives him the name of another agent in Paris he can trust, Lt. Truchaut. Arriving in Paris, Napoleon is surprised to find that Truchaut has recently died. Passing himself off as an old comrade of the Lieutenant, Napoleon accepts the hospitality of Truchaut\'s widow, Nicole, whom everyone calls "Pumpkin" , and makes the acquaintance of her other lodger, Dr. Lambert  and her adopted young son, Gerard. The crucial flaw in the plan reveals itself when, back on St. Helena, Eugene decides he likes living in the relative luxury of Napoleon\'s exile, and refuses to reveal the switch. Napoleon\'s French entourage find themselves unexpectedly powerless, as Eugene stuffs his face with sweets, dictates his own bawdy version of Napoleon\'s official memoirs, and even manages to convince his British captors that he is the true Napoleon. With no news from St. Helena, Napoleon is drawn into Pumpkin\'s life. When her fruit-selling business is on the brink of failure, he applies his own talents for planning and organization, and the business becomes prosperous again. As affection develops between Napoleon and Pumpkin, Dr. Lambert, who had designs on Pumpkin himself, jealously searches for some kind of dirt on "Eugene." Going through his bedroom, Lambert is shocked to find a small cameo portrait of Napoleon\'s young son, and realizes who "Eugene" really is. On St. Helena, Eugene abruptly drops dead of some kind of stomach complaint . Quickly realizing that the dead man on the island is not Napoleon, the British garrison commander lays out their options: either they announce the fraud, and commit themselves to heinous punishment, or else they maintain that "what we have here is a dead emperor" and so everything is well. When "Napoleon\'s" death is announced throughout France, the real Napoleon abruptly remembers his original plan and announces to Pumpkin that it is time for him to take his rightful place on the French throne. To his fury, Pumpkin is horrified and dismisses him as a delusional lunatic, pleading with him that she loves Eugene, and hates Napoleon. With no loyalist agent in Paris to vouch for his identity, Napoleon finds himself an Emperor without an army, or a friend. He is reduced to going to Dr. Lambert, who he realizes stole the portrait, and demanding it back. When he demands to be told "who I am," Lambert retorts, "I will show you." In revenge for being beaten to Pumpkin\'s affections, Lambert lures Napoleon onto the grounds of a sanitorium, where it seems every patient is dressed up as Napoleon, and pretending to be him. Lambert withdraws, expecting the real Napoleon to be rounded up by the attendants, but a shaken Napoleon escapes the grounds by climbing over the wall, suffering a nasty cut on his hand from the chevaux de frise on top. Lambert drops the cameo down a sewer grate. Emotionally and physically exhausted, Napoleon returns home to Pumpkin\'s house. She lovingly tends his wounds, and whispers in his ear, "you are my Napoleon." While Gerard is looking at a pictorial account of Napoleon\'s life on a magic lantern, Napoleon tells him the story of what really happened. It seems that Gerard, if no one else, believes Napoleon\'s story. Deciding that he is happiest living a simple life with Pumpkin, Napoleon destroys all his mementos of his former life, except his old Imperial Guard uniform, which he leaves at the local military post as a gift for Sgt. Bommell, with a message that "Eugene Lenormand has moved on." An after-note states that Napoleon Bonaparte lived out the rest of his life in Paris and was buried next to Pumpkin; while Eugene Lenormand\'s body was brought back to Paris and interred in Napoleon\'s tomb.'] ['Sam Baldwin, a Chicago architect, loses his wife Maggie to cancer. He and his young son Jonah start new lives in Seattle, but Sam still grieves. 18 months later, on Christmas Eve 1992, Jonah&mdash;who wants his father to find a new wife&mdash;calls into a talk radio show. Jonah persuades Sam to go on the air to talk about how much he misses Maggie. Hundreds of women from around the country hear the program, and touched by the story, write to Sam. One of the listeners is Annie Reed, a Baltimore Sun reporter. She is engaged to Walter but feels there is something missing from their relationship. After watching the film An Affair to Remember, Annie impulsively writes a letter suggesting that Sam meet her on top of the Empire State Building on Valentine\'s Day. She does not intend to mail it, but her friend and editor Becky does it for her and agrees to send Annie to Seattle to "look into doing a story on those radio shows." Sam begins dating a coworker, Victoria, whom Jonah dislikes. Jonah, a baseball fan, reads Annie\'s letter and likes that it mentions the Baltimore Orioles but fails to convince his father to go to New York to meet Annie. On the advice of his friend Jessica, Jonah replies to Annie agreeing to the New York meeting. While dropping Victoria off at the airport for a flight, Sam sees Annie exiting from her plane and is taken by her, although he has no idea who she is. Annie watches Sam and Jonah playing on the beach together but mistakes Sam\'s sister Suzy for his girlfriend. He recognizes her from the airport and says "Hello", but Annie can only respond with another "hello" before fleeing. She decides she is being foolish and goes to New York to meet Walter for Valentine\'s Day. With Jessica\'s help, Jonah flies to New York without his father\'s permission, and goes to the Empire State Building in search of Annie. Jonah goes to observation deck and asks every unattached woman if she is Annie. Sam, distraught, follows Jonah and finds him on the observation deck. Meanwhile, Annie has seen the skyscraper from the Rainbow Room where she is dining with Walter and confesses her doubts to him. They amicably end their engagement. She rushes to the Empire State Building but the observation deck has closed. Annie convinces the guard to allow her to go to observation deck  and arrives just moments after the doors to the down elevator close with Sam and Jonah inside. In spite of the observation deck being deserted, Annie convinces the elevator operator to let her take a quick look around. She discovers a backpack that Jonah has left behind. As she pulls out Jonah\'s teddy bear from the backpack, Sam and Jonah emerge from the elevator, and the three meet for the first time. Annie asks Jonah if the teddy bear is his, and he says it is. "Are you Annie?" Jonah asks. She nods yes, and Jonah smiles. "You\'re Annie," says a stunned Sam. The elevator operator clears his throat. Sam indicates they should go, momentarily making it unclear what his intentions are, until he says "Shall we?", offers his hand to Annie, and the three go down the elevator together.'] ["Set in Southern California, the movie opens with Ronald graduating high school as the school’s “most brilliant scholar”. At his graduation, Ronald speaks on “the Curse of the Athlete”, arguing that books are more important than athletics. Ronald decides to follow Mary, who rejected him because she loves athletes more than book worms, to Clayton which the dean describes as an “athlete-infested college”. Hoping to impress Mary, Ronald tries out for the baseball and track and field teams but proves to be totally inept at them. At the same time, he attempts to work jobs as a soda jerk and as a waiter in blackface while trying to keep these jobs a secret from Mary. Eventually the dean asks Ronald why his grades are suffering. After Ronald explains the situation, the dean empathizes with him and orders the rowing coach to make Ronald the coxswain in the upcoming competition. The coach tries to sabotage Ronald by slipping him a sleeping potion so he cannot compete, but the potion is accidentally consumed by the team's other coxswain instead. Despite Ronald capsizing the boat, pulling the rudder off the boat mid-race, and causing collisions with other boats, the Clayton team wins the race. Meanwhile, Mary starts to appreciate Ronald’s futile efforts to impress her. However, on the day of the competition Jeff, Mary’s jock boyfriend, gets kicked out of college and takes her hostage in her room in an effort to get her kicked out also to get her to marry him. In the end, she manages to contact Ronald by telephone, who in a sudden show of athleticism sprints to her dormatory, pole vaults into her window, and fights off Jeff by throwing household objects at him. Mary agrees to marry Ronald and they live the rest of their lives together."] ['{{plot}} In 1964, Guy Patterson  is a jazz drummer who works at his family\'s Erie, Pennsylvania appliance store. Jimmy Mattingly  and Lenny Haise  ask Guy to sit in with their band at the annual Mercyhurst College talent show, because their regular drummer  has broken his arm. The group rehearses a ballad titled "That Thing You Do". Jimmy\'s girlfriend, Faye Dolan , is inspired by Guy\'s performance at rehearsal, and suggests that the group call themselves "The Oneders" . At the talent show, Guy launches into a faster tempo for "That Thing You Do" than in rehearsal and the audience goes wild for the song. Jimmy scolds Guy for playing "too fast", but Lenny heartily approves of the change. The Oneders win the $100 top prize and obtain their first paying gig at a local pizza parlor. With the help of Guy\'s Uncle Bob , they begin selling a single of "That Thing You Do", which attracts the attention of local manager Phil Horace ([[Chris Ellis . Horace signs them to bigger gigs and arranges local airplay of the single, increasing the band\'s appeal. At a Pittsburgh gig, record company A&R representative Mr. White  offers the band a development contract with Play-Tone Records. The boys sign the contract, and White changes their band name to "The Wonders" to avoid further confusion. The Wonders and "costume mistress" Faye tour state fairs across the Midwest during the summer with other Play-Tone artists, during which Guy and Faye grow closer. "That Thing You Do" enters and climbs the Billboard Top&nbsp;100. The Wonders go from being the opening act to the feature attraction, and throngs of teenage girls mob the band. When "That Thing You Do" enters the Top&nbsp;10, Play-Tone sends the band to Hollywood to meet Sol Siler , the label\'s founder. On the flight, Faye comes down with a mild case of flu and only Guy seems solicitous of her comfort. The Wonders appear in a low-budget beach movie. This and Siler\'s apparent disdain for the band disillusions Jimmy, whose lack of interest in anything that does not advance his recording career causes friction with White and with the other band members. The bass player, who had planned to join the Marines at the end of summer, leaves the band with a group of Marines he met at their hotel and never returns. White brings in an experienced studio bassist to join The Wonders for a live performance on a prestigious national television variety show. During the broadcast, the caption "Careful girls, he\'s engaged!" is superimposed beneath Jimmy\'s closeup.This is an homage to a similar incident involving John Lennon during The Beatles appearance on The Ed Sullivan Show Jimmy is visibly upset by this, and disrupts the Wonders\' post-broadcast celebration by demanding to know who suggested that he and Faye are engaged. Jimmy tells Faye that he does not intend to marry her in front of the band, White, and Lenny\'s girlfriend. Faye ends their relationship. The others quickly exit, and Guy condemns Jimmy for his treatment of Faye. Lenny is absent from the next day\'s recording session. White prepares to find another studio musician to fill in, but Jimmy resists White\'s plan to cover songs from the Play-Tone catalog instead of Jimmy\'s original ballads. White explains that their Play-Tone contract specifies the content of the album: one original song per side, with the balance consisting of corporate-owned material, but the original songs must be "snappy", not ballads. Jimmy quits the band and storms out of the studio. White tells Guy that The Wonders are in breach of contract, a "very common tale" he has seen reenacted with countless bands. White reassures Guy, but tells him that The Wonders will have to vacate their hotel that afternoon. Guy is bolstered when his idol, jazz pianist Del Paxton , who overheard Guy\'s impromptu drum solo, suggests that they record a duet. Guy later tells Faye that Del thinks he has potential as a studio musician. Faye tells Guy she plans on returning to Erie, and Guy finally takes the opportunity to declare his feelings for her. Captions preceding the credits detail the subsequent lives of the band members. Guy and Faye marry, raise four children and start a music conservatory where Guy teaches jazz composition. Jimmy records three gold albums with a new band on the Play-Tone label and becomes a successful record producer. Lenny manages a casino in Laughlin, Nevada. The unnamed bass player  is awarded the Purple Heart for wounds sustained at Khe Sanh and becomes a building contractor.'] ['Tom and Gerry Jeffers  are a married couple in New York City who are down on their luck financially, which is pushing the marriage to an end. But there is another, deeper problem with their relationship, one that is hinted at in the prologue of the movie as the opening credits roll and then explained near the movie\'s end. In the prologue Claudette Colbert appears bound and gagged in a closet, but then a second later in a wedding dress, seen by a maid who faints at every disturbance. The movie reveals much later that Colbert is playing identical twins, both of whom are in love with the intended groom played by Joel McCrea. The sister of the bride has just tied her up in an attempt to steal the wedding for herself. The pantomime is cross-cut with action showing McCrea hurriedly changing from one formal suit to another in the car as he rushes to the church. McCrea also is playing twins and the sibling is likewise in love with the tied up sister. He too is trying to steal the wedding. The end result is that the two siblings, not the original bride or groom, are married, and those two were not in love with each other. The two remain married from 1937 until 1942 where the film resumes. Gerry decides that Tom would be better off if they split up. She packs her bags; takes some money offered to her the Wienie King ([[Robert Dudley , a strange but rich little man who is thinking of renting the Jeffers\' apartment; and boards a train for Palm Beach, Florida. There she plans to get a divorce and meet a wealthy second husband who can help Tom. On the train, she meets the eccentric John D. Hackensacker III , one of the richest men in the world.  Because of an encounter with the wild and drunken millionaire members of the Ale and Quail hunting club, Gerry loses all her luggage; after making do with clothing scrounged from other passengers, she is forced to accept Hackensacker\'s extravagant charity. They leave the train and go on a shopping spree for everything from lingerie to jewelry &ndash; Hackensacker minutely noting the cost of everything in a little notebook, which he never bothers to add up &ndash; and make the remainder of the trip to Palm Beach on Hackensacker\'s yacht named The Erl King. Tom follows Gerry to Palm Beach by air, also with the impromptu financial assistance of the Wienie King. When Tom meets Hackensacker, Gerry introduces him as her brother, Captain McGlue. Soon, Hackensacker falls for Gerry, while his often-married, man-hungry sister, Princess Centimillia , chases Tom, although her last lover, Toto , is still following her around. To help further his suit with Gerry, Hackensacker agrees to invest in Tom\'s scheme to build an airport suspended over a city by wires. Tom finally persuades Gerry to give their marriage another chance, and they confess their masquerade to their disappointed suitors. Even though he is disappointed, Hackensacker intends to go through with his investment in the suspended airport, since he thinks it is a good business deal and he never lets anything get in the way of business. Then, when Tom and Gerry reveal that they met because they are both identical twins &ndash; a fact which explains the opening sequence of the film &ndash; Hackensacker and his sister are elated. The final scene shows Hackensacker and Gerry\'s sister, and the Princess and Tom\'s brother, getting married. The film ends where it began after the prologue, with the words "And they lived happily ever after...or did they?" on title cards.'] ["Ranjit Rai  and Harbanslal  are two wealthy business magnates who absolutely despise poor people. They think poor people are like insects who spread germs and disease and contaminate the earth with filthiness. They decide their children, Ajay  and Madhu , would marry wealthy spouses because they hate poor people. They also try to break their children's friendship with Raja  and Kajal  who are poor. One day Ajay spots Kajal and crashes into Madhu's car, creating chaos between Raja and Madhu. Ajay and Kajal fall in love and meet up in Ooty, where Ajay was supposed to go to see Madhu. Raja decides to go to Ooty too as he wanted to tease Madhu over there. There, Madhu put Raja and Ajay in a car with no brakes and Raja decided to get revenge by scaring Madhu into thinking they were dead and their ghosts were going to kill her. This upsets Madhu and she slaps Raja. An angry Raja decides to go back home but Madhu stops him and they kiss each other, eventually falling in love. The next day, their fathers are waiting for Madhu and Ajay . However, they find Ajay with Kajal and Madhu with Raja. This angers them and they try very hard to separate the couples. They try to bribe them and when that doesn't work they try to kill Kajal and Raja. They even deceivingly get Ajay and Madhu to sign a marriage certificate which indicates that they are lawfully married to each other. When the children realize what their fathers really did, they refuse to back down. Eventually, the parents play a nasty trick. They trick the lovers into believing that they have changed their ways and are ready for their children to get married to their lovers as they had wished. But at their engagement ceremony, the fathers show pictures of Raja and Kajal acting very intimate with each other. Raja and Kajal are willing to prove their innocence, but the fathers are determined to keep them away. To make matters worse, Kajal's uncle falsely testifies to the fabricated illicit affair between Raja and Kajal and says that she has also aborted his baby twice. In fact, Kajal's uncle was paid to lie in front of Ajay and Madhu. Ajay and Madhu break up with Kajal and Raja, thus their fathers' plan to separate the lovers and create a rift between Ajay and Raja succeeds. The situation worsens further when Ajay and Madhu think that Kajal is pregnant with Raja's child again as they saw them walking out of a maternity hospital. They go to Raja's house where they see Kajal lying on a bed and sarcastically tell her congrats about her pregnancy. They also tell Raja and Kajal that they are getting married. After hearing about this, Kajal tries to kill herself. But Raja stops her. He then goes to punish those people who caused them misery and ill-fate. He tries to rape Madhu, but Ajay stops him and the police come along with Ajay and Madhu's fathers and arrest him. The police beat Raja brutally and Kajal goes to plead for him to be released from jail. The fathers agree to let him go but on a condition that Kajal and Raja must leave the country for good. Kajal agrees to do so and Raja is set free. Raja refuses to leave the country but Kajal eventually convinces him to do so. Ajay and Madhu's wedding is about to start when Ajay's uncle suddenly shuts the light and shows them pictures which prove that Raja and Kajal are in fact innocent and that the fathers played the dirty trick in order to separate the lovers and get their children to marry each other. Kajal's uncle also testifies that he was paid by the fathers to lie about Raja and Kajal. Ajay tries to kill his father but his conscience stops him. He then tries to kill himself but Madhu stops him. She tells him that this is not the time to repent for their mistakes. This is the time to ask for forgiveness from Raja and Kajal. Ajay's uncle tells them that they should hurry because Raja and Kajal are about to leave the country. Ajay and Madhu rush to the shipyard but the crewman stops them. Ajay pleads his case to the crewman and the crewman agrees to let him go. Fortunately, Ajay and Madhu succeed to stop Raja and Kajal just in time and they ask for forgiveness. Raja and Kajal forgive them and they get back together. Then the fathers show up and ask for forgiveness. The lovers forgive them as they realize that this time indeed the fathers have realized their mistake and the film ends on a happy note."] ['Julie , a successful Manhattan reporter-turned-columnist in her mid-40s believes she has it all - a great job, a rent controlled apartment, a boyfriend  and best of all, an adorable six-year-old son named Jake, whom she conceived via an anonymous sperm donor. Her perfect world, however, is rocked when she’s called in for an emergency parent-teacher conference and learns that her son has been acting up, needs to be ‘tested,’ and is on the brink of expulsion. Overwhelmed, Julie instinctively blames herself easily since her mother  has made her feel inadequate for not being a stay-at-home mom. Julie, however, will not concede that her mother could be right, so she places genetic blame on Jake’s anonymous father. Through a private investigator, Julie learns the identity of the donor and meets him – Paul , a struggling actor and law school dropout. Julie has neither intention nor desire to reveal her identity to him, she simply needs to check her sources, get the facts, and move on. Jake instantly bonds with Paul, however, and no matter how hard Julie tries to keep Paul from complicating her life, the more he begins to fall for her, and she finds she too is falling badly for him even while her boyfriend is pushing to set a wedding date.'] ["Max Herschel, the married, wealthy, vulgar, egotistical, middle-aged head of a corporate empire, is satisfied with the somewhat casual love/hate relationship he shares with his mistress and protegee, television producer Bones Burton, just as it is, but she wants a more serious commitment. The young woman attempts to extricate herself from the affair -- or perhaps force her lover into taking the next, more permanent step -- by dating an even younger man, off-off-Broadway playwright Steven Routledge. Max, however, is not a man to accept defeat in any of his endeavors, and he retaliates with a vengeance. The two engage in an escalating battle of wits, with Max discovering money can't resolve everything when he is outsmarted by business rival Seymour Berger and his grandson Mike."] ['Cheryl is a young, African American lesbian who works in a video rental store in Philadelphia with her friend Tamara. They earn extra money by making professional home videos for people. Cheryl becomes interested in films from the 1930s and 40s which feature black actresses. She notices that these actresses are often not credited. She watches a film called Plantation Memories with a black actress who is credited simply as "The Watermelon Woman". Cheryl decides to make a documentary about the Watermelon Woman and find out more about her life. Tamara tries to set Cheryl up with her friend Yvette, but Cheryl is not interested. Cheryl meets a white woman in the store called Diana who, to Tamara\'s annoyance, flirts with Cheryl. Cheryl starts interviewing members of the public, asking them if they have heard of the Watermelon Woman. She interviews her mother who does not remember the name, but recognises a photograph of her. She tells Cheryl that she used to hear the Watermelon Woman singing in clubs in Philadelphia. Tamara\'s mother tells Cheryl to get in contact with Lee Edwards&nbsp;— a man who has done a lot of research into black films. Cheryl and Tamara go to see Lee, and he tells them about 1920s and 30s black culture in Philadelphia. He explains to them that in those days, black women usually played domestic servants. Cheryl meets her mother\'s friend Shirley, who turns out to be a lesbian. Shirley tells her that the Watermelon Woman\'s name was Fae Richards, that she was a lesbian too, and that she used to sing in clubs "for all us stone butches". She says that Fae was always with Martha Page, the white director of Plantation Memories, and that Martha was a mean and ugly woman. When Cheryl and Tamara get caught ordering video tapes under Diana\'s name, Diana takes the tapes and tells Cheryl that she will have to come to her home to collect them. Cheryl goes to Diana\'s house, stays for dinner, and watches some of the tapes with her, telling her about her project. They have sex, and Cheryl decides that although Diana is not her usual type of woman, she likes being with her. Cheryl meets cultural critic Camille Paglia who tells her about the Mammy archetype, saying that it represented a goddess figure. Cheryl goes to the CLIT archive of lesbian material, and finds photographs of Fae Richards, including one given by Fae to a June Walker. With Diana\'s help, Cheryl manages to contact Martha Page\'s sister who denies that Martha was a lesbian. As Cheryl and Diana grow closer, Tamara makes it clear that she dislikes Diana and disapproves of their relationship. She accuses Cheryl of wanting to be white, and Diana of having a fetish for black people. Cheryl telephones June Walker, learning that she was Fae\'s partner for 20 years. They arrange to meet, but June is taken to hospital and leaves a letter for Cheryl instead. In the letter she says that she is angry with Martha Page, that Martha had nothing to do with what Fae\'s life. She urges Cheryl to tell their history. Having separated from Diana, and fallen out with Tamara, Cheryl finishes her project, never managing to make further contact with June.'] ['Max  and Page Conners  are a mother-daughter con artist team. When the film opens, the Conners are settling a con on Dean Cumanno , an auto-body shop owner and small-time crook. The con, which the Conners have played a number of times before on other men, involves Max marrying Dean, passing out on their wedding night to avoid actually consummating the marriage, and then Page  luring Dean into a compromising position to justify Max\'s immediate divorce and hefty settlement. The con is a success. Page declares that she wants to go solo. Max initially relents, but when they visit the bank to split their earnings, they are confronted by an IRS agent  who declares that they owe the government a considerable sum on top of the rest of their savings, which have already been seized. Page reluctantly agrees to work together with Max on one last con in Palm Beach . For their target, they choose widower William B. Tensy , a tobacco baron who is addicted to his own product. Complicating matters is beachfront bartender Jack ([[Jason Lee , whom Page meets without her mother\'s knowledge while attempting to go after a target she pointed out earlier . Page learns that Jack is worth $3 million, having inherited the bar, and decides to target him for a side con. Page ends up developing genuine feelings for Jack, but Max, who has been hurt many times before, tells her to break it off; Page reluctantly ends the relationship. Tensy proposes to Max ahead of schedule, but before they can get married, he passes out and dies due to his lifetime of smoking while trying to consummate the marriage. While Max and Page are deciding what to do with the body, Dean arrives, having tracked Max down in order to propose to her again. Dean discovers the ruse Max and Page played on him, and threatens to expose them. Max offers to return Dean\'s divorce settlement money if he\'ll help them make Tensy\'s death look like an accident. Max reveals to Page that the money wasn\'t really taken by the IRS, and the agent had in fact been Max\'s mentor, Barbara, in a ruse to prevent Page from leaving. But when Max, Page and Dean go to the bank, the money really has gone, liquidated in an act of betrayal by Barbara. In order to help Max, Page decides to accept Jack\'s offer of marriage, planning to work it as a regular con. Page insists that Jack will not cheat on her, but is heartbroken when during the wedding night she breaks into his room and finds him in a compromising position with Max. After the divorce settlement is paid, Dean confronts Max about the ethics of their con, pointing out that even a "goody-goody" like Jack is only human. Max reveals that Jack actually turned her down and she drugged him to put him in the position where Page found them, defending her decision by claiming that Jack would have gone on to hurt Page eventually. Dean counters that life is about pain, but that it can also be good, and Max has no right to keep Page from living her life just because of what might happen. Chastened, Max tells Page the truth, admitting that her own efforts to protect her daughter from pain have only hurt her in other ways, recognising that Page has to make her own life. Page returns to Jack, giving him back the bar he\'d had to sell to pay the settlement, and tells him her real name. Max and Dean also get together, Dean having admitted that he still misses Max even after what she put him through. The final shot of the film is of Dean &mdash; using the name \'Stanley\' &mdash; romancing Barbara, with Max watching them via binoculars, implying that Max and Dean are now working together to get Max\'s money back.'] ["After fleeing from her abusive stepfather, Nola  travels to New York City searching for her biological father. She spends her first night sleeping in Central Park, but her luck changes when she is hired by the owner of a small diner. She ends up staying with the frycook/law school student Ben  until the real owner of the diner, Ben's landlady Margaret , hires Nola as her assistant for her escort service. Things go well at the escort service until Niles, a billionaire client of Margaret's service, has a bad session. Niles likes to receive rough physical activity from men cross-dressing as women, but only to a point. Wendy, one of Niles's favorites, went a little too far and sent Niles into a rage. Niles demands Margaret rough Wendy up or else he will have it done, along with inducing the police to investigate the escort service. Nola attempts to help by making up Wendy to look battered and bruised, documenting it with photos, then sending her out of the country until Niles can calm down. Niles's informants spot Wendy, no longer wearing the bruise makeup, trying to flee. Niles responds by arranging a subpeona for Margaret to appear before a grand jury and calling Nola directly, threatening her by revealing detailed information about her upbringing. Further events lead Nola closer to finding her real father, but not without the help of a journalist , who is in need of a story on escort services."] ["Noah Cooper,  a therapist, gets fired from the office where he has worked for many years. When he arrives home he finds his wife's cousin, Myron Stubbs, ([[Mike White  has moved in. Later that evening his mother, Marilyn  also arrives with her dogs and asks whether she can stay. Even though Noah is displeased, he allows Marilyn to stay. He discovers his mother has left his father, suspecting that he had an affair. He and Marilyn get hired at a carpet store, but because of Marilyn's stupid tasks both of them get fired. Meanwhile his relationship with his wife, Clare,  deteriorates and she subsequently leaves. Marilyn spies her husband and they have an encounter. Her husband, Gene  confesses that he has tried to cheat on her twice. Noah's grandmother, Helen Cooper  dies, and at the funeral Noah and Maryiln debate. Noah gets moved by his mother's words and realises that his decision not to have a baby was wrong and rushes to Clare to apologize. The film ends with Marylin and Myron moving in together elsewhere."] ["Caramel revolves around the intersecting lives of five Lebanese women. Layale  works in a beauty salon in Beirut along with two other women, Nisrine  and Rima . Each one has a problem: Layale is stuck in a dead-end relationship with a married man; Nisrine is no longer a virgin but is set to be married and in her conservative family where pre-marital sex is not accepted; Rima is attracted to women; Jamale , a regular customer and wannabe actress, is worried about getting old; Rose , a tailoress with a shop next to the salon, is an old woman who had devoted her life to taking care of her mentally unbalanced elder sister Lili , but has found her first love. The film doesn't refer to any of the political problems or recent warfare that has troubled Lebanon. Rather, Labaki's tale paints everyday people with everyday problems."] ['In the 1920s, Sean Thornton , an Irish-born American from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, travels to Ireland to reclaim his family\'s farm in Innisfree. He meets and falls in love with the fiery Mary Kate Danaher , the spinster sister of the bullying, loud-mouthed landowner Squire "Red" Will Danaher . Danaher, angry that Sean outbid him for the Thornton land adjacent to his property, initially refuses to sanction the marriage until several town locals, including the parish priest, conspire to trick him into believing that the wealthy Widow Tillane  wants to marry him, but only if Mary Kate is no longer living in the house. After learning the truth on Sean and Mary Kate\'s wedding day, an enraged Will refuses to give his sister her full dowry. Sean, unschooled in Irish customs, cares nothing about the dowry, but Mary Kate is obsessed with obtaining it, the dowry representing her independence, identity, and pride. Angered and shamed by Sean\'s refusal to confront her brother and demand what is legally hers, she brands him a coward, and, despite living together, they are estranged as husband and wife. Sean had been a boxer in the United States, a heavyweight challenger known as "Trooper Thorn." After accidentally killing an opponent in the ring, Sean hung up his gloves, vowing never to fight again. This is known to only one other person in the village, the Church of Ireland minister Rev. Playfair . Later, in an attempt to force Sean to confront Will Danaher, Mary Kate leaves him and boards a train departing Castletown and headed to Dublin. Infuriated, Sean arrives and drags her off the train, and, followed by the townspeople, forces her to walk the five miles to Inisfree from Castletown to Will Danaher\'s farm. Sean demands that Will hand over her dowry and threatens to return Mary Kate to his household if Will refuses. Will finally relents and gives him the cash. Mary Kate and Sean throw it into a furnace, showing that Mary Kate never cared about the money, but only that Sean stand up for his wife. Sean and Will slug it out through the village, stop for a drink, brawl again, then become best friends. Sean regains Mary Kate\'s love and respect. Will Danaher and the Widow Tillane begin courting, and peace is returned to Innisfree.'] ["A brash American actor, Robin Grange, goes to London to feature in a major new play. The playwright of the production, Felix Webb, is having an intense affair with the leading lady, Hilary Rule. His wife of fourteen years, Eleanor, suspects that her husband is cheating and cannot suppress her rage. Robin comes up with an intriguing plan; to seduce Felix's elegant wife to end hassling her husband. In desperation, Felix agrees, but soon faces a dilemma in that he feels increasingly jealous of Robin's attempts to seduce his willing wife, especially when he charms  Hilary and the other members of the production and becomes too popular at Felix's expense. Felix is caught in a web of deceit and jealousy, prompting him to seek revenge on the opening night of his new production."] ['{{Plot}} Arah  dreams of a better life—different from the life she knows in Bukidnon. Ranches everywhere are closing one by one. The glory her hometown once knew was slowly disappearing in favour of life abroad, particularly in Australia. Arah believes this too. Australia will save them from poverty. But Migo  does not share this belief. He believes that Bukidnon’s glory will return if only people didn’t leave. When Arah’s father suddenly encounters an accident, Arah is left with no choice but to seek better opportunities to earn money. Arah, in desperation accepts money from the Australian rancher Brian in exchange for a contract. Her decision breaks Migo’s heart. The two part ways, their problems unresolved. With the help of her co-workers, especially her new found friend, Ina , Arah slowly adjusted to the life in Australia. She is willing to hold her ground and tough it up along with the boys just to fulfill her dreams for herself and her family. It was this determination that caught the attention of the cold and mysterious Brian. Meanwhile, Migo was experiencing his own wave of reality. Bukidnon is not what it used to be. And fighting to keep a ranch alive and working is something he cannot do without enough experience. Despite his enthusiasm and hard work, his investments crumble slowly until he is left with nothing but a humbling realization—there is money in Australia, but his dreams shouldn’t really end there. Migo decides to give the land down under a try. With fierce hopes of earning back what he lost, he flies to Australia, to the land where his beloved Arah went when she left him for her dreams. Suddenly, Migo’s presence at the ranch is making Arah suspicious. It’s been years—why is he suddenly there? But destiny has other plans for the two. By a simple twist of fate, the two are thrown together on an errand. The close proximity forces the two to confront their past. And undeniably, their feelings for each other resurface. Will Arah let Migo in her heart again or will she let him go completely for the sake of Brian and her family? And will Migo find the courage to fight for her or learn to accept that he has lost her forever?'] ["In Venice, Gaston Monescu , a master thief masquerading as a baron, meets Lily , a beautiful thief and pickpocket also pretending to be of the nobility, and the two fall in love and decide to team up. They leave Venice for Paris, and go to work for the famous perfume manufacturer Madame Mariette Colet , with the intention of stealing a great sum of money from her safe, which Monescu, as her secretary, arranges to be diverted there. In the course of things, Colet begins to flirt with Monescu, and he begins to have feelings for her. Unfortunately, the plan develops a hitch when François Filiba , one of Colet's suitors, sees Monescu at a garden party. He is unable to remember where he knows him from, but when another of Colet's suitors, The Major , tells Filiba that he once mistook Monescu for a doctor, Filiba suddenly remembers that he knows Monescu from Venice, where the thief robbed him, pretending to be a doctor. Monescu and Lily plan an immediate getaway that night, after they take all the money in the safe. Colet prepares to leave for a dinner party given by the Major, but cannot decide whether to go or to stay and have sex with Monescu. Eventually she goes, but not before Lily catches on that Monescu has fallen for her rival, and wants to back out of the plan &ndash; so she robs the safe herself after confronting her partner. At the Major's, Filiba tells Colet about Monescu, but she refuses to believe it's true. She returns home and suggestively probes Monescu, who admits that the safe has been cleaned out, but claims that he himself took the cash. He also tells her that the manager of her business, Adolph J. Giron , who has been suspicious of Monescu all along, has stolen millions of dollars from the firm over the years. Lily then confronts Colet and Monescu, reporting that it was she who stole the money from the safe. An argument ensues, in which, eventually, Colet allows the two thieves to leave together. As a parting shot, Monescu steals a necklace from Colet that Lily had her eye on, and, in turn, Lily steals it from him, displaying it to him as the taxi takes them away, hugging each other."] ["Marcia, , a young socialite is a firm believer that a couple should be faithful to one another, unlike her peers who do not feel so strongly. Marcia meets Jim , who agrees with her on the subject of a couple's monogamy and pursues her. Marcia, however, decides to pursue Sherry , whom Marcia sees as a challenge and proceeds to cure him of his philandering nature. Marcia and Sherry are married, yet Sherry continues as before. Marcia decides to teach her husband a lesson, by having a party, where she invites Sherry's former flames along with their mates. Marcia announces that she intends to be unfaithful to her husband, by having a fling with Jim, who still cares for Marcia. In the end, Marcia stays true to her beliefs and cannot go through as she planned. Sherry then sees how much his wife loves him and is convinced to reform his former ways."] ["In 1970s Hong Kong, rapacious landlords try to evict 72 tenants but sworn brothers Ha Kung and Shek Kin help the group of 72 defeat the landlord and landlady and coincidentally rescue Pinky from a planned forced marriage. When both sworn brothers fall for Pinky and propose to her, she flips a coin heads or tails, they both cheated during the toss but Ha wins her hand in marriage. The sworn brothers become sworn enemies and Sheks hatred fuels intense rivalry against Ha in business dealings ranging from the manufacture of plastic flowers to the selling of stinky bean curd. Even after 40 years they continue to clash and in 2010 they are in keen competition selling electronics appliances in Sai Yeung Choi Street, Mongkok, the busiest street in the city and still home to the 72 tenants. In fiercely competitive Sai Yeung Choi Street high rents force businessmen to use every means to survive, with electronics shops employing pseudo models in sales promotion campaigns and comic shops offering foot-massage services by Lolita, etc. These ploys are minor compared with the tactics of the landlord who threatens to close down the shops unless his demands for tripled rent are met. Amidst this strife and struggle the street is hit by acid-attacks and in high spirits the 72 tenants unite and pledge to safeguard their home. Against a background of fear and turmoil, with the old love triangle between Ha and Pinky and Shek still festering, the next generation of the Ha and Shek families generate their own love affairs: MJ-style dancer Ha Junior is fascinated by Shek's daughter who is a Japanese AV culture fan; Ha's daughter, a kung fu expert, is pursued by Shek's love-struck son, the smart shortie. Affairs of the heart yet to be resolved."] ["The spurned lover Adonis  has to win over Athena's only Son; Atong  to court his single Mom; Athena . Atong decided the only kind of man good enough for his mother is a man with a big family. Adonis' help from his friends to work in special effects to transformed into his pretending imaginary family in disguise: a spunky Lola & a wacky Black American to able to win the Athena’s heart to convince Atong that Adonis is good enough to win the love of his life.http://www.flixster.com/movie/supahpapalicious#"] ["The film opens on Rachel  and Hector's  wedding day in North London, England. Rachel's bossy mother Tess  and dazed dad Ned  are introduced. Luce,  who manages a flower shop, is the wedding florist. She also makes fast friends with Rachel's younger sister, Henrietta . However, as Rachel is walking up the aisle, her eyes meet Luce's and a connection is made. Some time later, Luce is invited to dinner with Rachel, Heck, and Coop , Heck's best friend and a perennial bachelor. Rachel suggests they fix up Luce with Coop, until Luce mentions that she's a lesbian. Heck takes this news in stride, and Coop is undeterred in his good-natured attempts to sleep with her. While Heck works long hours at his increasingly unsatisfying office job, he encourages Rachel to be friends with Luce. The two spend an evening together, visiting a football match and an arcade . At the end of the night, Luce walks Rachel back to her flat. Their goodbye grows awkward from tension, then Rachel leans forward to kiss Luce, but withdraws at the last moment and leaves. Over the next few days, Rachel continues to deny her growing attraction to Luce in an effort to remain loyal to Heck. For her part, Luce has no wish to break up a committed couple. Unable to deny what she is feeling, Rachel eventually confronts Luce directly at her flower shop. She tells Luce that a romance between them cannot happen, leaves, and abruptly returns seconds later to kiss Luce in the back of Luce's shop. Their foreplay gets interrupted by Heck, who has stopped by to pick up flowers for Rachel. He tells Luce that he has sensed the distance growing between him and Rachel and partially blames himself for not being there for her. Hearing this, Rachel runs off, later sorrowfully agreeing with Luce that they can't betray Heck. In the meantime, Heck reaches breaking point at his job and finally quits. When he returns home drunk, Rachel rashly confesses all to him without saying who her love is. Heck, who was feigning sleep, later calls Coop for support and Coop angrily confronts Luce after figuring out it was her Rachel fell in love with. Luce decides that being near Rachel without being with her is too hard. She makes plans to go on an extended trip out of the country, leaving care of her shop to her mother. When Rachel and Heck are celebrating her birthday at her parents', H tells them about Luce's trip. Heck then figures out that it was Luce who Rachel fell in love with after noticing her reaction to the news. Heck does not want to be her second choice or to live a lie so he leaves. She then confesses to her parents that she is in love with a woman and with their help, Rachel tracks down Luce as she takes a taxi to the airport. After getting stuck in traffic and Luce brushing her off on the phone, all seems lost. However, Rachel realizes Luce is in the same traffic jam and uses the lessons Luce taught her about yelling loudly to call to her. The two women reunite and kiss each other in the middle of a crowded London street. In a post credits coda, we see the characters some time later. Heck is on the plane to an unknown destination, all set to write his travel book, where he sits next to a young woman  for the 24 hour flight. There is an obvious and immediate attraction  between them. H and her young boyfriend are playing at a playground, Coop is seen holding a baby, and Luce and Rachel are still happy together."] ['An American dancer, Jerry Travers  comes to London to star in a show produced by the bumbling Horace Hardwick . While practicing a tap dance routine in his hotel bedroom, he awakens Dale Tremont  on the floor below. She storms upstairs to complain, whereupon Jerry falls hopelessly in love with her and proceeds to pursue her all over London. Dale mistakes Jerry for Horace, who is married to her friend Madge . Following the success of Jerry\'s opening night in London, Jerry follows Dale to Venice, where she is visiting Madge and modelling/promoting the gowns created by Alberto Beddini ([[Erik Rhodes , a dandified Italian fashion designer with a penchant for malapropisms. Jerry proposes to Dale, who, while still believing that Jerry is Horace, is disgusted that her friend\'s husband could behave in such a manner and agrees instead to marry Alberto. Fortunately, Bates , Horace\'s meddling English valet, disguises himself as a priest and conducts the ceremony; apparently, Horace had sent Bates to keep tabs on Dale. On a trip in a gondola, Jerry manages to convince Dale and they return to the hotel where the previous confusion is rapidly cleared up. The reconciled couple dance off into the Venetian sunset, to the tune of "The Piccolino".Adapted from Billman'] ["Manuel Espírito Santo , a Portuguese immigrant in the Netherlands suffers an accident and dies. Now a ghost, he discovers that his soul cannot rest unless his body is buried in his home country. He also discovers that he can appear in living people's dreams and thereby talk with them. He appears in his sister's dream and asks her to go to Amsterdam in order to retrieve his body."] ["Victor  started drinking when his wife Linda  suddenly died although he keeps it from his son Tom Tom . One day, Victor thinks of a way by which he can make others who are also mourning feel better—and make some money in the process. With the help of two cohorts, Wally  and George , Victor passes himself off as an Ispiritist who can communicate with restless spirits for a price. His son has no idea that his dad is a fake medium and in fact, idolizes his father. He proudly tells his classmates that his father gets rids of ghosts for a living. Victor is hired by Tom Tom’s school to speak to the ghost of a little girl and ask her to leave the campus. As his dad prepares, a surprised Tom Tom discovers that he can see and talk to Didith , the little girl’s ghost. She tells Tom Tom what needs to be done to calm her restless soul. Tom Tom obeys her instructions, and she stops haunting the school. Victor takes the credit and accepts the school’s thanks for a job well done. After this success, Victor quickly finds more ghost-busting work. Impressed by how he handled the school ghost, Lalaine  hires Victor to rid her boarding house of a quartet of spirits  who are scaring her boarders. Victor promptly accepts, believing Lalaine might be a possible wife for him and a mother for his son. However, Lalaine discovered his con not only losing a love interest but also the respect of his son.{{cite news}} Just when Victor is about to apologize for his sins, he realizes that he has suddenly developed the power to see and speak to ghosts. Victor realizes what he must make up for his lies. During the film's climax, Victor, Tom Tom, Lalaine, Wally, George, and an absent-minded priest Fr. Ben  must enter a haunted mansion and get rid of the spirits that inhabit it."] ['George "Hotsy" Hamilton , a very eligible but naive vegetarian heir to a meat-packing fortune, returns home to Connecticut by luxury cruise ship, accompanied by Marty Kennedy , his valet, guardian and best friend, after spending three years together on a scientific expedition in the Belgian Congo looking for a rare snake. Onboard, the woman-shy George attracts a lot of attention from the opposite sex, despite being the consummate milque-toast, but the one he can\'t avoid is Jean Harris , a beautiful con artist travelling with her equally larcenous father, Colonel Patrick Henry "Handsome Harry" Harris , and his partner-in-crime Gerald . The three con artists are out to fleece George of a small fortune, but even the best laid plans can go astray. First, Jean falls hard for George and shields him from her card sharp father. Then, when Marty discovers the truth about her and her father and tells George about them, he dumps her. Furious at being scorned, she re-enters his life masquerading as the posh "Countess Louise", the cousin of "Jacques Duc de Montaigne" , who is actually Frenchie, another con man who\'s swindling the rich folks of Connecticut. Jean is determined to get back at George, so she sets out to seduce him, again. George\'s domineering father  throws a party in honor of the visiting French royalty, and George is completely taken in by Jean\'s masquerade. Soon her hapless victim is so confused and bothered he doesn\'t know which way is up, but, in the end, after all the twists and turns, deceptions and lies, true love wins out.TCM Full synopsis<ref nameavg&sql=1:5728 Plot synopsis ]IMDB Plot'] ["After receiving a well-earned certification from a sheltered boarding school, Carla Tate , an ambitious and mildly mentally challenged autistic young woman, returns home to her over-protective mother Elizabeth . Elizabeth seems to act as if she is embarrassed about her daughter's disability. During family discussions, Elizabeth adopts an uneasy attitude. Her wisdom-hard-won father Radley  is a dentist and . Carla's ambition is to seek more independence from her family by earning a diploma from a trade school. When Carla meets another mentally challenged student, Daniel McMann , they become friends and soon fall in love. Envying Danny's freedom, Carla convinces her parents she is capable of living on her own and moves into her own apartment. After a time, Carla and Danny become sexually active together. Danny's independence is financially compromised when his wealthy and emotionally detached father abruptly stops sending subsistence money. Danny begins to realize that the independence he enjoyed comes with a staggering cost. Danny gets drunk, then seeks solace and insight  from his landlord and friend, Ernie . At a Christmas holiday party, nervous about his personal lot, Daniel drinks too much to build up his courage to declare his love for Carla, also telling everyone about their first time making love. A humiliated Carla bursts into tears, screaming at everyone to stop laughing at her. Although Daniel did not intend to embarrass Carla, she nonetheless refuses to see him. Over time, Carla realizes she still loves Danny and wants to see him again despite her mother's advising her otherwise. At her sister's wedding, Danny surprises Carla by showing up at the church and asking Carla to marry him, in a scene mimicking The Graduate, the couple's favorite movie. Everyone supports their wishes except Elizabeth, who is unsure Danny can take care of himself, let alone Carla, who becomes angry, telling her mother she is sick of her dominance and doubt and is also sick of her treating her like an embarrassment. Carla's father and her sisters support her decision, and the wedding is planned. At first, Elizabeth is determined not to attend; but Radley admonishes her, saying he will walk Carla down the aisle, and finally she relents. Outside the church, Danny surprises Carla with a marching band playing a song from The Music Man . . . and they are chauffeured away to their honeymoon in Ernie's prized Mustang."] ['Sabrina Fairchild  is the young daughter of the Larrabee family\'s chauffeur, Thomas ([[John Wood , and has been in love with David Larrabee  all her life. David is a playboy, constantly falling in love, yet he has never noticed Sabrina, much to her dismay. Sabrina travels to Paris for a fashion internship at Vogue  and returns as an attractive, sophisticated woman. David, after initially not recognizing her, is quickly drawn to her despite being newly engaged to Elizabeth Tyson , a doctor. David\'s workaholic older brother Linus  fears that David\'s imminent wedding to the very suitable Elizabeth might be endangered. If the wedding were to be canceled, so would a lucrative merger with the bride\'s family business, Tyson Electronics, run by her father Patrick . This could cost the Larrabee corporation, run by Linus and his mother Maude , in the neighborhood of a billion dollars. Linus tries to redirect Sabrina\'s affections to himself and it works. Sabrina falls in love with him, even though she quotes others as calling Linus "the world\'s only living heart donor" and someone who "thinks that morals are paintings on walls and scruples are money in Russia." In the process, Linus also falls in love with her. Unwilling to admit his feelings, Linus confesses his scheme to Sabrina at the last minute and sends her back to Paris. But he is induced to pursue her there by chiding from his mother and a newly aware David, who steps into his shoes at the Larrabee corporation.'] ['Miu, a fishmonger at the Prosperity Market. Because of her father’s debt she gives herself three years to work at the Wet market. She promises herself that she’s going to leave the wet market and find a man worthy of her. At the market she always quarrel with her neighbor stall Mr. Fish . But when a new supermarket threatens their business at the Prosperity Market they work together to fight against it.'] ['The Brothers Bloom, orphaned at a young age, begin performing confidence tricks as young children; Stephen dreams up elaborate scenarios and his younger brother, Bloom, creates trust with the marks. Stephen creates his first con as a way of encouraging his brother to talk to girls. Twenty-five years later, the brothers are the world\'s most successful con men. They even have a regular accomplice: Bang Bang, a Japanese explosives expert who rarely speaks. Bloom, however, is dissatisfied with being nothing but an actor in Stephen\'s schemes. He quits and moves to Montenegro. Three months later, Stephen finds Bloom and convinces him to execute one final con. The brothers will masquerade as antiques dealers and target Penelope Stamp, a rich, socially-isolated heiress. Bloom and Penelope meet when Bloom purposely runs into Penelope\'s sports car with his bike. Penelope reveals that she has been alone for most of her life and has picked up an array of strange hobbies such as juggling and kung fu. Bloom senses Penelope\'s craving for adventure and hints that he is sailing to Europe tomorrow. The next morning, Penelope arrives at the harbor to sail with the brothers to Greece. On the boat, Melville, a Belgian hired by Stephen, begins the con, telling Penelope that the brothers Bloom are in fact antiques smugglers and he wants their help with a smuggling job in Prague. Penelope is thrilled with the idea of becoming a smuggler and convinces the brothers to accept the job, unaware that this is part of the con. Meanwhile, Bloom and Penelope are becoming attracted to one another, but Stephen warns Bloom that the con will fail if he actually falls in love with Penelope. In Prague, Melville cons Penelope out of a million dollars and flees, according to plan. Penelope still wants to go ahead as an antiques smuggler and steal the rare book that Melville told her about. The brothers tell Bang Bang to set off a small explosive in Prague Castle that will trigger the fire alarm, allowing Penelope to sneak in and steal the book. Instead, Penelope accidentally blows up the entire tower, creating panic in Prague. Despite this, Penelope enters the museum and steals the book. She is caught, but somehow convinces the chief of police to let her go. At the hotel bar in Prague, Bloom is visited by the brothers\' former mentor and current enemy, Diamond Dog. He warns Bloom that Stephen will not be around forever, and tells Bloom he should join him. Stephen arrives and stabs Diamond Dog in the hand with a broken bottle, telling him to stay away. The team goes to Mexico to complete the con. Bloom, who has fallen in love with Penelope, reveals to her that they are con men and the whole adventure has been a con. Stephen has anticipated his brother\'s change of heart and written it into his plan. The brothers fight and a gun accidentally discharges, wounding Stephen. Penelope checks out the wound, realizes that it is fake blood, and leaves with a broken heart. Bloom punches Stephen and leaves for Montenegro. Three months later, Penelope finds Bloom, wanting to be with him and to become a con artist. Unable to deny his love for her but not wanting her to be like him, Bloom meets with Stephen to set up one final con, where they will fake their own deaths. The team goes to St. Petersburg, where they must sell the rare book to Diamond Dog. They are ambushed by Diamond Dog\'s gang while heading to the exchange. Stephen is kidnapped and held for $1.75 million. Bloom suspects this is just another one of Stephen\'s tricks; Penelope, just in case, wires the money from her bank account to the mobsters. Bang Bang takes this opportunity to quit working for the Brothers Bloom; as soon as she leaves, her car explodes, leaving Penelope and Bloom uncertain whether she was caught in the blast or faked her death. Bloom goes into an abandoned theater to make the exchange, and finds Stephen tied up and beaten. Bloom demands that Stephen tell him if this is real or if it is a con. A hit man tosses Bloom a phone, and Diamond Dog confirms that it is real. The hit man attacks them, and Stephen takes a bullet for Bloom and collapses on the floor. Bloom again asks whether this was real, or just the "perfect con." Stephen gets up and assures Bloom that he is fine. Stephen tells Bloom to leave St. Petersburg with Penelope, and that they will meet again. Bloom and Penelope drive away. After several hours, Bloom discovers that Stephen\'s bloodstain on his shirt has changed in color from red to brown, indicting that it is not fake blood. Realizing that Stephen has surely died, Bloom breaks down on the side of the road while Penelope tries to comfort him. As they are leaving, Bloom recalls what Stephen had said earlier, "The perfect con is one where everyone involved gets just the thing they wanted" -- and that perhaps his brother really pulled off the perfect con.'] ['Abigail Scanlon and Parker Wald are best friends since childhood who return to their small hometown of Lambert, Louisiana from New York City for a visit. After running into old friends, they learn that their close friend, Rachel, has lost the love of her life, Tony, to their ex-friend, Caitlin, a conniving gold-digger who pretends to be pregnant to trick Tony into marrying her. Intent upon preventing a loveless marriage, Parker and Abigail go "undercover" as Caitlin\'s bridesmaids to sabotage the wedding. Along the way, Caitlin\'s tightly-wound mother, Olivia, works hard to keep Abigail and Parker at bay as Parker falls for the town detective and one of Tony\'s groomsman, Henry. The bridesmaids put their best-laid plans in motion only to see them go outrageously awry. As a result, the trio are arrested by Henry, but Parker convinces him to release them. So Abigail, Parker, and Rachel sneak into the wedding and kidnap Caitlin. They take her to the hospital for a pregnancy test and trick her into admitting the truth. At the wedding ceremony Tony lies to Caitlin that his family lost their fortunes which leads to her canceling the wedding and storming off. After Caitlin is gone, Tony gets on one knee and proposes to Rachel and revels that lied and he is still rich. At the end of the film, Parker stars in a major action film, Rachel marries Tony, and Abigail sells her book on their antics as bridesmaids.'] ['As the yearly vacation of six neighbors, the Gilberts, Masons, and Weavers, approaches, Kitty Weaver  and Larry Gilbert  find themselves frustrated with the routine. When both their spouses  are kept away from the vacation, Kitty and Larry find themselves alone in Acapulco, with the Masons  bedridden with illness. Forced together, Kitty and Larry fall in love. Once the vacation is over, however, they have difficulties in either abandoning or continuing their romance.'] ['Oscar Grubman  is a 15-year-old young man, portrayed as mature beyond his years, traveling home for Thanksgiving. He speaks fluent French, quotes Voltaire and finds girls of his own age to be unexperienced in life. When an attractive girl from his school, Miranda Spear , approaches Oscar, he politely brushes her off. Oscar confides in his friend Charlie  that he is in love with a mature woman and plans to win her heart during Thanksgiving break. Oscar arrives at the apartment of his father, Columbia University history professor and author, Stanley Grubman , and stepmother, the passionate cardiologist, Eve . That evening, the Grubmans hold a party where Stanley introduces him to a girl of his age, but Oscar rebuffs her as well while staring at the object of his affection: his stepmother. Oscar tries to open up to her, but the unsuspecting Eve doesn\'t pick up on any of his advances. Stanley tells him to walk the girl home, but he hails her a cab. Depressed from his failure with the older woman, Oscar goes to a bar and gets drunk. He bumps into Eve\'s best friend, chiropractor Diane Lodder , who offers to take him to her own apartment seeing his current condition. Once there, Diane begins to massage him and they end up having sex. Oscar wakes the next morning and has an awkward encounter with Diane\'s boyfriend, Phil. Back at home, Oscar plans a surprise lunch for Eve but first Stanley inquires about where Oscar spent the night. Oscar makes up a story about meeting Miranda Spear from school. He brings lunch to Eve at her lab, where he opens up to her once more, pondering the use of the heart as a symbol for affection. Together they decide that the liver should be the new symbol for love. Their conversation is interrupted by a phone call from Stanley, who mentions that Diane will be joining them for dinner. Worried that Diane will tell Eve about their tryst, Oscar finds Diane at a tea room with several of her friends. All act as though they know about the previous evening. Oscar makes Diane promise to keep last night a secret from Stanley and especially Eve. At dinner, Diane drinks and behaves erratically. She plays footsie with Oscar and flirts with him in French. After she excuses herself from the table, Oscar follows to confront her. She kisses him while not being totally out of Stanley\'s view, after which Diane admits to Stanley and Eve that she and Oscar are lovers. The next day, Diane explains to Eve that she found Oscar a charming young man. Eve and Oscar play a tense round of tennis, lobbing insults at each other, ending up with Oscar getting hit in the head with a ball. Oscar explains to Eve that he only did what he did with Diane because he was drunk and she was wearing Eve\'s scarf. Eve immediately understands that he is in love with her. They share a passionate kiss but Eve eventually breaks away. At the end of Thanksgiving break, Eve and Stanley take Oscar to the train. Eve asks Oscar how his liver feels and he replies that it hurts, but is not broken. On the train, Oscar runs into Miranda, who quotes Voltaire: "If we do not find something pleasant at least we will find something new." Oscar tells Charlie that his obsession with Eve wasn\'t as important as it seemed. Charlie doesn\'t understand his friend, but Oscar smiles as the train rolls on.'] ['Grace  discovers that her husband Eddie  is having an affair with another woman. To her surprise, she also discovers that people around her advise her to forgive and forget instead of making an issue out of it. Her father  owns a hunter/jumper horse farm and thinks that the whole family should instead concentrate on an upcoming competition.'] ["In May 1959, in the town of Cape Anne, Maine, a foul-up by the Eastern & Portland Railroad  results in the death of 300 lobsters shipped by Jane Osgood . She gets her lawyer and friend, George Denham , to go after the E&P to pay damages after her customer, the Marshall Town Country Club, refuses all future orders. In the E&P office in New York City, Harry Foster Malone  learns about the Osgood lawsuit. Due to the budget cuts Malone instated, there was no station agent at Marshall Town to receive the lobsters. Malone sends employees Crawford Sloan  and Wilbur Peterson  to Cape Anne to deal with the situation. The two attorneys offer $700, but Jane turns it down because the loss to her business reputation is more than that. Jane wins in court, but E&P appeals the case to the state Supreme Court in Augusta, Maine. George files a writ of execution to force payment and take possession of the train, Old 97, in lieu of payment. Jane is interviewed by local newspaper reporter Matilda Runyon, who then calls the Daily Mirror in New York. Top reporter Larry Hall ([[Steve Forrest  is sent to Cape Anne for the story. Television stations also want to interview Jane. Malone retaliates by charging Jane rent for the siding on which the train is sitting. Jane appears on ABC, NBC, and CBS. Fearful of bad publicity, Malone finally gives in and cancels the rent, but gives Jane the train. Meanwhile, George becomes increasingly jealous when he sees Larry is attracted to Jane so he proposes marriage to her. Back in Cape Anne, during a town meeting, Jane learns that Malone has ordered all his trains to bypass the town and has given Jane 48 hours to remove Old 97. Jane runs away and George scolds the townspeople for turning against her. Realizing that Old 97 is just the way to deliver the lobsters, Jane and George persuade everybody to fill up the train's tender with coal from their homes. George recruits his uncle Otis, a retired E&P engineer, to engineer the train. Old 97 sets off with Jane, her children, George, and the lobsters on board. Malone does everything possible to delay them. Jane becomes upset at the roundabout route Malone is forcing them to take. Eventually, the coal runs out, stopping Old 97 and blocking traffic. Just then, Malone arrives by helicopter. Jane scolds him for his underhanded actions. Malone finally agrees to Jane's demands. Jane and George tell him to come along so he cannot cause any more trouble. He finally shows his good side by helping shovel coal. Larry and a photographer are in Marshall Town when the train arrives. George kisses Jane in front of Larry and she agrees to marry George. After the wedding, as George is being sworn in as the new first selectman, a badly needed fire engine pulls into town, a present from Malone."] ['Uday , a criminal don, takes it upon himself to get his kindhearted sister, Sanjana  married, but he is unsuccessful since no one wants to be associated with a crime family. Dr. Ghunghroo  has also been trying to get his nephew, Rajiv , married but due to his condition—the alliance must be with a purely decent family—he is also unsuccessful. When Rajiv jumps into a burning building to save Sanjana, he is smitten by her. Uday and Majnu , Uday\'s brother, hatch a plan for an alliance with Dr. Ghunghroo. The plan works and Dr. Ghunghroo confirms the alliance, thinking that Uday is a very decent man. But when he is later told that Uday and Majnu are mobsters, he quickly takes his family and flees to Sun City, South Africa to escape. However, Majnu and Sanjana have come to Sun City as well. Rajiv meets Sanjana again and the two fall in love. Dr. Ghunghroo reconciles with Uday and Majnu and finally agrees to the alliance. Uday and Majnu invite a powerful don of the underworld, RDX  to the engagement. At the party, a girl named Ishika  arrives, claiming to be Rajiv\'s childhood betrothed. Ishika is actually a friend that Dr. Ghunghroo asked to come and try to break off the engagement. Ishika manages to do so, leaving Rajiv and Sanjana heartbroken. Dr. Ghunghroo reveals that he did this for Rajiv\'s mother, who had married into a crime family and was harassed and tortured, thus telling Dr. Ghunghroo to raise Rajiv away from crime when he was born. Dr. Ghunghroo decides he will agree to the marriage only if Uday and Majnu give up their life of crime. Rajiv and Sanjana do this by reawakening Uday\'s love for acting and encouraging Majnu to pursue his love for painting. With these things keeping them busy, Uday and Majnu have no time for crime anymore. Rajiv\'s actions anger RDX\'s son, Lucky, who attempts to shoot Rajiv. Sanjana gets hold of the gun and fires a shot that hits Lucky, causing him to go unconscious. RDX is informed of his son\'s death and comes to attend the cremation. However Lucky, who is still alive, escapes, trying to show his father that he\'s actually alive. RDX sets the pile of wood on fire, believing he is cremating his son\'s body. However Lucky, who had been hiding under the wood, jumps out upon realizing the wood is on fire, and the truth is revealed to RDX. Rajiv, Ghunghroo, his wife, Ishika, Uday, Majnu and Sanjana are captured by RDX and brought to a cabin set next to a cliff. The frightened group is forced to play "Hot Potato" with a globe—but the one who ends up with the globe must jump off the cliff. When Rajiv refuses to pass the globe to Sanjana, Lucky angrily yanks it out of his hands, just as the music stops. Now that his son has the globe, RDX figures the only way he can maintain his image is by killing everyone. Before he can, several government brokers sneak up and cut the footings of the cabin, causing the house to start falling over the cliff, with everyone trapped inside. However, the cabin is suspended by only one column. Hilarious chaos ensues as the group tries to balance the cabin together and keep it from falling off the cliff. Rajiv finds a rope and the group uses it to get back onto stable ground. But to everyone\'s shock, the floor broke and Lucky was hanging on the edge of the cabin. While Rajiv is trying to rescue him, Sanjana reveal the truth to everyone that she was the one who shooted Lucky, but Rajiv blamed himself so that Sanjana won\'t get in trouble. After Rajiv rescued Lucky, the cabin he is standing on fell off a cliff. Sanjana kept crying for him thinking he is dead. However, Rajiv survived the event and is reunited with Sanjana and his family. Lucky and RDX are grateful to Rajiv for saving their lives and RDX gives up his life of crime, allowing Rajiv and Sanjana to finally get married.'] ['Three prisoners escape from a chain gang, and two of them, Wayne and Harry  run away to Happy, Texas, where they pose as the gay organizers of a beauty pageant. They put on a show with the small girls of the town while hiding from the law and waiting for the opportunity to rob the local bank. Their scheme is complicated by the fact that the local sheriff  is gay, and, believing that Wayne and Harry are also gay, he is attracted to Harry.'] ["In 1987, Adam , a shy, cynical goth kid, encounters Steve , an attractive Dazzle Dancer performing at Danceteria one night. The two flirt and go back to Adam's apartment to have sex, with Steve offering Adam the latter's first hit of cocaine. Unbeknownst to Steve, the cocaine is cut with baby laxative, resulting in Steve losing control of his bowels and explosively defecating all over Adam's apartment. Humiliated, Steve flees. Seventeen years later, Adam is a jaded ex-substance addict working as a New York City tour guide, while Steve has become a successful psychiatrist. By sheer coincidence the two meet when Adam accidentally stabs his dog and Steve, who dabbled in veterinary medicine, treats the animal at the hospital. Both Adam and Steve fail to recognize each other from their previous meeting. Adam and Steve strike a fast friendship and begin dating, eventually falling in love; Steve introduces Adam to his latently religious parents, while Adam introduces Steve to his disaster-prone family. Rhonda  and Michael  -- Adam and Steve's respective best friends—are initially wary of the other's friend and openly hostile toward one another, but soon themselves fall in love and begin dating. Steve's feelings for Adam grow, and eventually he confides in Michael and Rhonda that he plans to propose marriage to Adam. On the Brooklyn Bridge, however, right as Steve prepares to propose to Adam, Adam absentmindedly muses that his entire litany of substance abuse and relationship problems were sparked by his disastrous affair with an incontinent Dazzle Dancer back in 1987. In that instant, Steve realizes who Adam is; horrified at this revelation, and feeling responsible for all of Adam's problems, Steve abruptly breaks up with Adam. Adam falls into despair until Rhonda wheedles the truth about Steve's past from Michael; she and Michael reveal all to Adam. Adam angrily confronts Steve, who is apologetic but still upset and scared by feelings of responsibility for Adam's problem-filled life. Adam is still upset and prepared to give up on their relationship, but Steve apologizes more humbly and professes his love to Adam ; Adam softens and accepts. Steve moves forward with his marriage proposal. The film ends with the two marrying in an outdoor ceremony, with all their friends and family in attendance."] ['Steven Schoichet is a recently unemployed ne\'er-do-well who has difficulty expressing himself. Steven finds he has a knack for ventriloquism. Steven\'s best friend is Fangora "Fanny" Gurkel, an aspiring punk rock singer who, along with Steven, is just looking for her niche. Eventually, Fanny takes a shine to klezmer music when she learns of an opportunity to get an actual gig. Through his newfound talent, Steven discovers that he is able to overcome his social problems through his dummy and decides to try impressing and winning the heart of Lorena Fanchetti.'] ["Kresten has moved from his parents' farm on a small Danish island to Copenhagen to pursue his working career. When his father dies, he has to move back to the farm, where nothing much has happened since he left. He places an ad in the local newspaper to get help running the farm and taking care of his retarded brother. The prostitute Liva, who is running away from harassing telephone calls, takes the job. But running away from one's past isn't easy."] ["Life for shy 21-year-old Tim Maitland  is not always smooth sailing. His mum Jean  is a cafeteria worker by day who hits the comedy club circuit by night, while his dad John  is busy trying to recapture his fifteen minutes of fame from when he was a country and western singer back in 1975. But when the feisty beautiful Jill ([[Emma Booth  walks into Tim's life, things seem to be looking up. Unfortunately, there's another woman in Tim's life, one who will stand between him and the perfect romance... his mother!"] ['The protagonist and narrator is Dexter King , an American actor working in London and living platonically in Camden Town with his "educated, charming...nymphomaniac" landlady . He\'s just finished his sixth year playing "The Tall Guy", a straight man in a two-man, long-running comedy revue starring  Ron Anderson . called Elephant! which features a song called “He’s Packing His Trunk” and a finale which ends with the lyric "Somewhere up in heaven there\'s an angel with big ears!" During rehearsal, Dexter succumbs to the advances of a married co-star . On the new musical\'s opening night, Kate puts together evidence of the affair from a few subtle clues, and leaves Dexter without further ado. After seeing a scene in a televised award show that suggests Ron is now dating Kate, Dexter impulsively gives up his role in Elephant! just before the curtain rises, with plans to make an impassioned plea to Kate to take him back. With Ron\'s involuntary help , Dexter presents his case to Kate in a busy hospital ward. Kate agrees to give him another chance.'] ["Young Crown Prince Karl Heinrich , heir to the kingdom of Karlsburg, is brought to live with his stern uncle, King Karl VII . The king immediately dismisses the boy's nanny  without telling the youngster to avoid an emotional farewell. Fortunately, Dr. Friedrich Jüttner , his new tutor, proves to be sympathetic, and they become lifelong friends. Nonetheless, despite the commoners' belief that it must be wonderful to be him, the boy grows up lonely, without playmates his own age. Upon passing his high school examination in 1901, the young prince  is delighted to learn that both he and Jüttner are being sent to Heidelberg, where he will continue his education. When they arrive, Karl's servant is appalled at the rooms provided for the prince and Jüttner at the inn of Ruder . When Ruder's niece Kathi  stoutly defends the centuries-old family business, Karl is entranced by her, and decides to stay. He is quickly made a member of Corps Saxonia, a student society. Later that day, Karl tries to kiss Kathi, only to learn that she is engaged. Her family approves of her fiance, but she is not so sure about him. She eventually confesses to Karl that, despite the vast social gulf between them, she has fallen in love with him. Karl feels the same about her and swears that he will let nothing separate them. When he takes her boating, their rower, Johann Kellermann, turns his back to them to give them some privacy. Karl jokingly tells him that, when he is king, he will make Kellermann his majordomo. Then Jüttner receives a letter from the king ordering him to inform Karl that he has selected a princess for him to marry. Jüttner cannot bring himself to destroy his friend's happiness. That same day, however, Prime Minister von Haugk  arrives with the news that the king is seriously ill, and that Karl must go home and take up the reins of government. When Karl sees his uncle, he is told of the matrimonial plans. While Karl is still reeling from the shock, the old king dies, followed by Jüttner. Later, von Haugk presses the new monarch about the marriage. The anguished Karl signs the document for the wedding. Then Kellermann shows up to take the job Karl had offered him. When Karl asks him about Kathi, he learns that she is still waiting for him. He goes to see her one last time. In the last scene, Karl is shown riding through the streets in a carriage with his bride. One onlooker remarks that it must be wonderful to be king, unaware of Karl's misery."] ["Bob Harris , an aging American movie star, arrives in Tokyo to film an advertisement for Suntory whisky, for which he will receive $2 million. Charlotte , a young college graduate, is left behind in her hotel room by her husband, John , a celebrity photographer on assignment in Tokyo. Charlotte is unsure of her future with him, as she believes he takes more interest in his celebrity models, most notably a young and popular American actress named Kelly , than he does in her. At the same time, Bob's own 25-year marriage is tired and lacking in romance as he goes through a midlife crisis. One night, after a long photo shoot, Bob retreats to the hotel bar. Charlotte, sitting at a table with John and friends, notices Bob and has a waiter bring him a bowl of peanuts from her table. Later, Bob and Charlotte have brief encounters each night at the hotel bar, until Charlotte invites Bob to meet up with some local friends of hers. Bob accepts and arrives later at her hotel room dressed in clothes that appear to be designed for a younger generation. Meanwhile, the two begin a friendship and bond through their adventures in Tokyo together while experiencing the differences between Japanese and American culture, and between their own generations. On the penultimate night of his stay, Bob attracts the attention of the resident vocalist. The next morning, Bob awakens to find the woman in his room, having apparently slept with her. Charlotte arrives at his room to go out for breakfast only to find the woman in his room, leading to conflict and tension over a subsequent lunch. Later that night, during a fire alarm at the hotel, Bob and Charlotte reconcile and express how they will miss each other as they make one more trip back to the hotel bar. On the following morning, Bob is set for his departure back to the United States. He tells Charlotte goodbye at the hotel lobby shortly before checking out and sadly watches her retreat back to an elevator. While riding in a limousine to the airport, Bob sees Charlotte on a crowded street and he gets out and goes to her. Bob embraces Charlotte and whispers something  in the tearful Charlotte's ear. The two share a kiss, say goodbye and Bob departs."] ["Set in 1990s Pittsburgh. Montel  and Clyde  are friends who couldn't be less alike. An introverted photographer, Montel wants to meet the one right girl for him and settle down to build a family, while Clyde is a flamboyant womanizer just out for a good time. At a party, they meet Adina , a sexy golddigger seeking a wealthy husband with robotic determination, and her shy law clerk friend Brandy . The couples pair off in predictable combinations, but while the brief encounter between Clyde and Adina quickly implodes when she discovers that Clyde's success is an act and his Porsche is borrowed, the relationship between Montel and Brandy blooms into a true romance. Eventually, they decide to move in together, motivating Clyde and Adina to reunite in a selfish scheme to break their best friends up using whatever treacherous means they can employ."] ["Matt Sullivan  and his roommate, Ryan , are co-workers at a San Francisco dot-com company. Matt is obsessed with his ex-girlfriend, Nicole , who has just gotten engaged. He confides to his brother, John , who is training to become a Catholic priest, that he has sexual problems because of his obsession. Matt vows to go without sexual activities for 40 days and 40 nights for Lent. In this movie it is also implied that Matt does not masturbate or otherwise actively seek orgasm for the same period, since doing so could be considered sexual. John warns Matt that celibacy is not easy; meanwhile, Ryan starts a popular office pool to bet on how long Matt can last. Matt meets Erica , a cyber nanny, and begin to date. They face many challenges in their relationship, including her discovery of his celibacy vow and Matt's continuing feelings for Nicole. Matt's co-workers make many unsuccessful attempts to persuade him to have sex in order to win the pool, and as the days pass Matt's obsession with sex grows. At one point he angrily grabs a pornographic magazine from an office desk and begins to march towards a toilet stall in order to masturbate, but his co-workers stop him and convince him to maintain his pledge. Despite the range of increasingly powerful cultural incentives to sex and orgasm surrounding Matt — scantily-dressed women, billboards, et cetera — Matt's commitment holds, and begins to frustrate a lot of the people around him who had fully expected him to break it long before he could get close to his goal. In the meantime, Erica and Matt are falling in love, and they plan a special encounter for the 40th night to celebrate him successfully completing his vow. On the 40th day, a newly single Nicole learns of the betting pool, makes a large bet and then rapes Matt while he is asleep. Erica subsequently believes Matt dishonored his vow and was unfaithful to her, but Matt wins Erica back by reminding her of the special moments they shared during their relationship. The two reconcile in Matt's bedroom for many hours, with his co-workers making a new betting pool on the duration of their stamina."] ['A young lady  about to get married realizes that she has a problem: she fantasizes about every man she sees. She goes to confess at church but unknowingly confesses to a young man  who is not a priest. He agrees to help her, but falls in love with her along the way. Unfortunately she still thinks he is a priest.'] ["The story focuses on Kishen , a well-to-do businessman, who is unhappily married to Mala . They have a grown-up son, Bunty , who does not want to get married because of the loveless relationship between his parents. Bunty's girlfriend, Tanya , keeps proposing to him but he always rejects. On their 35th anniversary, Kishen and Mala get in an argument because of her friend Kundan . Kundan had been in love with Mala for 30 years and still dislikes Kishen. This leads to a fight between Kishen and Kundan. After the fight, Tanya takes Bunty to her grandfather, Anthony Gonsalves , who happens to be a scientist and he is working on a time machine. Anthony asks Bunty why he refuses to get married. Bunty says that he is scared of marriage because his parents seem so unhappy with theirs. When Bunty returns home, Kishen and Mala are fighting again. But this time it goes too far and they decide to get a divorce. When Bunty hears this, he runs back to Anthony's lab to use the time machine and go back in time, so that he can make his parents fall in love. Without Anthony's supervision, Bunty enters the time machine and goes back to a time before his parents got married. He finds his grandfather's house, where he sees Kishen. Bunty realizes that the younger Kishen is a nerd. Then he sees the younger Mala and notices that she is attractive as well as spirited. Mala keeps making fun of Kishen. Bunty makes Kishen over into a 'cool dude' with the help of Mala's friend Mona . While helping them, Mona falls in love with Bunty. Bunty creates a plan to help Mala realize her love for Kishen. He tells Kishen to ignore Mala, while she is becoming friendlier towards him. The plan succeeds in awakening Mala's feelings and she realizes her love for Kishen. She tells Mona about her feelings. However, Kishen and Mala's parents are against love marriages and, therefore, do not accept their relationship. So the lovers, helped by Bunty, decide to elope. Kundan takes Mala's mother Bholi Devi  and servant Bhikhu , along with Kishen's father Rai Bahdur , to chase the love birds. At the end of the chase, Kishen slaps Kundan for his bad behavior. Their parents accept Kishen and Mala's relationship. Mona proposes to Bunty but he tells her that he loves another woman, who is waiting for him. Bunty then uses the time machine to return to the future. As expected, his parents are deeply in love with each other. But, unexpectedly, Mona and Kundan are also married to each other. Bunty then takes Tanya aside, proposes to her, and is accepted."] ["Gwyn Marcus  has always wanted a marriage like her parents. She has just accepted the proposal of her boyfriend Matt , but she has some misgivings about their future together. Her fear of commitment grows as she learns of the various affairs that her family is having. With her sister Leslie  getting married and her brother Jordan  already married, her mother  is growing concerned about Gwyn's being the last single person in the family. But the more she thinks about marriage, the more she must search for the balance between career, marriage, and family"] ['Gloria  has been sent to her old hometown of Grimley to determine the profitability of the pit for the management of British Coal. She also plays the flugelhorn brilliantly, and is allowed to play with the local brass band, made up of miners from whom she must conceal her purpose. She renews a childhood romance with Andy , which soon leads to complications. It is later revealed during a confrontation between Gloria and the management of the colliery that the decision to close the colliery had been made two years previously, and that this was to have gone ahead regardless of the findings of her report; the report simply being a P.R. exercise to placate the miners and members of the public sympathetic to their plight. The passionate band conductor, Danny , finds he is fighting a losing battle to keep the rest of the band members committed. His son Phil  is badly in debt and becomes a clown for children\'s parties, but fails to prevent his wife and children walking out on him. As Danny,  collapses in the street and is hospitalised from pneumoconiosis or a similar disease, Phil, who is later revealed to be struggling with the guilt of having voted to take a lump sum rather than fight the closure of the colliery, has a breakdown while entertaining a group of children as part of a harvest festival in a church. Saying he doesn\'t know much about harvest festival, he offers to tell a story about God, which descends into a foul-mouthed satire about how the Tory Party was created  then, after being asked to leave, and being told "May God forgive you." gestures towards the effigy of Jesus on the cross and reels off a list of perceived injustices, asking "What the bloody hell\'s He playing at?" before parting with "You\'ve been great. My name\'s Coco the Scab." Later  he attempts suicide by trying to hang himself from the girders of one of the colliery\'s winding towers. He is spotted, still in his clown costume, by two security guards who, it is assumed, save him. Danny, lying in a hospital bed, notices Phil\'s clown shoes as he is pushed by the door to his ward on a trolley. While talking in the hospital, Phil reveals to Danny that in light of the colliery\'s closure, the band has decided not to continue playing. With the intention that it will be their last performance, the band,  play "Danny Boy" late at night outside the hospital. Andy, having pawned his tenor horn, whistles along with his hands in his pockets. After they finish, they all switch off their lamps. As the colliery itself is finally closed, the band finds success in the national brass band competition. Andy wins his tenor horn back in a game of pool, and having forgiven Gloria, after she gives them the money she was paid to compile the report,  the band travel to the final at the Royal Albert Hall in London,   where they are amused by the woman on the P.A. system in the dressing room\'s inability to pronounce colliery, with an older band member remarking "I bet she\'s glad the bugger\'s closed." Before departing, Phil leaves a note for Danny, which is found on the bed by a nurse along with Danny\'s pajamas the next morning. The note simply says: "WE\'RE GOING!" Danny arrives, in uniform, just in time to see the band win the competition with a stirring rendition of "The William Tell Overture", during which Phil notices his wife and children are in the audience. Danny refuses to accept the trophy stating that it\'s only human beings that matter and not music or the trophy and that "...this bloody government has systematically destroyed an entire industry. OUR industry. And not just our industry— our communities, our homes, our lives. All in the name of \'progress\'. And for a few lousy bob". However, despite this moving gesture, another band member takes away the giant cup with a typical Yorkshire "Don\'t talk so bloody soft". The film ends with Andy and Gloria kissing passionately on the upper deck of an open topped bus travelling through London, while the rest of the band play Land of Hope and Glory conducted by Danny.'] ['Lieutenant Ted Jackson  is a former U.S. Navy frogman who divides his time between twin careers as a deep sea diver and nightclub singer. Ted discovers what he believes could be a fortune in Spanish gold aboard a sunken ship and sets out to rescue it with the help of go-go dancing yoga expert Jo Symington  and friend Judd Whitman . Gil Carey , however, is also after the treasure and uses his girlfriend Dina Bishop  to foil Ted\'s plans. Elvis sings six songs in the movie: the title song, "I\'ll Take Love", "Sing You Children", "You Gotta Stop", "Yoga Is as Yoga Does" in a duet with Elsa Lanchester, and "The Love Machine".'] ['Tripp , a 35-year-old man, is still living with his parents Al  and Sue , in Baltimore, Maryland. Tripp\'s best friends Demo  and nerdy Ace  are also still living in their parents\' homes and seem proud of it. Al and Sue are not happy, and are fascinated when friends whose adult son has recently moved away from home reveal that they hired an expert to arrange the matter. The expert is Paula , who theorises that men continue to live at home out of low self-esteem. Her approach is to establish a relationship with the man to build up his confidence and transfer his attachment from his parents to her. Her step-by-step process is deceitful; while avoiding physical intimacy, she allows her subject to fall in love with her, pretending to like what he likes, allowing him to help her through a  crisis, obtaining the approval of his friends, and giving him the opportunity to teach her something: he then moves out to become more independent. Tripp is soon discovered to not fit any of Paula\'s previous profiles, having normal social skills and no problems with self-esteem. He does not commit to long term relationships, and uses his living with parents as a dumping mechanism. After an awkward encounter with his parents, Paula thwarts his attempt to dump her and stays for the night, all the while developing real feelings for him. She and Tripp find themselves sailing unfamiliar waters and confide in their friends. Paula\'s vocation exasperates her terminally-hip roommate, Kit , who believes that Paula\'s own breakup with a live-at-home man is the unhealthy motivation behind the job to which she has given over her whole life. Paula, on the other hand, is shocked when the true reason for Tripp\'s situation is revealed to her: his life essentially collapsed when the woman he was engaged to suddenly died, leaving him emotionally devastated, and his family has been his source of solace ever since. She read her mark all wrong. Entrepreneurial Ace discovers what is going on and blackmails Paula for a date with Kit; although Kit is more attracted to slacker Demo, she and Ace wind up bonding over a problem and fall in love. Ace spills the beans to Demo, who in turn ultimately reveals all to Tripp, leading to the film\'s crisis. Tripp confronts both his parents and Paula, who split in bitterness and guilt, and Tripp moves out, possibly never to speak to his parents or trust a woman again. Wracked with guilt, Paula refunds Al and Sue\'s money, but can\'t escape being scathingly dressed down by Kit for essentially being an arrogant con artist. After an awkward confrontation , Tripp manages to forgive his parents despite not understanding why they couldn\'t be upfront with him. Still, he can\'t forgive Paula for her manipulations. Tripp\'s parents and friends devise a plan to reconcile the two lovers. They tie up and gag Tripp and lock him and Paula together in a room, while a contrite Paula pours her heart out to him. In the end, it seems that falling in love, and moving out of one\'s parents\' house, are all part of following nature\'s course. The movie ends with Al and Sue in their empty nest, happily singing "Hit the Road Jack", and Tripp sailing away with Paula on his newly-purchased boat .'] ['May, a single mom, wants to become an actress. Her next-door neighbor August, a bodybuilder, wants to become a worthy successor to his hero, Arnold Schwarzenegger. They live in a district of Los Angeles known as Echo Park, not far from Dodger Stadium, and dream of a better life. Jonathan, a pizza delivery boy, arrives at May\'s door and is immediately smitten with her. As he entertains her young son, Henry, she goes out to pursue an acting opportunity that has come along, only to discover that it involves disrobing in private residences, delivering "strip-o-grams." May gives that a try, August tries to meet his idol at a reception at the Austrian embassy, while Jonathan worries that the two are more than mere neighbors.'] ['The bulk of the story takes place in Monaco. The plot is centered around Alex , his sister  and her husband , who operate a business designed to break up relationships, but only where the woman is "not knowingly unhappy." The trio concoct elaborate, custom ruses to deceive the women. After each woman has fallen for his act, Alex tells her she has made him come alive again, but that it is too late for him. The women presumably each leave their relationships to seek men who makes them feel as Alex has. They are hired by a wealthy man , who is a florist and possible gangster, to prevent the wedding of his daughter Juliette  to Englishman Jonathan . The problem is that they only have 10 days to do so before the wedding. The task is further complicated because the couple appear to be in love and absolutely perfect for each other. They also could not find the usual "flaws" in the couple that they are used to looking for in couples to break them up. Alex, massively in debt to a loan shark through his own lavish spending on the business, is pressured into putting aside his honourable principles to complete the seemingly impossible job with only five days till the wedding. Alex becomes Juliette\'s bodyguard in order to gain close and constant access to her. While on the job, Alex finds out things that Juliette likes and pretends to like these things as well to impress her; some of these things include Dirty Dancing, Roquefort cheese and George Michael. Eventually the two develop feelings for each other but the early arrival of Jonathan disrupts Alex\'s access to Juliette. The night before the wedding Alex and Juliette sneak out and have a wonderful time, and early the next morning Juliette confesses her feelings for him. Alex begins his usual script but, realising he cannot be with her after how he has deceived her, abruptly changes it and says she should get married. The next day as Alex is leaving the hotel, his brother-in-law inadvertently drops Juliette\'s case file in front of her. Seeing the surveillance photos and her background information, she realizes her father has hired Alex to try to stop the wedding. Alex leaves for the airport, but his sister chides him for walking away from real love to return to an empty life of fake seduction. He runs toward the wedding from the airport. Meanwhile, Juliette\'s father tells her that while Jonathan is a decent man, she will be bored with him. While they are walking down the aisle, he tells her that Alex refused to take any payment for the contract. Before reaching the end of the aisle, Juliette turns and runs away from the ceremony to find him. The two meet and kiss after Alex confesses that he hates Roquefort and George Michael and has never seen Dirty Dancing, but still needs to see her every day. As the credits roll it is revealed that the loan shark Alex owes money to actually works for Juliette\'s father.'] ['Russ Ward is a Broadway producer who has been out of town. On returning to New York, everybody wants a piece of him: ex-wife Kathryn Ward, hard-drinking playwright Jeremiah "Mac" MacDonald, magazine reporter Roy Morton, business manager Miles Atwood and lawyer Charles Montgomery, one after another. The main topic of discussion is "Give Me Your Hand," the new play Russ is producing. The reporter hears it\'s in trouble, but Russ says that\'s untrue. It will be ready for its Boston tryout right on schedule, he vows. Kathryn keeps reminding him of his age, which Russ likes to lie about. Russ tells loyal young secretary Ellie Brown it probably is time to retire, because this new show is a mess. He and writer Mac have a story about a middle-aged man romancing a 22-year-old woman and just can\'t seem to make it work. Ellie is in love with Russ, so much so she proposes marriage to him. That gives him an idea. What if the play had the young woman pursuing the man? That way he wouldn\'t seem such a lecher. A delighted Mac rewrites it and everyone involved works on it at the Long Island mansion where the former actress Kathryn lives, partly thanks to her alimony from Russ. A rich backer named Bacos wants in, but Atwood says his money isn\'t needed because an anonymous angel is financing the whole show. Ellie reads the woman\'s part and strikes everybody as perfect for it. Gordon Reynolds gets the male lead and promptly falls for Ellie, but she\'s being led on by Russ, who doesn\'t discourage her love for him. The show\'s so-so in Boston and a few of them panic, but Russ insists it\'ll be a hit on Broadway and, sure enough, he\'s right. Now he needs to let down Ellie gently, and next thing he knows, she and Gordon have gotten married. Ellie returns exasperated because Gordon wants to give up theater and move to Montana. She strips and leaps into Russ\'s bed so Gordon can catch her there and demand an annulment. Everybody gets every misunderstanding sorted out. The newlyweds decide to compromise, and Russ, who finally has figured out that Kathryn was the anonymous angel who financed the show, is ready to give their relationship a second act.'] ["Joni works as a film/reel delivery man in Jakarta. One day, while waiting for the next pick-up, Joni meets a charming girl who is going to catch a film with her boyfriend Otto. The girl would only reveal her name to Joni if he successfully delivers the reels on time. However, things do not turn out well on that day as Joni faces obstacles such as the city's notorious traffic and various people that may disrupt his task."] ["Two boys are born on the same day. One is Rahul Mehta , born with a silver spoon in his mouth to a rich family in England; another is Sameer , born in a middle-class Brahmin family somewhere in Mumbai. Both grow up until they are destined to exchange places on their 22nd birthday. Rahul Mehta's parents died when he was young, and he lives with his grandfather Shambunath Mehta . He wants to visit India to see his parents' graves though his grandfather doesen't want him to go. He is afraid Rahul may fall in love and ruin himself like his parents did. With much persuasion, he comes to India and manages to escape his guardians, Ram Singh  and detective Mirchandani , at the airport and catches a taxi. The driver of the taxi is none other than Sameer who, not knowing Rahul's true identity, keeps cursing the rich guy for being born on the same day him and enjoying the wealthy life. Later, Rahul discloses his identity and Sameer feels ashamed, but both become good friends. Rahul does not want to go back to his wealth-ridden world, so he asks Sameer to take his place and let him take Sameer's place. So Rahul becomes the taxi driver and informs Ram Singh that someone will be coming to them in his place. Sameer reaches the hotel, and Ram Singh has a tough time grooming Sameer to behave like a rich guy. Rahul goes to Sameer's place where he finds Sameer's sister Paro  and falls in love with her. Sameer, while attending a meeting with one V.P. Mathur , who is the caretaker of Mehta Industries in India, meets Mathur's daughter Pooja  and falls in love with her. Mehta industries is in shambles because of corrupt managers. The union leader Dattabhau  explains this to Sameer . Sameer takes care of this and reopens the company, declaring equal profit sharing among labourers. At the Shastri's place, Paro's father P.V. Shastri  comes to know of Rahul and Paro's love affair and is enraged since Rahul is a Christian. Balu comes into the picture and pacifies the situation. Rahul decides to turn into a Brahmin so that he can marry Paro. Rahul's grandfather in England learns what is happening with Rahul and comes to India to control the situation. However, since the control of Mehta Industries has gone out of the Mathurs' hands, they decide to kill Rahul and Shambhunath. Rahul and Sameer fight to save Shambhuath from the gangster hired by the Mathurs to kill him."] ["Sherman 'Tank' Turner  is a hack comedian with a small penis.{{cite book}} If a guy loses a girl and wants her back, he gets in touch with Tank and pays him to take the girl on a bad date. Throughout the evening Tank inevitably behaves in the most moronic fashion causing the girl to realize that her ex was not really such a bad guy after all. He shares an apartment with his step cousin Dustin  who has fallen for his work colleague Alexis . Dustin takes Alexis on a date and confesses his love but she insists they remain friends. After the date Dustin explains his situation to Tank who volunteers his services. Dustin initially turns him down but the next day sees Alexis flirting with another co-worker and begs Tank to take Alexis out. Tank bumps into Alexis and they arrange to go out. He behaves badly all night but Alexis is too drunk to care. When he drops her off she expects him to come in but he resists the temptation out of loyalty to Dustin. Alexis calls Dustin but when they meet she explains that her date with Tank has motivated her to see other men. Dustin sends Alexis roses and an apology poem in Tank's name. Alexis calls Tank at work and berates him for leaving early the previous night. Tank goes to see Alexis and they end up having casual sex on a regular basis while Dustin begins a series of desperate attempts to stay friends with her. Tank's feelings for Alexis start to grow but after consulting with his father , he has doubts that he is deserving of a serious relationship with her. While attending the wedding of Alexis' sister Rachel , he realizes that she is one of his previous bad dates. The groom, Josh , asks Tank to keep quiet about his use of his services. After overhearing Alexis telling Rachel that she has fallen for him, Tank's guilt causes him to sabotage their relationship and call Dustin to apologize. Dustin arrives at the wedding reception and reveals Tank's schemes to Alexis. Tank points out his clients, including the groom, and is punched and thrown out. Alexis, distraught from the fact that she felt used, never wants to see either of them again. Later, while talking with Dustin and his father, he realizes that he loves Alexis and they encourage him to reconcile with her. He finds her and jogs with her for a few miles, in the attempt to make amends, but Alexis is unmoved. Three months later, Tank is on a date when Alexis and her roommate Ami  see him. Alexis walks up to him and throws wine in his face, ruining his date. She then lets it slip that both she and Rachel are pregnant with his children. Tank, who is shocked but also happy, engages in a play argument with her. After some name-calling and bantering, they kiss and reconcile."] ["Dil  is getting engaged to Abhay Thakur against he wish. Suddenly she feels pain in her heart and it is discovered she has a hole in her heart. Abhay's uncle who is from London decides to send Dil to London for her treatment. There she meets Jeet and after a few meetings, they fall in love with each other. Later during a party,where Dil and Jeet are, Abhay Thakur comes there and Abhay's uncle announces that Abhay and Dil are engaged. Jeet becomes heratbroken. Abhay takes Dil back to India and start getting ready for the wedding. Jeet's father says go to India and get my daughter-in-law. Jeet's father sends a letter with Jeet to give to a woman. The woman was Jeet's real mother and she gave her son to the couple that lives in London because Abhay's father had misunderstandings with her. Jeet finds out and he then introduces Dil to her. Abhay's father warns Jeet's real mother to tell her son to stay away from Dil as she is getting married to his son. Jeet still goes and meets Dil. On the day of the wedding Jeet and Dil run away to get married in a temple where Jeet's London parents are there too. Unfortunately, Abhay and his father reach there and stop the wedding. Later when the Thankur is about to shoot Jeet, Thakur's sister-in-law comes in front and clears out the misunderstanding between everyone. Everone there present watches Dil and Jeet get married."] ["A group of women arrive by bus to a small town in the depopulated central Province of Guadalajara, where there is a scarcity of single women and economic opportunities. The men have organized an annual party to get to know available ladies with the hopes of falling in love and finding a wife. Women hope to find stability, companionship, immigration papers or a combination of the three. The group of women include: Marirrosi a divorced nurse from Bilbao who is lonely and looking for love; Patricia a young woman with two children from the Dominican Republic who has been in Spain illegally and unable to find work; and Milady a beautiful black young Cuban who wants to see the world at any cost. They come to the town filled with eager men but not lots of opportunities other than farming. Patricia settles with Damian, a hardworking farmer who lives with his mother, Gregoria. Looking to find stability for her young children and a hard worker herself, Patricia tries in vain to find common ground with her stern mother-in-law, who seems to reject her because of her skin color and the fact that her son is no longer under her control. Patrica, with more time and experience in Spain, befriends the newcomer Milady. Milady settles with Carmelo an older Spanish man who wooed her in Havana. Carmelo tries to impress her with a big television and modern kitchen, but what she really wants to do is go to discos and have fun. She is in no way ready to settle down. Her dream of a life in Europe is very different from his fantasy of life with a gorgeous young wife. Milady is flirty and does not love Carmelo. Wanting to see the ocean in Valencia, she takes a ride from a truck driver. When she comes back to town, the jealous Carmelo gives her a beating. Milady wishes she could leave him, but she has few friends a no real place to go. Marirrosi, the oldest of the three women, has a grown up son and is tired of her job in Bilbao. She finds love with Alfonso, a gentle soft spoken gardener. However, she is unwilling to give up city life for fields and cows while he is not made for city life. Unable to resolve their differences, she eventually breaks up with him. At the farm, Patricia receives the visit of some of her friends and this generates a confrontation with Gregoria, but Damian’s comes to Patricia’s defense and the relation between the two women improves. However the father of Patricia’s two children reappears in her life wanting to take advantage of her steadier situation. In a frank talk with Damian, Patricia admits that if she could have found work and been able to take care for herself either in the Dominican Republic or Spain, she probably wouldn't have married him. But now that she is there, she offers herself as a companion and as a stable love. Milady captures the attention of Oscar, a young man infatuated with her. He helps her escape the town but in a stop in a hotel he also leaves him, taking the road on her own. Damian and Patricia have an argument after her honest revelation. He believes that she is taken advantage of him and she decides to leave with her children. At the last minute, persuaded by his mother, Damian stops them for leaving and he and Patricia reconcile. At the local church, Patricia’s daughter makes her first communion. Alfonso is devastated when he receives Marirrosi’s letter breaking up with him. Carmelo deals alone with his disappointment of Milady’s sudden departure. At the village’s bar Alfonso gives some advice to the local single men. Another bus, full of hopeful single women, is arriving to town."] ['EDtv starts off with the television channel True TV commencing interviews for a TV show that shows a normal person\'s life 24/7. This idea was thought up by a TV producer named Cynthia . They interview Ed Pekurny  and his brother, Ray . When the producers see the interview Cynthia decides to use Ed and interviews only Ed. So now they start airing the show, which they call Ed TV. The show is a total failure at first, as only boring things happen and the main producers want to pull the plug, except for Cynthia. However, Ed TV suddenly gets interesting on Day 3 when Ed visits Ray. Ed  discovers that Ray is cheating on his girlfriend Shari . Ed then visits Shari to apologize to her for Ray\'s actions. Shari is very drunk and starts insulting Ray, by talking to the camera. She makes everyone laugh and gasp by saying "Ray was a bad lay." Ed tries to comfort Shari, and he reveals he has feelings for her. She then reveals she has feelings for Ed as well. They slowly move their faces closer and finally kiss each other. Ed then locks out the camera crew and proceeds to passionately kiss Shari for a while. Ed TV suddenly becomes extremely popular. Ed then goes on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno and meets beautiful model/actress Jill  who takes a liking to Ed. Ed then visits Shari and she tells Ed that she does not want to be with him until the Show stops airing. She then leaves town. Ed goes to the park with Ray and some friends to play football when Jill comes to talk to him, because Cynthia brought her in to earn more ratings. She invites Ed to dinner at her house. When he arrives at Jill\'s house, there is a massive crowd. They have a small talk, and then they kiss on top of a table. They are about to have sex, but then Ed falls off the table and squishes Jill\'s cat. Ed never sees Jill again. Ed\'s father , who abandoned his family when Ed was 13, unexpectedly visits Ed and informs him that he left because Ed\'s mother was having an affair with Ed\'s current stepfather, Al . Ed is furious with his mother and argues with her. Next, Ed gets a phone call telling him to come to the hospital. The doctor says that his father is dead and that he died making love to his wife. Ed thinks this means Al, but it actually is his real father and that Ed\'s mother was cheating on Al. After the funeral, Ed becomes disheartened by the fact that the producers want him to stay on longer and that he cannot do anything to change their minds or he would be in breach of his contract. Ed is depressed until he catches a glimpse of Shari . He chases her for a long time until she stops in the women\'s bathroom in a movie theater. She says she is staying with her brother as it is his birthday and she just wanted to see Ed. But she does not want to be with him until the show stops. When Ed exits, one camera man stays with Shari saying that it is the producers\' new idea. The main camera man tells him that all his family are being filmed, but they show the most interesting person. Ed gets an idea on how to stop the main producer from showing the show: he says that he will give $10,000 to the person who can give him the best amount of "dirt" on the producers and that he will announce it live, with the desired result being they stop airing the show before he can make the announcement. As Cynthia feels sorry for Ed, she tells him a secret of the main producer. Ed announces the secret  but before he can announce who it is they stop airing the show.'] ['Emily "Jacks" Jackson, who spent her childhood in America, now lives and works in London, at British Vogue, and shares an apartment with her gay friend Peter Simon, a screenwriter. Afraid to be disappointed by a serious relationship, Jacks prefers to spend her free time with her friends and sleep with her ex-boyfriend, James, whom she doesn\'t love. Peter, who has never been in a relationship, spends too much time in his dreams and as a result cannot fall in love with a real person. It gets more complicated with the entrance of Paolo, a photography assistant for one of the photographers at Vogue. As the film develops, they come to realize their mistakes and eventually reach their happy endings.'] ["In the 1940s near the end of the Japanese era of Taiwan, an unnamed teacher  dispatched to the southernmost town of Hengchun falls in love with a local girl with the Japanese name Kojima Tomoko . After the Surrender of Japan, the teacher is forced to return home as Taiwan was placed under the administrative control of the Republic of China. On his trip home, he pens seven love letters to express his regret for leaving Kojima Tomoko, who originally planned to elope with him to Japan. More than 60 years after the teacher left Kojima Tomoko, Aga  is introduced as a struggling young Hengchun-native rock band singer who could not find success in Taipei. After returning to his hometown, Aga's step father , the Town Council Representative, arranged a position for him as a postman, replacing the aging Old Mao , on leave after a motorcycle accident broke his leg. One day, Aga comes across an undeliverable piece of mail that was supposed to be returned to the sender; the daughter of the now deceased Japanese teacher has decided to mail the unsent love letters to Taiwan after discovering them. Aga unlawfully keeps and opens the package to discover its contents, but the old Japanese-style address Cape No. 7, Kōshun District, Takao Prefecture can no longer be found. Meantime a local resort hotel inside nearby Kenting National Park is organizing a beach concert featuring Japanese pop singer Kousuke Atari, but Aga's step father makes use of his official position to insist that the opening band be composed of locals. Tomoko , an over-the-hill Mandarin-speaking Japanese fashion model dispatched to Hengchun, is assigned the difficult task of managing this hastily assembled band, led by Aga along with six other locals of rather particular backgrounds. After a frustrating trial period, Aga and Tomoko unexpectedly begin a relationship. With some assistance from hotel maid Mingchu , who is revealed to be Kojima Tomoko's granddaughter, Tomoko helps Aga find the rightful recipient of the seven love letters. Tomoko then tells Aga that she plans on returning to Japan after the concert because of a job offer. After returning the seven love letters, a heartbroken but determined Aga returns to the beach resort and performs a highly successful concert with his local band alongside Kousuke Atari while Kojima Tomoko reads the letters."] ['Jenny  is an unpretentious mall promodizer searching for true love. A hopeless romantic, her quest leads her to Benjie , a cargo pilot who offers her the love she truly yearns. An unlikely romance begins when she hitches a ride with Benjie to attend a wedding in Palawan. On board, they openly show their dislike for each other but when the aircraft crashes in an unknown island, the two turn to each other for comfort and eventually absolve their differences.What fans expect from KC, Richard journal.com.ph'] ["Tony Ryder's uncle, the wealthy owner of a newspaper, has just died. The young playboy Tony inherits the paper but is left with a board of directors that thinks he's unsuited for the task, plus a hotel detective who thinks Tony should know about a girl who was seen running away from his uncle's Palm Beach hotel room, wearing nothing but a Turkish towel and an earring, on the night of his death. Tony discovers that the young lady in question, Katie Robbins, is employed in his own research department. The board decrees that he must send in the detective to watch her and head off any attempts at blackmail. But the more time Tony spends trying to get Katie to open up about what her relationship to his uncle was, the less he cares. Complications ensue in the form of Ms. Robbins's fiance -- he's a straight-laced veterinarian -- and the board's insistence that Katie be silenced at all costs."] ["There is unrest in the upper class Marshwood house as Nigel, the Earl of Marshwood, is engaged to a film actress, Miranda Frayle. However, disapprovals run riot due to the fact that Nigel would be marrying below his class. When Nigel brings Miranda home to the Marshwood estate to meet his family, Lady Marshwood's  maid Moxie  reveals that Miranda is her sister; they devise a charade so that Moxie may meet her sister as an equal. However, when Miranda lies about her past , Moxie finds it harder and harder to hide her identity. Meanwhile, Miranda's ex-boyfriend and fellow film star Don Lucas  arrives, wanting Miranda back."] ['Benjamin  is an aspiring songwriter who attempts to break into the music business by giving a copy of his recording track of a Christmas album to a rap artist named J-Jizzy . Nancy  is a divorced mother, who is too busy taking care of her three children to take care of herself. Her daughter Emily  overhears her mother say that she wished for a compliment from a man, and the daughter tells the local mall\'s Santa Claus about her mother\'s wish. The Santa Claus turns out to be Benjamin, who notices Nancy. Later, while sitting in a Starbucks after his shift as Santa, Benjamin and his friend Jamal  see Nancy go into a dry cleaners. Benjamin borrows Jamal\'s jacket, pretends to drop it off at the cleaners, tells Nancy that she\'s a very attractive woman , and leaves. Eventually, the two start to date and end up falling in love—without Ben realizing that Nancy\'s ex-husband is J-Jizzy. Things take a turn for the worse, however, because Nancy\'s oldest son, John-John  is jealous of Benjamin going out with his mother and plots to break up the relationship. What follows is a series of funny and touching scenes that show viewers what "family" is really about. Queen Latifah and Terrence Howard play omniscient roles in the movie. Howard is a mischievous and sly angel named "Bah Humbug", while Latifah is the kind, thoughtful angel, called "Mrs. Christmas".'] ["Theodora Lynn  is a Sunday school teacher and former church organist raised by two spinster aunts, Mary  and Elsie Lynn . She also happens to be, under the pen name Caroline Adams, the secret author of a bestselling book that has the straitlaced Lynnfield Literary Circle in an uproar. When it is serialized in the local newspaper, the Circle, led by outraged busybody Rebecca Perry , forces Jed Waterbury ([[Thomas Mitchell  to stop printing the salacious installments. Theodora travels to New York City on the pretext of visiting her uncle John ([[Robert Greig , but actually to see her publisher, Arthur Stevenson . Though Stevenson reassures an anxious Theodora that only he and his secretary know her identity, his wife Ethel  pressures him into an introduction, which the book's illustrator, Michael Grant , overhears. Intrigued, Michael invites himself to dinner with the Stevensons and Theodora. Theodora becomes annoyed when Michael smugly assumes that she is a teetotaler, so she orders a whiskey. As the night goes on, she becomes drunk. So does Ethel, forcing Arthur to take his wife home and leaving Theodora alone with Michael. When he makes a pass at her, she panics and flees, much to his amusement. He tracks her down to her hometown and blackmails her into hiring him as a gardener, scandalizing her aunts and providing Rebecca Perry plenty to gossip about. Michael declares that he is going to break Theodora out of her confining routine, ignoring her protests that she likes her life just the way it is. Despite herself, she enjoys herself very much when Michael makes her go berrypicking and fishing with him. Finally, she gets up the nerve to tell the disapproving women of the Literary Circle that she loves him. When she tells Michael what she has done, he is less than thrilled. The next day, Theodora finds that he has gone away. She tracks him down to his Park Avenue apartment. He admits he loves her, but then his father , the Lieutenant Governor, shows up, followed by Michael's wife, Agnes . The estranged couple are only remaining married to avoid causing a political scandal for Michael's father. Theodora determines to free Michael just as he had done for her. He wants her to hold off until his father's term ends, but she is unwilling to wait that long. To that end, she courts publicity. She finally crashes the Governor's ball and arranges for reporters to photograph her embracing Michael. Agnes seeks a divorce to avoid looking like a fool. Theodora returns to Lynnfield and is warmly welcomed as a celebrity, even by her now-supportive aunts. She causes further talk when she brings a newborn baby with her. When Michael, now divorced, sees the child, he tries to flee, but then Theodora reveals that the baby belongs to Rebecca Perry's own secretly-married daughter."] ['With only four days until the bar exam, an utterly unprepared law intern, Rick Robinson , is given a rare opportunity to score points with his boss, Maxwell McAllister  and without thinking, commits to a favor he cannot afford. Rick soon finds himself stuck in a grueling cross country road trip driving a rundown U-Haul truck carrying all his boss\'s worldly possessions. To make matters worse, he is left in charge of Mr. McAllister\'s bratty Hollywood-bound niece Michelle  and her out-of-control pet pig. The trip from Miami to Los Angeles meets several snags. The truck breaks down on a backwoods road in the deep South, and Rick\'s clothes are burned by the hillbilly family providing them refuge for the night. Later, another breakdown results in Rick being knocked unconscious. He is rescued by a peculiar hitchhiker called Orlie , who finds a motel room for him and Michelle. Orlie asks to accompany Rick and Michelle, and is accepted, as Rick believes he owes him a favor for his rescue. Michelle takes a shine to Orlie, and they proceed to have fun at Rick\'s expense. After Orlie forces Rick into an unusual encounter in a fast food restaurant lavatory, Rick decides to leave him behind. He and Michelle grow closer to one another, following a stop at a Texas beach. Rick permits Michelle to drive, despite the insurance liability, due to fatigue. He wakes to find Michelle has taken them to Wichita, Kansas and Rick\'s home. Consequently, Rick is forced into a painful confrontation with his mentally ill father, an experience for which Michelle apologizes. They grow even closer as Michelle relates her life growing up. The pair travel to Colorado, where the truck runs out of gas. A semi in which Orlie is traveling as a passenger comes to their aid. Following a stop in a small town, the truck  is stolen by men working for local crime boss "The Lady" . The Lady forces Rick and Orlie to fight in a cage match before he returns the truck, impressed by the show they put on. Crossing into Utah, Orlie spots a landscape that matches a drawing in his notebook. He believes that he has switched bodies as some past moment when he was near death, and believes that the person now occupying his body will arrive here. A switch can then take place. Orlie leaves Rick and Michelle, telling them to keep going. As the window for Rick to safely arrive back in Miami for the bar exam narrows, he rejects Michelle\'s assertions that there is something special between them. Rick drives straight to Los Angeles, arriving in Malibu where Mr. McAllister is waiting for them at his beachside property. He states that Rick has arrived late, but does not appear overtly concerned. Realizing he must hurry to fly back to Miami, Rick rushes to the taxi McAllister has arranged for him, leaving Michelle asleep in the truck. At the airport security checkpoint, Rick realizes he is making a terrible mistake as he observes the Polaroid photos Michelle has snapped throughout their trip. Knowing he is meant to be with Michelle, he scrambles out of the airport and returns to Malibu. Finding Mr. McAllister, Rick confesses his feelings for Michelle. McAllister, having heard similar sentiments from Michelle regarding Rick, thanks him for returning and asks him to take care of her. McAllister adds that his law firm will be opening a Los Angeles branch. The movie ends as Rick reunites with Michelle on the beach, and a man approaches Orlie back in Utah.'] ['Play The Game is a 2009 indie film that tells the story of a young ladies\' man, David, who teaches his lonely, widowed grandfather how to play the dating game, while playing his best games to win over Julie, the girl of his dreams. But as David\'s "foolproof" techniques prove to be anything but in his pursuit of Julie, the same techniques quickly transform Grandpa into the Don Juan of the retirement community. Slowly, the teacher becomes the student, and Grandpa must teach David how to win back the love of his life. But both David and Grandpa Joe may have met their match in more ways than one, leading to a surprise twist ending that makes the audience look back at the entire film in a new light.'] ['In Rio de Janeiro, Tati  meets her boyfriend Marcelo  on his birthday and he breaks-up with her, claiming that she is not romantic. An unbalanced Tati enters the class of the biologist Conrado  and hears his lesson about evolution, where he tells that modern women have destroyed years of evolution with their attitudes and lack of romanticism. Later, Tati meets Conrado on the street and offers to work with him in his thesis. Conrado teaches Tati the correct behavior of a woman and how to seduce her mate. Meanwhile Marcelo feels jealous about Conrado, who feels attracted by Tati and learns that his theory is not correct. A love triangle is formed.'] ["Allgood Butts is a young promiscuous male hairdresser whose goal in life is to sleep with as many women as possible . His guardian angel  does not approve of his philandering and confronts him while he has sex with his 390th woman, telling him that if he sleeps with another woman, he'll die. Allgood's struggle with his temptation becomes even more difficult when two attractive women enter his life."] ['Alex "Hitch" Hitchens  is a professional "date doctor" who coaches other men in the art of wooing women. While coaching one of his clients, Albert Brennaman ([[Kevin James , who is smitten with a client of his investment firm, celebrity Allegra Cole , Hitch finds himself falling for Sara Melas , a gossip columnist who is determined to unmask and ruin the so-called "date doctor" after one of his "clients" had a one-night stand with her best friend. Sara doesn\'t realize that Hitch refused to work with this "pig" and that all of his clients "like women". While Albert and Allegra\'s relationship continues to progress, Hitch finds that none of his tried and tested methods are working for him, despite being a master of the art. After Hitch is unmasked, he and Sara break up, and Allegra and Albert follow soon. Finally, Hitch confronts Allegra and convinces her to reunite with Albert, before reconciling with Sara. In the process, he makes the startling discovery that he doesn\'t really do anything significant besides allowing his clients to get the attention of the woman and giving them confidence, and that most of his customers  really were successful by just being themselves.'] ['Lucy Kelson  is a liberal lawyer who specializes in environmental law in New York City. George Wade  is an immature billionaire real estate tycoon who has almost everything and knows almost nothing. Lucy\'s hard work and devotion to others contrast sharply with George\'s world weary recklessness and greed. Lucy meets George in an attempt to stop the destruction of the Coney Island community center from her childhood. He attempts to hire her to replace his old Chief Counsel, Amber. She knows of his playboy tendencies, but he promises to protect the community center if she works for him. She soon finds that what he really requires is advice in all aspects of his life. She becomes his indispensable aide, and he calls her for every little thing. She finally gets fed up with the situation and gives him her two weeks\' notice of resignation after he sends her a message of an "emergency" while she is at her friend\'s wedding, since the emergency is, as she finds out, that he is unable to choose what to wear to an event. He is deeply troubled by her resignation and tries to convince her to stay. He also tries to block her from getting any other jobs, as an attempt to make her stay. He finally gives in and has her train her replacement, the attractive and flirtatious June Carver , before she quits. Lucy then gets jealous of June before she leaves. After she\'s gone, George realizes that his time with her has really changed him, as he keeps the promise he made to her in the beginning even if it means it costs his company millions. Meanwhile, in her new job, Lucy is missing him terribly. He goes in search for her, and they confess their feelings for each other. The movie ends with Lucy ordering take out in her apartment with George making jokes about the size of the apartment. Usually when she orders and is asked how many, Lucy replies, "one," but this time, with a sly smile, Lucy replies, "this is for two."'] ["Rose Morgan, a shy, plain, middle-aged English literature professor at Columbia University, shares a home with her vain, overbearing mother Hannah. Her attractive sister Claire starts preparations for her second wedding to Alex , who used to date Rose, so she begins to feel her loveless life is empty. Gregory Larkin, a Columbia Mathematics teacher who feels sex complicates matters between men and women, since he seems to lose all his rational perspective as soon as he is aroused. After his last girlfriend dumps him after one last night stand before she gets married, based on a suggestion by a sex-phone service, he decides to look for a relationship based on the intellectual rather than the physical and places an ad in a newspaper. Claire reads the ad and answers on behalf of Rose. Gregory is intrigued when Claire tells him that Rose teaches English literature at Columbia, so he drops in in Rose's lecture about chaste love in literature, missing entirely the point she was making. After a series of mishaps they begin dating and he is impressed by her wit and knowledge and seems to be fascinated by her quirks and mannerisms which usually drive people crazy. She is also fascinated by the dashing math professor and even helps him improve in his teaching techniques. He proposes marriage, with the condition it will be largely platonic, with rare sex only if she needs it. The prospect of spending the rest of her life as a lonely spinster living with her mother seems far worse than a marriage on those conditions, so Rose accepts. Rose's attraction to Gregory grows, and one night she attempts to seduce him, much to his annoyance. He had hoped that by then she had given up on the idea of sex, though he admits he initially raised its possibility. He abruptly breaks off their attempt at physical intimacy when he finds himself becoming truly aroused and fears that it will change the safe, comfortable feelings he feels towards Rose. When Gregory departs on a lengthy lecture tour, Rose embarks on a crash course in self-improvement: she diets, exercises, changes her hairstyle, learns to use makeup, and outfits herself in an updated wardrobe. When her husband returns he finds a very different woman waiting for him and is too startled to express his feelings before she admits that she made a mistake accepting their passionless marriage, and leaves him. All the while Rose realizes that everyone, including herself, is behaving differently now towards her improved-self, though not always to her liking. Gregory and Rose realize their mutual love has been hindered not by Rose's appearance, but by Gregory's unusual theories on marriage and sex, and finally recognize their deep affection."] ["The film is mostly based on a series of seven loosely related stories of couples on Hampstead Heath in north London, featuring an ensemble cast. The scenes appear out of sequence and jump back and forth between one story and another. Husband and wife Jamie  and Molly  are lying on the grass, discussing footballers and multiple orgasms. Molly notices Jamie staring at a pretty girl nearby, Sophie . When he is challenged about it, he pretends he was looking at the book the girl was reading, L'Etranger by Albert Camus. Immediately seeing through his lies, Molly questions Jamie about the book, who claims it is a western about a man who eventually becomes sheriff. In order to embarrass Jamie and expose him as a liar, she then approaches Sophie to question her about the book as well. Iris  and Eddie , an older couple, meet on a park bench, and start talking about London's skyline and wondering about the couple to whom the bench is dedicated. They discover that they both come to the same bench on different days of the week. They are both widowed. In talking about their past, they also discover that, nearly fifty years before, they had met romantically at that spot and that is why they both kept coming back. They walk off to climb to higher ground, bemoaning the difficulty with climbing hills as they get older. They are bemused by the irony of meeting again, and have mixed feelings as they no longer represent an idealized partner in each other's minds. They talk about seeing each other again, but Iris also decides to visit her ex-husband's grave, now appreciating more their time together. Anna , a disturbed young woman with extreme mood swings, is crying and arguing with her boyfriend Ludo , who eventually walks off. She is then approached by a young man, Noel  who, in a confused way, asks after her welfare and tries to make her laugh. She asks to be left alone, but he sits next to her and appears to meditate. His weird behaviour interests her and they strike up a conversation, but she becomes annoyed with him. She suddenly orders him to have sex with her right away but subsequently leaves him with his pants around his knees. Noel re-appears in the film several times as he chances upon other characters. Gay life-partners Billy  and Brian  are also lying on the grass, discussing other gay men and The Good Life. Billy has trouble giving up casual sex with other men, while Brian wants him to be faithful to him. They later talk about adopting children, which Billy wants but Brian doesn't. Billy promises to give up casual sex when the two adopt children, which convinces Brian to think about it. However, seconds later Billy runs off in pursuit of an attractive man who passed them. Peter Brian Maxwell  and Sara Louise Williams  meet on a different bench. It transpires that they are married and have a seven-year old daughter, Eve , but are getting divorced from each other. However, they have mixed feelings about this because they still care for each other. Louis  meets Esther  and discusses Louis' father's funeral. Louis presents Esther with tickets for a holiday in Barbados. They discuss a variety of issues like a traditional couple, but in the end it transpires that Esther is an escort and is paid for her time with Louis. Gerry  and Julia  sit on a rug enjoying some red wine and cheese. They stumble over modern terminology for ethnic minorities and not being, or appearing to be, racist. They talk about former relationships and children and, as they are both in their early forties, Julia worries that she will no longer be able. The two are on a blind date together - Julia's first. They seem to be getting along well until Julia's attention is briefly drawn towards Louis, who passes them. Insulted by this, Gerry decides to leave abruptly."] ['The story begins on "the strangest day" of Larry Burrows  life consisting of a series of comic and dramatic misadventures. Larry, who blames all of his life\'s problems on the fact that he struck out during a key moment of a high school baseball game, wishes he had done things differently. His wish is granted by a guardian angel-like figure named Mike , and appears at various times as a bartender, a cab driver, and so on. Larry soon discovers that Mike has transferred Larry into an alternate reality in which he had won the pivotal high school game. He now finds himself rich and  powerful, and married to the boss\'s  sexy daughter Cindy Jo Bumpers . At first, his new life seems perfect, but he soon begins to miss his best friend Cliff Metzler  and wife Ellen  from his previous life; he also discovers that his alternate self has created many enemies, like Jewel Jagger , and as Larry\'s problems multiply, he finds himself wishing to be put back into his old life.'] ['Ray Rehman  is a half-American, half-Pakistani male, in his mid-twenties, who has moved to LA from New Jersey to pursue an acting career. He auditions for roles by day and works as a bartender at night. He lives with his lifelong best friend, Sal. As a child, Rey\'s father taught him that he should marry a Pakistani woman and follow a Muslim morality. However, Rey only dates white women and is only vaguely Muslim. He also leads his father to believe that he is an investment banker, though his mother knows the full truth about his career and his love life. Rey proposes to his girlfriend, Noelle, and despite insisting that she wants to say yes, she tells him that she has to put off her answer until after a family vacation so that she can get her parents to agree to the marriage. Ray is disappointed but optimistic. When he comes home one evening, his father has come all the way from New Jersey and is sitting on his porch. Ray learns that his mother threw his father out. He insists that his parents try to reconcile, but his father says he will only agree to if Ray agrees to meet with the daughter of one of his Pakistani friends living in LA. Irritated and promising nothing, Ray agrees. During the course of the dinner, which includes Ray, his father, Sana  and Sana\'s parents, Ray and Sana go outside and soon discover that they have a lot in common, not the least of which is their half-white, half-Pakistani heritage. At the close of evening, Ray\'s father concludes that Ray does like Sana, a fact that confuses and frustrates Ray; he reveals to his father that he has proposed to Noelle and is awaiting her answer. Ray and Sana then meet by chance in a bookstore, and they connect further. While Ray and his father are golfing, Noelle calls and tells Ray that she is tired of trying to please her parents and that she will marry him, to Ray\'s delight. Meanwhile, Ray\'s parents have some contentious phone conversations, sparked by Ray\'s pleas for a reconciliation. Ray\'s mother surprises everyone by appearing on Ray\'s doorstep, and the parents work to make amends. Tensions flare, however, when the mother finds out that the father put Ray up to seeing Sana. As they argue, Ray gets a text message from Sana and they tacitly agree to meet up again. Ray\'s mother finds him and tells him that she apologizes if she ever discouraged him from meeting girls that were more like him; they hug and he goes to work. Noelle suddenly comes to visit Ray, but finds his parents home instead. She casually mentions that Ray works at a bar, which infuriates Ray\'s father. Meanwhile, at work, Sana comes to visit Ray; she is tipsy and very flirtatious and encourages him to take his break. She pulls him into the men\'s bathroom and begins to caress him; he mildly protests, saying he needs to tell her something, but eventually concedes to a kiss. He then suddenly shouts "I\'m engaged" to a stunned Sana, before he apologizes profusely and exits the bathroom to find Noelle standing there. Moments later, a breathless Sana exits. Noelle storms out. A little later, his father appears, furious about Ray\'s deceit. Ray explains that he does not know how to do the things his father wants, namely, make a lot of money and marry a Pakistani woman. Ray also accuses his father of hypocrisy, as he did not conform to Pakistani ideals either. After work, Ray finds a very angry Noelle at her home. After he assures her that he didn\'t have sex with Sana, he hesitantly agrees to never see Sana again and the couple agrees to never discuss the incident again. The next day, he meets Sana at her house and apologizes to her again but explains that he had never met anyone who understood him better than her. Sana seems to cheer up and tells him she is leaving to teach English in Mexico. They hug. Later, Ray has a conversation with Sal about fate, and Sal asserts that everyone can make their own choices. The conversation inspires Ray to go and end his engagement with Noelle. Three months pass and Sana  stops by with a sombrero she brought him from Mexico. They reconnect and they have lunch together.'] ['The film opens with a bully fight between two individuals on a rainy night in a deep, dark forest. In the opening scene, a title card is presented with a Upanishad quote: "Death is just the beginning of another life". It follows a flashback Karthik ([[Arya  is a young happy-go-lucky carefree architect, who, one day, comes across a young beautiful girl, Sandhya  in a go-karting race. Karthik immediately falls in love with Sandhya and, having decided, that she is the right girl for him, wants to convince her to marry him. Sandhya is a pediatric doctor and became so due to her love for children. Karthik, after finding out several information about her, first arranges a meeting with her, by pretending to her, that she had caused a car accident and damaged his car. When that approach, however, fails, he eventually goes to the hospital, where Sandhya works, becoming a regular visitor there and making all kinds of possible efforts to woo her. Sandhya, however, has other interests and shows no signs of reciprocating his love, since she believes, Karthik is too carefree and not serious about life, who, nonetheless, keeps following her and trying still to convince her. When, one day, Sandhya\'s parents tell her about her to-be-fixed marriage, she, finally recognizes, that Karthik is apparently the right boy and gradually falls for him, slowly developing a deep love for him. She wholeheartedly agrees with the marriage. Simultaneously, a morose mysterious man, Eashwar , always moving around with the Rottweiler dog Bruce, goes to see Naushad , a software engineer, who happily lives with his eight-year-old son Imaan . Naushad, a few months ago, had hit Eashwar\'s wife, Gheetha , and his son, Naveen, to death in a car accident. Eashwar, apparently mentally disturbed, who keeps murmering, that his son has died, thinks, that the death of his family members was not an accident, but a planned murder by Naushad and that, therefore, he is solely responsible for their death. Eashwar keeps following Naushad, telling that Naushad doesn\'t understand the pain of losing a child, that he was undergoing, and threatens him, that he will feel the same pain only, when his own son dies. When a workmate of Naushad informs him, that Eashwar had visited him and requested information about Naushad, and tells him to be aware, he and his son escape to a place of his friend, which is located at the Elliots beach in Chennai. Meanwhile, Karthik and Sandhya, who do spend time together, happily enjoying life, are ready for the marriage and make plans for the future. Karthik, then, suddenly requests Sandhya to postpone their marriage for a year, but in which he meets with disapproval, since Sandhya persists on marrying at the earliest possible date. To solve this problem, they decide to hold a cycling race across the Elliots beach road, dealing, that the winner may make the decision, which has to be accepted by the other person. At the same time, Imaan and his friend fly a kite on the terrace of Naushad’s friend. Suddenly Imaan faints and falls, which distracts the boys, who were around him, and they let the kite slip and fly away, the thread cuts loose. Sandhya, who is ahead of Karthik and leading the race, rides straightly into the kite thread, which cuts her neck, injuring her fatally. She eventually dies in the hospital because of severe blood loss. Six months later, Sandhya\'s father visits Karthik, who is devastated, grief-stricken, trying to convince himself in vain. Sandhya’s father then informs Karthik, that even after death Sandhya has saved the life of a child, since her heart has been transplanted into a boy, who incidentally happens to be Naushad’s son Imaan. Karthik becomes emotional and is overjoyed, that at least one part of his love is alive and goes to meet Naushad and Imman. He finds out, that they’ve left their home in Chennai and moved to Munnar in Kerala. He travels to Munnar to meet them there and finally gets to see them and feels happy again. Meanwhile Eashwar, who had followed Karthik, arrives in Munnar as well, where he meets a car mechanic Sajid, who played professionally football with Eashwar, a few years ago and who allows Eashwar to stay at his home. Karthik a last time goes to see father and son, before he wants to leave for Chennai, when then suddenly a car tries to hit Imman to death. Karthik, who was just readying to go home, comes back and is able to save Imman. Shocked by that incident, Karthik doesn’t believe, that it was merely an accident and wants Naushad to tell the truth, who has been admitted to hospital after having been injured in the accident. Karthik then gets to know about Eashwar, who was the man in the car, and his intentions. Eashwar has bought the same car, which “killed” his family members and seeks revenge for their death by killing Naushad’s son Imaan in return to “equal it”. Karthik then decides to take Imaan along him to a nearby place, where he had stayed before, promising Naushad, that he will protect and look after Imaan. Subsequently, Karthik tries to befriend Imaan, who dislikes Karthik, doesn’t want to stay with him, but rather with his father and doesn’t obey him. When they, later, go by car, Karthik and Eashwar encounter themselves and Karthik, somehow, finds himself threatened by Eashwar. It follows a cat and mouse chase, whereas Eashwar wants to dispose of Karthik to get to Imaan and to kill him. Sajid sees, Eashwar chasing Karthik and offers to help by hiring people, who will kill both silently without mentioning Eashwar’s and Sajid’s names. How Karthik protects Imaan and saves him from Eashwar as a tribute to Sandhya and his love forms the crux of the story.'] ['Alice , the only relatively normal member of the eccentric Sycamore family, falls in love with Tony Kirby . His wealthy banker father, Anthony P. Kirby ([[Edward Arnold , and his snobbish mother , strongly disapprove of the match. When the Kirbys are invited to dinner to become better acquainted with their future in-laws, things do not turn out the way Alice had hoped.'] ["To Rome with Love follows four different concurrent but unrelated plotlines taking place in the Eternal City. American tourist Hayley falls in love and becomes engaged to Italian pro bono lawyer Michelangelo while spending a summer in Rome. Her parents, Jerry and Phyllis, fly to Italy to meet her fiancé and his parents. Jerry happens to hear Giancarlo’s  beautiful operatic voice while the latter sings in the shower. As a former admittedly avant-garde and critically reviled opera director, Jerry feels inspired to bring Giancarlo’s gift to the public. Although Giancarlo protests that he sings for himself and doesn’t want to go professional, Jerry pushes the issue until Giancarlo agrees to audition in front of a room of opera bigwigs. Outside the safety of his shower, Giancarlo’s confidence abandons him. He makes faces and he is humiliated. Michelangelo, who attended the audition too, accuses Jerry of using his father to achieve some level of fame for himself. It occurs to Jerry that Giancarlo, like most people, sings the most confidently when he has some measure of privacy. In Giancarlo’s case, he performs best in his shower. Giancarlo, naked but for a towel, premieres at the Teatro dell’Opera di Roma. Jerry has built him a shower onstage, and Giancarlo sings as he washes. The opera attendees love his strange performance, so Jerry and Giancarlo decide to stage Pagliacci, shower and all. Again, Giancarlo’s rich voice mesmerizes the crowd, and he receives rave reviews though Jerry's direction is once again utterly reviled, a fact he is not aware of since he doesn't understand Italian. Giancarlo decides to retire from opera singing, because he prefers working as a mortician and spending time with his family though he appreciates being given the chance to live his dream of performing Pagliacci. Newlyweds Antonio and Milly move from their rustic hometown to Rome because Antonio’s posh uncles have offered him a job in their family’s business. The couple check into their hotel, and Milly decides to pop down to the salon to fix her hair. When the concierge informs her that there’s no available appointments, Milly decides to go to a nearby salon – but becomes hopelessly lost. When she tries to call Antonio, she accidentally drops her phone through the slats of a sewer grate. Defeated, Milly eventually sits down on the edge of a fountain. When she looks up she sees one of her favorite actresses, Pia Fusari, about to shoot a scene. Pia invites Milly to watch her film, and Milly becomes even more excited when she learns her celebrity crush Luca Salta is also in the film. After the scene wraps, Pia introduces Milly to Luca, who invites Milly out to lunch with him. Meanwhile, Antonio is back at their hotel. He’s desperate to find Milly, because his relatives will soon arrive to take them out to lunch. Someone knocks at the door, and, thinking that Milly has returned, he rushes to answer it in his underwear. Anna, a prostitute, bursts into his room. She has mistaken him for a client, and she refuses to leave until they have sex. Anna wrestles Antonio to the bed, but his relatives interrupt them before anything untoward happens. His uncles mistake Anna for Milly, and when it becomes too complicated to explain the truth, Antonio goes along with the ruse. He convinces Anna to pretend she’s Milly for the afternoon. Eventually the group dines at the same restaurant that Luca takes Milly. Antonio seethes with jealousy as Luca flirts with Milly. Lastly, Antonio’s uncles and aunts take him to a fancy party so he can meet important Italian dignitaries. Antonio has nothing in common with the men his uncles introduce him to; coincidentally, most of the male guests are Anna’s clients. Anna and Antonio go for a walk in the garden, and Antonio talks about how pure and good Milly is. When Anna finds out he was a virgin before he met Milly, she seduces him in the bushes. Luca brings Milly to his hotel room. He also tries to seduce her. Luca complements Milly's charm, but she doesn’t know if she can cheat on Antonio. She goes into the bathroom to get some perspective, and she ultimately decides to have sex with Luca. As Milly strips, a man with a gun jumps out of the shower. He takes Milly into the bedroom and demands that she and Luca give him their money and their jewelry. Suddenly, Luca’s wife and her private investigator begin banging on the hotel room’s door. Mrs. Salta wants photographic proof of her husband’s indiscretions, and the prospect of divorce frightens Luca more than the burglar. Milly and the burglar climb into bed and fool Mrs. Salta into believing the hotel room is theirs while Luca hides in the bathroom. Once his wife has left, Luca runs off, and the burglar begins flirting with Milly. She has sex with him instead. When she returns to the hotel room, she and Antonio decide to return to their rustic hometown. Their love life has been reinvigorated. Leopoldo lives a mundane life with his wife and two children. The best part of his day is watching his boss’s beautiful secretary Serafina walk around the office. Inexplicably, he wakes up one morning to discover that he has become a national celebrity. Paparazzi document his every movement. Reporters ask him what he’s had for breakfast, if he wears boxers or briefs, whether he thinks it will rain. Leopoldo even becomes a manager at his company, and Serafina sleeps with him. He begins dating models and attending fancy film premieres. The constant attention wears on him, though. One day, in the middle of interviewing Leopoldo, the paparazzi spot a man “who looks more interesting,” and they abandon Leopoldo. At first, Leopoldo welcomes the return to his old life. But one afternoon he breaks down when no one asks for his autograph. Leopoldo has learned that life can be monotonous and wearying whether one is a celebrity or a normal man. Still, it’s much better to be a weary celebrity than it is to be a weary regular man. John, a well-known architect, and his wife are visiting Rome with friends. John lived there some thirty years ago, and he’d rather check out his old haunts than go sightseeing with the others. John meets Jack, an American architecture student, while he’s looking for his old apartment building. Jack happens to live there and invites John up to the apartment he shares with his girlfriend Sally. Sally tells Jack that she invited her best friend Monica to stay with them while she recovers from a rough breakup. According to Sally, Monica gives off a sexual vibe that drives men crazy. John predicts Monica will bring trouble, but Jack can’t imagine why he would be attracted to his girlfriend’s best friend. Monica arrives, and one of her first conversations with Jack is about her intense sexual relationship with a lingerie model. Because Sally has classes, she often asks Jack to show Monica around Rome. Monica impresses Jack with her knowledge of literature and art. Meanwhile, John keeps telling Jack that Monica will lead him to trouble and criticizes her pseudo-intellectual facade . Even though John cautions Jack against cheating with Monica, he cannot help but succumb to her charms. Sally sets Monica up with one of their friends, and Jack is jealous of their relationship. One night he and Monica decide to cook dinner for Sally and her boyfriend. They flirt more and more until Jack summons the courage to kiss Monica. She returns his passion, and they go down to his car to have sex. The next morning, they decide Jack should wait until Sally finishes her midterms for Jack to break up with her. The trio go out for lunch after Sally’s finals, and when they’re alone Jack tells Monica he plans to dump her that night. They make plans to travel to Greece and Sicily together. Suddenly, Monica, an actress, receives a phone call from her agent. She can barely contain her excitement as she tells Jack that she’s been offered a role in a Hollywood blockbuster. She will film in Los Angeles and Tokyo for the next four months. At the drop of a hat, Monica becomes completely focused on preparing for the role. She forgets about traveling with Jack, and he realizes how shallow she is. John and Jack walk back to the Roman street corner where they met and part ways forever."] ['Spunky shopgirl Betty Lou Spence  has a crush on her handsome employer, Cyrus Waltham, Jr. , the new manager of and heir to the "world\'s largest store". However, they belong to different social classes, and he is already romantically linked to blond socialite Adela Van Norman . Cyrus\'s silly friend Monty ([[William Austin  notices Betty, though, and she uses him to get closer to Cyrus. When she finally gets Cyrus\'s attention, she convinces him to take her on a date at Coney Island, where he is introduced to the proletarian pleasures of roller coasters and hot dogs, and has a wonderful time. At the end of the evening, he tries to kiss her. Betty Lou slaps his face, and hurries out of his car and into her flat. She then peeks out her window at him as he is leaving. Betty bravely proclaims herself as an unmarried mother to protect her sickly roommate Molly  from having her baby taken away by a couple of meddling welfare workers. Monty arrives at just the wrong moment, forcing Betty to continue the charade with him. He tells Cyrus. Although he is in love with her, Cyrus offers her an "arrangement" that includes everything but marriage. Betty Lou, shocked and humiliated, refuses, quits her job, and resolves to forget Cyrus. When she learns from Monty about Cyrus\'s misunderstanding, she fumes, and vows to teach her former beau a lesson. When Cyrus hosts a yachting excursion, Betty Lou makes Monty take her along, masquerading as "Miss Van Cortland". Cyrus at first wants to remove her from the ship, but he cannot long resist Betty Lou\'s it factor; he eventually corners her and proposes marriage, but she gets him back, by telling him that she\'d "rather marry his office boy", which accomplishes her goal, but breaks her heart. He then learns the truth about the baby, and leaves Monty at the helm of the yacht to go find her. Monty crashes the yacht into a fishing boat, tossing both Betty Lou and Adela into the water. Betty Lou saves Adela, punching her in the face when she panics and threatens to drown them both. At the end of the film, she and Cyrus reconcile on the anchor of the yacht, with the first two letters of the ship\'s name, Itola, between them. Monty and Adela are upset at losing their friends, but it is implied they pursue a relationship with each other as the film ends.'] ["Wai-Tung Gao and Simon are a happy gay couple living in Manhattan. Wai-Tung is in his late 20s, so his Taiwanese parents are eager to see him get married and have a child. The early part of the film is madcap comedy. When Wai-Tung's parents hire a dating service, he and Simon stall for time by inventing impossible demands. Chinese opera singers are always men, so they demand an opera singer and add that she must be very tall, must have two PhD's and should speak five languages. The service actually locates a 1.75 m  Chinese woman who sings Western opera, speaks five languages and has a single PhD. She is very gracious when Wai-Tung explains his dilemma, as she, too, is hiding a relationship . At Simon's insistence, Wai-Tung decides to get married to one of his tenants, Wei-Wei, a penniless artist from mainland China in need of a green card. Besides helping out Wei-Wei, Simon and Wai-Tung hope that this will placate Wai-Tung's parents. Mr. and Mrs. Gao decide to fly in from Taiwan, bringing US$30,000 to hold a magnificent wedding ceremony for their son. Wai-Tung dares not tell his parents the truth, because his father has just recovered from a stroke; they go through with the wedding. However, the heartbreak his mother experiences at the courthouse wedding prepares the story for a shift to drama. The only way to atone for the disgraceful wedding is a magnificent wedding banquet. After the banquet, Wei-Wei seduces the drunken Wai-Tung, and becomes pregnant. Simon is extremely upset when he finds out, and his relationship with Wai-Tung begins to deteriorate. In a moment of anger, after a fight with both Simon and Wei-Wei, Wai-Tung admits the truth to his mother. She is shocked and insists that he not tell his father. The perceptive Mr. Gao sees more than he is letting on; he secretly tells Simon that he knows about their relationship, and, appreciating the considerable sacrifices he made for his biological son, takes Simon as his son as well. Simon accepts the Hongbao from Wai-Tung's father, a symbolic admission of their relationship, but Mr. Gao makes him promise not to tell anyone; without everyone trying to lie to him, he points out, he'd never have gotten a grandchild. After making an appointment to have an abortion, Wei-Wei decides to keep the baby, and asks Simon to stay together with Wai-Tung and be the baby's other father. In the final parting scene, as Wai-Tung's parents prepare to fly home, Mrs. Gao has clearly forged an emotional bond to daughter-in-law Wei-Wei. Mr. Gao accepts Simon and warmly shakes his hand. In the end, both derive some happiness from the situation, and they walk off to board the aircraft, leaving the unconventional family to sort itself out."] ['Giles De\'Ath  is a British writer who doesn\'t use or understand anything modern. One day, he forgets his keys and locks himself out of his flat. It begins to rain, so he goes to see an E. M. Forster movie but, instead, accidentally enters the wrong theatre and sees the teen flick Hotpants College II starring Ronnie Bostock . He becomes instantly infatuated with Ronnie\'s beauty and obsessed with the young actor. He goes to his movies in the cinema, buys teen magazines and cuts out pictures of him, and buys a VCR and TV in order to play rented video tapes of his movies. He lets his housekeeper come into his office less and less, so that he can do these things undisturbed. As he becomes more and more infatuated, it becomes more obvious to those around him that Giles is becoming disturbed, though they don\'t know why. His friend and agent suggests that he take a holiday. Giles sets out to meet Ronnie in Long Island, New York. He flies to Long Island and takes a train to Ronnie\'s home town where he takes a motel room for several weeks. He searches the town for Ronnie - unsuccessfully at first - but finally spots Ronnie\'s girlfriend and follows her to the supermarket. Giles rams his shopping cart "accidentally" into the girlfriend and makes up a story about his god-daughter, Abigail, being in love with Ronnie. The girlfriend, Audrey , is seemingly glad to have found a fan-base for Ronnie in England, and spends the day talking to Giles. She then tells him that she and Ronnie will invite him over at another time, and they can talk about Ronnie\'s career. Eventually Giles becomes a regular visitor at Ronnie and Audrey\'s house. Ronnie is flattered by Giles, and Giles is able to stay longer in his presence by claiming that he will write a new script for Ronnie, one that better suits his acting abilities. Audrey becomes suspicious of Giles\'s motives regarding Ronnie, and she tells Giles that she is taking Ronnie to see her parents for an extended visit. Giles is very upset, and in a last-ditch effort, he confronts Ronnie and tells him how he feels about him. He says that many artists have had younger male lovers, and that Ronnie should split up with Audrey because it is obvious to him  that it won\'t last. Ronnie rejects Giles but seems genuinely concerned for him. Giles goes back to England, and from the cinema watches Ronnie\'s next film: another Hotpants College movie.'] ["Lucía, a children's book writer, is travelling to Brazil with her husband on vacation, when her husband disappears after going to the airport bathroom. She later learns that he was kidnapped by a group called the People Workers Party that wants 20 million pesos from her. Her husband frantically tells her to find the money in his aunt's safety deposit box. With the help of her neighbours, a Spanish Civil War veteran, and a young musician, Lucía sets out to find his kidnappers. She eventually discovers the truth about his disappearance after learning from the police that her husband is accused of being part of an elaborate embezzlement scam from within the Treasury Department of the government and may have possibly faked his kidnapping."] ['When elderly Mr. Bush  is appointed justice of the peace, he starts marrying couples on Christmas Eve. However, his appointment is only valid on the first of January. Two years later, this issue becomes known, when one of the six couples he married files divorce. To avoid a bigger scandal, the remaining five couples are informed that they are not really married.<ref name http://www.allmovie.com/movie/were-not-married-v53686 |titleAllMovie |date2012-03-04}} The film then shows how the couples react on the news: * Couple #1: is Steve Gladwyn  and Ramona , a husband-and-wife radio team whose huggy-kissy behavior on the air conceals the fact that they\'d dearly love to cut each other\'s throats. * Couple #2: consists of Jeff Norris  and his Beauty contest-happy spouse Annabel , who\'s just won the "Mrs. Mississippi" pageant. * Couple #3: is Hector Woodruff ([[Paul Douglas  and Katie , who ran out of things to say to each other long ago. * Couple #4: is millionaire Freddie Melrose  and his gold-digging young bride Eve , who intends to divorce him and make off with his millions. * Couple #5: is young GI Willie Fisher , about to be shipped out and his pregnant wife Patsy . In the end, all but Couple #4 get remarried.'] ['{{cleanup}} Emory Leeson is an advertising executive who experiences a nervous breakdown. He designs a series of "truthful" advertisements, blunt and bawdy and of no use to his boss Drucker\'s firm. One of his colleagues, Stephen Bachman, checks him into a psychiatric hospital. Emory goes into group therapy under the care of Dr. Liz Baylor and meets other voluntary patients, such as the lovely and vulnerable Kathy Burgess. There is also George, who can only speak one word: "Hello." By mistake, Emory\'s advertisements get printed and the new campaign turns out to be a tremendous success. Campaigns like: "Jaguar — For men who\'d like hand-jobs from beautiful women they hardly know." and "Volvo — they\'re boxy but they\'re good." Drucker grabs credit for the ads. He assigns Stephen and the rest of his employees to design similar new ad campaigns featuring so-called honesty in advertising, but nothing works. Emory is approached in the sanitarium about creating new ads himself. He insists that his fellow mental patients also be involved and suitably rewarded for their work, transforming the sanitarium into a branch of the advertising industry. They come up with wild advertising slogans, like one for a Greek travel agency that goes: "Forget Paris. The French can be annoying. Come to Greece. We\'re nicer." And another one called "Come… IN the Bahamas" for that island\'s national tourism board. For a new horror movie called The Freak, the ad campaign states: "It won\'t just scare you, it will fuck you up for life!" The patients experience happiness at being needed and improve from their various illnesses. The evil Drucker and the doctor in charge of the hospital get greedy and try to separate the team. But it doesn\'t work. Dr. Baylor defies her boss and Emory negotiates to get new automobiles for all of the patients. He also manages to track down the long absent brother of Kathy, with whom he has fallen in love.'] ['Kum  is a long time Hong-Kong prostitute, when she gets locked in a cash machine vestibule with a would be thief  she tells him some stories of her life as a prostitute and how she come to be where she is today.'] ['The film is based on a play, of the same name, set in 1930’s New York and Connecticut. Tom Collier, Leslie Howard, is a book publisher, who has been living in the city with his best friend, Daisy Sage, Ann Harding, without being married. His wealthy Father, Rufus Collier, Henry Stephenson, wants him to live a respectable life. While Daisy is away, with her work, Cecilia, Myrna Loy, convinces Tom to marry her. Although, their lawyer and friend, Owen, Neil Hamilton, is in love with her; he doesn’t have enough financial resources to maintain her interest. Cecilia tries to get Tom to “sell out”, without his realizing it. She talks him into publishing books that will make money, get rid of his old friends, including “Red”, his prize-fighter friend and butler. She wants Tom to sell his publishing company, live in the city, with his Father, as a "proper gentleman", and take their place in society, which Tom has been fighting all his life; but, is all “Cee” cares about. Daisy tries to stay away; but, she and Tom’s Bohemian friends can’t believe he’s happy. She loves him deeply, and wants to have children with him; but, cares most about his well-being. Tom complains that he\'s losing his soul and integrity. Finally, when Cee offers Tom champagne, to toast selling his publishing company and moving in with his Father, Tom realizes that Cee’s bedroom suite reminds him of a brothel he used to go, as he says, "in vino veritas". When Red tells Tom he is going back to the city, that he can’t stomach anymore, Tom agrees, saying, he’s “going back to his wife,” Daisy. As he leaves, he put a little something on the mantle for Cee, just as he used to, with the girls, in the bordello.   The text of the play, from 1932, is available from Gutenberg. The play emphasizes the estrangement between Tom and his Father, who has never visited his son\'s house, before; and, that Owen, his one "respectable gentleman" friend, introduced Cee to Tom.'] ['Emily Hope  stages her own kidnapping to get the attention of her father. She puts herself into the trunk of her own car , tapes her legs and mouth, handcuffs her hands and calls the police so they can come "rescue" her. But then, unexpectedly, a car thief named Vincent Roche  steals the car with her in it. Suddenly, Emily finds herself actually kidnapped, only the kidnapper doesn’t know what to do with her. Christopher Walken shows up as Emily’s Uncle Ray, Jack Thompson as Emily’s father, and Harry Connick, Jr., as Greg, Vincent’s car-stealing partner.'] ['Sex, love, lies, bed-hopping and mistaken identities abound in this pop musical-comedy set in Madrid. The gorgeous Paula breaks up with her boyfriend Pedro in order to continue her affair with Javier. The immature Javier however, is unwilling to break up with his current girlfriend Sonia, or confess to their affair to Pedro, who happens to be his best friend.'] ["Former acclaimed dancer Na Young-sae  attempts to make a comeback. Young-sae then brings to Korea Jang Chae-rin , an ethnic Korean from China who he presumes is a highly talented dancer. To Young-sae's surprise he soon learns Chae-rin is an inexperienced dancer and her older sister is the talented dancer. With only three months until the Dance Championship, Young-sae attempts to turn Chae-rin into a world-class dancer ..."] ['{{Refimprove section}} Socially inept media geek Archie Williams becomes the most visible kid in school when he announces he\'s going to kill himself on camera for his final video class project. As word spreads, Archie\'s classmates, parents, the most beautiful girl in school, Sierra, and a "Shady Bunch" of teachers, shrinks, doctors, pill-pushers and counselors bombard him – some hoping to save him, some wanting to imitate him, others trying to push him over the edge. Archie films it all, pointing his incisive camera at the realities of life, death, violence, sex, money, drugs, music and media overload. Archie rants with comic accuracy, interweaving documentary footage with his narrative, graphically revealing what teens love and hate, do for kicks, and secretly hide within their souls. The same day he says he is going to kill himself on camera, he is taken away by the Police and brought to a mental hospital, where he repeatedly calls a psychiatrist a "Cunt" on camera, until the same psychiatrist tells him to go back to school and have teachers deal with him. The next day Sierra, the most popular and beautiful girl in school, confronts Archie about wanting to kill himself, along with many other students. He has always liked her but tells her off and leaves her standing alone. But Sierra won\'t give up and confronts Archie again, this time alone, asking if she could write a story about him for the school\'s newspaper, Archie agrees and both start filming. On the roof of the school they both go to, Sierra asks Archie why he would want to die and gets the answer that he\'s never really lived and hasn\'t gotten anything to live for, to which she replies that suicide is "The permanent answer to a temporary problem". Not surprised by this, Archie decides to hang out more with Sierra and include her in his plans. He visits her home and meets the parents, who tell him that their son, Shane, had a car accident last year and died, followed by that is a warning by the family to drive safely. In between the scenes Archibald is seen going to another psychiatrist, talking about life. They both develop a friendship and constantly quote movies. Also, in between David Carradine, Archie\'s inspiration, is seen giving interviews about death. One day Archie films Sierra jumping on his trampoline, her dress flies up and huge scars are seen on her legs, to which she says: "It\'s just a rash" and leaves the irritated Archie alone. The next day he decides to visit Sierra, welcomed by her mother who plans a charity event for her dead son, he asks to meet Sierra and talk to her. They both go to her room and she asks if she can trust him. When he says yes, she takes out a little box, with two razor blades and a piece of paper, a third razor blade is hidden in the paper. She pulls up her skirt, big cuts in her skin are revealed and takes the third razor blade to cut herself. Archie stops her from doing that, she accuses him of being a liar, saying she can trust him. He says she can, she then takes the razor blade and cuts Archie\'s chest. She tells him she wants to die as well and that they want to do it together, on camera. Archie agrees to that and so they make up a plan. They both film everything they do now. Archie is still a virgin, Sierra isn\'t and so she wants him to do a favour, she takes his virginity to not let him die a virgin. Later they go to a party and get really drunk, they also smoke pot and talk to other guests, who are at their school. Archibald goes out with the guys from his high school, talking nonsense. They find that they miss someone from their crew and one camera as well. The boy is found by them with the camera, coming out of a bush. The next morning Archie and his classmates have gym class and get ready in the locker room, Sierra filming the girls and Archie the boys. They go out of their locker rooms at the same time, the boys just stop and stare, whilst the girls start screaming and running away. The two gym class teachers are seen shocked and then the reason is revealed: The boy who had Archie\'s camera last night hangs from the basketball hoop, he has hanged himself there. In shock, Archibald films that, Sierra runs back in with the girls and the Police is called. Outside Archie is attacked by the dead boy\'s best friend, blaming him for getting his friend to commit suicide. Sierra thinks Archie\'s changed his mind about committing suicide with her because he is so shocked and gets mad at him. Archie declared that he still wants to die with her, but gets doubts. He gets in Sierra\'s car, she drives way too fast, screaming at Archie to look inside the glove box. He finds her box with the razor blades and the paper. She tells him to read the letter; it is from her brother Shane, who apparently died accidentally. It says that he can\'t live in this family any longer and that he will kill himself. Archie is shocked by the truth and now knows the real reason Sierra wants to die: her brother. They argue and Sierra kicks him out of her car, driving away. When he gets home, he finds his door open and his parents in his room, watching scenes from his undone movie about killing himself, they see Sierra cutting herself and them both talking about doing "it". Archibald asks them why they even got him, to which the parents firstly reply "Because we love you", but after a second time asking, they admit they only got him because his mother accidentally got pregnant, he was a mistake, but "the best we ever made". Still shocked, Archie doubts everything he has ever done and watches the footage on his camera. His friend who committed suicide is seen talking to the camera, about death, how nobody loves him and how he wants to end it all. Archibald gets into his car and drives to David Carradine\'s home, waits for him to get home and interviews him, whilst doing that he gets a phone call he doesn\'t answer. He tells him everything that\'s happened, to which Carradine replies: "You really are fucked." He then takes Archie out to the street and shows him homeless people, who still make others happy and give back. Archie sees that his problems can\'t be that bad and throws away his gun, with which he wanted to kill himself. He then looks at his phone to see who called him earlier, listening to a message on his mailbox, from Sierra who will kill herself now. Sierra is now seen on camera, talking about how she will take 60 pills to die and talking directly to Archie. Archibald immediately calls 9-1-1 to save Sierra and drives to her house, breaking a window to get it and finding her on the floor, knocked out. Thinking she\'s dead, he cries over her body. Sierra\'s parents come in and push Archie off, thinking it was his fault she is dying. A second later the ambulance comes in, trying to save her. The camera then switches to a funeral; high school friends and Archie are mourning over a grave. It is revealed that it is his friend\'s funeral, the one that killed himself in the gym. It turns out that Sierra could be rescued and they both don\'t want to die anymore. They later sit in Archie\'s room, listening to a message from David Carradine to Sierra. The camera slowly fades out as they kiss and Archie begins to say that the audience will probably think he and Sierra will now have a happy ending and a new beginning etc. etc. But no, Sierra finds a new boyfriend online and enjoys life while Archibald is still single, with his camera, but happy.'] ["Elizabeth Halsey  is a gold digging Chicago-area middle school teacher at the fictional John Adams Middle School who curses at her students, drinks heavily, smokes marijuana, and only shows movies while she sleeps through class. She plans to quit teaching and marry her wealthy fiancé, but when he dumps her after realizing she is only after his money, she must resume her job. She tries to win over substitute teacher Scott Delacorte , who is also wealthy. Amy Squirrel , a dedicated but overly enthusiastic teacher and colleague of Elizabeth, also pursues Scott while the school's gym teacher, Russell Gettis , makes advances on Elizabeth, which she rejects. {{cite web}} After learning Scott's ex-girlfriend had large breasts, Elizabeth plans to get surgery to enlarge her breasts, believing she is being overlooked by him. However, she cannot afford the $9,300 procedure. To make matters worse, Scott admits that he has a crush on Amy, only viewing Elizabeth as a friend. Elizabeth attempts to raise money for the surgery by participating in her 7th grade class car wash in provocative clothing and by manipulating parents to give her money for more school supplies and tutoring, but her efforts are not enough. Amy, acting on the growing resentment between them due to her pursuit of Scott and ignoring of school rules, attempts to warn the principal about Elizabeth's embezzlement scheme, but he dismisses her claims as groundless. Elizabeth later learns that the teacher of the class with the highest state test scores will receive a $5,700 bonus. With this knowledge, Elizabeth decides to change her style of teaching, forcing the class to study intensely for the upcoming test. However, the change is too late and insufficient. The students have low scores on their quizzes, frustrating her even more. Meanwhile, she befriends Russell the gym teacher as Amy and Scott start dating. Elizabeth steals the state test answers by impersonating a journalist and seducing Carl Halabi ([[Thomas Lennon , a state professor who is in charge of creating and distributing the exams. Elizabeth convinces Carl to go into his office to have some sex, but drugs him and steals the test. A month later, Elizabeth wins the bonus and finally completes the money and pays for the appointment to get her breasts enlarged. When Elizabeth learns that Amy and Scott are chaperoning an upcoming field trip, she smears an apple with poison ivy and leaves it for Amy, who ends up with blisters covering her face and cannot go. On the trip, Elizabeth seduces Scott. They dry hump and Elizabeth secretly calls Amy using Scott's phone leaving a message recording all the action ensuring she knows about the affair. However, Scott's peculiar behavior, which was subtly exposed by Russell when Scott would agree with anything even if it's contradictory, disappoints Elizabeth. Elizabeth later gives advice to one of her students  who has an unrequited crush on a superficial girl  in class, which causes her to reflect on how she has been superficial as well. After hearing Elizabeth and Scott having sex, Amy switches Elizabeth's desk with her own to trick the janitor into unlocking Elizabeth's sealed drawer. The evidence Amy finds leads her to suspect Elizabeth cheated on the state exam. Amy informs the principal and gets Carl to testify against her. However, Elizabeth took embarrassing photos of Carl while he was drugged and uses them to blackmail him to say she is innocent. Having noticed her desk was switched, Elizabeth informs the principal that some teachers in the school are doing drugs. When the police bring a sniffer dog to search the school, they find Elizabeth's mini liquor bottles, marijuana and OxyContin pills in Amy's classroom, in Elizabeth's desk. Amy is moved to the worst school in the county by the superintendent. Scott asks Elizabeth to start over, but Elizabeth rejects him in favor of a relationship with Russell. When the new school year starts, Elizabeth is kinder to her co-workers, has started a relationship with Russell, and did not get the breast enlargement because she feels that she looks fine the way she is. Elizabeth also has a new position in the school as the new guidance counselor."] ["The movie is about the struggles and triumphs of 4 friends as they try to figure out the direction of their lives as they approach their mid-thirties. The movie starts off with four friends, Victoria , Zenobia , Cleavon ([[Kevin Hart , and Phil ([[Keith Robinson . The movie begins in the year 1983 as Victoria and Zenobia talk about their futures. Both promise they will get married and live next to each other and that their children will also be best friends like they are. The movie then jumps to the present-day. It is Zenobia's 37th birthday party and Victoria, Zenobia, Cleavon, and Phil are gathered at a table. Both Victoria and Phil are married while Zenobia and Cleavon are still single. While at the party Cleavon notices a beautiful woman. He tells Zenobia, and she then calls the girl over. Cleavon, very nervous and awkward around her, attempts to ask for her number only to fail in doing so, but discovers her name is Falinda . Each of the four friends are still trying to find their way in life and love. Victoria wants to start a family with a husband who isn't interested in children, Phil is trying to balance supporting and caring for his family with a wife who isn't interested in being a mother, and both Zenobia and Cleavon are still trying to find love. Most of the movie follows Cleavon trying not to reveal that he makes a living by donating sperm every week."] ["A story about a troubled young businessman, Prakash . He is married to Sapna , who is the daughter of famous rich businessman, Rajiv Chopra . Rajiv Chopra totally hates Prakash, and troubles him all the time. Prakash, who is fed up of being troubled by Chopra, then makes a plan to get Sapna kidnapped to make Rajiv Chopra feel the way he does. He hires two broke strugglers, Rahul  and Harry  who are to be fake kidnappers and kidnap Sapna. The plan rides successfully, and Chopra believes every bit of it. Rahul and Harry demand Rs.1 crores as the ransom money, and the fooled Chopra agrees to pay. As the ransom money has been paid, Rahul and Harry set Sapna free and leave her in a forest, which is also part of Prakash's plan. Prakash arrives at the forest to pick up Sapna, however he realizes that she has been kidnapped again but this time by real kidnappers. This crime caper soon turns into one hilarious joy ride!"] ['All her life, Isabella has suffered from motion sickness. Because of her illness she couldn\'t play much with other children. She stayed at home and learned how to cook, becoming a renowned chef as an adult. She fell in love with Toninho and they opened a restaurant together, with Isabella stuck in the kitchen and Toninho out front taking the credit. The only way for Isabella to control her motion sickness is to control her motion. She must drive, take stairs instead of elevators, lead while dancing and must be on top during sex. Toninho feels emasculated by this and has an affair with a neighbor. Isabella flees Brazil for San Francisco and her friend Monica, an African-American transsexual who spent her early years in Isabella\'s fishing community in Salvador. Despite old job offers from a number of restaurants, Isabella is unable to find a job until she takes over a cooking class at a local culinary school. Cliff, a neighbor and local television producer, smells her cooking, follows her to class and signs her to host a live cooking show, Passion Food. She makes Monica her assistant on the show. Isabella performs a sacrifice to Yemanja, a Brazilian sea goddess, to harden her heart and make her never love Toninho again. Back in Brazil, Toninho\'s restaurant is foundering without Isabella. Toninho curses Yemanja and the fishermen stop catching any fish. He figures out that Isabella has gone to Monica and follows her to San Francisco. He spots her on television and tracks her to the studio. With a group of local street musicians, Toninho sneaks into the studio and onto the set, serenading Isabella on the live broadcast. Cliff hires Toninho and the musicians for the show over Isabella\'s objections. Isabella pursues a relationship with Cliff but Toninho continues trying to win her back. Network executives offer to syndicate Isabella\'s show nationally, but only after demanding a number of changes, including firing Monica. With the restaurant closed, Toninho apologizes to Yemanja, but tells her to "stay out of [his] business" with Isabella. He quits the show and makes another attempt to win back Isabella. Isabella goes after him but has to take an elevator, and her motion sickness slows her enough to allow Toninho to depart. Isabella also quits the show rather than accept the changes demanded by the network. Isabella, with her love still gone but now wanting it returned, tries to cook another sacrifice to Yemanja but finds her cooking talent is gone. Undaunted, Monica substitutes some boxed macaroni and cheese. Isabella makes the second offering but nearly drowns. She has a vision of Yemanja, who rejects her new offering. Isabella goes to collect her things from the television studio. Toninho, sent by Monica, shows up and suggests they cook something together. As they cook, the fish return to the village waters and Yemanja returns Isabella\'s original offering along with her love for Toninho. The film closes with Toninho and Isabella operating a new restaurant as equal partners and with Cliff and Monica as a couple.'] ['Troy Bolton and Gabriella meet at a New Year\'s Eve party while both teenagers are at a ski lodge during winter break. At the party, the two are called upon to sing karaoke together . They seem to be attracted to each other, and exchange numbers before parting. After Christmas break, Troy sees Gabriella in his homeroom, and she explains that she just moved from Albuquerque, New Mexico and transferred to East High over break. Troy shows Gabriella around the school, and they pause in front of the sign-up sheet for the winter musical auditions. This alarms Drama Club president Sharpay Evans, who assumes that Gabriella is interested in auditioning. Wanting to eliminate competition, Sharpay investigates the new girl and arranges for the scholastic decathlon captain, Taylor McKessie, to find out about Gabriella\'s past academic achievements. During basketball practice, Troy has trouble focusing because his thoughts are on Gabriella and the idea that he might enjoy singing more . Gabriella and Troy both go to the musical auditions where Sharpay and her twin brother Ryan perform  but both are too shy to audition. When Gabriella finally summons the courage to step forward, Troy offers to sing with her, but Ms. Darbus tells them that they are too late. After Ms. Darbus apparently leaves, Kelsi Nielson, the composer of the musical, trips and drops her things. Troy and Gabriella rush to help her, and they sing together as Kelsi plays piano (What I\'ve Been Looking For . Ms. Darbus overhears them and gives them a callback audition. When the callback list is posted, Sharpay is furious to learn that she has competition for the lead in the musical, and the rest of the Wildcats are shocked that Troy and Gabriella have auditioned for a musical. Other students confess their own secret passions and talents , alarming both Taylor and Troy\'s friend Chad Danforth. Since Gabriella has agreed to join the scholastic decathlon team, both Taylor and Chad want their teammates to focus on their upcoming competitions rather than the musical. To help Troy and Gabriella return to normal, Chad and the basketball team trick Troy into saying that Gabriella is not important while she watches through a wi-fi link that the scholastic decathlon team has set up. Gabriella is hurt , she refuses to talk to Troy and decides not to audition for the musical. Chad and Taylor feel guilty for ruining Troy and Gabriella\'s relationship, and decide to tell them the truth. After Chad and the basketball team tell Troy what they did and offer to support him in callbacks, Troy goes to Gabriella\'s house and they make up. Intimidated after overhearing Gabriella and Troy practicing, Sharpay convinces Ms. Darbus to change the callback time to coincide with both the basketball championship and the scholastic decathlon, so that Gabriella and Troy cannot participate. Kelsi overhears the conversation and the basketball team and the decathlon team work together to come up with a plan. On the day of the competitions, Taylor and Gabriella use the school\'s computers to cause a series of mishaps that delay the big game and the decathlon. With both competitions delayed, Troy and Gabriella rush to the auditorium, and Sharpay and Ryan finish performing their song , confident that their plan worked. Troy and Gabriella then audition  and Ms. Darbus gives Troy and Gabriella the lead roles, making Sharpay and Ryan understudies. Troy and Gabriella both win their respective competitions, and the film ends when the entire school gathers in the gym to celebrate . A short scene after the credits show Zeke pacing alone in the gym as Sharpay comes running in declaring the cookies she rejected from him earlier "genius!". She then hugs him and he says he\'ll make her a creme brulee.'] ['Celeste Talbert, the longtime star of the popular daytime drama The Sun Also Sets, is targeted by costar Montana Moorehead; Montana connives to supplant Celeste as the show\'s star by promising sexual favors to its producer, David Seton Barnes. To make the audience hate Celeste\'s character, Montana and David come up with a last-minute plot change in which she will accidentally kill a young, destitute deaf-mute, played by the newly-cast Lori Craven. Despite the strong objections of Head Writer Rose Schwartz and Celeste herself, the scene plays out, but is interrupted by Celeste\'s recognition of Lori as her real-life niece. Network honcho Edmund Edwards sees potential in the relationship and makes Lori a regular cast member, as Celeste tries to talk her niece out of an acting career. Montana and David seek to further unnerve Celeste by bringing back Jeffrey Anderson, an actor who had been fired from The Sun Also Sets  decades before after his romantic relationship with Celeste had gone sour. Bitter at being reduced to performing dinner theater for uninterested seniors in Florida, Jeffrey relishes the chance to needle Celeste. Outwardly despising Jeffrey but perhaps still harboring some feelings for him, Celeste is horrified as he and the much-younger Lori develop a close friendship. In dramatic fashion, Celeste stops a scripted onscreen kiss between Lori and Jeffrey by revealing that Lori is actually her daughter by Jeffrey. On camera, Celeste explains that she had been responsible for getting Jeffrey fired because of the pregnancy, and had passed Lori off as her niece due to pressure from the network. Despite renewed interest in the show and Lori\'s burst of sudden fame due to this "storyline," all three actors, furious with each other, demand "They go or I go!" A decision is made by the network, and the actors head into a live episode in which they will read their lines from a teleprompter to keep secret until the last minute who will be written off. It is revealed that Lori\'s character has "brain fever" and will die; still hoping to be rid of Celeste, Montana ad-libs and suggests that a brain transplant can save her. In character, Celeste immediately plays along, offering her own brain for the operation. Touched by the sacrifice, Lori asks Celeste not to leave the show, and softens to her newfound parents. Montana is publicly ruined by Rose who, with the help of vengeful Ariel Maloney, reveals the secret that Montana was once a man named Milton Moorehead. David is horrified. Later, Celeste, Jeffrey, and Lori win soap opera awards as Milton performs dinner theater at Jeffrey\'s former venue.'] ["When fortysomething Karen Evans discovers her arrogantly self-centered professor husband Adam is having an affair with student Lindsey Rutledge, she retaliates by having a dalliance of her own with young, philosophical campus carpenter Pete Lachappelle. Adam is infuriated when he learns about his wife's new relationship, and she in turn defends her right to enjoy the same carnal pleasures he does. The four decide to share a Vermont ski house, where their efforts to behave like liberal adults are tested by middle-aged angst, hurt feelings, and teenager Kasey Evans, who unexpectedly arrives to confront her parents with their outrageous behavior."] ["On a rainy New York City autumn afternoon, the head of a major Department Store, Gail Allen, meets her second cousin and best friend Lorna for afternoon tea. Her cousin, an authoress of love stories set in the South Seas, invites a resident fortune teller to predict Gail's future. At first the reading sounds like a hundred others, until she foresees her having a child and meeting a man whose arm was cut by a native's rice knife. The fortune teller predicts as Neptune is in her sign at the moment she could find herself walking down a street and taking an unexpected turn where things would change. Thinking that her career will come first, Gail does not like her predicted future but finds herself taking an unexpected turn that takes her into a shop that sells sailboats. There she meets Bill Burnett who lives in Bali and is holidaying in New York. Beginning with Bill's injury from a native's rice knife, all of the predictions eventually come to pass."] ['For years, women have been pouring tears along with Bridget Jones, falling for Hugh Grant and laughing at him, even when the perspective of a funeral appeared. Now for the movie "Letters to St. Nicolas" where somewhat lost characters discover that what happened to them is love! On this special day of the year, five women and five men are finding out that there is no escape before love and Christmas.<ref namehttp://www.filmweb.pl/film/Listy+do+M.-2011-613510 |titleFilmweb |accessdatePolish}} * Doris - She is about 30. What counts for her is a loving family! She is not yet married and usually wakes up alone in the morning, but this fact has not turned her into a desperate lady hanging on the arm of every encountered guy. On the contrary, just like Bridget Jones she believes that there\'s her second half waiting for her somewhere in this big city and that true love can happen. * Mikołaj - a romantic who with skill and charm of Hugh Grant seduces women mainly on air! In real life it all looks a bit different. His greatest asset is his specific sense of humor and a deep male voice, stimulating the imagination of listeners who absolutely love it. * Wladi - many men would like to have his pugnacity and light approach to life. His charm and magic air works for women as an aphrodisiac. He can surprise with an unusual proposition, and in restaurants always foots the bill. It\'s just that no woman yet has succeeded to ensnare him. Will he finally find someone who discovers the key to his heart? * Melchior vel Mel Gibson - s testosterone ebullient amateur and admirer of feminine beauty. As hardly anyone works in Ars Amandi. This arrogant handsome Don Juan is able to seduce with a single glance. The question remains if his narcissistic tendencies allow him to create a lasting relationship? * Szczepan - a busy psychologist who like Dirty Harry rushes to the rescue of the whole world. One day something happens that will destroy his peace of mind and bring him to a boil. What can he do? The excitement reach its zenith. * Karina - Szczepan\'s wife, very energetic, believes that love is like air and should be at your fingertips. But what to do when her husband spends more time working than being absorbed with his beloved woman? Is a romance without love, what\'s the reason? * Małgorzata - perfect, cold as ice and steadfast as a rock, radio director. Conducts business and her husband, Wojciech, with the same commitment and enduring opposition. Can something be able to knock her out of balance? It seems that nothing really... It turns out, though that even the ice queen carries a great need for love in her heart. * Wojciech - perfect husband, it seems: calm, tolerant, wise. In addition, he knows his wines, and the oldest people do not remember that his wife said "no." Boredom. But even though under the thumb, to his own surprise, he is able to go beyond the rigid framework of routine when something or someone will awake deep hidden longing and feelings. * Betty - wherever she appears, all eyes directed only at her. She could have any guy, but the most important is her mysterious Kazik. Who is the man for whom she decided to change her whole life? * Larwa - wouldn\'t be a bad bridesmaid material if only her best friend - Doris married. Larwa from a friend\'s perspective can enjoy a delightful vision of a successful relationship. She never gives up and can support her lost friend. Her twisted sense of humor works better than Doris\'s anti-stress mask.'] ['Ella Peterson works as a switchboard operator at the Susanswerphone answering service. She can\'t help breaking the rules by becoming overly involved in the lives of the subscribers. Some of the more peculiar ones include a dentist who composes songs on an air hose, an actor who emulates Marlon Brando, and a little boy for whom she pretends to be Santa Claus. Ella has a secret crush on the voice of subscriber Jeffrey Moss, a playwright for whom she plays a comforting "Mom" character. She finally meets him face to face, when she brings him a message under a false name  and romantic sparks and some confusion begin. A humorous subplot involves the courtly Otto, who convinces Susanswerphone to take orders for his "mail-order classical record business". Unfortunately, Otto is actually a bookie whose orders are a system for betting on horses. Unwittingly, Ella changes some of the "orders" not realizing she is changing "bets". Although the police begin to assume that Susanswerphone might be a front for an escort service, the plot ends happily, with Jeff proposing, and her wacky subscribers coming to thank her.'] ['Harold Meadows  works as a tailor\'s apprentice for his uncle in the fictional small town of Little Bend, California, and is so shy around women that he stutters and can barely speak to them . Though his shyness makes him completely clueless in the art of courting or impressing the ladies, Harold writes a preposterous "how to" book for young men entitled "The Secret of Making Love", detailing what he naively believes is good advice about how to woo different types of young women, such as "the vampire" and "the flapper"  - and takes it to a publisher in Los Angeles by train. The same day, a rich young socialite named Mary Buckingham  has her automobile break down in Little Bend and boards the same train. No dogs are allowed aboard, so she hides her Pekinese under her shawl, but her pet jumps off as the train pulls away. Harold rescues her dog and helps Mary hide it from the conductor. She sees his manuscript, so he starts telling her about his book, overcoming his stuttering in his enthusiasm. They become so absorbed in each other that neither realizes that the train has reached its destination and everyone else has departed. Upon returning home, Mary rejects the latest in a string of proposals of marriage from her persistent suitor, Ronald DeVore. After her car is repaired, Mary intentionally detours through Little Bend repeatedly, hoping to meet Harold again. On one such trip, Ronald is also along for the ride, and his unwanted attentions during yet another unsuccessful marriage proposal cause the flustered Mary to accidentally swerve off the road and get her car stuck near the outskirts of Little Bend. While Ronald walks back to town for a tow, Mary serendipitously runs into Harold, who is relaxing in a rowboat in a nearby stream. When Harold tells Mary that he is going to see the publisher, Roger Thornby, in a few days to deliver a new chapter for his book that he plans to write about her, they agree to meet afterward. Meanwhile, back in town, Ronald unexpectedly runs into a middle-aged woman who asks if he is finally going to take her home with him and introduce her to his family, but he stalls her, then rides away in the tow-vehicle. Mr. Thornby\'s professional readers find Harold\'s book hilariously absurd, so he informs Harold that it has been rejected. Without any royalty money, Harold figures he cannot ask a rich girl like Mary to marry him. When he sees her, instead of telling her the truth, he pretends that he was only using her as part of his research, and that he really is not interested in her. Heartbroken and lonesome, Mary impulsively agrees to marry Ronald even though she has never really liked him. Afterward, though, one of Mr. Thornby\'s senior employees convinces the publisher that, if the staff liked the book so much, there must be a market for it, so Thornby decides to publish the book after retitling it "The Boob\'s Diary", a spoof on the popular romantic-advice books of the time{{Citation needed}}. Back in the tailor shop a few days later, a depressed Harold sees an envelope from the publisher that arrives in the morning mail, but he just rips it up without even opening it, assuming that it is a formal rejection notice. Fortunately, his uncle notices that one of the scraps is part of an advance royalty check for $3,000. At first, Harold is outraged and insulted to have his "pride and joy" ridiculed, but then he quickly swallows his indignation upon realizing that the royalty money means that he could probably propose to Mary after all. His elation is short-lived, however, when he sees a newspaper story announcing Mary and Ronald\'s wedding which is scheduled for that same day at her family\'s estate. Thinking all is lost, Harold gives up. However, by chance, the same woman whom Ronald had met in town a few days earlier walks in and, seeing the story, tearfully exclaims that she is Ronald\'s wife. As proof, she shows Harold a photo locket with the couple\'s wedding portrait and the engraved words "to my wife" that Ronald had given her two years earlier. Harold takes the locket and races to stop the wedding, in a frenzied headlong-dash trip involving bootleggers, car chases and multiple changes of vehicle  through the countryside and along the crowded streets of Culver City and Los Angeles. Eventually arriving at Buckingham Estate with only moments to spare, Harold bursts in just as the minister is about to conclude the wedding ceremony, but he cannot stop stuttering long enough to expose Ronald\'s intended bigamy. So Harold whisks Mary up over his shoulder and carries her off. When they are alone, he tells her about Ronald and shows her the locket as proof. Mary, visibly relieved that she won\'t have to marry Ronald after all, and immensely grateful for Harold\'s heroic dash to save her from scandal, quickly forgives Harold\'s previous deceptions now that she sees that he truly did care about her all along, and she gets Harold to propose to her , and she accepts.'] ["Trust concerns the unusual romance/friendship between two young misfits wandering the same Long Island town. When Maria , a recent high school dropout, announces her unplanned pregnancy to her family, her father dies of heart failure, her mother immediately evicts her from the household and her boyfriend breaks up with her. Lonely and with nowhere to go, Maria wanders her town in search of a place to stay. Along the way, she meets Matthew , a highly educated and extremely moody electronics repairman. Matthew was recently fired from his job repairing television sets after the company orders him to cut corners to the detriment of customers, and he refuses. The two begin an unusual and curiously asexual romance built on their sense of mutual identification and trust. The lovers' families continue to interfere with their fragile and largely conceptual relationship."] ['At Middlebury College in 1969, four friends, Elise Elliot , Brenda Morelli , Annie MacDuggan , and Cynthia Swann , are graduating. As graduation gifts, valedictorian Cynthia presents the girls with matching Bulgari pearl necklaces. As the graduates take a commemorative picture of the four of them , Cynthia makes Annie, Brenda and Elise promise that they will always be there for each other throughout the remainder of their lives. In the present time, the four friends eventually lose touch with one another, as evident when Cynthia is tearfully gazing at the picture of the four of them on that graduation day. Now wealthy and living in a luxurious penthouse, she gives her maid a Bulgari pearl necklace , and she has her mail letters to them. She later walks outside of the balcony of her penthouse in a floor length fur coat, a cigarette and a drink, and then commits suicide by jumping off the balcony after learning through the tabloids that her ex-husband Gil , married his much younger mistress the day before. Her former friends aren\'t doing much better: Brenda is divorced, left for a younger woman, depressed, and struggling financially. Elise, whose husband also left her for a younger woman, is now an aging alcoholic movie actress who has become a plastic-surgery addict to keep her career afloat. Annie, meanwhile, is separated, suffering extreme self-esteem issues, and going through therapy with her husband. Shortly after Cynthia\'s funeral, at which the three remaining friends are reunited for the first time since college, Annie\'s husband, Aaron , leaves her for her younger therapist  and asks her for a divorce after assuming that spending a night together would reconcile them; Brenda has a rather unpleasant encounter at a clothing store with her ex, Morty  and his younger and rather hateful mistress Shelly , and Elise finds out that her soon-to be ex-husband, Bill , is requesting alimony and half of their marital assets. Also, during a meeting with a director for a possible leading lady movie role, she discovers that she is only wanted for the mother of the leading lady. Shortly thereafter, the three friends receive the letter that Cynthia mailed to them before her suicide. After all three read their letter from Cynthia and feeling that they have been taken for granted by their husbands, the women decide to create the First Wives Club, aiming to get revenge on their exes. Annie\'s lesbian daughter Chris  also gets in on the plan by asking for a job at her father\'s advertising agency so she can supply her mother with inside information. Brenda finds out through her uncle Carmine  who has Mafia connections that Morty is guilty of income tax fraud, while Annie makes a plan to revive her advertising career and buy out Aaron\'s partners. However, as their plan moves through, things start to fall apart when they find out that Bill has no checkered past and nothing for them to use against him. Brenda and Elise hurl vicious insults at each other, and the women drift apart. When Annie starts thinking about closing down the First Wives Club, her friends come back, saying that they want to see this to the end and while Bill hasn\'t done anything wrong they can make him think he has. They trick him into thinking that his mistress  is a minor. Deciding that revenge would make them no better than their husbands, they instead use these situations to push their men into funding the establishment of a nonprofit organization dedicated to aiding abused women, in memory of their college friend Cynthia. The film ends with a celebration at the new Cynthia Swann Griffin Crisis Center for Women. Annie narrates that Elise started a relationship with a cast member in her new, successful play, that Brenda and Morty reconciled their differences and got back together, and that when Aaron tried to get back together with her, Annie told him to "drop dead". While outside the center Bill meets Shelly and the two start to flirt. The film concludes with the three women joyfully singing "You Don\'t Own Me".'] ["During the Christmas shopping season in New York City, Jonathan Trager  meets Sara Thomas  as they both try to buy the same pair of black cashmere gloves at Bloomingdale's. They feel a mutual attraction, and despite the fact that each is involved in other relationships, they end up eating ice cream at Serendipity 3 together, and soon exchange goodbyes. However, both realize that they have left something at the ice cream bar, and return only to find each other again. Considering this to be a stroke of fate, Jonathan and Sara decide to go out on the town together, and ice skate on the Wollman Rink at Central Park. Jonathan teaches Sara about Cassiopeia, saying that the freckles on Sara's arm match the pattern of the Cassiopeia constellation. At the end of the night, the smitten Jonathan suggests an exchange of phone numbers. Sara writes hers down, but it flies away with the wind. Wanting fate to work things out, Sara asks Jonathan to write his name and phone number on a $5 bill, while she writes her name and number on the inside cover of a copy of Love in the Time of Cholera. If they are meant to be together, he will find the book and she will find the $5 bill, and they will find their way back to each other. Jonathan is not satisfied with this so they go into a hotel with 28 floors and enter into different elevators to see if they both choose the same floor. They each take a single glove from the pair they purchased. They both press floor 23, but a child gets on the elevator with Jonathan and presses all the buttons, so it is too late by the time he reaches floor 23. The two believe they've lost each other forever. Several years later, Jonathan is at an engagement party with his fiancé Halley Buchanan . On the same day, in San Francisco, Sara comes home to find Lars Hammond ([[John Corbett , a famous musician, proposing to her. As their wedding dates approach, each find themselves with a case of cold feet, and decide to return to New York in an attempt to find each other again. Jonathan returns to Bloomingdale's in an attempt to find Sara. He meets a salesman  and eventually with the help of the salesman and Jonathan's best friend Dean Kansky  Jonathan ends up with only an address. After additional research, Jonathan and Dean meet an artist who recalls that Sara lived with him for a short time after being referred by a placement company, which he identifies as being located in a shop next to Serendipity 3. Jonathan and Dean follow the lead to find that the agency has moved and its former location is now a bridal shop. Jonathan takes this as a sign that he is supposed to stop looking for Sara, and get married to Halley. Sara takes her best friend Eve  with her to New York, where she visits the locations of her date, hoping that fate will bring back Jonathan. Celebrating Eve's birthday, Sara and Eve console themselves with a visit to Serendipity. Eve is handed the $5 bill as change. At the Waldorf Astoria, Eve bumps into an old friend--Halley--who is there to get married the next day. Halley invites Eve and Sara to the wedding without anyone realizing the groom is Jonathan. Sara returns to her hotel room, where she finds Lars, who followed her to New York. While with Lars, she sees Cassiopeia in the sky, and breaks her engagement with him. The night before their wedding, Halley hands Jonathan a copy of Love in the Time of Cholera as a gift, having noticed him picking up the book every time they're in a bookstore. It is the copy that Sara had written in, and he immediately sets off to find her. He sees people in her house being intimate, when it's actually Sara's sister and her boyfriend. Jonathan then comes back home for the wedding. Sara decides not to attend the wedding, and starts to return home. On the plane, Sara finds that her wallet got exchanged with Eve’s. She realizes she has the same $5 bill which Jonathan wrote on several years earlier, and gets off the plane to search for him. His neighbors tell her he’s getting married the same day. She rushes to the hotel, only to see a man, apparently cleaning up at the end of the ceremony. She is in tears until the man says the wedding was called off. Sara later remembers she left her jacket in the park. Jonathan is wandering around Central Park. He finds Sara's jacket and uses it as a pillow to lie down. As the first snowflake drops, he sees Sara. They introduce themselves to each other formally for the first time. The film concludes with Sara and Jonathan at Bloomingdale's, enjoying champagne on their anniversary at the same spot where they first met."] ['Joong-pil is the undisputed "king" of his high school due to his fighting skills. His life is comfortable until he falls in love with Min-hee, a pretty girl from a neighbouring school, and is challenged by Sang-man, a tough new student. Min-hee also faces competition from Na-young, leader of the "Five Princesses Gang", who has a crush on Joong-pil.'] ['The film is set in South Korea, 1962. Kang Soo-ha, a 21 year-old teacher from Seoul, takes his first job at a village school in Gangwon Province. One of his older students, 17 year-old Yun Hong-yeon, develops a crush on him, though her efforts to catch his attention seem to go unnoticed. Meanwhile, Soo-ha has fallen for Yang Eun-hee, another teacher at their school, and when Hong-yeon realises she does everything she can to discredit her older rival.'] ['The story begins with exposition of the difficult lives of the first generation of male Chinese-American immigrants who were not allowed to bring their wives and families with them into the United States due to the Chinese Exclusion Act. For decades, these immigrant men have not seen their families they had left back in China. Ben  is the son of one these immigrants and has just finished serving in the U.S. Army during World War II. Due to the G.I. Bill,{{Citation needed}} he is allowed to bring a bride back from China which he does after an arranged marriage. Mei Oi , the bride, besides being attracted to Ben also wants to see her father in the U.S., who emigrated to the States before she was born. As one of the first couples of child-bearing age within Chinatown, Ben and Mei Oi have to deal with the expectations of the entire Chinatown community as well as his father . But the pressures on Ben render him impotent, and in her confusion over his seeming lack of interest, Mei Oi succumbs to the attentions of Ah Song . Their affair creates complications not only for their own marriage, but for the reputations of their fathers in the close-knit "bachelor society" of New York\'s Chinatown.'] ["Kei's  eldest sister Yu Chu  is a hot-tempered magazine editor and her temperament has left her single all this while. They have a traditional family and one of the rules is that none of the siblings could get married before their eldest sister. In view of this, Kei sort help from the famous “Casanova”, Koo Chai , who is the new journalist in Sandra’s firm to pretend to court his eldest sister and lure her into the mood of love. With Sandra falling in love with Koo Chai, she decides to introduce him to her parents . However, Koo Chai fell in love with another girl, Mun during an assignment and this broke Sandra’s heart. To avoid the disappointment of her parents, Sandra asks Mr. Wong  a private investigator to pretend as her boyfriend. With Sandra love life going nowhere and her career plunging low, will she get what she wants? Will Kei find his true love and marries her sister off? Who will Koo Chai choose? Will all’s well end well?"] ["The film follows Grace , a young woman whose irresponsible mother, Rhonda , blows her college fund on herself.Rhonda uses the money to finance Grace's younger sister, Taylor's , modeling campaign. While working a summer job, Grace meets the lonely Dorian Spitz  and they start selling drugs together for extra cash. A love triangle forms when Dorian falls for Grace, but Grace is smitten with Ben Pretzler , and Taylor develops feelings for Dorian."] ['Gene Maxwell, a grown man is dumped after his fiance, Liz, during their wedding. He then writes a novel titled "Fear Knot". Later she asks him to move her father out of her basement. Later her father dies of heart failure. The film was an official selection at the Montréal Film Festival.'] ["Molly Thatcher  is a stockbroker languishing in a company run by sexist Bullard Bear . When the company does poorly, he has to fire somebody. Molly is the obvious choice, but to avoid charges of sex discrimination, he assigns her the seemingly impossible task of unloading shares of an obscure company called Universal Widgets, figuring that when she fails, he will have an excuse to dismiss her. Molly meets Henry Tyroon , an aggressive wheeler dealer who dresses, talks, and acts like a stereotypical Texas millionaire. He's more interested in her than in Universal Widgets, but decides to help in order to get closer to her. As they spend time together, Molly watches Henry make complicated business deals, often in partnership with his Texan cronies, Jay Ray , Ray Jay , and J.R. . One such deal is a venture into dealing modern art, with the aid of Stanislas , a cynical avant-garde painter. Molly and Henry have trouble figuring out Universal Widgets' reason for existence; its only factory burned down around the time of the Civil War, it manufactures nothing, and provides no service.  It's just a corporation on paper... whose sole asset is a huge block of shares in AT&T, bought long, long ago when it was ridiculously cheap. Now it pays hefty regular dividends to its complacent shareholders. When Henry makes an attempt to take control of the undervalued company by questionable methods, over-enthusiastic government regulator Hector Vanson  takes him to court. Further complications arise when Jay Ray, Ray Jay, and J.R. get Molly fired so she can spend more time with Henry; she thinks Henry is responsible. The case is dismissed when it is determined that all the shares are in the hands of a few people, not the general public. The Texans are bought out . Once the Texas trio confess that they got Molly fired, she and Henry make up."] ['Terri Griffith  is an aspiring teenage journalist living in Tucson, Arizona who feels that teachers don\'t take her school newspaper articles seriously because of her good looks. After failing to get her dream job as a newspaper intern, she comes to the conclusion that it is because she is a girl. With her parents out of town, Terri decides to remedy the situation. Enrolling at a rival high school, she enlists the help of her sex-obsessed loudmouth little brother, Buddy  and her best friend Denise  to disguise herself as a boy. Her brother and friend also help to keep tabs on her throughout the experiment. Along the way she meets Rick , a gold-hearted nerd who becomes her pet project. After helping him through an image makeover and encouraging him to start talking to girls , Terri starts to fall for him. After many episodes in and out of school, including fending off a group of bullies led by bodybuilder Greg Tolan , dealing with her real college boyfriend Kevin  and being set up on a blind date with a potential new "girlfriend" named Sandy , Terri manages to be accepted as "one of the guys". At the senior prom, a jealous Greg picks a fight with Rick, who ultimately trounces the bully in front of the entire class. But when Terri\'s boyfriend shows up unexpectedly and finds out what\'s been going on, Terri has no choice but to reveal herself to Rick. Although she admits to loving him, Rick angrily rejects her, prompting a desperate Terri to kiss him in front of everyone. Seemingly unfazed, Rick simply walks away. Heartbroken and humiliated, Terri retreats to her room and writes a long article on what it is like to be a girl in boy\'s clothing, detailing all of her experiences, both good and bad, in and out of school. In the end, Terri returns to her own school. When her article is printed in the newspaper, she receives high praise from her teachers and friends and finally earns her dream job at the newspaper office. Nevertheless, she still finds herself yearning for Rick, who has not spoken to her since the prom. Now without a boyfriend, Terri is not looking forward to the summer, but her spirits lift when Rick suddenly turns up after reading her article. Realizing their true feelings for each other, they reconcile, and the film ends as they drive away together.'] ["Ankur Goyal  is a guileless man. who hails from a lower middle class family. He is a 30-year-old waiter henpecked by his mother and by the boss who seldom pays him. In his naivete, Raghu thinks he must protect the virtue of that joint's floozies from grabby clients, especially Sweety , a hitman's honey whose cynical surface masks a soft spot for the clueless hero. But he only has eyes for Neeta, a quintessential TV-soap suffering-heroine played by not-so-nice Reshma ([[Maria Goretti . Unable to distinguish between reel and real life, Raghu kidnaps the terrified actress and takes her to the countryside house of Sweety. Turns out she is on the hit-list ."] ['Simon Sparrow, now a senior doctor at St Swithins, falls in love with Delia, a model and aspiring actress. They eventually move in together, but then she goes to Italy to try out for a film. Meanwhile, Spratt injures his back in a fall. Placed under the care of physiotherapist Iris Marchant, he is initially hostile, but soon succumbs to her charms. He turns to his friend Simon for advice. Simon sends him to a nature cure clinic in a vain attempt to help him lose weight. Spratt has Iris followed, and, when his private investigator turns up at St Swithins as a patient, follows her himself . He proposes to her, but is eventually rejected in favour of another of her patients, retired army Major Tommy French. Delia returns in England, having somehow acquired an expensive Italian car  and expensive clothes, though she did not land a part in the film. It is implied that she and Simon get together again.'] ["A tabloid reporter  uses a scheme to meet Sara Farley , a grocery-store heiress he's been writing unflattering things about. He gets her to start talking about herself and finds her down to earth. Tierney assumes he's going to write more lies, so she announces to the press that the two of them are married. In trying to get the truth out, he loses his job; what follows is classic farce and the stakes escalate. Finally, he sues her for libel and the courts takes it from there!"] ['Alim is a young gay man. Born in Kenya and raised in Toronto, he moved to London to get away from his conservative upbringing. He faces the hardships of coming out to his mother Nuru, as well as hardships in his relationship with his boyfriend Giles. Alim has an imaginary friend  who is supposedly Cary Grant, who gives Alim advice when Alim is in trouble. Unfortunately, the advice often seems to make more trouble.'] ["Six months after the events in Romancing the Stone, Joan Wilder  is having trouble writing her next romantic novel while living with Jack Colton  on his boat, the Angelina, which is currently docked in a South of France port, and she refuses to discuss marriage. Later that afternoon at a book signing engagement held by her publisher, Gloria , Joan meets a charming Arab ruler named Omar  who has managed to persuade the world that he is the firm, but fair, ruler of Kadir. Omar offers Joan the opportunity to live like a queen at his palace, while she writes a fluff piece about him. However, as soon as Joan leaves with Omar, Jack runs into Ralph . Ralph, a comical swindler from Jack's past, recently out of prison, plans on killing Jack for abandoning him to the authorities in Colombia, but is stopped by an Arab named Tarak , who tells Jack of Omar's true intentions. This includes the fact that he has their greatest treasure, the Jewel of the Nile, in his possession. Ralph, immediately interested at the prospect, agrees to help find the Jewel. Jack, however, is less than convinced. But seconds later, the Angelina explodes, having been sabotaged under Omar's orders. He then agrees to team up with Ralph and Tarak in order to track down the lost jewel in Omar's kingdom. During her stay at his palace, Joan discovers that Omar is a brutal dictator, who imprisons her until she agrees to finish the fluff piece that will introduce him to the world as an enlightened ruler that will unite the Arab world. In the palace jail she meets a holy man, Al-Julhara , , who is in fact the Jewel of the Nile. Realizing that he is the only one who can stop Omar, Joan offers to take Al-Julhara to Kadir herself. The pair escape the palace, and with the help of Jack , are able to flee Omar's army into the desert. Ralph, who provides much of the film's comic relief, is left to fend for himself in the desert and thus joins with the rebel Sufi tribe led by Tarak that has sworn to protect the Jewel so he can fulfill his destiny. After Jack's battle for Joan's hand, with the son of a Nubian mountain African tribe chief, Joan breaks the news to Jack, that the Jewel is in fact Al-Julhara who is the true spiritual leader of the Arab people. Omar plans on using a British rock & roll technician's  smoke and mirrors special effects at an upcoming festival, planned by Omar, to convince the Arab world that he is in fact a prophet that will unite the Arab world under his rule. Jack, Joan and Al-Julhara decide to crash the festival in Kadir and unmask Omar as the fraud that he is. However, they are all captured and Omar sets up an elaborate and fiendish trap from The Savage Secret, Joan's most popular novel. Jack and Joan are suspended over a deep pit, with the ropes holding Jack up are soaked with goat's blood and being rapidly chewed away by rats, while Joan's are slowly being dissolved by drops of acid. Al-Julhara, however is simply locked up in stocks. As Omar leaves them to their fate, they are found later and inadvertently saved by Ralph, who along with Tarak and his Sufi followers have come to rescue Al-Julhara. As Omar takes center stage to address the Arab people, Jack and Joan disrupt the ceremony while Tarak and the Sufi battle Omar's guards below. A fire breaks out when part of Omar's platform apparatus crashes into the stage, engulfing it in flames. Jack and Joan are separated in the chaos and Omar corners her at the top of the burning scaffolding surrounding the stage. With help from Ralph, Jack rides a crane to the top of the scaffolding and knocks Omar over the side and down into the flames below just as he is about to kill Joan. Once Omar is killed, Al-Julhara rises as the real spiritual leader and Jack and Joan are finally married by Al-Julhara himself the following day. While he is genuinely happy for Jack and Joan, Ralph laments sadly that once again, he has nothing to show for his efforts. But he is then acknowledged as being a true Sufi by Tarak, signified by being presented with a priceless jeweled dagger. Ralph is genuinely touched and happily accepts the gift. The film ends with Jack and Joan sailing down the Nile as Al-Julhara and his people, along with Ralph, Tarak, the Sufi and Gloria wave goodbye from the river's dock."] ["Summer is over and 16-year-old Chris , who is constantly bullied, is enrolling in a new high school. Tired of being beaten up, he asks his father to teach him how to fight. The school bullies can still beat him up, however, so he decides that he will disguise himself every day as a girl to walk past them into school. Initially, he only plans on dressing up as a girl to get into school, but he soon grows used to the role of being a female. For instance, he likes being able to talk trash to his chief tormentor, Kurt , who falls in love with him, and also befriending a girl named Marie , a cheerleader whom Chris has a crush on. Enthusiastic at the prospect of going to cheerleader camp and sharing a room with Marie, Chris signs up to become a cheerleader. In a short period of time, Chris wins both Marie and Kurt's trust. After Kurt admits to Chris that he is only behaving the way he does because of peer pressure, Chris convinces him to apologize to his friend Dan, who has also been bullied by Kurt and his gang. Problems begin when Kurt starts to make advances towards Chris and he starts almost getting caught. His PE teacher notices he is looking at the girls in the locker room, and thinking Chris is a lesbian, takes him to her office for a conversation. Chris, thinking she is talking to him about actually being a boy, admits his disguise. The PE teacher threatens to tell the principal the truth, but Chris convinces her not to do so by lying that he is a transvestite and enjoys dressing up in women's clothing. Later that evening, Marie visits Chris at home. His parents, unaware that Chris is going to school as a girl, mistake her for his girlfriend. Dealing with Marie and his parents at the same time causes Chris some trouble, but he keeps up his subterfuge. However, when Kurt drops by to bring Chris flowers, his father Louis starts to think he is gay. By lying about Kurt's sexuality, Chris is able to convince his father that he is straight and nothing is wrong. The next day Chris is to leave for cheerleader camp. When Louis finds out, he finally realizes Chris has been dressing up as a girl. Meanwhile, Chris attempts to kiss Marie while practicing their cheerleadering choreography, but she pushes him away and runs off. Encouraged by his PE teacher to tell the truth, Chris reveals himself to be a boy during a cheerleader performance. Kurt threatens to beat him up, but when Chris defends him for not being gay, they finally make peace. Marie feels betrayed, thinking that Chris only tried to get her in bed, but she eventually decides to forgive him."] ['David Huxley  is a mild-mannered paleontologist beleaguered by problems. For the past four years, he has been trying to assemble the skeleton of a Brontosaurus but is missing one bone . To add to the stress, he is about to get married to the dour Alice Swallow  and must make a favorable impression upon Mrs. Random , who is considering donating one million dollars to his museum. The day before his planned wedding, David meets Susan Vance  by chance on a golf course. She is a free-spirited young lady and, unknown to him at first, happens to be Mrs. Random\'s niece. Susan\'s brother Mark has sent her a tame leopard from BrazilLeopards are Old World animals, and Brazil is jaguar territory. named "Baby", which she is supposed to give to her aunt. Susan believes David is a zoologist rather than a paleontologist, and she is very persistent in getting David to go to her country home in Connecticut to help her take care of Baby, which includes singing "I Can\'t Give You Anything But Love" which Baby likes. Complications arise as Susan decides that she has fallen in love with David, and she endeavors to keep him at her house for as long as possible to prevent him from marrying his colleague.  While David is there, Susan\'s dog George ([[Skippy  steals and buries the bone that David needs to complete his Brontosaurus skeleton. Susan\'s aunt, Mrs. Elizabeth Random arrives. She is unaware of who David really is because Susan has introduced him as a man named "Mr. Bone". Baby runs off, as does George. To further complicate matters, Susan and David mistake a decidedly wild and very dangerous leopard that has escaped from a nearby circus for Baby. They are jailed by a befuddled town constable, Constable Slocum  for breaking into the house of Dr. Fritz Lehman .{{cite web}} When Slocum does not believe their story, Susan tells him that they are members of "The Leopard Gang"; she refers to herself as "Swingin\' Door Susie" and David as "Jerry the Nipper" . David fails to convince the constable that she is making everything up "from motion pictures she\'s seen." Eventually, Alexander Peabody ([[George Irving  shows up to verify everyone\'s identity, Susan, who has sneaked out of a window, unwittingly drags the highly irritated circus leopard into the jail. David has to save her, using a chair to shoo the animal into a jail cell. A few weeks later, Susan finds David, who has been jilted by Alice because of her, working on his brontosaurus reconstruction at the museum. After presenting him with his bone, which she finally found by trailing George, Susan informs David that she has gotten her aunt to donate the million dollars to the museum. Against his advice, she climbs a tall ladder beside the dinosaur to be closer to him. Although Susan climbs from the dangerously swaying ladder onto the skeleton and causes it to collapse, David finally gives up and admits he cannot do without her.Mast, Gerald. Bringing Up Baby. Howard Hawks, director. New Brunswick and London: Rutgers University Press. 1988. ISBN 0813513413. pp. 33-206.'] ["Max Tracey is the head waiter at a London hotel. He falls in love at first sight with Sylvia Robertson, an aristocratic woman, and poses as a prince to win her love. In this venture, he is aided by Mr. Westlake, a Ruritanian monarch who owes him a favour. When Sylvia discovers Max's deception, she is appalled, but the situation is resolved when her father tells her that he was once a hotel dishwasher."] ["Based on the book with the same title, Eiffel I'm in Love tells the story about a teenage girl, Tita, who led a perfect life. she had a lovely family, a patient boyfriend and 2 best friends who are always by her side. However, her mother was overly protective towards her and she is not allowed to go out. Her life completely changes when her parents good friend and his son, Adith, came from France to stay with them. Tita was supposed to pick both of them from the airport. However, she waited at the wrong terminal and only realized that when Adith accidentally bumped into her and asked her whether she was the one who supposed to picked him and his father up. Adith was very cold to Tita from the start, however, her parents saw him as a reliable man and trust him to take care of their daughter. Things became worse when Adith told Tita that their parents were planning to match make them."] ['As Christmas season approaches, Ian is invited by his father, Richie, to join him for a skiing holiday in Park City, Utah. Ian convinces several of his friends to come along. There is Jon, who brings along his German girlfriend, Carla, but has competition for her from a German ski instructor, Hans. Another friend, David, is gay and wants to lose his virginity. Keaton discovers his sister Jane is pregnant and has no plans to tell the man who might be the father. Keaton also has issues with his friend, Lisa, who wants their relationship to become romantic.'] ['Curt Taylor  is released from California State Prison and to settle a debt he becomes a secretary for Cartier Rand  so that he can steal her jewels. He falls in love with her, which complicates things.'] ["The story is set on the east coast of Sabah. Jimmy  is a young man who spends his days cleaning the rubbish in the sea village that he lives. He refuses to do any work other than caring for the environment, which makes him an outcast and laughingstock among the villagers. His only friend is Orix . Jimmy wants to marry his childhood sweetheart, Aspalela , who returns his feelings. He asks Aspalela's father, Wan Pagek, for Aspalela's hand in marriage, but Wan Pagek declares that he has to have land of his own before he can marry her. Jimmy builds a floating island out of discarded rubbish, on which he builds a small hut. This amuses Wan Pagek and displeases Kordi , another man who wants to marry Aspalela. One night, Jimmy is woken up by a mermaid named Puteri . She explains that she has been watching Jimmy for some time, and to show her appreciation for Jimmy's efforts in cleaning the village, she has been helping fortify his floating island. Jimmy boasts to the entire village that he has met a mermaid, but when Puteri refuses to surface when called, Jimmy is declared a crazy liar and disowned by his father. When Puteri returns to visit Jimmy, she reminds him that their friendship is supposed to be a secret. She takes him to her home in an underwater cave, which is filled with pirate's treasure. Puteri explains that she is lonely, and has developed feelings for Jimmy. However, Jimmy explains that he is in love with Aspalela, but he cannot marry her because he has no money. Puteri offers to give her treasure to him, but he turns it down. After Jimmy returns to his floating island, he wakes up the next morning and finds that Puteri has left two boxes of treasure for him. Jimmy flaunts his newfound wealth and gains the favour of all the villagers and Aspalela's father. Kordi is suspicious of Jimmy's good fortune and goes to his island, where he captures Puteri. He places her in a cage and charges the villagers money to see her. Jimmy's father sees the mermaid and realises that his son isn't crazy. Jimmy, Orix, Aspalela, Jimmy's parents and Aspalela's parents work together to free Puteri. After getting away from Kordi, Puteri wishes Jimmy happiness with Aspalela, and swims off into the ocean. In an epilogue set three years later, Jimmy and Aspalela are married, Kordi is working for them, the village is prosperous, and the villagers work for Jimmy in monitoring the environment. Jimmy explains in voice-over that he has not seen Puteri since their goodbye and doesn't expect to see her ever again. Puteri is briefly shown secretly visiting the village with a merman by her side."] ['In 1985, Robbie Hart  is a wedding singer from Ridgefield, New Jersey. He is engaged to his long-time girlfriend, Linda , who was attracted to him at a time when he dreamed of becoming a rock star. He meets and befriends a waitress, Julia Sullivan , at the reception hall where he regularly performs. Julia is also engaged, to businessman Glenn Gulia . Disappointed over Robbie\'s loss of ambition, Linda changes her mind on their wedding day and leaves Robbie standing at the altar, emotionally devastated. Robbie tries to move forward with his life, but despair hinders his performances. Julia tries to cheer him up, and later asks him to help her plan her own wedding. Robbie eventually agrees, and their friendship blossoms. During a double date between Julia and Glenn, and Robbie and Julia\'s cousin, Holly , Robbie learns that Glenn is frequently cheating on Julia and doesn\'t plan to stop after being married. Julia and Robbie are increasingly confused by their deepening feelings for each other, and Robbie mistakenly believes that he can impress Julia by getting a more conventional job. She becomes angry with him for assuming that she is marrying Glenn for his money. After confiding in his best friend, Sammy , Robbie finally decides to confess his true feelings and goes to Julia\'s house. When he arrives, he sees her through her bedroom window. She is wearing her wedding dress and happily imagining herself as Robbie\'s wife, but Robbie mistakenly concludes that she is looking forward to marrying Glenn. Heartbroken, Robbie leaves to get drunk and finds Glenn in the midst of his "pre-bachelor party party". After a heated exchange, Glenn punches Robbie. An intoxicated Robbie goes home and finds Linda waiting for him, and wanting to reconcile. Robbie passes out, but the following morning, Linda answers the door and introduces herself as Robbie\'s fiancée to a crestfallen Julia. Julia runs to Glenn, wanting to be married immediately, and Glenn happily offers to take her to Las Vegas. Robbie awakens and promptly breaks it off with Linda for good. Inspired by the 50th wedding anniversary of his friend Rosie, to whom he has been giving singing lessons, Robbie decides to pursue Julia. Just then, Holly arrives, telling him of Julia\'s plans. Robbie, Sammy, and Holly rush to the airport, where Robbie books a flight to Las Vegas. He gets a first class ticket because all coach seats are sold out. After telling his story to a sympathetic audience in first class which includes Billy Idol , Robbie learns that Glenn and Julia are on the same flight as he peeps through the curtain separating first class and coach. Over the loudspeaker, and with the help of Idol and the flight crew, Robbie sings a song he has written called "Grow Old With You," which he has dedicated to Julia. When he enters the coach area, Glenn tries to attack him, only for his path to be blocked by a male flight attendant and Idol both pushing refreshment carts. When Glenn threatens Idol, a burly Idol fan also wearing biker attire forces Glenn down the aisle, and a female flight attendant he tried seducing earlier pushes him into the cabin toilet. Robbie and Julia admit their love for each other, and, after Idol briefly interrupts them to offer Robbie support in fulfilling his dream of being a songwriter, they share a kiss. The film ends as the scene fades to a similar kiss, this time at their wedding.'] ['Odile , a business executive, is married to weak, furtive Claude . In the past Odile was close to successful businessman Nicolas , now married with kids and returning to Paris after an eight-year absence. She is looking for a new, bigger apartment from estate agent Marc . Her younger sister Camille , has just completed her doctoral thesis in history and is a Paris tour guide. Simon  is a regular on Camille\'s tours because he\'s attracted to her, although he claims to be researching his historical radio dramas. Camille has fallen for Marc, and they begin an affair. Nicolas is also looking for an apartment, since he hopes to eventually have his family join him in Paris. The most original feature of this "musical" is that characters break into songs as sung by the original artists, i.e. depending on the circumstances, a female character may all of a sudden start singing in a male voice and vice versa. The judicious choice of songs and variety of styles make for some very funny surprises, considering the complete and voluntary absence of transitions between the talking and singing. The film\'s debt to Dennis Potter is acknowledged with a dedication in the opening credits.'] ['The film is set in France. Notorious womanizer Michael James  wants to be faithful to his fiancée Carole Werner , but every woman he meets seems to fall in love with him, including a neurotic American  and a parachutist  who accidentally lands in his car (1936-37 Singer 9 [[:File:\'36 Singer LeMans ."O\'Toole and the blue Singer.""The Nine Le Mans and Special Speed" His psychoanalyst, Dr Fassbender , cannot help either, since he\'s stalking one of his patients  who in turn longs for Michael. A catastrophe appears on the horizon when all the characters check into a quaint hideaway hotel in the French countryside for the weekend, unaware of each other\'s presence.'] ["The story focuses on Jane Marks, her adult daughters Michelle and Elizabeth, and her pre-teen adopted African American daughter Annie, each of whom allows her personal insecurities to affect her life. Jane, longing to look younger and thinner, opts for liposuction, with near tragic results. When Michelle's artistic talents fail to produce any income for her family, much to the dismay of her husband Bill, she takes a job as a one-hour photo developer and finds herself falling for the attention of her teenaged co-worker Jordan. Aspiring actress Elizabeth, who bestows upon stray dogs the affection she finds difficult to offer her boyfriend Paul, questions her appeal when she's rejected for a role based on her looks, and she seeks reassurance from film heartthrob Kevin McCabe. Overweight Annie tries to fit in better with her white adopted family by having her hair straightened by black Big Sister volunteer Lorraine, who Jane hopes will put the young girl in touch with her heritage."] ['Emperor Tod Spengo , with General Afir  at his side, takes over a small planet at the edge of the galaxy populated entirely by idiots, and renames it after himself. He orders that all the resources of the planet should be engaged to create his "Super Death Ray Laser"; the laser\'s purpose is to destroy Earth, thus making Spengo the greatest planet in the Universe. When Spengo looks at exactly where his laser would strike, he sees Marge Nelson  exercising — and falls in love. Using his Magnobeam , he kidnaps Marge and her husband, Dick , as they are on their way to a 20th-anniversary weekend, hoping to make Marge his before he blows up the Earth. Dick and Marge get separated on Spengo: Marge is sent to the lap of luxury, waited on by small people with fish or dog heads, while Dick is thrown into a dungeon. In the dungeon, however, Dick meets the rightful king of Spengo, Raff , who has plans hidden in his pants for his son, called the White Bird, out in the desert. Spengo quickly finds that his advances towards Marge are failing, so he tries to read Dick\'s mind in order to discover the secret to her heart. Following Dick\'s mind-probing, one of the Destroyers, Sibor , has a change of heart when asked to execute the Earthman. Encouraging Dick to not lose his woman and their love, the diminutive Destroyer frees Dick and helps him break out of the chamber. Despite the stupidity of his captors, Dick is soon discovered and forced down a garbage chute to the sewers. While in the dark, inundated tunnel, he is approached by a cute-looking mushroom-like creature, a lub-lub. Dick attempts to pet the lub-lub, but it immediately reveals its true carnivorous nature, forcing him to run for his life. Dick manages to escape the sewers and steal an escape pod, and winds up crashing miles away in the desert, where he meets the rightful king\'s son, Sirk , and daughter, Semage , as well as their followers. All of them are dressed as 6-foot-tall birds, although such creatures are not naturally found on Spengo, and the only weapons they have to fight the Emperor and the Destroyers are rocks, their "intelligence" and a number of stolen weapons, including Light Grenades, which completely disintegrate anyone who picks one up. At first, the rebels don\'t trust Dick and begin to torture him. When Dick reveals that he shared a cell with Raff and that he is on their side, their attitude quickly changes, and Dick rises to the rank of war leader. Using what little resources he can scrounge up, he devises a plan to sneak back into Spengo\'s palace and save Marge. He even inspires Raff\'s followers with a rousing speech, during which he says, "Just because you\'re stupid that doesn\'t mean you can\'t rule a planet. Hey! Come to Earth sometime." In the meantime, General Afir, who appears to be the only intelligent person among Spengo\'s forces, believes that Dick and Marge are the key to ending Spengo\'s rule, so he hatches a plan to stop the megalomaniac. He switches the love serum meant for Marge with water and informs her of his intentions to search for Dick, but Spengo overhears Afir\'s plan and has him placed in the barrel of the laser, to die when Earth is destroyed. During the wedding ceremony, a detachment of Spengo\'s soldiers go into the desert to finish the rebels, but find their camp deserted, and one by one they fall victim to one of the Light Grenades which has been left on Dick\'s pallet. In the meantime, Dick approaches Spengo\'s fortress with a large wooden bust of Spengo, reading "In Tod We Trust". At first Spengo says it is an obvious trick, but in the end he tells the guards to bring it in. In the midst of the wedding ceremony, Dick and the others emerge from the Trojan bust and the final battle begins. As fighting rages in the castle, Tod retreats to his lab with Marge and prepares to fire the laser at Earth. Dick and Tod clash with swords, but neither gains the upper hand, as both are clumsy fighters. Marge manages to use Dick\'s sword to cut her bonds and helps Dick defeat Tod and knock him into the garbage chute. As the two of them kiss and exchange "I love you"\'s, the bound and gagged Afir gives them a muffled reminder about the Death Ray, and they manage to shut it off as the countdown makes it half-way to zero. Meanwhile, Tod crash lands in the sewers where he is soon confronted by the killer mushrooms. After the rightful king is reinstated, he reverses the polarity on the Magnobeam to send Dick and Marge back home to Northern California. They arrive home with some slight damage to the station wagon , and then proceed to show their son, daughter, and her boyfriend slides  from what they claim is "Santa Barbara". Their daughter, Stephanie  and her boyfriend, Carl , find the images weird, but their son, Alan  enjoys it. To end their anniversary, Dick and Marge share drinks on the roof, watching the stars.'] ['When young Glaswegian cook Nina Shah  returns home for her father\'s funeral after three estranged years in London, England, she begins a romantic relationship with Lisa , an old childhood friend who now owns half the late father\'s Indian restaurant, The New Taj. Together they seek to save the restaurant by winning the national "Best in the West Curry Competition" for a third time. Nina\'s mother Suman  and brother Kary , however, want to sell the place to fellow restaurateur Raj , whose chef son Sanjay  had been left at the altar by Nina. Lending the young women moral support is Nina\'s flamboyant gay friend Bobbi , and Nina\'s younger sister Priya .'] ['A bartender with a fear of commitment has limited his social life to a weekly poker game with the guys. His best friend sets him up with sure thing one night stand and the two fall in love.'] ["The film begins with Tommy Lucero  being caught by French police following a foiled robbery at a museum. Tommy seems confident he will not remain in police custody very long. The film then shifts its focus to Henry Durand . Henry had to care for his mother, Marty , when his father died in jail. Now a grown man and an FBI agent, Henry leaves his overweight mother to go work on a case. Upon returning three years later, he finds his mother has lost a considerable amount of weight and is dating several men, one half her age, having turned over a new leaf after a passerby dropped a coin in her coffee cup, mistaking her for a homeless person. Henry announces to his mother that he has recently become engaged to another FBI agent, Emily . Henry finds himself in a very uneasy state with his newly transformed mother and begins to be extremely protective about her. He confides his worries in his fiancée who does not find anything unusual in Marty's behavior. While taking a walk with Henry and Emily, Marty is hit in the head by a toy helicopter being flown by Tommy. Tommy asks to take the trio to dinner at an old Albanian restaurant as an apology. Henry, who is still protective of his mother, grudgingly concedes to go when he notices how much his mother and Emily want to. Romance sparks between Marty and Tommy. Henry, meanwhile, is informed by his FBI superiors that they expect Tommy and two accomplices are going to attempt to steal a sculpture currently on display at a local museum. Along with his fellow agents, Henry spies on his mother around the clock, albeit reluctantly, after the FBI chief implied that he may be shipped to Alaska if he doesn't cooperate. Many uncomfortable situations arise for Henry as he has to listen into the conversations his mother has with Tommy. While stealing the sculpture, Tommy is betrayed by his gang members and shot twice in the chest. He survives due to wearing a ballistic vest, but is later caught by Henry and Emily. Tommy reveals to them that his real name is Tomas Martinez and he is with the CIA. He has been working undercover trying to apprehend a gang of thieves who are stealing art to fund terrorism. He is concerned the gang will attempt to kill Marty as they know he has been romantically involved with her and she may know about their operation. The trio reaches the Durand house in time to rescues Marty from the gang. The film ends the gang members taken into custody while Tommy kisses Marty and Henry kisses Emily."] ['Jara  is a security guard at a supermarket who falls in love with Julia , a cleaning worker from the night shift. Jara is about 30 years old, solitary, quiet and big. That is why before approaching to Julia, he watches her via the television cameras monitoring the supermarket, and then pursues her across the city of Montevideo, where the film takes place.Oficial site from the film'] ['Jack Elliot is an aging American baseball player unsuspectingly put on the trading block by the New York Yankees in favor of a rookie first-baseman (played by former Chicago White Sox player [[Frank Thomas , and there\'s only one taker: the Nagoya Chunichi Dragons of Japan\'s Nippon Professional Baseball. Right away, the arrogant Elliot clashes with the Japanese culture and the team\'s manager; and he soon alienates his new teammates. He believes the rules and management style of his new skipper, Uchiyama , are ludicrous, and continues to do things his way, which leads his already dwindling performance to suffer that much more. His only ally on the team is another American ballplayer, Max "Hammer" Dubois , but even he\'s fed up with Jack\'s attitude and lack of respect for the game and his team. At the same time, Elliot develops a relationship with the beautiful Hiroko , who is, he later finds out, Uchiyama\'s daughter. After one too many outbursts, including punching out his interpreter , Elliot is suspended from play. After meeting Hiroko\'s family, including Uchiyama, Uchiyama admits to Jack that he hired him over the objections of management  and now his own career, not just Jack\'s, is in jeopardy. After hearing this, Elliot swallows his pride and admits his deficiencies. In a rare show of humility, he apologizes to the team, who rally around him and teach him the value of sportsmanship and respect for hard work. Uchiyama lifts his suspension and begins to work with Elliot on improving his play. The reinvigorated Elliot\'s enthusiasm for team play is contagious and the mediocre Dragons become contenders for the Central League pennant. In the process, he also utilizes a Japanese tradition of being able to tell off Uchiyama while intoxicated to convince him to encourage his players to be more aggressive and "have a little fun." Eventually, Elliot gets the opportunity to break Uchiyama\'s record of seven consecutive games with a home run. His new-found respect for team play becomes apparent in a crucial game against the Yomiuri Giants. With the bases loaded, two outs and his team down 6-5, the team brass expects Uchiyama to signal for a bunt to try and tie the game, even though it would deny Elliot the chance to break the home run record. Elliot goes to Uchiyama and asks if he read the sign correctly. Uchiyama nods and tells him to swing away, knowing that a home run would break his record. Elliot takes a called strike one with a questionable call on the first pitch. Elliot fouls the second pitch back. Faced with a no ball, two strike count, Elliot sees the Giants\' infield is playing deep and bunts. The Giants are caught off guard and the bunt is successful in allowing the tying run to cross. As the Giants struggle to field the ball, Elliot runs through and knocks over one of the Giants\' players , which causes a throwing error and allows the winning run to score from second base. With the Dragons winning the pennant, Max and Elliot return to Major League Baseball. Max signs a contract with the Los Angeles Dodgers, ending his five year career in NPB, and Elliot, who is married to Hiroko, becomes a coach and mentor with the Detroit Tigers. The movie ends with one of the players calling him Chief, the same name he called Uchiyama in Japan.'] ['Nina and Robert Tracey  are a couple who have been married for eight years who decide to get a divorce after suffering marriage troubles. Robert takes up with his womanising Navy buddy Charlie Nelson  while Nina looks to her interfering mother for guidance. Robert decides to spend the night with Janis , a Marilyn Monroe-type character who finds the dashing Robert quite cute, but he feels uncomfortable with Janis and any other girls that he dates. Nina also tries to date other men but fails as she is still in love with Robert. Although they try to ignore each other any time that they accidentally meet, it is obvious that the past is not dead. Then one night, they find themselves in a nightclub, dancing the mambo together.'] ['Banerjee stars as Ram Das, a jobless Indian man who, tired of life in Calcutta, steals money from his father in order to afford a passage to Britain and while there, falls in love with a white woman.All Movie Guide'] ['The film starts with Jesse meeting Céline on a train from Budapest and striking up a conversation with her. Jesse is going to Vienna to catch a flight back to the United States, whereas Céline is returning to university in Paris after visiting her grandmother. When they reach Vienna, Jesse convinces Céline to disembark with him, saying that 10 or 20 years down the road, she might not be happy with her marriage and might wonder how her life would have been different if she had picked another guy, and this is a chance to realize that he himself is not that different from the rest; in his words, he is "the same boring, unmotivated guy." Jesse has to catch a flight early in the morning and does not have enough money to rent a room for the night, so they decide to roam around in Vienna. After visiting a few landmarks in Vienna, they share a kiss at the top of the Wiener Riesenrad Ferris wheel at sunset and start to feel a romantic connection. As they continue to roam around the city, they begin to talk more openly with each other, with conversations ranging from topics about love, life, religion, and their observations of the city. Céline tells Jesse that her last boyfriend broke up with her six months ago, claiming that she "loved him too much". When questioned, Jesse reveals he had initially come to Europe to spend time with his girlfriend who was studying in Madrid, but they had broken up when she was avoiding him while he was there. He decided to take a cheap flight out of Europe, out of Vienna, but it did not leave for two weeks so he bought a Eurail pass and traveled around Europe. When they are walking alongside the Donaukanal  they are approached by a man who, instead of begging, offers to write them a poem with a word of their choice in it. Jesse and Céline decide on the word "milkshake", and are soon presented with the poem Delusion Angel (written for the film by the poet [[David Jewell . In a traditional Viennese café, Jesse and Céline stage fake phone conversations with each other, playing each others\' friends they pretend to call. Céline reveals that she was ready to get off the train with Jesse before he convinced her. Jesse reveals that after he broke up with his girlfriend, he bought a flight that really was not much cheaper, and all he really wanted was an escape from his life. They admit their attraction to each other and how the night has made them feel, though they understand that they probably will not see each other again when they leave. They simply decide to make the best of what time they have left, ending the night with the implication of a sexual encounter between them. At that point, Jesse explains that if given the choice, he would marry her instead of never seeing her again. The film ends the next day at the train station , where the two hastily agree to meet together at the same place in six months as the train is about to leave.'] ["Set in Auckland, New Zealand the film centres around four Samoan boys: ladies' man Michael, party boy Sefa, good boy Albert, and weird Stanley, who although they are in their mid 20s to early 30s have a reputation for behaving immaturely at special occasions such as family weddings. After four particular incidents , the local minister of their Samoan church rules that the four are to be banned from the wedding of Michael's brother, Sione. This is hard news for the boys, especially since Michael was supposed to be the best man, however Albert comes up with a solution - bring a date to the wedding. He proposes to the minister that being with a girl at the wedding would force the men to be on their best behaviour. The minister allows them to go but requires that the boys must have a serious relationship with their dates or Eugene  will forcibly block them. While the boys think it's an easy plan, they soon realise that finding a girlfriend isn't as easy as it looks, especially since the wedding is just one month away."] ["Colleen Gibson doesn't realize live-in boyfriend Dick Rasmusson, a third-rate private detective, has been cheating on her until phony psychic Madame Hugonaut inadvertently provides accurate details about his most recent indiscretion. When Colleen confronts him with what she believes is an empty gun, she shoots and kills Dick, who ironically had loaded the firearm without her knowledge. Enter Daniel Gallagher, an Irish mobster whose desire to be a crooner was dampened by his ex-girlfriend Mary when she laughed at his singing. Daniel has managed not to kill anyone in his short career as a hit man, so when he discovers Colleen has murdered Dick, who was next on his hit list, he's happy to take the credit and tell his boss and brother-in-law Jared O'Reilly that he finally completed an assignment. Unfortunately, Jared starts giving him a lot more, and Daniel enlists Colleen to do his dirty work for him. Complicating matters are Daniel's sister Ivy, who would like to see her husband dead; two bumbling detectives investigating Dick's murder; and the reappearance of Mary and her new beau, mumbling Tony Moretti."] ['Set in a present that feels more like the past, Harry Dobbs is a private detective surrounded by mysterious and dangerous dames. Among them is his angry girlfriend, Doris, and the suspicious women he encounters on his latest case. In a nightclub, the sultry Miss Dolan hires the private eye to follow her lover, Rick, who might be trying to kill her. The trail takes Harry to women like Mrs. King and Mrs. McGraw, who apparently are wed to the same man. A female investigator named Stella Wynkowski turns up. Harry teams up with her, never entirely certain whether she is friend or foe.'] ['Wilson , a 29-year-old man who has just endured the most miserable year of his life, newly arrived in the City of Angels, is alone and penniless as New Year\'s Eve approaches. He vows to lock his doors, pull his blinds, and climb into bed - until best friend Jacob ([[Brian McGuire  talks him into posting a Craigslist personal ad. In seemingly no time at all Vivian  responds, determined to be with the "right" man at the stroke of midnight.'] ["Blanche is freshly installed in Cergy-Pontoise, a trendy new town near Paris. She has a new apartment, a new job with no one over and no one under her. She meets Léa at the swimming pool, and soon she meets an acquaintance of Léa, Alexandre, who she approaches somewhat awkwardly. The movie then follows the time-honored plot of exchange of relationships, as Blanche and Lea switch boyfriends. the name L'ami de mon amie would then literally mean the friend of my friend or perhaps the boyfriend of my girlfriend, ami meaning friend, boyfriend in this case, and amie being the female of the word ami with the same general and intended meanings."] ["Small-town girl Katherine  steals a train-wreck victim's lease on a New York City flat in order to enjoy the good life. When her family turns up, she pretends to be the wife of the absent owner who, in turn, returns."] ['{{Plot}} The film opens with Francie "Gidget" Lawrence  and Jeff "Moondoggie" Matthews  on their surfboards in the water, Gidget is overjoyed that Jeff is on vacation from college. This leads to the opening credits and shows a montage of the two together. While at breakfast one morning, Gidget\'s father Russ  announces that they are going to vacation in Hawaii. Gidget, unlike most girls, hates surprises and wishes he had told her sooner, so they could have delayed the trip. Gidget refuses to go, and runs out the door. Gidget\'s mother Dorothy , explains to her husband that Jeff is all that matters to Gidget. Russ and Dorothy decide to cancel Gidget\'s room reservation and keep one just for the two of them, so they can have a second honeymoon and Gidget can stay home with Jeff. Meanwhile Gidget goes to the beach, and tells Moondoggie about going to Hawaii. Jeff thinks it\'s great and says she should go. Gidget is surprised by this response and thinks that their relationship means nothing to Jeff. She returns his pin and runs off, leaving an upset, confused and frustrated Moondoggie on the beach. She also decides to go to Hawaii to forget about Jeff. So the Lawrence family packs up and flies to Hawaii. While on the plane Gidget meets Abby Stewart  whose family is staying at the same hotel. Gidget\'s parents and Abby\'s parents Monty  and Mitzi  are talking at the front of the plane. They both learn that Eddie Horner  a popular dancer is performing at a theater–restaurant next to their hotel. They also meet three more men named Judge , Larry , and Wally . Abby enjoys the fact that they will all be at the same hotel but Gidget barely reacts. Abby figures out that Gidget has just broken up and asks her to tell the story. Gidget does, but in an overly dramatic way. She says it was love at first sight . She then goes on to say that she went overboard and "surrendered herself completely," which Abby interprets to mean that she went all the way. Gidget then tells Abby that she used to call him "Moondoggie" which Abby finds very strange as well. When they reach Hawaii, Gidget\'s parents have to get a separate room for Gidget instead of a connecting one, because they canceled the previous reservation. While everyone else is enjoying Hawaii and having fun, Gidget stays in her room and mopes all day. Abby is toying with all the boys\' emotions, but especially Eddie Horner\'s, as he is the one she likes best. He seems to like Abby too, but has also found an interest in Gidget. Gidget\'s father feels bad and decides to send a message to Jeff, telling him that Gidget is miserable, and it would make her feel better if he  flew down there. Once Jeff learns this he immediately accepts. That night Abby visits Gidget, and invites her to dine with Eddie, Judge, Larry and Wally and Herself. Abby decided to go with all of them, because she didn\'t want to choose. Gidget declines and says she\'d be happier if she stayed in her room. Once Abby leaves, Gidget\'s mom enters and says she feels bad but Gidget should enjoy her time there and have fun with Abby and the boys . Gidget agrees and says she\'ll be there soon. While at the restaurant, Abby is annoyed that she can\'t be alone with Eddie, so she finds two other girls named Barbara Jo and DeeDee to accompany them. Once they are there Abby gets to talk to Eddie alone while Wally, Judge and Larry argue over Barbara Jo and DeeDee. Meanwhile Gidget\'s and Abby\'s parents are also at the restaurant  and are talking when Russ receives a telegram that Jeff is taking the first plane out. Back at the other table Eddie asks Abby why her friend couldn\'t join them. Abby replies that she just wasn\'t interested. While she says this we see Gidget appear all dressed up to join them, much to the surprise of Abby, the boys, and Gidget\'s father. All the guys including Eddie are now completely drawn to her much to the anger of Abby. Finally they announce the time to dance where Eddie automatically grabs Gidget\'s hand, leaving an angry Abby and an overjoyed Judge to dance. Gidget and Eddie seem to hit it off. Later that night in Gidget\'s hotel room, Abby comes back in and explains to Gidget how she was annoyed that Gidget just came in like that and didn\'t even mention Abby inviting her. Gidget is unaware of how annoyed Abby is and replies that she was only doing her mom a favor. The next day we see Gidget surfing, and again a very annoyed Abby looks on because Abby hates the water and refuses to go in . Gidget also neglected to tell Abby that she surfs. The guys watch in amazement as Gidget shows off her surfing moves. They then join Gidget, and Eddie asks her for surfing lessons. On his first attempt he wipes out. After that, Eddie and Gidget run back on shore, where they are alone and Eddie kisses her. Gidget pulls away at first, but goes back to kissing him. Right at that very moment, Jeff appears but then claims he mistook her for another girl. After he leaves, Eddie tries to go back and kiss Gidget, but she pushes him away and runs after Moondoggie. Gidget and Moondoggie get into a fight and decide to go their separate ways. That night they\'re all at dinner when Abby arrives with Jeff . Gidget tries to make Jeff jealous by flirting with Eddie. They also begin a conversation about things being tame and Judge tells Gidget that she should try water skiing  and Gidget says she will. The next day everyone is at the ski jump but only Gidget dares to attempt it. She seems to do well, but once she gets to the jump she lets go of the handle, and goes crashing into the water. Jeff and Judge get in a boat and save her. While in the boat going back to join the others, Gidget flirts with Judge and agrees to go with him that night to watch Eddie perform, all in the presence of Jeff. The next day they are all on a boat and Gidget acts offended by a comment Abby makes about the water. So Gidget goes off to another part of the boat and Jeff follows her. He goes and tells her to cut it out, although Abby thinks Jeff now likes her. Abby decides to start a rumor about Gidget saying how she\'s slept with Eddie and other people, rationalizing that it is half true because Gidget had said that she gave herself "completely" to "that Moondoggie person". Abby tells her mom Mitzi who then goes and tells Gidget\'s mother Dorothy. Dorothy refuses to believe it and says that she thinks Abby started the rumor, and they get into an argument. Dorothy tells Russ and they both question Gidget; she denies even the thought of it. This leaves both her parents, especially her father, angry and frustrated. Dorothy and Russ get into a fight. Russ leaves and goes to the bar. Meanwhile Monty and Mitzi also get into a fight because Monty thinks Mitzi should have kept her mouth shut which results in Mitzi going down to the bar. While at the bar, Mitzi and Russ talk and realize they see eye to eye on things and have a drink. Meanwhile Monty and Dorothy talk in the hotel room and go downstairs to another bar in the hotel. After talking Russ and Mitzi decide to go to the Mauhana Room. Just as they leave, Dorothy and Monty also go to the Mauhana room, but by another route. This is all witnessed by the clerk at the desk. Meanwhile at the Luau, Abby is the center of attention, and is happy, primarily because Gidget isn\'t there. Eddie goes off to take a walk and bumps into Gidget who tells him of the rumor that is going around and says she doesn\'t want to go because she doesn\'t know if anyone else has heard. Eddie then pulls her aside and tells Gidget he\'s fallen in love with her. Gidget tells him that she doesn\'t like him, and that she\'s sorry. They agree to be friends. Gidget goes for a walk on the beach. While on the beach, Gidget pictures herself promiscuous and pregnant. Back at the Luau, Abby and Jeff are talking and Abby tells him about the rumor that Gidget sleeps around. Jeff can\'t believe it. Abby then admits it\'s a lie and she  only had one affair. Jeff asks when Gidget told her that, and Abby replies that Gidget told her on the plane, but why any girl would fall for a guy called "Moondoggie" is beyond her. Jeff then realizes how much he cares about Gidget. He tells Abby that he likes her and to call him what everyone at home calls him, "Moondoggie." Jeff runs off leaving an upset Abby at the Luau. On the beach Moondoggie and Gidget reconnect and talk about what happened on their way back to the hotel. Gidget asks the clerk if her parents were in and the clerk says Abby\'s Dad and Gidget\'s Mom went one way while Gidget\'s Dad and Abby\'s Mom went the other way. This leaves Gidget very worried and she decides to wait for them in their suite and Moondoggie accompanies her. We then see Monty, Mitzi, Russ, and Dorothy talking all together at a table. They discuss the situation, and Mitzi says she will punish Abby when they get back. Dorothy decides to call to see if Gidget is in her room, but gets no answer. When they get back to the hotel, they decide to wait for Gidget in her suite. Meanwhile Gidget is in her parents suite and is worried because she thinks her parents are cheating on each other. So she and Jeff make up a plan. In Gidget\'s suite, Dorothy calls all Gidget\'s friends asking if they saw her. The news then gets to Abby who feels horrible thinking that she caused all this. Eventually DeeDee, Abby, Abby\'s Parents, Eddie, Judge, Wally and Larry are all in Gidget\'s suite worrying about where she is. Finally Gidget\'s dad goes back to his suite to get something. Russ comes in to find Gidget and Moondoggie kissing on the couch. He cries out in relief, but Gidget tells him, that her Mom is asleep, but she fixed it so his bed looks slept in. But to get out of here and come back in the morning, so she won\'t suspect anything. Russ plays along and he and Jeff both go to Gidget\'s suite where Jeff sees that everyone is waiting. Russ tells Dorothy to go in and "get your half of what I got". She goes in and Gidget tells her the same thing but Dorothy goes into the bedroom and Gidget thinks her dad is not there and fears problems will arise. But to her surprise, her father is asleep in the bed. She taps him and he jumps up and yells "Boo!" Then everyone else comes in and is laughing at Gidget. Gidget laughs and kisses Jeff and tells Eddie sorry but he had no chance up against Jeff and explains to everyone what happened. All is well until Gidget realizes she has some unfinished business. The following day the gang drags Abby into the water. We see a wave come and a screaming Abby on Gidget\'s surfboard. Gidget just looks over to Jeff and laughs.'] ["The film focuses on a group of students from Los Angeles who travel to Palm Springs to spend the Easter weekend there. Student Jim Munroe  falls in love with Bunny Dixon , the daughter of an overprotective police chief . Munroe's room mate Biff Roberts  and plain-jane Amanda North  try to seduce each other. Spoiled rich playboy Eric Dean  and Doug Fortune , a Hollywood stuntman from Texas, compete for the attentions of a pretty girl  from Beverly Hills."] ["Set in Coburn University, the movie centers around Felix's  relationship with Suzanne , who has been designated as Matt  and Grogan's ([[Kevin Heffernan  defense in a trial after being caught breaking into the campus cafeteria. Zach  tags along while Freaky Reaky  steals the show. The film was shot at Colgate University"] ['On leave from the military, Cheol-soo arrives at his girlfriend\'s apartment only to find it occupied by another woman, Choon-hee. After a few days he finds out that his girlfriend is now engaged to someone else, and having nowhere else to go he ends up staying with Choon-hee. At first the two struggle to get along, but before long Chul-soo discovers that she is writing a screenplay to enter into a competition, and they end up working on a story together based on their own experiences of love, titling it "Art Museum by the Zoo".'] ['Larry Kozinski  and Maria Hardy  meet at the marriage of Larry\'s uncle Phil and Maria\'s mother Edie . Newly made cousins-by-marriage, they find they have more in common than expected as their respective spouses, insecure Tish  and boorish Tom  begin an affair. Over a series of ritualized family events, dreamer Larry and repressed Maria decide to exact revenge on their spouses by pretending to have an affair themselves. Their good-natured plan takes on unexpected gravity when they learn not only are they great friends, but they realize they\'re falling in love with each other. They consummate the affair, but the ramifications shake their families, including Larry\'s artistic son Mitch  and Maria\'s adorable but aggressive daughter Chloe . They end the affair to bring stability back into their families\' lives. Meanwhile, , Larry\'s father Vince  becomes interested in his widowed sister-in-law Edie and courts her. Larry and Maria meet again some time later at Vince and Edie\'s wedding. Encouraged by Tish , he asks Maria to "dance with him", angering Tom but convincing Maria to break free from her unhappy marriage. In an epilogue, Larry and Maria are seen sailing away with their children, living a fantasy they had shared from their earlier affair.'] ["Grant Austen , the head of Austen Plastics, yearns for retirement. So when Scofield Industries, by far his largest customer, threatens to take its business elsewhere, Austen considers selling his company. He hires a consulting firm, which finds an interested potential buyer, the notorious Cash McCall . Cash meets with Austen and his daughter Lory , who owns part of the company. Austen conceals the problem with Scofield Industries. Afterwards, Cash speaks to Lory privately – he talks about the previous summer when they first met and became instantly attracted to each other. However, when Lory showed up at his cabin later that summer night, Cash was not ready for a serious relationship and turned her down. Mortified by the rejection, she fled. Upon further thought, Cash realized he had made a mistake. Not really interested in the company, he overpays for Austen Plastics just so he can talk to her. Before the deal is finalized, Cash's assistant Gil Clark ([[Henry Jones  discovers that Austen Plastics holds patents essential to Scofield Industries. Its alarmed boss, retired Army General Danvers , tries to buy Austen Plastics himself. Cash then decides that he could run Scofield more profitably and starts buying up controlling interest in the second company. In the middle of all the dealmaking, Cash proposes marriage to Lory, and she accepts. However, the assistant manager of the hotel where Cash resides, Maude Kennard , wants Cash herself, and tricks Lory into believing that she is Cash's girlfriend. Meanwhile, one of Austen's business acquaintances convinces him that Cash swindled him and paid much less than the company is worth, prompting Austen to decide to go to court. Eventually, everything is cleared up, and Cash and Lory reconcile."] ["The story line primarily follows three American students as they feel their ways through a year of studies at The Institute in Paris: Laura , who ostensibly narrates the goings-on of the film with the postcards she sends to her boyfriend back home; Alex , whose interests aren't so much in studying but with love and life in Paris; and Joel , who can't quite seem to live with the courage of his convictions. Alex becomes ensnared in a tryst with his instructor (and the Institute's co-director Madam Tessier , while Joel falls in love with a local bookstore employee, Toni ."] ["In 1970s Britain, three friends spend their days joking, drinking, fighting and chasing girls. Freddie  wants to leave their working-class world but cool, charismatic Bruce ([[Tom Hughes  and lovable loser Snork ([[Jack Doolan  are happy with life the way it is. When Freddie gets a new job as a door-to-door salesman and bumps into his old school sweetheart Julie , the gang are forced to make choices that will change their lives forever. Freddie gets a job working for Julie's dad  selling life insurance."] ['Margo  is a woman from New Jersey who marries a fellow New Jersey native Jake . After it becomes evident that their marriage will not last, the two are divorced and Margo is remarried, this time to Rock ([[William Dozier , a California surfer. However, this marriage does not last long either and they are quickly divorced. Jake and Rock were previously introduced to each other by Margo and, after they are both divorced from her, they form a friendship and live as roommates. The two have very little in common except for the fact that they married and divorced the same woman. They become best friends, even though they constantly irritate each other, and they decide to write a film based on their experience of being married to Margo. During their work on the project, they meet many more people just like them whose lives were impacted by Margo.'] ['Cunda  lives deep in the Brazilian rainforest and is intent on making enough money so he can marry a widow in his village. However, his trade - capturing snakes for scientists - pays very little money, and he\'s in direct competition with other suitors. One day, Cunda is bitten by a snake, and he crawls to the river to recover. While going through the agonizing recovery, he has an hallucination of four chimpanzees sitting in the river. Recovered, he returns home and finds the four chimpanzees waiting for him, and his efforts to shoo them away fail. Knowing that chimpanzees are not native to Brazil, he decides that they are a kind of supernatural gift for him. Believing this, he decides to take them to "the city" to sell them. The journey isn\'t easy from the start; he discovers that he can\'t tie them on a rope and drag them, and the only way is to coax them. They stumble into a gold-panning camp, where Cunda is forced to work in order to pay off an old debt. When one of the monkeys is taken as payment, Cunda must figure how to retrieve the monkey and escape. Later, he, the monkeys and the adults of a village are kidnapped by mercenaries. Cunda and the monkeys escape, along with a village woman who refuses to leave his side. Arriving at a small town, a confusing sequence results in one of the monkeys disappearing, and Cunda becoming the servant of the local rich woman who has taken it upon herself to take care of the monkeys. Cunda now has to solve these two problems, and deal with the fact of the village woman\'s attraction to him plus his growing fondness of the monkeys.'] ["A denizen  of a faraway planet occupied only by highly evolved males is ordered to find a female human, impregnate her and bring the baby back to the planet. The visitor to Earth assumes the name Harold Anderson and eventually meets Susan , a recovering alcoholic. He must marry her before he can try to mate. Greg Kinnear plays Harold's sleazy, conniving co-worker at the bank, and John Goodman co-stars as an FAA worker obsessed with finding the alien."] ['Always Kabhi Kabhi focuses on four students and their struggle through their final year at St Mark\'s School. The first teenager is Shortcut Sam , the cool guy, who falls in love with Aishwarya  who is about to become a Bollywood actress. Aishwarya is a new student who befriends Sam on her first day, and the two fall in love at first sight. A Shakespeare play approaches in which Aishwarya automatically gains the role of Juliet. Sam tries his level best to learn the lines of Romeo so as to impress Mrs. Das and gain the role of Romeo. He succeeds in the end. The next two friends, Tariq  and Nandy , love to fight and argue with each other, but do not understand that they are in love. Nandini\'s parents don\'t spend any time with her and are always travelling. In the absence of her parents, she goes to illegal clubs and parties every day and spends money lavishly. Tariq has the burden of getting into MIT. They realize their love for each other during Nandy\'s struggle to get approval of her apology after she forwards Tariq\'s MIT denial letter, oblivious that he had not read it himself. Sam gives a party in Hellfire but then there\'s a raid and he gets arrested while saving Aishwarya. The two corrupt policemen try to bag 50,000 rupees from Sam. He tries his best to avoid the policemen and tries to pay them a little by little. Aishwarya breaks up him because, during the party, Nandy\'s toyboy offers him a drag; even though Aishwarya begged him to leave, he agreed to smoke weed because the toyboy makes fun of him and asked him to be a man. After she heard that Sam had sacrifised himself to save her, they make up. During Aishu\'s 18th birthday, Sam confesses his love for her only to be caught together by her mother and her agent renames her as Kashish for the fims and even persuades her to do a photoshoot in which she only wears a bikini. When Sam finds out that the prize money of the inter-school Shakespeare play competition is Rs.50,000 , he begins to put more pressure on the group to come in time for the practices. Meanwhile, Aishwarya is being offered a movie contract that she doesn\'t want to do. During a meeting, she rips the contract and runs to meet Sam and the others and continue their practice for the competition. Enraged by Aishu\'s absence during practice, Sam confronts her, oblivious to what she had done for him. Aishu didn\'t know about the money he owes the policemen and does not understand the reason of his anger. She runs into the streets only to be hit by a car and go into coma. Aishwarya\'s mother confronts Sam about the accident because she believed that he was the cause and does not permit him to see her. While dropping Aishwarya\'s clothes, Tariq and Nandy notice Aishwarya\'s phone has an electronical diary and reads it. It shows her point of view about everyone in the group and talks about how their parents have pressurized them. So, they perform Romeo and Juliet with a different point of view, saying that Romeo and Juliet would not have died if their parents had approved of their love and listened to them, implying that their parents should do the same. They perform the song "Antenna" to convey their thoughts.'] ['The story opens with Miles Harding , an architect who envisions a brick shaped like a jigsaw puzzle piece that could enable buildings to withstand earthquakes. Seeking a way to get organized, he buys a home computer  to help him develop his ideas. Although he is initially unsure that he will even be able to correctly operate the computer, he later buys numerous extra gadgets that were not necessary for his work, such as switches to control household appliances like the blender, a speech synthesizer, and a microphone. The computer  addresses Miles as "Moles", because Miles mistyped his name during the initial set-up. When Miles attempts to download data from a mainframe computer at work, the computer begins to overheat. In a state of panic, Miles pours a nearby bottle of champagne over the machine, which then becomes sentient. The remainder of the movie deals with a love triangle between Miles, his computer , and Miles\' neighbor, an attractive cellist named Madeline . Upon hearing her practicing a piece from Notebook for Anna Magdalena Bach on her cello through an air vent connecting both apartments, Edgar promptly elaborates a parallel variation of the piece, leading to an improvised duet. Believing it was Miles who had engaged her in the duet, Madeline begins to fall in love with him in spite of her ongoing relationship with fellow musician Bill . At Miles\' request, Edgar composes a piece of music for Madeline. When their mutual love becomes evident, however, Edgar responds with jealousy, canceling Miles\' credit cards and registering him as an "armed and dangerous" criminal. Miles shoves the computer and tries to unplug it, getting an electric shock. Then the computer retaliates by harassing him with household electronics. Eventually, Edgar accepts Madeline and Miles\' love for each other, and appears to commit suicide by sending a large electric current through its acoustic coupler, around the world, and back to itself. In the final scene, a pop song  written by Edgar as a tribute to Miles and Madeline plays on radio stations around the United States.'] ["The movie tells the story of Phillip Dimitrius , a middle-aged New York City architect who is going through a difficult mid-life crisis. After learning that his wife Antonia has been having an affair, Dimitrius leaves New York City and moves to a Greek island with his teenage daughter, Miranda . In Athens he meets Aretha Tomalin , a singer, and they become lovers. Mysteriously, he takes a vow of celibacy after they move to the island. Living on the island is Kalibanos, an eccentric hermit , who previously was its only resident. Phillip Dimitrius finally seems happy, until one day a twist of fate brings his wife, her new lover Alonzo , and Alonzo's son to the island due to a shipwreck."] ['Michael Ashburn  is the chief assistant to Rufus Trent , a wealthy London loan broker. Michael is socially prominent, but works for a living. He is engaged to Trent\'s daughter, Roberta . The match had been engineered primarily by the socially-ambitious Mrs. Trent . As Michael is closing the shop late one afternoon, a man named Douglas  takes out a large loan, using earrings worn by his niece, Julie , as a deposit. He scurries right off with the money but, to his dismay, Michael finds that the earrings are fastened to Julie\'s ears and cannot be removed. He now has to keep guard of her until Douglas returns with the money. Julie wants to go somewhere warm for the night. He hails a policeman to have her put in a jail cell so that she\'s kept somewhere safe, but when the cop arrives, she tricks him into arresting Michael instead. She manages to swipe Michael\'s house key and spends the night at his house. The next morning, the butler finds Julie in Michael\'s bed. Michael arrives home with a cold after his night in jail. He doesn\'t realize that Julie\'s at his house. When Roberta arrives, angry, he calms her down, until she discovers Julie in Michael\'s pajamas and in his bedroom. Roberta breaks off her engagement to Michael. Julie slips away in the confusion and arrives at a theatrical agency. Her "uncle" runs the agency and she quickly removes the earrings as he praises her night\'s work. In reality, Julie is an actress and, with her successful work breaking the engagement between Michael and Roberta, is offered a leading role in a new production. Roberta arrives at home and tells her parents that the engagement is off. Trent is thrilled. It is revealed at this time that Trent hired Douglas\'s agency to break the engagement. At work Michael is being called to the carpet by Trent for loaning money without collateral when Mrs. Trent arrives and fixes everything so that Robert and Michael are engaged again. Trent, upset that the wedding is still on, goes back to Douglas and tells him he won\'t pay until the engagement is broken for good. Gilbert , Trent\'s assistant, dislikes Michael. He works with Julie by bringing in a box for Michael at work. Inside are Michael\'s pajamas. Roberta is there when the box arrives and she isn\'t happy to see the contents. Michael hurries her off when he sees Julie inside the shop vault. Michael takes Julie to her hotel room and stays with her when she pretends to be sick after her night outside. He arrives late for dinner with Roberta and her friends. When she questions him, he admits to being with Julie, but he reassures her that Julie is very sick in bed. At that instant Julie shows up looking glamorous. Fed up, Roberta leaves, but Michael insists on staying because he has to keep an eye on the earrings. Alone with Michael, Julie confesses that she was trying to break up his engagement on purpose that night because she didn\'t think he should be married simply because he comes from a prominent family. As they share a cozy ride in a carriage, Michael makes overtures to having feelings for Julie. She tries to explain about the earrings when they are held up by robbers. They want the earrings. Michael explains that they cannot be removed, but one of the robbers threatens to cut Julie\'s ears off to get to them. She takes the earrings off easily and gives them to the robbers. Furious, Michael admits to being a fool. He leaves her. Trent doesn\'t want to pay Douglas, so he gets a note at dinner asking Trent to meet Douglas in Julie\'s dressing room. Mrs. Trent follows Trent, demanding an explanation. Since Trent had finally paid up, Douglas lies and says that he had a scheme to break up Michael and Roberta\'s engagement, but that Trent paid him off. The truth comes out accidentally when Julie refuses to continue with the plan. The police arrive when Michael recognizes one of the robbers—the one who threatened to cut off Julie\'s ears—as a waiter at the club. The waiter tells the police that Roberta paid him to rob Julie and Michael. He breaks into Julie\'s show and tells her he loves her.'] ["Robert Blossom is a workaholic brassiere manufacturer. When his wife Harriet's sewing machine breaks down, he sends his bumbling employee Ambrose Tuttle to repair it. Mrs. Blossom seduces him, then hides him in the attic, instructing him to sneak out in the middle of the night. Ambrose, however, is enchanted by the woman and decides to settle in to serve as her secret paramour. When he's reported missing, Det. Sgt. Dylan from Scotland Yard is assigned to the case, one he doggedly pursues for years. The mysterious noises Robert frequently hears overhead finally lead to his nervous breakdown, but Ambrose saves the day by passing along stock tips that turn his employer into a millionaire. The grateful Mr. Blossom not only allows Ambrose to remain with his wife, but presents the couple with his factory as a wedding present."] ["The story is set in 1967 Yasothon Province, Thailand, where Yam is a hard-working, humble and kind farmer – kind that is except when it comes to the attentions of Joei, the homely maid of Soy, who is the girlfriend of Yam's cousin, Tong. Yam tends to stray and injured animals of all kinds, but he never has nice things to say to Joei. Despite this, she persists in flirting with Yam and making unwanted physical advances. Meanwhile, Soy and Tong cuddle, kiss and hug each other at every opportunity. Soy's aunt, the haughty village moneylender, Dok Toh, disapproves of Soy seeing Tong, whom Dok Toh believes is too low class for her niece. She orders Soy and Joei to stay away from Yam and Tong. The social-climbing Dok Toh additionally arranges for Soy to meet the handsome yet dull son of the local sheriff, who has a pair of slow-witted henchmen who will help enforce Dok Toh's orders that Joei and Soy never again see Yam and Tong. However, on the night of a village temple fair, Tong and Soy and Yam and Joei sneak away and each couple finds a place to spend the night together. Tong and Soy stay up all night talking about their true feelings for one another, while Joei takes sexual advantage of Yam. Dok Toh finds out about Joei and Soy's misadventures and arranges to send them away to Bangkok. Soy will attend a trade school, learning English language and secretarial skills while Joei will learn to be a seamstress and hairdresser. With the money earned while she is in Bangkok, Joei transforms herself by creating a new wardrobe and undergoing beauty treatments, including having her skin lightened, a prominent mole removed and her teeth straightened and whitened. In Joei's absence, Yam begins to long for her, discovering that he had a place for her in his heart after all. Both Soy and Joei write letters to their men, but they hear nothing in return. It turns out that Dok Toh has bribed the postman to deliver letters addressed to Yam and Tong to her, and she in turn dumps the letters into the river. Joei and Soy determine that their letters aren't getting through, so they write to the abbot at the local Buddhist temple and ask him to deliver their letters to Yam and Tong. Yam and Tong, meanwhile, strike out on their own and head for Bangkok to try to find the girls. Neither had ever been to the city before, and did not realize how big the capital was. Discouraged by their lack of success, they return home, but through the efforts of the monk, they finally hear from Soy and Joei. The girls return to Yasothon for Songkran, and Soy is reunited with Tong. Yam is heartbroken when he does not see Joei on the bus. In fact she was on the bus, but because she had drastically changed her appearance, Yam did not recognize her, and showed no interest in Joei when she approached him. The engagement of Soy and the sheriff's son is still on, though. Tong falls into despair, starts drinking and becomes a hopeless alcoholic. On the day of the engagement ceremony, Tong's father shows up with shotgun to disrupt the proceedings. He points out that Soy does not love the sheriff's son and he demands that Tong be allowed to marry Soy. As for Yam, he comes around and sees that Joei is the same woman, even if she's changed on the outside."] ['Set in turn-of-the-20th century Paris, the film opens with Honoré Lachaille among high society in the Bois de Boulogne. A charming old roué, he cynically remarks that "Like everywhere else, most people in Paris get married, but not all. There are some who will not marry, and some who do not marry. But in Paris, those who will not marry are usually men, and those who do not marry are usually women." So marriage is not the only option for wealthy young bon vivants like his nephew Gaston, who is bored with life. The one thing Gaston truly enjoys is spending time with Madame Alvarez, whom he calls Mamita, and especially her granddaughter, the precocious, carefree Gilberte, aka Gigi. Following the family tradition, Madame Alvarez sends Gigi to her sister, Great Aunt Alicia to be groomed as a courtesan and learn etiquette and charm. To Alicia, love is an art, and a necessary accomplishment for Gigi\'s social and economic future. The young girl initially is a very poor student who fails to understand the reasons behind her education. She enjoys spending time with Gaston, whom she regards as an elder brother. After Gaston publicly embarrasses his cheating mistress and tries to rebuild his reputation with endless parties, he decides to take a vacation by the sea. Gigi proposes if she beats him at a game of cards he must take her and Mamita along. He accepts, and she happily wins. During their holiday, Gigi and Gaston spend many hours together, and the two learn Honoré and Mamita once were romantically involved before becoming comfortable friends. Alicia insists Gigi\'s education must increase dramatically if she is to catch a prize such as Gaston. Gigi is miserable with her lessons, but endures them as a necessary evil, though she still seems awkward and bumbling to her perfectionist great-aunt. When Gaston sees Gigi in an alluring white gown, he tells her she looks ridiculous and storms out, but later returns and apologizes, offering to take her to tea to make amends. Mamita refuses, telling him a young girl seen in his company might be labeled in such a way as could damage her future. Enraged yet again, Gaston storms out and wanders the streets of Paris in a fury. Realizing he has fallen in love with Gigi, who no longer is the child he thought her to be, Gaston returns to Mamita and proposes he take Gigi as his mistress, promising to provide the girl with luxury and kindness. The young girl declines the offer, telling him she wants more for herself than to be passed between men, desired only until they tire of her and she moves on to another. Gaston is horrified at this portrayal of the life he wishes to give her, and leaves stunned. Gigi later decides she would rather be miserable with him than without him. Prepared to accept her fate as Gaston\'s mistress, Gigi emerges from her room looking like a woman. Gaston is enchanted and takes her to dinner at Maxim\'s, where she seems perfectly at ease. The stares of other patrons make Gaston extremely uncomfortable as he realizes Gigi\'s interpretation of things may have been accurate after all, and discovers his love for her makes the idea of her as his mistress an unbearable one. He leaves the party with Gigi in tow and takes her home without explanation. After wandering the streets throughout the night, he returns to Mamita\'s home and humbly asks for Gigi\'s hand in marriage. The final sequence reverts to Honoré Lachaille, proudly pointing out Gaston and Gigi riding in their carriage in the Bois de Boulogne, which is filled with high society. The couple are elegant, beautiful, and happily married. Honoré has been a framing device for the film, which can be seen as a romantic victory of love over cynicism.'] ["Husband and wife Bill and Bertie Austin and their daughter live in a low-rent apartment. He's a struggling writer, at least until agent Lucinda Ford breaks the news that she's sold his book to a publisher, including the rights to turn it into a Broadway play. A new house in Connecticut is the first way to celebrate. But during the long hours Bill is away working on the play, Bertie befriends hard-drinking neighbor Fran Cabrell and her boyfriend Wylie, who plant seeds of suspicion in Bertie's mind that Bill and his beautiful agent might be more than just business partners. Bertie jealously retaliates by flirting with Gar Aldrich, an actor who will be in her husband's play. Bill goes to Connecticut for a heart-to-heart talk, finds Gar there and punches him. But when the play's a success, Bill and Bertie decide to give married life one more try."] ['Brenan arrives at Yegen on foot, interrupting the funeral held for the daughter of the local cacique. He collapses from dysentery and soon learns that the local cacique, Don Fernando, is leaving for Granada with his wife. Brenan rents Fernando’s house for a year and soon enlists the services of María as housekeeper and cook and becomes friends with a local man named Paco. Brenan spends most of his time reading, walking, and trying to write poetry. His friends Dora Carrington, Lytton Strachey , and Ralph Partridge visit for a couple of days. Brenan, who has been maintaining a correspondence with Carrington, learns during the visit that Partridge and Carrington are engaged. He is crushed, as he had been in love with Carrington. One day, Carrington decides to paint the portrait of a local 16-year old girl, Juliana. Brenan, who had previously seen Juliana bathing naked in a river, falls in love with her. Paco gives him advice on how to win her heart. Brenan, who is quickly learning Spanish and who is called “Don Geraldo” by the locals, decides to make Juliana jealous by accompanying Ángeles, the daughter of María, to church. This backfires, as María now wishes for Brenan to marry Ángeles. Brenan then enlists the services of Juliana as a second housekeeper. Juliana, however, clashes with María. María believes Juliana and her mother are witches. María has a baby: it is Don Fernando’s baby. Brenan is still unable to get close to Juliana and now has two angry women in his home. María sends a naked Ángeles to Brenan’s bed in order to seduce him, but Brenan refuses to sleep with her. As the women continue to fight, Brenan becomes increasingly frustrated, and finally kicks María out of his home . He and Juliana then finally embark on a relationship. When Ralph Partridge visits again, this time with his new fiancée, Brenan and Juliana join him on a day trip to the beach. Juliana feels that Brenan and Partridge are laughing at her. When Brenan leaves for Granada with his friends, he fears that Juliana will cheat on him in anger. He asks Paco to watch over her to prevent any of the village boys from seducing her. While Brenan is gone, Paco and Juliana sleep with one another. Brenan is angered when he discovers this, but Juliana convinces him that she still wishes to have Brenan’s child, regardless of whether they are married or not. They resume their relationship and soon Juliana is pregnant. When Brenan is required to return to England temporarily, Juliana fears that he will never return and that she will have to give birth to, and raise, their child alone. Brenan returns three years later. He is now married to Gamel Woolsey, an American poet. Paco announces he will sell his property to fulfill his dream of immigrating to Buenos Aires. He inquires after Lytton Strachey and Dora Carrington. Lytton has died, and Carrington has committed suicide as a result. Juliana’s child, Elena  is now three. She reproves Brenan for not returning to Yegen earlier, but in the end allows him to take their child to be educated and looked after. The film then fast forwards twenty years. An older Juliana runs into Brenan, Gamel, and a teenaged Elena outside of a pastry shop. Brenan begins to introduce Juliana as Elena’s real mother, but Juliana cuts him off and introduces herself to Elena as Brenan’s former housekeeper at Yegen. Brenan and Juliana part ways rather quickly but catch each other glancing over their shoulders and share a smile.'] ["Marigold Lexton , a self-centered and temperamental young American actress, arrives in India expecting to be treated like a star, despite the fact that she has been making nothing but B movie sequels for some time. She is stranded in Goa after the film she was to star in is canceled, and a sympathetic crew member offers her a ride, which brings her to the set of another movie, a Bollywood musical. She actually tells her boyfriend Barry that she was hoping she wouldn't have to marry him if this trip was successful, and soon finds herself the center of attraction on the set, where she quickly lands a minor role and a date with the spoiled young lead actor. But after she rebuffs his crude proposal that night she winds up talking with Prem Rajput , the film's choreographer. He knows she lied about being able to dance, and takes her in hand, while showing her the nearby towns and countryside in their spare time. As they grow closer Prem talks to her about the importance of family, and she not only learns that he is estranged from his father, but that he is also a prince. He had not seen his family in three years, but the day before he received a call from his sister, asking him to come home for her wedding. He asks Marigold to go home with him to Jodhpur, Rajasthan, for the wedding, since shooting on the movie had been shut down for a week. She is entranced by the generosity and opulence of his family leading up to the wedding, but afterwards is shocked to discover that he has been betrothed to another since childhood. He has fallen totally in love with Marigold, but has neglected to mention the long arranged marriage, and his father has not encouraged him to follow his heart. She feels betrayed and storms out, followed by Prem's fiance, who offers to buy her a drink. She confesses to Marigold that although she loves Prem she doesn't believe he has ever really loved her. Meanwhile Prem, a teetotaler, heads to a bar to drown his sorrows, where he finds a drunken American who commiserates with his romantic problems. He explains he has come looking for his estranged girlfiend, called Marigold, and Prem invites him to stay the night at his parents' house. Barry accepts and then passes out. In the morning, Marigold decides to return with Barry to the United States, since Prem, the only son of Jaipur's Ruler, feels duty bound to marry the woman his father has chosen. The ceremony takes place that day, and as he follows his bride, whose face is totally hidden behind a long veil, seven times around the Holy fire, Prem believes he is marrying the woman he has been engaged to since childhood. With the marriage complete, Prem lifts his wife's veil, and he and most of the guests are astonished to find Marigold standing before him - and it appears that Barry has married Prem's former fiance as well. The movie's director and their friends from the crew appear in the crowd, cheering, then Prem sings and dances with Marigold and a full chorus, just like a happy ending in a Bollywood musical."] ['Lily , a shy, wistful girl, is a songwriter when no one is listening. She works as a cashier at a fast food restaurant and has a crush from afar on Jarrod , a geek who works in a video game store. Jarrod is more interested in Lily\'s workmate, Jenny. With Jenny not at work one day, Jarrod gives Lily an invitation to his "dress as your favourite animal" party to pass along to her, but Jenny crumples it up and throws it away upon receiving it. Lily retrieves it from the trash. The party is sparsely attended with what are apparently teenage and adult customers of Jarrod\'s store, all dressed extravagantly as their favourite animal. Jarrod is impressed with Lily\'s shark costume as well as her savant-like video game skills, making it to the finals of a Fight Man video game competition, though she loses to defending champion, Jarrod because she spends their contest staring at him. They go to Jarrod\'s room and he questions Lily and learns her parents are dead, having had heart attacks. He says both his brother  and his mother are dead. He says his mother died by getting kicked in the head by a cow. They kiss and have brief sex. Lily now considers Jarrod her boyfriend and hangs out around his store. They set a date one night to see a film at the local cinema. Jarrod fails to turn up. He comes by Lily\'s house later that night to apologize, saying he was depressed and needed to be alone. He later says that he has to kill a man in his hometown who used to bully him in high school, but laments he has no car to get there. Lily asks her brother Damon, and he agrees to drive Jarrod and Lily to Jarrod\'s home. On the way to Jarrod\'s home town, Damon offers Lily and Jarrod apples to eat. Jarrod takes a bite only to discover his apple is rotten. He throws it out the window into a river they are driving past. This apple then becomes the representation of Jarrod in several claymation scenes of the film. Upon arriving, Damon and Lily discover that the family is just as bizarre as Jarrod himself. Jarrod\'s sister  and brother-in-law  seem to sell all kinds of "sell from home products", like questionable make-up kits, knives, and their own athletic jumpsuit clothing line "Awesome apparel". Jarrod\'s dad, Jonah, is a withdrawn man in a wheelchair. Jarrod spends his time alternating between trying to win his dad\'s affection and training for his impending fight with his high school bully Eric Elisi. It becomes clear his father loved his other son Gordon much more than Jarrod. Gordon was very successful, winning many ribbons, especially in running. When Lily asks how Gordon died, Jarrod says that he died saving a kid from a fire at the school. Lily meets with Mason - Jarrod\'s best friend and computer geek - to find out that Eric will return from Samoa the next day. The three then creep up to Eric\'s house to drop off Jarrod\'s invitation to the fight between the two of them. Gordon\'s fiancee, Tracy, comes over. She seems to be a person of similar success to Gordon and Jarrod\'s father even loves her more than Jarrod. Jarrod tries to impress his father with the news he\'s dating Lily, but father isn\'t impressed. The two go to the beach and Lily finds a rock shaped like a heart that she shows Jarrod. He tells her that he must break up with her, as he\'s too busy with the revenge mission and "too complex" for a relationship. Lily is visibly upset but tries to hide it. Jarrod takes flowers over to Tracy\'s house and spends the day with her on the beach trying to impress her with his "fighting skills". She isn\'t impressed. Meanwhile, it\'s been revealed that Jarrod has a little girl from a random sexual encounter at a party, who is nine whom he sees only occasionally. Lily and the girl walk with Jonah around town coming to a hill. He refuses to go any farther, holding the wheels of his wheelchair and finally getting up out of his wheelchair and walking himself and his wheelchair home, exposing that he doesn\'t need it. Lily and the girl continue up the hill where the girl says that "That\'s where my Uncle Gordon died", revealing that Gordon did not die saving a kid from a fire as Jarrod had said, but by committing suicide. They return home and the family eats dinner. Lily tells a silly joke and the whole group gets along very well. Jarrod comes home to find the group laughing and then kills the mood by saying that he\'d been with Tracy all day and that they\'d been laughing harder. Jarrod\'s father Jonah spends most of his time watching an old tape of Gordon winning a cross country meet and reliving the victory that he felt at that time. In the video, Gordon wins the race and is congratulated obsessively by his father. Tracy comes over and the two are celebrating. Jarrod then attempts to come over and is pushed away by the father. Seeing his father watching this and feeling even more alienated, Jarrod announces that he is dating Tracy. Jonah is crushed. Lily, annoyed by this, leaves the house and takes her sleeping bag from the tent, choosing to sleep over on the other side of the yard instead, stubbornly refusing Jarrod\'s offer to use it. He moves the tent to her and sleeps inside it . Annoyed by Jarrod\'s behavior, Lily decides to go with Doug and Nancy to a local party. She gets very drunk and dances with a lot of boys while Jarrod jealously looks on. Eventually, she runs off, ripping off all her clothes and sleeping in the bushes somewhere. In the morning, she returns, and Jerrod tells her he didn\'t get any sleep that night worrying about her. That afternoon, Jarrod, with his family and friends watching, confronts Eric and finds out that Eric is paralyzed and uses a wheelchair. Eric apologizes for how he bullied him in high school, but Jarrod attacks him anyway with a set of nunchucks. Despite his condition, Eric is able to easily wrestle Jarrod to the ground and only relents in his attacks when Jarrod\'s father tells him to leave him alone. Jarrod is depressed about his fight with Eric but Lily finds him and attempts to cheer him up. Lily tells him she is leaving for home on the following day - but that could change. At the bus stop, Jarrod is waiting for her, presenting her with a bouquet of lillies. They reconcile, and ride back on a bus together.'] ["Alfie  and Helena  divorce. Helena begins seeing fortune teller Cristal  for spiritual advice. Their daughter Sally  has a troubled marriage with author Roy , who once wrote a successful book, and is now anxiously waiting for response from his publisher about the manuscript of his newest one. Helena helps pay their rent. Alfie marries a prostitute, Charmaine . Roy falls for Dia , a musicologist he sees through a window near his and Sally’s flat, who is engaged to another man. Sally considers having an affair with Greg , her new boss at an art gallery who she confesses she has feelings for but Greg confesses he is having trouble at home and eventually it turns out he is having an affair with Iris , Sally's protégé. Roy's book is rejected. He hears that a friend, who is also a writer, has died in an accident, and of whom only Roy knows that he had just finished a manuscript that he had not shown to anyone else yet. Roy steals it, and claims it is his work. It is well received. He convinces Dia to break off her engagement, and moves in with her. Alfie gets into a fight and worries about Charmaine's high expenses. He asks Helena to make a new start with him, but she refuses because she feels attracted to a keeper of an occult bookshop, a widower. Charmaine has sex with another man and gets pregnant. Alfie wants a DNA test to find out whether he is the father, while Charmaine argues that it does not matter. Sally quits her job and asks Helena for a loan she promised, for setting up her own art gallery, but Helena refuses because according to Cristal it is astrologically a bad time. Sally is furious. Roy is informed that there was a mix-up of the persons killed in the accident, and is shocked to hear that the friend whose manuscript he stole is actually in coma and recovering. In the end, all are dissatisfied with their choices, except for Helena. She has acquired from Cristal a belief in reincarnation, and sees her life now as only one episode in her series of lives. She starts a relationship with Jonathan , the keeper of an occult bookshop. He also has esoteric beliefs, and they have first received the blessing of his deceased wife for the new relationship."] ["Perry  and Stephanie's  junior year in college has just ended. Though the two have been dating since high school, they both feel that the spark in the relationship is gone, and that their constant bickering, breaking up, and making up has become more like a game. They both decide the best thing to do is to call off the relationship before their senior year, so they can test the waters with other people. Perry begins to date Tammy, a young woman who actually has a boyfriend overseas. While he's very attracted to Tammy , he can't really shake his yearning for Stephanie. Eventually Perry tries to reconcile their relationship, and finds that Stephanie might be testing waters of her own."] ["Liliom Zadowski is a barker at Madame Muscat's carousel. A rival barker named Hollinger tries to get Liliom in trouble by telling the jealous Mme. Muscat, who is having an affair with Liliom, that Liliom flirts with his customers behind her back. When Mme. Muscat insults Liliom's female customers Julie and Marie, Liliom comes to their defense, which leads to Mme. Muscat firing Liliom. Liliom makes a date with Julie and Marie and leaves the carousel. When he meets the girls later, Liliom tells them that he intends to only take one of them out, which leads to Liliom going only with Julie. Julie is infatuated with Liliom and they move in together in a run-down trailer. Julie works in a photo studio while Liliom loafs, drinks and gets into violent arguments with Julie. Mme. Muscat later tries to bring Liliom back to the carousel by offering him a substantial raise. Liliom considers it but denies the offer finding that Julie is expecting a child. Liliom's criminal friend Alfred suggests that the two rob the local payroll clerk, and insists that Liliom bring a knife, as Alfred will also do. Desperate to find money for the child, Liliom agrees. The robbery attempt is foiled and Liliom finds himself cornered by the police. Rather than be arrested, Liliom stabs himself with the kitchen knife he brought with him to commit the robbery. An unconscious Liliom is brought home on a stretcher. Near death, he repents and tells Julie that he must face the judgement of God. He then dies. Liliom's soul rises from his body when he is visited by two uniformed agents who identify themselves as God's Police. They take Liliom to Heaven where he is taken to an area for suicides. There, Liliom is questioned by an officious commissioner who looks exactly like a police commissioner that Lilom reported to once while alive. When Liliom refuses to explain to the clerk why he beat Julie, he is first shown a silent film of one of his arguments with her, then again with a soundtrack of his thoughts. He realizes that he beat Julie because he hated himself so much for his cruelty and selfishness. The Commissioner sentences Liliom to sixteen years in purgatory, so that he will be cleansed of his pride and violence. Afterwards, he will be allowed one day back on Earth to visit his child, and his behavior on that day will determine where he shall spend eternity. Sixteen years pass and Liliom is allowed to visit his daughter, who is named Louise in the play, but whose name is not mentioned in this film version. One of the angels reminds Liliom to bring his daughter something beautiful, and Liliom surreptitiously steals a star on his way down to Earth. Liliom approaches Louise and tells her that he knew her father many years ago, and that he was a violent brute. This disgusts Louise, who throws Liliom's gift of a star into the gutter. Liliom follows the sobbing Louise home, where she demands to be alone. Liliom slaps her hand out of frustration before disappearing. As Liliom returns to Heaven, the angels watch as the scales of justice tip toward the devil's side, and the devil begins to inscribe Liliom's name on his tablet. In Heaven, the commissioner is furious at Liliom for breaking the heart of a child, and Liliom responds that one can only love him as he is. Just then the angel-typist excitedly points to a scene happening down on Earth. Louise is then seen telling her mother that Liliom's slap felt like a kiss, and asks if it is possible to receive a slap that doesn't hurt at all. Julie says yes and the two embrace with tears in their eyes. It is Liliom's love for his daughter which has miraculously made the slap feel exactly like a kiss. The scales of justice tip toward the heavenly side and Liliom's name is slowly removed from the devil's tablet."] ['After a break-up with a boyfriend, an overly cautious Jennifer "Jen" Kornfeldt  travels to Nice with her parents . While going into an elevator to go to her hotel room, she meets Spencer Aimes . Spencer asks her out for drinks and she accepts. The scene then changes to Spencer sneaking onto a boat, putting a time bomb on the bottom of a helicopter, then taking out a guard. He then swims back and goes on the date with Jen. After a night of drinking, Jen reveals that she\'s not the spontaneous person she\'s been pretending to be and in return Spencer bluntly tells her that he\'s an assassin, albeit unhappy about being one. Unfortunately she\'s already passed out and hasn\'t heard. In spite of this, Spencer decides that Jen\'s the woman he\'s been looking for and decides to marry her. When Spencer tells his boss, Holbrook , his plan, the response is that quitting is not an option. Spencer is defiant and goes ahead with his plan. Three years later, they are settled into their new normal life. After Spencer surprises Jen with a remodeled office, she gives him a birthday surprise: tickets to Nice to celebrate his birthday and their three years. Because of his dubious connections to Nice, Spencer is less than enthusiastic. When her friends ask about his reaction, they take it as signs of that he might be getting bored and fill her head with doubts. Meanwhile, Spencer gets a postcard from his old boss and the ultimatum to take another assignment. While trying to refuse him long distance, Jen\'s father shows up to take Spencer to dinner, so Spencer hangs up the phone, prompting suspicion in Mr. Kornfeldt. This is fueled further when Jen\'s dad sees the postcard and quizzes him about the XOXX , being odd coming from a former boss. Stopping home to change, Spencer finds that the dinner invitation is just a detour to bring him to a surprise party. While Spencer navigates drunken friends, Jen\'s friends continue to fill her head with doubts over Spencer\'s lack of enthusiasm for the Nice trip. This is further irritated, when the following morning, despite her attempts to be physical with him, Spencer rushes Jen off on her business trip. A little while later, Jen comes back  to find Spencer being tossed around their house by Henry , Spencer\'s best friend and co-worker. Spencer screams for her to get his gun  and she shoots Henry in the arm. While interrogating the him, Henry reveals that there is a $20 million bounty on Spencer\'s head. An unidentified sniper takes shots at them, and Spencer and Jen flee. Henry goes after them, and after a car chase through the neighborhood, they end up in a construction zone, where Henry crashes his car. Spencer rams him into a trench, impaling his car on rebar and killing him. They then go to the hotel room where Spencer\'s old boss is staying, but find that someone has already killed him. Jen demands that they go to her dad for help, but Spencer disagrees. In the middle of their argument Jen vomits, and declares that she might be pregnant. Heading back to his office for Jen to take a pregnancy test, Spencer is attacked by his secretary  and realizes that there are others who know about the contract. Jen then reveals that she is pregnant and is leaving Spencer. Left alone, Spencer is attacked by a delivery driver, who is then run over and killed by Olivia , Henry\'s wife, another killer vying for the contract. She then tries to run over Spencer, but Jen returns and smashes Olivia\'s car into a fuel tank, which Spencer then shoots at and explodes, killing Olivia. The two discuss their possible future and return to their neighborhood, which is holding its annual block party. When they first arrive, they are attacked by two more assailants who, in a chase through backyards, crash their car, giving Jen and Spencer a chance to flee into the block party. As they walk through it, they receive many suspicious looks from neighbors. They enter their house to retrieve guns and their passports. Spencer is grabbing the guns when he is attacked by the two assailants again, whom he eventually kills. Meanwhile, one assassin, Kristen , one of Jen\'s best friends, holds Jen\'s mother as a hostage in a Mexican standoff with Jen. Jen\'s father arrives and kills Kristen. He then explains that he was the one who put out the bounty on Spencer. He knew of Spencer\'s previous work all along, and hired the neighbors and co-workers three years before, in case Spencer started working for his old boss again, who Jen\'s father says had "gone dirty." After seeing the postcard from Holbrook in Spencer\'s office, he came to the conclusion that Spencer had re-accepted his old job and activated the assassins. He reveals that he had been an operative as well, and that he was actually the target Spencer was supposed to kill in Nice three years earlier. In a standoff between Spencer and Jen\'s father, he does not trust that Spencer is really out of the game. Wanting to prove that he really did get out, Spencer drops his gun, and tells Jen\'s father he has no intention of killing him. Jen, now convinced, reveals her pregnancy to her parents. Jen\'s father, after killing one last wounded assassin, drops his gun as well. The family makes peace by building a trust circle, in which Spencer reveals that English is not his first language, and that he wanted to be the first one to say "I love you" to Jen. The movie ends showing Spencer and Jen\'s father working on some wires near Spencer and Jen\'s baby\'s crib. Spencer has just grown a moustache just like Jen\'s father. Spencer and Jen then leave to let Jen\'s mom and dad babysit. They all leave the room, but Spencer comes back in to activate the lasers protecting the baby.'] ["An Italian commedia dell'arte troupe arrives in a small Peruvian town in the 18th century. The chief aristocrat in the town, the Viceroy, has acquired a fabulous golden coach from Europe. He is planning to give it to his mistress, but then falls in love with Camilla, leading actress of the troupe, and gives it to her instead. Camilla, enjoying the high life of being the Viceroy's mistress, is also loved by the leader of the troupe, and by the local star toreador. The Viceroy’s ministers are shocked by his profligacy, and threaten to depose him. Camilla eventually solves the problem by donating the coach to the Bishop of Lima. Camilla returns to the theatre troupe, and the film ends with a celebration of theatre's superiority over life."] ["Neil Klugman  is a highly intelligent, working class army veteran and graduate of Rutgers University who earns a living as a library clerk. He falls in love with Brenda Patimkin , a wealthy student at Radcliffe College who is at home for the summer. They face obstacles from Brenda's family , due to differences in class and assimilation into the American mainstream. More imposing conflicts include morality and propriety differences related to the premarital sex and the possibilities of ill-timed pregnancies."] ['In the film, the main character, Huang Xiaoxian, is a 27-year-old woman who dreams of marriage. She has been in love with her boyfriend for 7 years. But she finally breaks up with him after she sees her boyfriend going shopping with her best friend intimately. Xiaoxian starts recovering from depression as the movie begins. During that period, her partner, Wang Xiaojian, helps her a lot. In the end, Xiaoxian is deeply touched by Xiaojian and falls in love with him. She finds the one who will always keep her company within 1 metre.'] ["Delhi-based Rohan  lives in a wealthy lifestyle with his businessman dad, Shekhar ([[Kanwaljit Singh , and mom, Renu . He attends St. Lawrence High School and is friends with Vasu, Sudhir and Javed. Together the friends land in hot water virtually every day. Then everything changes when he first sets eyes on heart-achingly beautiful new student, Ayesha Mehra , who was born in London and also lives a wealthy lifestyle with her mom, Sheetal, and businessman dad. Rohan and Ayesha are attracted to each other and decide to go on a karaoke date &mdash; with disastrous results as they end up in a vehicle accident. Their relationship sours with rumors of Ayesha being attracted to Shantanu and Rohan dating Simran. They part ways. Ayesha and her mom go to Paris to visit her aunt Parminder and her husband, Tony. Realizing that he now loves Ayesha, Rohan decides to travel to Paris, clear the misunderstanding, and win her over. To do this he misuses his dad's credit card to book an air-ticket and forges school documents to show that he is attending the math Olympiad in Paris. He reaches Paris but is unable to locate Ayesha. When he approaches the Indian embassy, he is detained and may well be deported back home to face his angry father and school authorities. He calls Ayesha and asks her to meet him at 7:30 at the Eiffel Tower. He uses a cigarette to raise the fire alarm of the embassy. Later he runs to the tower and surprises Ayesha where he gives her a rose and expresses his feelings towards her. Ayesha accepts his proposal, they finally unite and have their first kiss, later realizing that Ayesha's relatives were present at the sight, too."] ['A successful Manhattan couple, lawyer Paul Michael Morgan  and real estate agent Meryl Judith Morgan , separate due to Paul\'s infidelity. After dinner one night, Meryl and Paul witness the murder of one of Meryl\'s real estate clients, then they become targets of contract killer Vincent ([[Michael Kelly  and must enter the Witness Protection Program. Paul and Meryl are relocated to a small town of Ray, Wyoming and placed temporarily under the protection of the local sheriff and deputy, who happen to be a married couple . For their own safety, they are permitted no outside contact via telephone or e-mail. They have trouble adjusting to small-town life, but after an unfortunate encounter with a bear and bumbling attempts at shooting rifles, chopping wood, and horseback riding, they eventually adjust and begin assisting the local citizens professionally. Meanwhile, none of their coworkers in NY know their whereabouts. The killer has planted bug at Meryl\'s old office and in her assistant\'s purse, hoping to gain information, which is eventually successful. Paul and Meryl go on a "date" in town and begin to reconcile, but then Paul is alienated when he learns that Meryl had a one-night stand with one of their acquaintances during their separation. The next day, with the killer in town unbeknownst to them, the Morgans anticipate leaving Ray for a permanent hiding place. The Wheelers invite them to a rodeo, but the Morgans are quarreling, so they decline. Leaving the Morgans without any form of security, the Wheelers leave for the rodeo. The killer tries to attack the house but is accosted by a bear, which gives the Morgans sufficient warning that they are able to escape. They flee on horseback to the rodeo to seek assistance. The killer follows them to the rodeo; they spot him and hide in a bull suit. However, they accidentally frighten a live bull into head-butting them. Meryl, unable to walk, stays hidden from the killer while Paul confronts him with a canister of bear repellant. Paul accidentally sprays himself in the face but is rescued by the Wheelers and his new friends from the town. Six months later, Paul and Meryl have repaired their marriage. They have an adopted baby girl from China, named Rae in honor of the Wyoming town, and Meryl is pregnant with a child of their own.'] ['Artists and Model Abroad tells the story of a penniless acting group stranded in Paris, and who are saved by a millionaire.'] ['Since 2007, the Hong Kong government banned smoking in all indoor areas, causing smokers from neighboring buildings to gather for cigarette breaks during office hours at trash bins with ashtrays near their work premises. The regulars started sharing small talks and dirty jokes like friends at a hot pot dinner and this community became known as the "Hot Pot Pack". Jimmy  is an advertising executive who befriended Cherie , a cosmetic sales girl, at a "Hot Pot Pack" shortly after Jimmy broke up with his girlfriend who cheated on him. Cherie\'s flirting with Jimmy during their cigarette breaks, through text messages and excursions at night eventually led to Cherie\'s break up with her lived-in boyfriend. This sudden change in their relationship, including a failed one night stand at a love motel, caused them to confront the change in their relationship and consider whether they are viewing each other as love interests or just a companion during lonely nights.'] ['It is February 1929 in the city of Chicago. Two friends who are struggling jazz musicians, Joe , a saxophone player, irresponsible gambler and ladies\' man, and Jerry , a sensible double-bass player, accidentally witness the Saint Valentine\'s Day massacre. When the gangsters, led by "Spats" Colombo , spot them, the two have to run for their lives. Penniless, freezing cold, and in a rush to get out of town, the two musicians take a job in a women\'s band headed to Miami. Disguised as women and calling themselves "Josephine" and "Daphne", they board a train with "Sweet Sue and her Society Syncopators", an "all-girl" band and their male manager, Beanstock. Before they board the train, Joe and Jerry have already noticed Sugar Kane , the band\'s vocalist and ukulele player, marveling over how she walks "like jello on springs," as they struggle along in their high heels not at all sure they will be able to "pass" as women. As they board the train however, "Daphne" experiences the kind of sexual harassment common to women when Beanstock feels "her" up. Both Joe and Jerry become enamored of Sugar, and compete for her affection while maintaining their disguises. Sugar confides that she has sworn off of male saxophone players, who have stolen her heart in the past and left her with "the fuzzy end of the lollipop." She has now set her sights on finding a sweet, bespectacled millionaire in Florida. During the forbidden drinking and partying on the train with all the women in the band, "Josephine" and "Daphne" become intimate friends with Sugar, and continually have to struggle to remember that they are "girls" and cannot make a pass at her. Once in Miami, Joe woos Sugar by assuming a second disguise as a millionaire named "Junior", the heir to Shell Oil, while mimicking Cary Grant\'s voice and feigning disinterest in Sugar. An actual millionaire, an aging mama\'s boy, the much-married Osgood Fielding III ([[Joe E. Brown , tries repeatedly to pick up "Daphne", who repeatedly rebuffs him. One night Osgood invites "Daphne" for a champagne supper on his yacht. Joe convinces "Daphne" to keep Osgood occupied onshore, so that "Junior" can take Sugar to Osgood\'s yacht, passing it off as his. Once on the yacht, "Junior" uses metaphors to explain to Sugar that unfortunately, due to psychological trauma, he is impotent and frigid, but that he would certainly marry anyone who could change that. Sugar tries desperately to arouse some sexual response in "Junior", and begins to succeed. Meanwhile, Jerry and Osgood dance the tango till dawn. When Joe and Jerry get back to the hotel, "Daphne" happily explains that Osgood has proposed and that "she" has accepted. Joe finally convinces Jerry that he can\'t actually marry Osgood. Joe then breaks Sugar\'s heart by telling her that he, "Junior", has to marry a woman of his father\'s choosing and move to Venezuela. Many mobsters arrive at the hotel for a conference honoring the "Friends of Italian Opera". Spats and his gang from Chicago eventually recognize Joe and Jerry as the witnesses to the Valentine\'s Day murders. After several humorous but potentially lethal chases, Joe and Jerry end up witnessing additional mob killings, this time of Spats and his crew. Once again Joe and Jerry have to run for their lives. Joe, dressed as "Josephine", sees Sugar onstage singing sadly that she will never love again. He kisses her before he leaves, and Sugar suddenly understands that Joe is both "Josephine" and "Junior". Sugar runs from the stage at the end of her performance and is able to jump into the launch from Osgood\'s yacht just as it is leaving the dock with Joe, Jerry and Osgood in it. Joe tells Sugar that he is not good enough for her, that she would be getting the "fuzzy end of the lollipop" yet again, but Sugar wants him anyway. Jerry, for his part, tries to explain to Osgood that "Daphne" cannot marry him, offering a series of objections: "Daphne" smokes a lot; "Daphne" can\'t get married in Osgood\'s mother\'s dress ; "Daphne" sadly "can never have children." Osgood dismisses all this information as insignificant; he loves "Daphne" and is determined to marry her. Finally, exasperated, Jerry removes his wig and says in his male voice, "I\'m a man!", but a smiling Osgood overrides this final barrier using the film\'s memorable last line, "Well... nobody\'s perfect!"'] ["Xerxes, 'Little Zizou' as he is known, is an eleven year old soccer-crazy Parsi boy whose fervent wish is that his idol, Zinedine Zidane, visit Mumbai. His older brother Ataxerxes, or Art, is a talented artist whose wild fantasies come to life in surprising ways. Their father Khodaiji is a self-proclaimed protector-of-the-faith who thrives on the attentions  of hopeful believers. Art burns with unrequited love for the daughter of Khodaiji's arch rival, Pressvala, a free thinking newspaper publisher. And to the extreme displeasure of their other daughter, Xerxes adores the maternal Mrs Pressvala. But the real fireworks begin when Pressvala writes a scathing critique of Khodaiji and public reaction is widespread. As the two households fight, life becomes complicated. Liana , finally lets Xerxes be his friend. Khodaiji shuts down Presswala's office. Presswala gets a heart attack. Will Khodaiji reform his ways? Will Pressvala let Art be Zenobe's ? This is what forms the rest of the story."] ['The film is about two couples: Jack  and Sally , and Gabe  and Judy . The film starts when Jack and Sally arrive at Gabe and Judy\'s apartment and announce their separation. Gabe is shocked, but Judy takes the news personally and is very hurt. Still confused, they go out for dinner at a Chinese restaurant. A few weeks later Sally goes to the apartment of a colleague. They plan to go out together to the opera and then to dinner. Sally asks if she can use his phone, and calls Jack. Learning from him that he has met someone, she accuses him of having had an affair during their marriage. Judy and Gabe are introduced to Jack\'s new girlfriend, Sam, an aerobics trainer. While Judy and Sam shop, Gabe calls Jack\'s new girlfriend a "cocktail waitress" and tells him that he is crazy for leaving Sally for her. About a week later, Judy introduces Sally to Michael , Judy\'s magazine colleague. Michael asks Sally out. Meanwhile, Gabe has developed a friendship with a student of his, Rain, and has her read the manuscript for his working novel. She comments on its brilliance, though has several criticisms, to which Gabe reacts defensively due to its autobiographical nature. Less than two weeks later, Jack and Sally are back together and the couple meet Judy and Gabe for dinner like old times. After dinner, Judy and Gabe get into an argument about her not sharing her poetry with him, then argue about many things. After Gabe makes a failed pass at her, Judy tells him that she thinks the relationship was over; a week later Gabe moves out. Judy begins seeing Michael. Michael tells Judy he needs time alone, then says he can\'t help still having feelings for Sally. Judy becomes frustrated with Michael and walks out into the rain. Highlighting her "passive aggressiveness," Michael follows and begs her to stay with him. A year and a half later they marry. At the end, the audience sees a pensive Jack and Sally back together. Jack and Sally admit their marital problems still exist , but they find they accept their problems as simply the price they have to pay to remain together. Gabe is living alone because he says he\'s out of the race and doesn\'t want to hurt anyone. He said that he realized how much how he messed up with his relationship with Judy. The film ends with an immediate cut to black after Gabe pleads with the unseen documentary crew, "Can I go? Is this over?"'] ["The film is centered on Spencer , who moves to Los Angeles and  runs into Melora , the girl he's been in love with since he was a child. Spencer is plagued by many obstacles in his new life: winning the girl of his dreams, finding success in his new job, and dealing with his two ambiguously-oriented roommates , who are obsessed with making a pornographic film and submitting it to what they believe is a contest."] ["Carol —a talented painter and independent woman—falls in love with Steven  without knowing much about him other than he's the perfect man. But when Carol finds herself pregnant it forces Steven to expose his darkest secret—his family. Steven happens to be the only average-sized person in a family of dwarfs, including his twin brother Rolfe . Carol and Steven are then forced to come to terms with the fact that the fetus she carries may be born a dwarf. This terrifies Steven, who does not want his child to suffer the same way Rolfe did as a child. As Carol decides to carry the child, she and Steven grow further apart, and she begins to rely on Rolfe to teach her about life as a dwarf."] ['Inspired by a true story, sparks fly when a Jew and a Muslim fall in love in New York. David , TV host of "Sex & Happiness", becomes smitten with the voluptuous Layla  - a mysterious, sensual dancer who turns out to be a refugee. David\'s reckless pursuit of Layla sets off an unveiling of the similarities and contrasts of their ancient cultures. His lust grows into love as he discovers in stunning Layla a sensitive, intelligent war survivor with a rich culture that echoes his own. But their families are dead set against their unlikely romance. Faced with deportation, Layla must choose: David or Dr. Ahmad? Will David and Layla follow their hearts and blast through centuries of religious animosity? The film was inspired by the true story of the Muslim-Jewish couple Alwand Jaff and her husband David Ruby, both of whom have cameo roles in the film.'] ['Ellen Wagstaff Arden , a mother of two young children, was believed to be lost at sea following an airplane accident. Her husband, Nick Arden , was one of the survivors. After five years of searching for her, he decides to move on with his life by having her declared legally dead so he can marry Bianca , all on the same day. However, Ellen is alive; she is rescued and returns home that particular day. At first crestfallen, she is relieved to discover from her mother-in-law Grace  that her  husband\'s honeymoon has not started yet. When Nick is confronted by Ellen, he eventually clears things up with Bianca, but he then learns that the entire time Ellen was stranded on the island she was there with another man, the handsome, athletic Stephen Burkett  - and that they called each other "Adam" and "Eve."'] ["Harry  is a seasoned CIA agent who is looking to forget his past and become his cover identity—a jazz club owner in Helsinki, Finland. Natasha  is a young, ambitious SVR agent who is looking to secure a future for herself amidst the chaos of the new Russian Republic and her floundering intelligence agency. Originally assigned to spy on Harry, Natasha has fallen in love with the object of her spying, and her assignment has led to a torrid love affair between the two. Like all couples, they are keeping secrets from each other—but in their case, the secrets have international implications. Harry's life with Natasha is disrupted when a young, over-zealous CIA agent, Dave , comes to Helsinki to intercept a videotape encoded with state secrets en route from New York. The videotape's hidden code is so sensitive that those who come in contact with the tape are soon killed. Dave is pursuing the unsuspecting courier, a manic ex-bond trader named Max , who is unaware of what he is carrying. Max took the job by chance, following his recent prison term for stock market fraud. Natasha sees the videotape as a possible ticket out of the SVR and into the United States and the American Dream. In fact, everyone involved except Harry is planning to exploit the encoded videotape. Harry's only plan is to prevent Natasha from getting herself killed—or worse, from leaving him for America.{{cite web}}"] [' Walter Burns  is a hard-boiled editor for The Morning Post who learns his ex-wife and former star reporter, Hildegard "Hildy" Johnson , is about to marry bland insurance man Bruce Baldwin  and settle down to a quiet life as a wife and mother in Albany, New York. Walter determines to sabotage these plans, enticing the reluctant Hildy to cover one last story, the upcoming execution of convicted murderer Earl Williams . Walter does everything he can to keep Hildy from leaving, including setting Bruce up so he gets arrested over and over again on trumped-up charges. He even kidnaps Hildy\'s stern mother-in-law-to-be . When Williams escapes from the bumbling sheriff  and practically falls into Hildy\'s lap, the lure of a big scoop proves too much for her. She is so consumed with writing the story that she hardly notices as Bruce realizes his cause is hopeless and returns to Albany. The crooked mayor  and sheriff need the publicity from the execution to keep their jobs in an upcoming election, so when a messenger  brings them a reprieve from the governor, they try to bribe the man to go away and return later, when it will be too late. Walter and Hildy find out just in time to save Walter from being arrested for kidnapping. Afterward, Walter offers to remarry Hildy, promising to take her on the honeymoon they never had in Niagara Falls, but then Walter learns that there is a newsworthy strike in Albany, which is on the way to Niagara Falls by train.'] ['The film begins with Thomas "Boats" Gilhooley , an expatriate United States Navy veteran, working aboard a freighter. When he realizes that the ship he signed up for is just passing by Haleakaloha, French Polynesia, and not actually stopping there, he jumps ship to swim to the island. Next, Michael "Guns" Donovan , another expatriate U.S. Navy veteran and a former shipmate of Gilhooley, returns from a fishing trip aboard an outrigger canoe. Donovan is greeted by William "Doc" Dedham , also a U.S. Navy veteran and the only physician in the archipelago, who is about to begin a one or two week pre-Christmas circuit of the "outer islands," taking care of the health needs of the residents. Dedham\'s three children are placed in Donovan\'s care. The kids\' plans for a peaceful celebration of Donovan\'s birthday, on December 7, are shattered by the arrival of Gilhooley, who shares the same birthday. There is an unbroken 21-year tradition that Donovan and Gilhooley have a knock-down, drag-out fight every birthday—to the delight of the local observers—and their 22nd year does not break the tradition. The two vets meet in  "Donovan\'s Reef," the saloon owned by Donovan.  Miss Amelia Dedham  is a "proper" young lady "of means" from Boston, who has become the chairman of the board of the Dedham Shipping Company. Her father is Doc Dedham, whom she has never met, but who now has inherited a large block of stock in the family company, making him the majority stockholder. She travels to Haleakaloha in hope of finding proof that Doc has violated an outdated  morality clause in the will which would enable her to keep him from inheriting the stock and retain control. When word reaches Haleakaloha that Miss Dedham is on the way, a scheme is concocted by Donovan, Gilhooley, and the Marquis de Lage . De Lage is Haleakaloha\'s French governor, who hopes to find a post somewhere else. Donovan is to pretend to be the father of Doc\'s three hapa children , until Doc comes back and can explain things to the prim, proper Boston lady. The plan is reluctantly accepted by the oldest daughter, Leilani, who believes that the deception is because she and her siblings aren\'t white, a reflection of the bigotry of the period. The plan works, and Amelia learns that her father, Donovan and Gilhooley were marooned on the Japanese-occupied island after their destroyer was sunk in World War II. With the help of the locals, the three men conducted a guerrilla war against the Japanese. She also learns that her father built a hospital, and lives in a large house . A mystery develops, as she enters the house and sees a portrait of a beautiful Polynesian woman in royal trappings. This, the viewer understands, was Doc\'s wife, the mother of his children. Amelia is not told of the relationship, but she learns that the woman was named Manulani. Donovan mentions that Luke\'s mother  had died in childbirth. As the story develops, Amelia learns that life in the islands is not as she expected, and neither is Donovan, who proves to be educated and intelligent, and the owner of a substantial local shipping operation. Amelia, too, is not as expected, as when she strips off her outdated "swimming costume" to reveal a tight swimsuit, challenges Donovan to a swimming race, and dives into the water. They develop a truce, as de Lage tries to court Amelia . When Dr. Dedham returns, father and daughter meet for the first time . He has been told about the deception, and over dinner he explains that he was serving in World War II when his wife  died. When the war ended, he felt that he was not needed in Boston, but was desperately needed in the islands, so he stayed. He has even signed over his stock to Amelia, as he intends to remain in the islands. Just as he is about to explain about Manulani and their children , a hospital emergency interrupts. It turns out that Manulani was the granddaughter of the last hereditary prince of the islands, and on Christmas Amelia finally puts all of the pieces together to solve the mystery. Leilani—Manulani\'s daughter—is not only the island\'s princess, but Amelia\'s sister, a relationship which is tearfully but joyfully acknowledged by both girls. Amelia and Donovan evolve their truce into marriage plans. Gilhooley also finally marries his longtime girlfriend, Miss Lafleur . Donovan points out the new sign on the saloon, which is now "Gilhooley\'s Reef". Donovan has given the bar to his old shipmate as a wedding present. Crisis resolved, life in the islands can return to normal.'] ['Bookie Duke Bradley  stops the bank from taking the stud of Grandpa Clayton . Carol Clayton  calls from England that she is going to marry the wealthy Hartley Madison . Duke tells her father, Frank Clayton , and Grandpa. Broke, Frank gives Duke the deed to the family farm to pay his gambling debts. At the races, Duke takes bets and meets Hartley and Carol. Duke greets Fritzi  with a kiss. During a race, Frank collapses and dies. Carol asks Duke to sell her the farm, but Duke assures her he won\'t foreclose on Grandpa. They quarrel about her marrying for money. Fritzi tells Duke that her husband Jesse Kiffmeyer  is allergic to horses. When Jesse sneezes during an auction, Duke sees to it that this is considered a bid, and Jesse ends up buying a horse that Fritzi wanted. Grandpa tells Duke that Carol is selling her horse, Moonray; Carol tells Duke she needs money to pay him off. Duke bids Hartley up to $14,000 but stops before Carol is going to let him win. Hartley asks Grandpa to train Moonray. Carol studies horses and has won money from Duke. Tip O\'Brien  sings "The Horse With the Dreamy Eyes" with Fritzi, Duke, and Rosetta , Carol\'s maid. Carol is friendly with Duke until he asks her to get Hartley betting. Duke calls on Hartley and tells him to help Carol\'s nerves. Hartley calls Dr. Bierd , who says Carol is emotional and should marry soon or not see Hartley. Duke gets Hartley to bet and win $6,000, telling Tip it is bait. Carol tells Hartley not to bet with Duke, who learns Hartley is leaving. Carol asks Hartley to stay. At the track, Hartley bets with Duke and loses $5,000. On a train, Duke dines with Fritzi and Jesse, who is jealous. Fritzi knows Duke is in love with Carol, and Duke says he plans to win money to marry her. Carol tells Duke she loves him and has broken off her engagement to Hartley. When Duke objects to losing Hartley, she gets angry. At the races, Hartley loses. Hartley hires a new trainer for Moonray. Carol gets Jesse\'s contract with the jockey Dixie Gordon  so Duke will lose; but Fritzi tells Jesse that that if Duke wins, he will marry Carol. Dixie is riding Moonray. Grandpa quarrels with the new trainer. The race is a photo finish, but Moonray loses. On a train, Carol and Duke celebrate.'] ["Jasmine  is a young woman with men in and out of her apartment, Tanya  is about to be married, and Micki  is pregnant; these three women share an apartment, but when Micki is jilted and Tanya's boyfriend does NOT pop the question, the women set out to Las Vegas in search of men who WILL marry them, on the spot."] ['The film begins in Liègehttp://movieraccoon.com/2004/love-me-if-you-dare/ in Belgium, where a little girl, Sophie, is being bullied by other children. Only a bus driver and a boy, Julien, help her collect her books that the others have thrown into a puddle. To cheer Sophie up, Julien gives her a small tin box, a gift from his fatally ill mother. Because it is important to him, he asks her to lend it back to him from time to time. As Julien wants the box back at the moment he gave it to her, Sophie demands proof of how important it is to him. Julien disengages the handbrake of the bus without hesitation, and the bus full of children rolls down a hill. Their game has begun: the box changes its owner after each completed dare. Between the son of wealthy Belgian parents and the daughter of poor Polish immigrants a lasting friendship develops. As children they misbehave in school, wreak havoc on a wedding, and ask silly tasks of each other. As teenagers their lovers have to suffer because of their dares. Meanwhile, the two friends ignore any consequences or punishment during their game. While they are always looking for the next kick, a love is slowly evolving between the protagonists. Not wanting to admit it, they divert their attention from it by even more extreme dares. As young adults, Julien tells Sophie that he wants to get married, only later revealing that he means to someone else. The climax is reached when Sophie interrupts Julien\'s wedding, after which he is cast out by his father and Sophie is nearly killed during another game. Julien returns to marry his wife, and Sophie declares that they will not see each other for ten years. Ten years pass, and Julien is married with two children. Sophie has also married, her husband a famous soccer star. A successful Julien admits that he has not forgotten Sophie, though he assumes that she has forgotten him. On the night of Julien\'s tenth wedding anniversary, Sophie sends a message to him, indicating that the game is back on. Julien and Sophie meet for a brief moment in the midst of another dare, yet it is enough to remind Julien that their game is "better than life itself." After a dramatic accident, Julien and Sophie finally reunite, despite the protestations of their spouses. The film has two alternate endings, which are shown consequently. In the first, Julien and Sophie decide as an ultimate dare to finally share their dream together, their "dream of an eternal love" – the pair embrace while they stand in a construction pit that is about to be filled with concrete. The other ending has the now aged Julien and Sophie spending time together in a garden and carrying on playing their game with milder dares. However, the opening scene of the film  resurges, suggesting that the two friends actually did bury themselves in concrete.'] ['21-year-old Annie Braddock  has just graduated from Montclair State University. Annie has no idea what or who she wants to be. While sitting in the park, Annie sees a young boy in a uniform almost getting run over. Annie saves him and then the boy\'s mother, Mrs. Alexandra X , but when she introduces herself as "Annie", Mrs. X mistakes her words for "Nanny" and hires her to look after her young son Grayer. Annie lies to her mother about taking a job at a bank and, in reality, moves in with the X\'s to be the nanny for Grayer, the boy she saved. Life with the incredibly privileged X\'s isn\'t all she thought it would be, and her life is complicated further when she falls for "Harvard Hottie" ([[Chris Evans , who lives in the building. Annie begins to notice that not only is Grayer being neglected, but so is Mrs. X, with Mr. X committing subtly obvious adultery and not treating her like a proper wife. Things turn for the worse when she gets fired, and in her rage, she looks for and finds the \'nanny cam\' in the X\'s house and records her feelings toward the X\'s. This is accidentally shown at a meeting for East-Side wives, and they all show sympathy toward their own nannies once they view the confrontation of Annie regarding the negligent ways of the parents toward their children and nannies. A few months later however, Harvard Hottie meets Annie in a park and gives her a letter he had received from Mrs. X. She writes how she left Mr. X and is now living a humble life, but now spends a lot more time with Grayer. This leads to a happier ending for all of them, as Annie walks off with Harvard Hottie.'] ["Singles centers on the lives of a group of young people, mostly in their 20s, living in an apartment block in Seattle, Washington, and is divided into chapters. It focuses on the course of two couples' rocky romances, as well as the love lives of their friends and associates. The film stars Bridget Fonda as a coffee-bar waitress fawning over an aspiring musician  and Kyra Sedgwick and Campbell Scott as a couple wavering on whether to commit to each other. The events of the film are set against the backdrop of the early 1990s grunge movement in Seattle."] ['The story centers around Lucille Ball who plays herself against an unlikely backdrop, namely, a military academy full of frisky boys. Ball is the reluctant guest of a diminutive cadet, Bud Hooper , who wrote her a mash note and invitation to be his date at a school prom. Ball\'s publicity man, Jack O\'Riley , seizes upon the situation as a perfect PR stunt and convinces her to travel 3,000 miles to join Hooper at Winsocki Military Academy\'s dance. When Ball actually shows up, mayhem ensues. Hooper, who never dreamed she would accept, has to disinvite his girlfriend, Helen , and ask Ball to pretend to be Helen, lest the actress herself not pass muster with the institution\'s screening committee. Helen fights back while Hooper tries to keep Ball from the clutches of other cadets who want to steal her for their dates of their own. Meanwhile, Harry James and his orchestra perform various songs, including "The Flight of the Bumblebee". The cast also sing and dance their way through such numbers as "Buckle Down, Winsocki" , "Wish I May," "Three Men on a Date", "Alive and Kickin\'", "The Barrelhouse, The Boogie-Woogie and the Blues", and "Ev\'rytime." [The soundtrack CD also includes the cut "What Do You Think I Am?"]'] ["This is a family drama movie which starts with Gauri Ganesha festival. During offering pooja to goddess Gauri, Girija Lokeshreceives money order as gift of festival from her brother. She is excited at the affection of her brother on sending the gift. Seeing this father of raghuchandra remembers his past of having his sister and brother in law leaving in his home and on this festival when he gives gift to his sister,the brother in law fights for some reason and lives the home with his wife.The father tells his son these past feelings and says that at childhood he and his sister had thought of marrying Raghavendra Rajkumar with Malashri. Raghavendra Rajkumar moves to the city to his aunt's home with name of Nanjundi. Sunder krishna urs thinks that he is truly Nanjundi and allows him to live in his home. After Sunder krishna urs left village, they had 2 more daughters Laxmi and Sarswati whom Raghuchandra does not know. Nanjundi has to marry eldest of the daughter Devi. She is very arrogant and not interested in marriage, because of her the other two sisters marriage who had been engaged to Krishnamurty and Puttaswamy is being continuously postponing. Even Devi's parents are fed up of convincing her for marriage. Finally, when Nanjundi convinces that he is ready to marry the Devi, her parents says that he should convince her himself. He does propose and performs stunts to convince her,in response she sends fighters to hit him. When all her plans fails, she will be ready to marry him and to let him as her servant after marriage. All three sisters get married on same day without the presence of Nanjundi's parents. After marriage he takes to the village where he lives in their house-servant house. He acknowledges her that he is only a servant and not Nanjundi. He had cheated her and her parents. At the end when her parents come to village she will have been left all her old styles and arrogance and she wants to live in that small house with her husband. Finally all of them know the truth that the son in law is none other than Raghuchandra."] ['It focused on a black television producer , who works for a major network, and the troubles she faces in her environment, mainly painting a positive portrayal of African-Americans in the media.'] ['Commodore Jackson  is the captain of a Mississippi showboat in the late nineteenth century. Tom Grayson  is engaged to be married and has been disgraced for refusing to fight a duel with Major Patterson . Accused of being a coward, Grayson joins Jackson\'s showboat. Over the duration of the film, the behaviour of the meek and mild Tom Grayson alters as a consequence of the constant representation of him, by Commodore Jackson, as "The Notorious Colonel Steele", "the Singing Killer", and the constant attribution, by Jackson, of duelling victories by Grayson to unrelated corpses freshly dragged from the river beside the showboat as "yet another victim of the notorious Colonel Steele, the Singing Killer". The film provides sufficient opportunities for Crosby to sing the Rodgers and Hart songs, including the centerpiece number, "Soon", while Fields gets to tell some outlandish stories. Crosby and Fields worked well together and there is one memorable scene in which Fields tries to tell Crosby how to act tougher. In the film, Crosby does a number of brilliantly engineered sight gags involving a chair and a bowie knife. Another highlight is Fields\' remarkable story about his exploits among one notorious Indian tribe.'] ['Steve Giardino, an abrasive workaholic Wall Streeter, and his wife Jackie divorce after twenty-six years of marriage and find themselves thrust back into the dating world in middle age and in search of a new life.'] ["A housewife and mother of two, Sandy , discovers that her husband has been unfaithful. After a hasty divorce, she leaves home and goes to New York City with her young son and daughter. There they begin a new life. Sandy quickly rents an apartment above a coffee house and befriends one of the waiters, Aram Finklestein . Aram, at 25, is not sure what he wants to do with his life although he has a college degree and a tendency toward women's studies and feminism. He decides to babysit Sandy's children ultimately becoming their full-time nanny. He develops a close-knit relationship with both children and a chemistry starts to brew between Aram and Sandy ensuing in an awkward sexual encounter that the children come to know about. Notwithstanding, they start to date and after two months they seem perfect together. One day Sandy feels nauseous and suspects she is pregnant. Aram is thrilled and looks forward to raising a child with her. A doctor confirms that Sandy is pregnant, but it is an ectopic pregnancy and will result in a miscarriage. As they leave the doctor, a fight breaks out between Aram and Sandy, with the latter confirming that she thinks it's ludicrous that the two of them, with an age difference of 15 years, would ever be happy together. After the break up, Aram decides to travel the world and to improve the lives of others. Sandy gets promoted at her job. After five years, the two share a chance encounter in a restaurant. Aram reveals he has adopted a young boy from Bangladesh and is still single. Sandy, who is celebrating her promotion with her children and a colleague invites Aram and his family to join them. The film ends as the two hold hands underneath the table whilst their children start to bond."] ['Destiny. Is it beyond our control? Or do we make our own? These questions and other musings about the past and the future set the tone as we sail into the year’s most anticipated film about love and life. Six people are brought together on a seven-day cruise that will change their lives forever: * A hopeless romantic  searches for the right man for her, while dreaming of becoming a singer. * A successful businessman  searches for the truth about a woman from his past. * A senior housekeeper  finds out that it is never too late to find true love. * A young waiter  finds the woman of his dreams, but she is beyond his reach. * A young brat  finds out that love does not have to be as complicated as her love-hate relationship with her mother. * And a sexy lounge singer  searches for the perfect man who will keep his promises and who will never leave her. This comedy-romance-drama-musical will make you swoon, cry, laugh, and fall in love all over again. While it takes you to three continents around the world , it is nevertheless an intimate film about searching for love, following your dreams, and making your own destiny.'] ["Here Comes the Bride tells the story of five different people who get their souls switched in the middle of a wedding preparation on a solar eclipse. Stefanie's  soul gets into the body of the snobby Precy, whose soul gets into the yaya, Medelyn, whose soul switches with Bien, the grandfather, whose soul enters the gay beautician's body, Toffee, whose soul enters Stefanie's body. The problem is the souls are happy where they are except for the bride, whose wedding is coming. She now has to find a way to get into their own bodies."] ["In 1960s San Francisco, Andy Hobart  does everything he can to keep his struggling, two-man, radical underground newspaper, the Nitty Gritty, going; he steals food from the supermarket and other people's laundry from the dry cleaners, and holds off his creditors, especially the landlord, Mrs. MacKaninee ([[Elizabeth Allen , and his printer, Mr. Karlson . To appease Mrs. MacKaninee, he accompanies her motorcycling, waterskiing, and surfing. He lives with talented, but nerdy Norman Cornell , who writes the entire newspaper. One day, a perky, talkative Southern girl moves into the bungalow across from them. Amy Cooper  has come to the big city to train for the Olympics with the best swimming coach in the country. Norman falls instantly in love with her  and neglects his writing, causing Andy untold headaches. Norman drives Amy to distraction with his misguided, over-the-top attempts to win her affection. When he unintentionally gets her fired from her day job, Andy hires her as a secretary, just to keep Norman happy . Then something unexpected happens. Despite despising everything Andy stands for, the conservative Amy discovers  that she is physically attracted to him and likes the way he smells, which is rather awkward, since she is scheduled to marry another swimmer in a few weeks. When she informs Andy, he is uncertain how to react. She gets him to kiss her to see how it feels, at which point Norman walks in. Amy decides to go back to Florida because Andy isn't interested in her. Norman quits over what he considers a betrayal, but quickly changes his mind and goes back to work, cured of Amy. Meanwhile, Andy discovers to his horror that the smell of Amy permeates the room even after she's gone. He chases after her and gets her to come back."] ["Alison Kirbe is a young London girl who has just found out she has inherited a Texas ranch from an old soldier she had befriended during World War II. Mistakenly assuming she is now the owner of a small empire, she crosses the Atlantic Ocean by boat. On her way, she meets Terence Keath, a fellow passenger heavily in debt to casino owner Lucky Reilly. To pay off his debts, he attempts to marry rich and starts to seduce Alison, as he thinks she is a wealthy heiress. Another person who is attracted to Alison is Jeremy Taylor, a millionaire bachelor who is accompanied by his attorney Matthew Kinston. The following days she enjoys the attention she is receiving from Terence, Jeremy and Matthew, but rejects them all. She feels most attracted to Matthew, but he mistakenly confronts her of being part of a scheme. Trying to hurt Matthew, she borrows money from Terence and buys an expensive present for Jeremy, while posing as a wealthy heiress. After arriving in America, Alison decides to stay in New York for a week before traveling to Texas. Matthew, meanwhile, tries to find more information on the ranch she has inherited, which makes him suspect her of scheming Jeremy all the more. Matthew confronts Alison at a casino, where she is gambling with Terence and Jeremy. He soon apologizes, however, and they kiss not much later. Terence and Jeremy, who are witnesses of the kiss, are shocked that she prefers a pennyless attorney over them. The next day, Matthew finds out Alison's ranch is not worth anything and confronts her again with swindling Jeremy. Alison bursts out in tears, mad at Matthew for turning an honest and good-hearted inheritance into a supposed scheme. That night, Alison finds out about Terence's financial situation and tries to help him out by offering Reilly to pay off Terence's debts. It proves unnecessary, though, as Jeremy is prepared to pay for the entire debt. Afterwards, the three men rush to the hotel, where they propose to Alison all at the same time. Alison enthusiastically accepts Matthew's proposal and the other men soon move on, hitting on other women only moments later."] ['Joe MacGonaughgill  and Lucy Ackerman  are roommates and best friends living in a small Manhattan apartment. Lucy is turning thirty and her love life is embarrassingly dull. Joe on the other hand is infatuated with his attractive neighbor Jane . Lucy then decides to form a death pact with Joe like they\'d had back in college. If they do not both find true love by the time Lucy turns thirty, then they will both jump off the Brooklyn Bridge. Jane comes to an artwork show of Joe\'s where Joe finally gathers up the courage to ask her out, while Lucy begins dating Bwick Elias , a weirdo artist who paints with his own body parts. Joe soon realizes that Jane isn\'t who he thought she ought to be. Bwick also turns out to be "no Joe" for Lucy. It is at this point that Joe and Lucy realize that they are perfect for each other.'] ["Tom Stansfield  is a researcher at a publishing company who works under the tyrannical Jack Taylor . Tom has a crush on his boss' daughter, Lisa Taylor , who is completely controlled by her overprotective father. She reveals to Tom that her father is making her house-sit on the same night as a party she wants to attend, but Tom convinces her to stand up to her father and attend the party anyway. Lisa asks him to come to their house that night, leading Tom to think that she has invited him to the party; in reality, she just wants him to fill in for her - he reluctantly agrees. A comedy of errors ensues, including the return of Lisa's older brother, Red, on the run from drug dealers. Red dumps drugs into the toilet, and instead returns a bag of flour to the drug dealer. One of Tom's tasks is to guard their owl, O-J, which lives in an open cage . When the bird drinks from the toilet polluted with drugs, it flies away. Jack Taylor's ex-secretary Audrey goes to the house to try to earn her job back. After fighting with her boyfriend, she stays over at the house. Lisa returns home after finding out that her boyfriend Hans is cheating on her. Tom hides from her everything that happened and she spends some time with him thinking he is homosexual. He clarifies to her that he's a heterosexual and she starts to like him. Audrey's friend thinks she has breast cancer and asks Tom to feel her breasts. Lisa walks in on them and is disgusted by the situation. T.J., the drug dealer, finds out about the fake drugs and threatens to kill Tom if he doesn't return him his money. T.J. tries to open a safe and steal the money. However, Tom gives him sleeping pills mixed with alcohol which sends him into a coma. Because they think T.J. is dead, Audrey and her friends bury him. Later, T.J. escapes from the grave and threatens to kill Lisa. With Red's help, Tom rescues Lisa and she falls in love with him. He then goes to get her father, but on the way back the owl gets into the car making Tom lose control of the car and crash into the house. They find police officers in the house looking for T.J., who ends up getting arrested. Jack Taylor is enraged by the damages done to the house and throws Tom out. The next day, Jack Taylor hears his son explaining to Lisa how she should stand up to their father and goes back to Tom. Jack realizes his mistakes and gives Tom a promotion."] ['In the early morning, a yellow taxi pulls up at Tiffany & Co. on Fifth Avenue in New York City and Holly Golightly  emerges. She eats a pastry and drinks coffee while standing outside the shop window, then strolls home. At her apartment building, she fends off her date from the disastrous night before, who has been waiting in his car all night. The next morning, she is awakened by new tenant Paul Varjak  ringing the doorbell. The pair chat as she dresses to leave for her weekly visit to Sally Tomato , a mobster incarcerated at Sing Sing prison. She is paid to pass on coded messages for his drug ring but plays dumb regarding her visits.  As she is leaving for Sing Sing, Holly is introduced to Paul\'s "decorator", wealthy older woman Emily Eustace Failenson , who Paul nicknames "2E". That night, Holly goes out onto the building\'s fire escape to elude an overly eager date. She peeks into Paul\'s apartment and sees 2E leaving money and kissing Paul goodbye. After 2E leaves, Holly enters Paul\'s apartment and learns that he is a writer who has not had anything published in five years since writing a book of vignettes titled Nine Lives. Holly, in turn, explains that she is trying to save money in order to support her brother, Fred, when he gets out of the Army. The pair fall asleep, but are awoken when Holly has a nightmare about Fred and leaves the apartment. She later buys Paul a new typewriter ribbon to apologize and invites him to a party at her apartment. At the party, Paul meets her Hollywood agent, O.J. Berman , who describes Holly\'s transformation from country girl into Manhattan socialite. He is also introduced to José da Silva Pereira , a rich Brazilian, and Rusty Trawler ([[Stanley Adams , a rich American. In the days that follow, Paul and Holly become closer. One day, 2E enters Paul\'s apartment, worried that she is being followed. Paul tells her that he will investigate and eventually confronts the man, who introduces himself as "Doc" Golightly , Holly\'s husband. Doc explains that Holly\'s real name is Lula Mae Barnes, whom he married when she was 14, and that he would like to take her back to Texas. After Paul reunites Holly and Doc, she tells Paul the marriage was annulled and asks him to accompany her and Doc to the bus station. There, she tells Doc she is not returning. He tells her that if she does not return, he will not support Fred on his imminent return from the Army. She still refuses, and tells him she plans for Fred to live with her in New York. Doc leaves brokenhearted. After drinking at a club, Paul and Holly return to her apartment, where she drunkenly tells him that she plans to marry Rusty Trawler for his money. A few days later, Paul learns that one of his short stories has been accepted for publication. On the way to tell Holly, he sees the newspaper at her door, its headline stating that Trawler has married someone else. Holly and Paul agree to spend the day together, taking turns doing things that each has never done before. At Tiffany\'s, Paul has the ring from Doc Golightly\'s box of Cracker Jack engraved as a present for Holly. After spending the night together, he awakens to find that she has returned to her apartment. Soon afterwards, Paul ends his relationship with 2E. Holly schemes to marry José for his money, which angers Paul who has firmly decided on his love for her. After Holly and José return to her apartment to find a telegram notifying her of Fred\'s death, she trashes her apartment in grief, her behavior disturbing José. Months later, Paul has moved out of the building. He is invited to dinner by Holly, who is leaving the next morning for Brazil. However, they are soon arrested by police in connection with Sally\'s drug ring and taken to the 19th precinct. Yunioshi insinuated that they are smoking narcotics when they were arrested. Holly spends the night in jail. The next morning, Holly is released on bail with help from O.J. and finds Paul waiting in a taxi for her outside. He has her cat and a letter from José explaining he must end their relationship due to her arrest. Holly insists she will go to Brazil anyway and releases the cat from the taxi into the rain. Paul confronts Holly about her behavior and leaves the cab, tossing the ring he had engraved for her into her lap and telling her to examine her life. She quickly runs after him and together they find the cat, look into each other\'s eyes and embrace.'] ['Cynthia Glenn  is a swimming instructor in Los Angeles, California, where she lives with her scatterbrained aunt and uncle Nona and Hobart . While demonstrating a dive to her students, she catches the eye of an interested stranger, Bob Delbar . Cynthia returns home to find that she has received flowers from the stranger. The two court for one month, and then get married. They leave immediately after the wedding on their honeymoon to the hotel Monte Belva, where they encounter the famous opera singer, Nils Knudsen . Major Thomas Milvaine , who is also staying at the hotel, notices Cynthia. J.P. Bancroft, a rich colleague, calls Bob and insists that he come to Washington to complete a deal. While Cynthia cries over Bob\'s departure, Tommy, who is staying next door, comforts her. The next day, Cynthia ventures down to the pool, where she and J.P.Bancroft\'s daughter, Maude  speculate as to which hotel guest is Major Thomas Milvaine, the decorated war hero, who shot down "16... or was it 26 war planes?" and was stuck on a deserted island for a month. After Maude teases Cynthia about being at the hotel without her husband on her vacation, Cynthia performs an elaborate dive and swims around the pool, where she proceeds to run into Major Milvaine himself, who can\'t actually swim, so she teaches him how.  For the rest of the week, Cynthia and Tommy continue accompanying each other to dinner and other activities around the hotel, including swimming. On the last day, Cynthia receives a telegram from Bob informing her that he will not be able to come back to the hotel for another week. However, Tommy is leaving the next morning, and Cynthia is distraught, so she retires to her room. Tommy realizes he loves her, rushes to their adjoining balcony, confesses his love for her and tells her that he is planning on staying for another week. However, Cynthia reiterates that she\'s a married woman, therefore, she won\'t let him hop over the hedge separating their two balconies and make love to her. She calls Bob in Washington and begs him to return, but he tells her that he can\'t. Cynthia looks for Tommy the next morning, but is told that he has checked out the hotel after their conversation the previous night, so she goes for a walk on her own on the Sunset Trail. Tommy returns to the hotel, learns where Cynthia has gone, and sets off after her on the trail. Meanwhile, Bob telephones the hotel and leaves a message indicating that he will be arriving the following morning. Tommy finds Cynthia and they proceed to walk together until they come across a tree with initials engraved on it. Cynthia tells Tommy that she loves him as well, but wants to give her marriage to Bob a chance, and lets him know that once they get back to the hotel, they should say their goodbyes and never see each other again. However, on the return trip, they lose their way and are forced to spent the night in the woods. The next morning, Bob arrives and finds that his wife isn\'t anywhere in the hotel. When they do return, Tommy tries to explain their disappearance, while Bob realizes that the two are in love. He becomes angry with Cynthia, and announces he wants an annulment after Cynthia admits that she fell in love with Tommy. Bob calls his lawyer, he finds out that he was never actually divorced from his previous wife. Tommy leaves to become an instructor at Darwin Field, and Cynthia returns home to her aunt and uncle. Nils Knudsen  telephones Tommy, and later, the two arrive at Cynthia\'s house late at night with a full band and orchestra, where they serenade the Glenn house, as well as the rest of the neighborhood. Tommy lip-synches Knudsen\'s voice to a love song to Cynthia. The two share a kiss while Knudsen continues singing, leaving Nona and Hobart to wonder how Tommy can sing and kiss at the same time.'] ['On a rainy afternoon in Paris, debonair actor Phillipe Martin  goes to a darkened movie theatre for a romantic assignation with his married mistress, Yvonne , but sits in the wrong seat and kisses instead lovely Monique Pelerin , the daughter of a powerful publisher . Monique, who is engaged to powerful Count Alfredo Donstelli ([[Erik Rhodes , makes a public accusation against Phillip, and the priggish head of the Purity League  exploits the incident until it becomes a national scandal, with Phillipe dubbed "The Kissing Monster." When Phillipe is tried, his defense is that he was overcome by Monique\'s beauty, and that it is a Frenchman\'s nature to be romantic, even to perfect strangers. His punishment is to spend just three days in jail, but when he is released, he discovers that Monique has paid his fine, supposedly to avoid more publicity, but actually because she is secretly attracted to him. In the meantime, the tabloids have made Phillipe into a national hero, and instead of his producer, Maillot , firing the actor, he gets a raise. His new show will have him re-enact the kissing incident, but on the day of the opening Monique\'s father has him arrested, only be released when Yvonne, who turns out to be the wife of the Minister of Justice, convinces him to allow Phillipe to do his performance. At the show, Phillipes finds that Monique has taken the place of the actress he was to re-enact the kiss with.TCM Full synopsis<ref nameavg&sql=1:36401~T0 Plot synopsis ]Crawford, Rod Plot summary'] ["Axel  has just been dumped by his girlfriend Doro , and needs to find a new place to live. He meets Walter , a transvestite who teaches straight men how gay men think. Walter talks Axel into joining him and some friends at a gay party afterwards, and tries to convince Axel to move in with him. At the party, Axel decides instead to move in with Walter's best friend, Norbert , whose boyfriend has just left him. Later, at Axel and Doro's apartment, Norbert tries to seduce Axel while they browse old photos. Just when Norbert has shed all his clothes, Doro shows up at the door, and Axel hastily hides Norbert. Doro explains to Axel that she's expecting his child and wants to give their relationship a second chance. She is not amused to discover a naked man in the wardrobe, but Axel manages to convince her that nothing has happened. Excited about fatherhood and eager to return to Doro, Axel forgets about his new friendship with Norbert. But soon Axel discovers a downside to the pregnancy: he no longer finds Doro sexy. Despite his engagement to her, he decides to stray when he encounters Elke, a former girlfriend. They are trying to find a place to have sex when Axel bumps into Norbert again. At first Norbert is angry with him for having left without a word, but Axel claims it's only because Doro was upset. Axel convinces Norbert to lend his apartment for the tryst with Elke. A few days later at Norbert's apartment, Elke gives Axel a mind-altering drug, and leaves him sitting naked on a table. Meanwhile Doro has learned that Axel went to Norbert's apartment, and she thinks that Axel is going to have sex with Norbert. She confronts Norbert at his apartment and upon entering, she sees Axel naked and unable to speak and starts to go into labor. In the bathroom Norbert finds Elke and Norbert's not-so-gay boyfriend playing in the tub. As Norbert drives her to the hospital, he attempts to explain everything on the way. Doro forgives Norbert and they become friends, but her relationship with Axel is in question."] ["Since getting divorced, Baroness Amantine-Lucile-Aurore Dupin, previously Baroness Dudevant, the successful and notorious writer of sensational romance novels now living under the pseudonym George Sand, in Paris, has been in the habit of dressing like a man. In her romantic pursuit of the sensitive Chopin, whose music she fell in love with before seeing him in person, George/Aurora is advised that she must act like a man pursuing a woman, though she is also advised to avoid damaging his health by not pursuing him at all. With this advice Sand is deterred by a fellow countrywoman who pretends to be smitten with Chopin, the mistress of Franz Liszt, the Countess Marie d'Agoult. Whether the Countess is really in love with Chopin is unlikely; she seeks only to prevent a relationship between Chopin and Sand. Sand meets Chopin in the French countryside at the house of the Duchess d'Antan, a foolish aspiring socialite who invites artists from Paris to her salon in order to feel cosmopolitan. Sand invites herself, not knowing that several of her former lovers are also in attendance. A small play is written by Alfred de Musset satirizing the aristocracy, Chopin protests at his lack of manners, de Musset bellows and a fireplace explosion ensues. Chopin is briefly swayed by a beautifully written love letter ostensibly from d'Agoult, a letter actually written by, and stolen from, Sand. Eventually Sand wins over Chopin when she proves that she wrote the letter, reciting its words to him passionately, and giving him a copy of her memoir in which the text of the letter appears. Chopin is then challenged to a duel by one of Sand's ex-lovers. He faints during the face-off. Sand finishes the duel for him and nurses him back to health in the countryside, solidifying their relationship. Near the end of the movie, Sand and Chopin dedicate a volume of music to the countess, although this only suggests that she has had an affair with Chopin, causing a falling-out with her lover Liszt. Sand and Chopin depart for Majorca, relieved to escape the competitive nature of artistic alliances and jealousies in Paris."] ['"Crash" Davis, a veteran of 12 years in the minor leagues, is sent down to the single-A  Bulls for a specific purpose: to educate hotshot rookie pitcher Ebby LaLoosh  {{cite news}} about being a major-league talent, and to control Ebby\'s haphazard pitching. Crash immediately begins calling Ebby by the degrading nickname of "Meat", and they get off to a rocky start. Thrown into the mix is Annie , a lifelong spiritual seeker who latched onto the "Church of Baseball" and has, every year, chosen one player on the Bulls to be her lover and student. Annie flirts with Crash and Ebby, but Crash walks out, saying he\'s too much a veteran to "try out" for anything. Before he leaves, Crash further sparks Annie\'s interest with a memorable speech in which he lists the things he "believes in" ending in the phase "I believe in long, slow, soft, deep wet kisses that last three days...Good night". Despite some animosity between them, Annie and Crash work, in their own ways, to shape Ebby into a big-league pitcher. Annie plays mild bondage games, reads poetry to him, and gets him to think in different ways . Crash forces Nuke to learn "not to think" by letting the catcher make the pitching calls , and lectures him about the pressure in facing major league hitters who can hit his "heat" . Crash also talks about the pleasure of life in "The Show" , which he briefly lived for "the 21 greatest days of my life" and to which he has tried for years to return. Meanwhile, as Nuke matures, the relationship between Annie and Crash grows, until it becomes obvious that the two of them are a more appropriate match, except for the fact that Annie and Nuke are currently a couple. After a rough start, Nuke becomes a dominant pitcher by mid-season. By the end of the movie, Nuke is called up to the majors and the Bulls, now having no use for his mentor, release Crash. This incites jealous anger in Crash, who is frustrated by Nuke\'s failure to recognize all the talent he was blessed with. Nuke leaves for the big leagues, ending his relationship with Annie, and Crash overcomes his jealousy to leave Nuke with some final words of advice. Crash is released by the Bulls and joins another team, the Asheville Tourists, and breaks the minor league record for career home runs. We see Nuke one last time, being interviewed by the press as a major leaguer, reciting the clichéd answers that Crash had taught him earlier. Crash then retires as a player and returns to Durham, where Annie tells him she\'s ready to give up her annual affairs with "boys". Crash tells her that he is thinking about becoming a manager for a minor league team in Visalia. Both characters end one phase of their lives and begin another, Annie and Crash dancing in her candle-lit living room.'] ['Various events involve a dating agency run by Sid Bliss  and his longtime girlfriend Sophie Plummett . Their "Wedded Bliss" agency purports to bring together lonely hearts using computer-matching technology, but couples are actually paired up at random by Sophie. Bliss consistently avoids marrying Sophie, enthusiastically pursuing Esme Crowfoot, a seamstress and client who consistently rejects his advances. Percival Snooper  becomes a client to find a wife for business reasons: as a confirmed bachelor, he\'s inept at his job as a marriage counselor due to lack of personal experience. James Bedsop ([[Charles Hawtrey  is a private detective Sophie hires to spy on Sid\'s after-hours activities when he supposedly "vets" the female clients, including Esme. Timid Bertrum Muffet  winds up with model Sally Martin  after the agency muddles his directions to a blind date. Client Terry Philpotts  suffers several failures in his dealings with the agency including a disastrous meeting with prim, sheltered Jenny Grubb . Jenny moves in with Sally, undergoes a makeover, and becomes a model. Terry later finds romance with the "new" Jenny. Percival\'s association with Sophie provokes his jealous housekeeper, dowdy Miss Dempsey , to reveal her seductive side. Esme\'s estranged lover, volatile wrestler Gripper Burke , returns to cause havoc in a mistaken-identity case. Peter Butterworth appears in a 1-minute cameo as a Bluebeard-esque character jokingly referred to as Dr. Crippen. He approaches Sid Bliss in order to find his third wife. His first wife died eating poisoned mushrooms, the second suffered a fractured skull because "she wouldn\'t eat the mushrooms."'] ['The film is set in Ming Dynasty, China. Ah Long  is the town bully, known for his boorish manners and reckless attitude which have endeared him to no one, save his sister Feng  who has a curious penchant for cross-dressing. It is apparent early on that both these siblings are such misfits they have virtually no prospect of marriage. Faye Wong is cast as a runaway princess who is dressed as a man, a disguise which fools both Long and Feng. Long immediately decides that he likes his new-found friend so much that he will entrust his sister\'s hand in marriage to "him". The princess, of course, cannot marry another woman and tried to fend off Long\'s suggestions of a match; but also, she is attracted to Long. Emperor Zheng De  also leaves his palace temporarily in order to search for his missing sister. He dresses like a commoner and by a twist of fate meets Feng. He is smitten with Feng, and begins to court her, while keeping his imperial identity secret from her. His motives for leaving the palace also included the fact that he is unhappy and lonely at court and wants to escape the smothering influence of the Empress Dowager , his mother, who plays a dictatorial role in the actions of her son. A convoy of imperial guards try to protect him while he is out in town and bring the Emperor back to the palace, but unsuccessfully. The Princess is also assisted by her "fairy godmother"  in marrying her match. The Empress Dowager hears of her wayward children and storms Long\'s house, where her children are holed up, only to hear that they wish to marry two commoners with unwholesome and eccentric tendencies. The Emperor is adamant about marrying Feng and the Empress Dowager relents, but Long is unable to pass a "ring test" to prove he is the destined one and the Empress Dowager forbids his marriage to her daughter. All ends well, however. After a separation, Long is enlightened by the "fairy godmother" and passes the "ring test". He is reunited with the Princess, the Empress Dowager accepts him, and happiness reigns.'] ['{{plot}}  The movie opens with Reed Fish  being called to come into work by Maureen , the town\'s mayor. Reed arrives at his job and proceeds to do his daily radio segment, which ranges from reporting the news to helping the townspeople overcome the crisis of too-high hedges. Reed goes to a local store and meets Jill , his high-school crush. They exchange greetings and Reed invites her to be on his show, saying that people of Mud Meadows will want to hear all about her life since she went to college. She accompanies him to film a TV segment about the local "zorse" along with his friend and one-man-film crew, Frank . We then see Reed watching his TV segment in the presence of Kate , his fiancee, Irv , his soon-to-be-father-in-law, and Maureen. Kate asks him details about the wedding and Reed halfheartedly responds. The next day, Reed wakes up to Kate urging him to get to work and reminding him they have to go to the caterers. Reed goes into the radio station and proceeds to begin interviewing Jill. He mentions a rumor that she was going to law school, which she avoids talking about. A few people call in, some to wish Jill good luck and some to ask Reed to help them with their menial problems. As the show finishes, Kate arrives at the studio and reminds Reed of their appointment. Kate, Jill, Frank, and Reed agree to all hang out that night. As Kate and Reed arrive at the caterers, the sound inexplicably cuts off. The scene cuts to a view of people sitting in an audience, watching the movie and complaining. We see Reed hurriedly trying to fix it. We then see a girl  stand up and leave the room. Reed follows her, and apologizes for putting "their story" up on screen. He makes it clear that this girl is either the real Kate or the real Jill, but he doesn\'t say which she is. He then says that he knows he hurt her and he\'s sorry. The movie is fixed, and we return to Kate and Reed having a fight because Reed isn\'t excited about any of the wedding planning and says that he "doesn\'t care". The scene cuts to that night with the gang at a bowling alley. Reed and Jill go to get snacks and Rex , Jill\'s ex-boyfriend, shows up and apologizes to Jill for throwing a hamburger at her head when they broke up. Jill brushes the apology aside, saying it was a long time ago, and the five of them go to have a "dance-off" on a DDR type game. Kate and Frank go home, saying they have to be at work early the next morning. Reed and Jill plan to go to a bar, but instead sneak up on Reed\'s neighbor\'s roof for stargazing just as they did in high school. Jill confesses that she secretly dropped out of college two years ago to become a songwriter. The next day Reed visits a local bar and meets Andrew  and Teresa ([[A. J. Cook , another young couple engaged to be married soon. Jill appears at the bar and Reed then encourages her to participate in the talent segment and Jill sings an original song she wrote. The performance is met with thunderous applause and Andrew and Teresa beg Jill to sing at their wedding. Jill and Reed leave, and Reed begins kissing her. Jill responds, but they break apart when a truck drives by. Reed goes to Kate\'s house and tells her he loves her. He then begins crying, and when Kate asks why, he says it\'s because he loves her and he just made out with Jill. Kate becomes angry and Reed says that he might not be ready to get married. Kate agrees, which surprises Reed and prompts him to beg Kate to reconsider. Kate removes her ring and says that she won\'t marry someone who doesn\'t want to get married. At the radio show the next day, Reed is plagued with hate calls. He receives numerous letters on his windshield reading "cheater". Reed meets with Jill at a local diner and she apologizes, but Reed assures her it isn\'t her fault. Jill says that she just wants to be friends, as she currently has a boyfriend named Gabe. Jill decides to stay away from Reed to keep their lives from becoming complicated. After a few weeks, Jill and Reed reunite at Andrew and Teresa\'s wedding rehearsal. They go out to eat and end up back at Reed\'s place and Reed asks her why they can\'t be together. Jill mentions Gabe and then leaves. At Andrew and Teresa\'s wedding, Reed is an usher. He meets Gabe, Jill\'s boyfriend whom she brought with her. As Kate arrives, they awkwardly greet each other before she takes her seat. The wedding begins, with a song from Jill. After the newlyweds kiss, Reed goes down into the basement with a large bottle of wine. Kate joins him, and confesses that she was scared about their wedding. She begins crying, saying that she knew that once the wedding occurred, she would have to deal with the fact that her mom is truly dead. Reed consoles her and in the next scene they are seen heavily kissing and removing their clothing. The next morning, Jill arrives at Reed\'s house and begins to say something, but stops when she sees Kate emerge in one of Reed\'s sweatshirts. Jill then gets angry at Reed and says that she thought that he wanted to be with her. Kate accuses Jill of breaking them up and tells Reed to just tell Jill that he loves her . Jill accuses Reed of living his father\'s life and Kate again asks Reed just to tell Jill that he loves her, but Reed chases after Jill, confronting her. We see Kate being hit with the realization that Reed doesn\'t love her. Jill yells that Reed doesn\'t love either of them, and storms off. Kate follows, calling Reed an "asshole" and saying that she was crazy for ever believing they had a second chance. The next morning, Maureen calls out to Reed on the radio to arrive at work, but he remains in bed. Frank tries to take over and fails. They put on some music and Frank comes over to Reed\'s house and encourages him to come in. Reed refuses and Frank leaves. Reed hears a townswoman over the radio pleading for Reed to come in, saying she needs his help. After Reed finally arrives, the woman asks him to call the fire department about a peacock. Reed explodes and starts cussing at the woman and telling her to call the animal control center herself and Frank tries to stop Reed, resulting in the two having a fight. Frank storms out. Later, Reed goes to Frank\'s house and they make up. Reed quits the radio show and Frank takes over, and the "movie" ends with Reed asking who he is and answering "I\'m Reed Fish". We see the audience again, clapping loudly. Reed shakes the hand of a man named John Penner, who is played by the real Reed Fish. Reed accepts congratulations from everyone, and it is revealed that girl who played Jill is actually Frank\'s girlfriend. The girl Reed is looking for, though, is gone. In the limo, Reed sticks his head out of the sunroof for some fresh air and the real Kate  joins him. He thanks her for their peaceful relationship now. As Reed is about to enter his house, he gazes at the place where Reed and Jill stargazed in the movie. The real Jill is there and they make up and kiss.'] ['Pal Pal Dil Ke Ssaat is a romantic comedy starring Ajay Jadeja and Mahi Gill in lead roles with Vinod Kambli and Satish Shah doing supporting roles.'] ["Foreign correspondent Carey Jackson returns to New York City when his newspaper's Vienna office is closed and is offered a job on a women's magazine called Home Life. He accepts the position only because it will put him in daily contact with editor Linda Gilman, whom he once loved. Linda is averse to the idea because of his leaving her three years earlier, but agrees to hire him if he will keep their relationship on a strictly professional level. The two head for the Brinker home in Crestville, Indiana to prepare a feature story about eldest daughter Jeanne's wedding to Bud Mitchell for the June issue. Linda wants Carey to write a simple story about the young couple, but he insists on looking for an angle, which presents itself in the form of Jeanne's younger sister Barbara, who confesses she always has been in love with Bud, the brother of Jeanne's former beau Jim, who was dumped by Jeanne when he joined the Army. At first Carey proposes they ask an officer he knows to order Jim home for the wedding, but thinks better of it, knowing he will lose his job if the wedding plans are disrupted. Barbara, however, secretly telephones Carey's friend and arranges a leave for Jim. Complications ensue when Jim arrives home and Carey tries to get rid of him while Linda, unaware of the reality of the situation, intervenes and makes him stay. Jim and Jeanne elope, Linda fires Carey, Carey feigns interest in Barbara to make Bud jealous, and the scheme succeeds, with Bud proposing to Barbara. Despite losing his job, Carey writes his story, Linda realizes he always knew the truth about the couples, and the two reconcile."] ['"Yeong-ju" is a cute, innocent looking girl with an excellent deception skills who is imprisoned for fraud. But using her talent she managed to go through the evaluation and able to receive a parole for her only sister\'s wedding. She boards a train with wooden crafted geese which she handcrafted as for her sister\'s wedding gift. But during the journey she is confronted by an innocent village boy "Hui-cheol". He is also on his way to propose his love to his girlfriend with his deceased mother\'s family heirloom ring. New problems begin when Yeong-ju witnessing pickpocket man stealing the ring from Hui-cheol. Driven mad by her own safety she stole the ring back, to make everything back to normal. But unfortunately for her, she is unable to board the train on time thus missing it and leaving her wedding gift bag on the train. Determined to find her bag, she tracks down Hui-cheol and reaches his village looking for him. Making things more complicated everybody misunderstood her and welcomed her as their daughter-in-law due to the ring. Unwilling to tell them the truth due to her own safety and get time to resumption of her bag she manages to fool everyone around the family and manipulate Hui-cheol as father of her unborn child. Meanwhile, Hui-cheol who didn’t have the ring to make the marriage proposal comes back empty with a heavy heart, and is enraged when he finds the plot that has been going on while he was away. But worsening his situation, no one actually believes him, thinking he had abandoned his poor fiancee, and ended up kicked him out of the house making his life more miserable. Now the dramatic showdown between Yeong-ju and Hui-cheol, truth vs. lie begins. Who would win? Will Yeong-ju manage to retain her bag or Hui-cheol manage to retain his ring?'] ["Set in the fictional town of Thayer, Connecticut, the story focuses on Meredith Morton , a successful Manhattan executive whose uptight, conservative demeanor is a sharp contrast to that of her boyfriend Everett  and his liberal and rambunctious family. Meredith, feeling very much an outsider during the Christmas holidays with Everett's family, opts to stay at the local inn instead of with the family and asks her sister Julie  to join her for support. Everett finds himself attracted to the more outgoing Julie. Meredith desperately tries to fit in, but her strained attempt to play charades and a clumsy effort to engage the family in a dinner table discussion about nature versus nurture and sexual orientation prove to be disastrous and Amy Stone  insults her. Distraught, Meredith attempts to drive off but crashes the car, and Everett's brother Ben  comes to comfort her. The two end up at a local bar where, after several drinks, Meredith lets down her hair, literally and figuratively, and begins to enjoy herself. She invites Amy's high school flame and local paramedic, Brad Stevenson ([[Paul Schneider , to the Stones' for Christmas breakfast. The following morning, when she awakens in Ben's bed, she incorrectly assumes their night of revelry ended with the two sleeping together. Christmas proves to be a day of accusations, recriminations, self-discoveries, and attempts to mend fences. Sybil , who originally refused Everett's request for his grandmother's ring, reconsiders her position and offers it to him; but, by now, his feelings for Meredith have shifted to her sister. In a moment of emotional confusion{{spaced ndash}}or clarity{{spaced ndash}}he asks Julie to try on the ring, and it gets stuck. When Julie and Meredith lock themselves in the bathroom to get the ring off, they assume Everett is about to propose to Meredith. The family exchanges gifts; and Meredith, oblivious to Sybil's failing health, presents each with a framed enlarged photograph of Sybil taken when she was pregnant with Amy. Everyone is touched by her gesture, and Meredith relaxes slightly; but, when Everett asks to talk to her, she demurs again and again until she blurts out that she will not marry him. He counters that he didn't plan to ask her. Meredith breaks down in front of the family. All the personality conflicts come to a head, and everyone begins the process of healing. One year later, the family reunites at the Stone house. Meredith and Ben are a couple, as are Everett and Julie and Amy and Brad. Everett's brother Thad and his partner Patrick have adopted a baby boy named Gus, and Everett's other sister, Susannah, has had her baby. Sybil, who has died, is referenced as the family gathers with family Christmas ornaments around the tree. The framed photograph of Sybil is on the wall next to the tree."] ['Hugo Dugay  runs a small company, Hugo Pool, that cleans swimming pools in Los Angeles. The film covers one day in her life, during which she must clean many pools in the midst of a drought that interferes with her usual water supply. In addition to dealing with several eccentric customers, including mobster Chick Chicalini ([[Richard Lewis  and filmmaker Franz Mazur , Hugo must care for her needy parents Minerva  and Henry . Also, Hugo may be falling in love with Floyd Gaylen , a customer of hers who has ALS.'] ['{{Plot}} The show opens with Fred Graham  and Lilli Vanessi , a divorced couple, meeting at Fred\'s apartment to hear the score for the Cole Porter  musical version of "The Taming of the Shrew". Lois Lane , who is to play Bianca, arrives and sings "Too Darn Hot". Lilli almost decides against performing in the show, as she fears it might interfere with her honeymoon. But when she overhears Cole and Fred promising Lois the part, she decides to play Katherine after all. Lois\' boyfriend, Bill Calhoun , is playing Lucentio in the  musical but in between rehearsals, he leads a gambling lifestyle, which results in him owing a local gangster $2,000, but he has signed the IOU in Fred\'s name. Lois laments Bill\'s bad-boy lifestyle , but Bill\'s winsome charm soon wins her over, and she forgives him. Meanwhile, after a fiery confrontation during rehearsals, Fred  and Lilli get together in Lilli\'s dressing room, and reminisce about happier times, singing "Wunderbar" from a show they did together. Fred later sends flowers to Lois but his butler gets confused and gives them to Lilli instead. Lilli is overcome by this romantic gesture and falls back in love with Fred, ("So In Love . The show gets underway, with Fred, Lilli, Lois and Bill dressed as a group of traveling entertainers, . The main body of the play is their enactment of Shakespeare\'s, "The Taming of The Shrew"- the script is largely the same as Shakespeare\'s, but interspersed with Cole Porter\'s songs. In the play, Bianca, the younger daughter of Baptista, a Paduan merchant, wishes to marry, but her father will not allow it until his elder daughter, Katherine, is married. Bianca has three suitors – Gremio, Hortensio and Lucentio – and each of them try to persuade her to choose him as her husband. She is prepared to marry anyone, . Lucentio\'s friend Petruchio arrives in Padua, seeking a wife, , and when he hears of Katherine, he resolves to woo her. Katherine, however, hates the idea of getting married, . Petruchio serenades Katherine . Lilli is so moved by Fred\'s heartfelt delivery of the song, that she can\'t resist reading the card that came with the flowers, having placed it next to her heart. She sees that it is addressed to Lois, and attacks Fred mercilessly on stage, ad-libbing verbal abuse. As the curtain comes down, Fred has had enough, and spanks Lilli. Lilli resolves to leave the theatre with her fiancé, Tex Calloway ; she phones him and tells him to pick her up, preferably with an ambulance. Meanwhile, Lippy and Slug, a pair of gang enforcers, arrive to collect Bill\'s IOU from Fred. Fred decides to accept the IOU and convinces Lippy and Slug that he needs them to help keep Lilli from leaving so that the show will be successful enough for Fred to afford the debt. Lois, in the meantime, learns that Fred has taken responsibility for the IOU and she comes to thank him, but each time she begins to thank him for not being angry about Bill forging his name, Fred kisses her passionately to prevent Lippy and Slug from learning about his deception. Lilli and Bill both walk in on this little scene and become furious. In order to keep Lilli from leaving the show, Slug and Lippy appear on stage, disguised as Petruchio\'s servants, keeping an eye on Lilli. They have no acting ability, but still manage to amuse the audience. There is much less singing from this point onwards in the musical. In the play, Petruchio sets about "taming the shrew", by refusing to let Katherine eat, or sleep in a comfortable bed. Petruchio, however, is unhappy with his new married life, and reminisces about his days of philandering, and his many previous girlfriends, . At Lilli\'s request via the phone earlier in the evening, Tex arrives with an ambulance, and Lilli finally escapes her tormentors and the pair prepare to leave. But Fred befriends Tex in the hopes of delaying their departure. Tex is recognized by Lois, with whom he once went on a date. Although Tex claims she has mistaken him for someone else, Bill is angered by Lois\' behavior. Lois admits that though she loves Bill, she cannot resist the advances of other men . It turns out her morals are even looser than Bill\'s. Fred\'s  gambling debt is resolved by the untimely death of Mr. Hogan, Slug and Lippy\'s boss. Lilli succeeds in leaving the theatre, saying a surprisingly civil farewell to Fred. Fred thinks that she belongs in the theatre, and tries in vain to stop her from leaving. After her departure, Fred is dejected, but Slug and Lippy manage to cheer him up, . The last part of the play begins with Bianca finally getting married to Lucentio. Gremio and Hortensio are put out, but two other girls appear and each of the three couples has their own dance sequence in the next song, . At the finale, the show is halted when Lilli\'s understudy, Jeanie, who is mentioned several times in the musical but never appears, goes missing. Suddenly, Lilli appears on stage and recites Katherine\'s speech about how women should surrender to their husbands, . Fred is bowled over, and the show reaches its triumphant finale  giving the impression that Fred and Lilli will once again get together permanently.'] ['Three weeks after the events of the first film, FBI agent Gracie Hart  has become a celebrity after she infiltrated a beauty pageant on her last assignment. Her fame results in her cover being blown while she is trying to prevent a bank heist. To capitalize on the publicity, the FBI decide to make Gracie the new "face" of the FBI; Gracie, who is hurt after being dumped by her boyfriend, fellow Agent Eric Matthews , agrees to the reassignment. The movie flashes forwards ten months, and she begins appearing on morning television giving out fashion advice and promoting her book. However, when Cheryl , Miss United States and Gracie\'s friend, and Stan Fields  are kidnapped in Las Vegas, Gracie is prompted to return to her old ways. She goes undercover to try to rescue them, accompanied by her bodyguard Sam Fuller . This puts her at odds with the FBI, as they are unwilling to lose their mascot and are unsure if she\'s still up to the task.'] ["Against the advice of his best friend Ted , Anderson  proposes to his girlfriend, Vanessa , publicly whilst dressed in a cupid costume. The shock of the proposal leads to her instantaneous death. Utterly devastated and distraught, Anderson quits his job and goes into mourning. Anderson is still obsessed with his perfect  former girlfriend and to help him move on, Ted persuades him to give romance one more try. To placate his friend, Anderson agrees. Right after, waitress Katie  comes over. On a whim, Anderson asks Katie to marry him, and to his utter astonishment, she accepts his proposal. Anderson and Katie now decide to take things slow, the same day she moves into Anderson's apartment. Meanwhile Anderson is feeling guilty as when unconscious he spoke to his former girlfriend, the late Vanessa. However he goes ahead with plans to meet her parents, and to bring Katie to meet his parents. The pair soon begin to get on well with each other and, although not the smoothest of meetings, the parents have no real objection to the marriage. Katie's father, Smitty, breaks out of jail to walk her down the aisle. He arrives at his ex-wife 's house and through their long lost passion for one another, their love sparks again, much to Stuart's  discomfort. After a falling out over Anderson's late girlfriend, Anderson and Katie's relationship looks to be over. This pivotal moment in the film leads to the pair finally declaring their fondness of one another. In line with the film's spontaneous feel, the couple suddenly run off to Atlantic City, with help from Ted. Now Anderson, Katie, Ted and the rest of the party are driving to Atlantic City, in a car from the car dealership where Ted works . Katie's ex-boyfriend, William, tries to persuade Katie that they should be together. He proceeds to assault Anderson on the way to their wedding. Ted's boss reports the car stolen, and in an unfortunate event, they crash into a police car, resulting in their arrest. Meanwhile, Katie's parents know where they're headed and make their way there, stopping to rob the Tuxedo Depot in preparation for the wedding. Katie's parents are also arrested for robbing the store. They all end up in the same police station, and Anderson's parents also turn up after he calls them. In a lucky turn of events the group is able to escape from the station after stealing an officer's gun and locking them in a cell. At this point Anderson and Katie establish for the final time that they want to get married and for the first time, the whole group is in favor. Now in a police van, which the policemen let them use, they drive to Atlantic City and Anderson and Katie finally get married. However, as soon as they step outside they are all arrested. Anderson and Katie spend their honeymoon in jail and bribe a judge with a blender they received as a wedding present."] ["Audrey Tautou plays shop assistant Irène, who on the way to work takes a seat on the Paris metro opposite an older woman who tries to interview her for a marketing survey. On hearing that Irène's birthdate is 11 March 1977, the woman reads her horoscope : today she'll meet her true love, but she must be patient. After she leaves the metro, a young man sitting alongside  tells the older woman he was born on the same day and asks her to read the rest of the horoscope. The film then traces a range of characters of diverse ages, ethnicities and social status whose daily lives intersect with Irène and Faudel's in a variety of ways and come together at the end of the day. Seemingly trivial events—such as the throwing of stones or a shoe, the theft of a coffeemaker, a pigeon's consumption of a macaroon—determine the decisions and lives of the many characters."] ['In a small town in southern Italy in 1905, theatrical performances are accompanied by short silent film. An audience flees in terror as an image of a train tears towards them, projected on a makeshift screen, a large white sheet. Federico , is fascinated by this new film technology and switches from a medical career to writing screenplays. He soon lands a gig as the director of a new short silent film. Although he is torn by the demands of those around him, his producer wants salacious storylines and his sister craves something more edifying. Federico decides to recreate the Biblical story of Susanna, where she nakedly bathes and is leered at by two older men Meanwhile, Marianna  is a peasant sorceress, that finds her powers redundant against the new powers of film technology. Federico becomes attracted Marianna, but he is also mesmerized by Beatrice, a visiting writer .The Trick in the Sheet &ndash; Film Review The Hollywood Reporter. 14 October 2010'] ['Siddharth "Sid" ([[John Abraham  works in a bookstore in London named Kagaz Ke Phool with his Pakistani friend Omar . His girlfriend Krutika  never leaves a chance to dominate him. The twist comes when Sid starts getting calls from people who are attempting suicide as his number was mistakenly printed on fliers of an Indian suicide helpline and later on he takes on the counseling job. One night he gets a call from Mishka  who had a bad relationship and is on the verge of taking her life. Sid and Mishka get talking and suicidal feelings are thrown over London’s Tower Bridge. They become phone friends and Sid knows who Mishka is when she visits his bookstore.'] ['Catherine and Duo’s relationship that begins as a satirical inversion of the Hollywood Romantic Comedy paradigm comes to an abrupt Anglican halt when half of the couple leaves to study at Oxford University. Left behind like so many zealots before him, Duo finds a somewhat psychotic comfort in shipping everything he owns to himself. Somewhere between "point A" and "point A", however the parcels, of course, get lost. This is where Travis finds Duo, on the floor of an apartment as stripped as its tenet and, perhaps, as desperate. Travis and a band of well-meaning compatriots try their best to pick up the sad, silly pieces of their once self-possessed friend and, eventually, lead Duo back to the path of the essentially sane. Unfortunately and inevitably, just as Duo retrieves some measure of direction Catherine returns tossing him back into uncompromising melancholy. Somehow, though, her homecoming also carries illuminations of exactly what love means for at least one member of a seemingly wayward generation.'] ["Two people, living in Boston and unlucky in love - a nurse  whose activist boyfriend  has just walked out on their relationship to help a Native American tribe fight off a land development deal, and a plumber  struggling to pay off family obligations while pursuing a career as a marine biologist - deal with personal and professional problems and stumble through relationships, continually crossing one another's paths without ever truly meeting and realizing how perfect they are for one another. Time and time again one almost catches the other's eye, but circumstances intervene. Finally, after a series of ups and downs, both of their budding relationships with others crash and burn, just in time for a chance meeting on the MBTA train heading to Wonderland station, on the outskirts of Boston."] ['During the Korean War, Italian nurse Lieutenant Julietta Perodi , who has a passion of everything in "twos", falls in love with two United States Air Force pilots, Col. Tom Ferris  and Col. "Tank" Martin . "Julie" marries Ferris after he convinces her that his friend, "Tank" has been killed in a aircraft crash. She soon discovers that Martin is alive, but remains happily married to Ferris until, Martin, her former love, re-enters their lives 14 years later. London-based Ferris, now a military attache assigned to looking after military "brass", especially General Parker  has been neglectful of his wife. When Martin uses his influence to have Ferris shipped to Labrador for an Arctic survival course, she is prepared to seek a divorce. In the guise of an Arab potentate, Ferris, steals a V.I.P jet and wings it to Rome to reconcile with his wife. Martin really wants to keep his single lifestyle, and can\'t see himself as the "marrying kind." Two years later, with their marriage on firmer grounds, the Ferris family has twin boys while Ferris continues making life easy for military V.I.P.\'s, including the newly-appointed Brig. Gen. Tank Martin, who is now flying with the United States Air Force Thunderbirds air demonstration team.'] ['Richard Breggs  is a struggling actor living in an apartment with his girlfriend. After a conversation with a friend, Richard decides that he is too much of a "nice guy" and that the key to success is to act like a jerk. After his new obnoxious personality lands him a part in a play, Richard thinks he is on his way to being a success. He goes to sleep in his apartment and wakes up in a mansion. It is four years later, but Richard doesn\'t remember anything that has happened in the elapsed time, due to an accidental bump on the head that gave him amnesia. It turns out that he is now a famous TV star, known for being obnoxious, selfish, and difficult to work with. Richard  realizes that while his new personality gave him success, it also caused him to lose his girlfriend and best friend. He sets about trying to right the wrongs of the past 4 years.Summary written by Jaclyn Mussehl, imdb.com'] ['Jimmy Connors, a student at Riverwood High School, also plays the drums in the school band, but dreams of playing in a dance band. He and his "pal" Mary Holden, sell the school principal the idea of forming the band and putting on a dance. The principal is initially doubtful, but then agrees to buy the first ticket. The event is a success and the school\'s debt for the instruments in paid off. Famous band leader, Paul Whiteman  sponsors a contest in Chicago for the best high school musical group, and Jimmy decides that the band must compete. In three weeks, the kids write, plan and put on a show . The melodrama called \'Nell from New Rochelle\', is also a success and raises the money to go to Chicago, but they\'re still short. A loan from Paul Whiteman himself deals with that obstacle. But when Willie, a member of the cast, is injured and needs a critical and urgent operation, the band give the money up so that Willie can be flown to Chicago for the operation. The band raise the money anyway, compete in Chicago and win the $500 prize. To Jimmy goes the honour of leading all the bands in a grand finale performance.'] ['{{Plot}} The movie begins with Kate  discussing her mother Lori\'s  series of bad relationships which always causes the family to move to a new town. She and her mother move to a new town and Kate gets a job as a waitress. While at work, she sees popular local boy John Tucker  on dates with three different girls: Carrie , a chronic overachiever; Heather ([[Ashanti , who is a sassy, aggressive head cheerleader; and Beth  a promiscuous vegan activist. Kate learns from a co-worker that he dates girls from different cliques at his school so that they never interact and convinces the girls who he dates to keep their relationships secret. One day in gym class, Kate, Carrie, Heather and Beth end up on the same team for a volleyball game. During the game, Carrie brags about being with John Tucker, and the girls learn about his scheme. Carrie, Heather and Beth begin fighting and Kate tries to break up the fight, only to land them all in detention. Later, Kate is enlisted to help in the retaliation against John Tucker. In the meantime Kate becomes friends with John\'s brother Scott , better known as "The Other Tucker". The girls\' initial attempts to undo John  backfire as John manages to use them to his advantage. After he breaks up with all three girls, they agree that breaking his heart is the ideal revenge. They then enlist Kate to be the heartbreaker. Kate joins the cheerleading team in order to get John\'s attention and the girls give her advice on how to act around John and spy on the dates using surveillance equipment. Kate and John go on a series of dates, the first of which at a bonfire at the beach. Kate is unprepared after John asks to take her home and Beth intervenes to teach her how to kiss. However, John arrives, forcing Beth to hide in the back of his Land Rover. At her house, Kate manages to buy Beth time to escape by kissing John, with Beth\'s skirt being ruined in the process. The next date is a romantic boat ride, and Kate and John have a good time together. Beth later notices that Kate is starting to fall for John. To counteract this, Carrie tapes John bragging to his friends in the locker room, saying he\'ll be scoring "more than baskets" at the away game, and shows the tape to Kate in order to get her to snap out of it. The girls try another plan to embarrass John Tucker at a hotel on the night of the away game. Kate seduces John on a video-chat and tells him to put on a woman\'s thong and climb out of his room and into hers. He accidentally climbs into a teacher\'s room and becomes the laughingstock of the school. John again uses this to his advantage, starting a fashion trend. Meanwhile, Kate\'s mother and Scott both discover the plan and lament the change in Kate\'s behavior. Afterward, Kate tells John that she heard about what he said in the locker room about her. John makes amends by giving her his watch and asking her to be his girlfriend. Kate tells Heather, Carrie and Beth that she wants out of the plan, as whether they are dating or plotting to destroy John Tucker, it is still all about him. At John\'s birthday party, the tape the girls made of John\'s destruction is played, and Kate reveals the entire plot. Heather, Beth, and Carrie defend her after a guest throws his drink at Kate. Still, John Tucker is unfazed, and the party devolves into a cake fight. A few days later, John and Kate agree to be friends, and John resolves to be honest, telling his new girlfriend about his other girlfriend. Scott, happy that Kate confessed, becomes her lab partner again, and it is hinted the two will begin dating. Kate is now good friends with Beth, Carrie, and Heather. Kate finishes saying, "as for the girl who made John Tucker fall in love, well, she\'s a legend." After the credits, Kate warns viewers at home wanting to try this that destroying a man has consequences, and the camera pans to several male teachers bending over to grab some papers, all wearing thongs.'] ["Born to East Indian parents, Rashmi Mehra lives a wealthy and care-free life in England, often overspends money, leading her dad to question her closely. On one such occasion, she manages to convince him that she can earn as much as £5000 in one month. He accepts her challenge and she sets out to find work. She soon finds out that it is not easy to get any job, especially without using her dad's name & any job skills. She does manage to convince the owner of 'Suno' FM Radio to let her con a young man in falling in love with her, while she ditches him on a reality show. The young man, Rashmi has in mind is Raj, who also uses the alias of CBI Officer R.B. Mathur, who has come all the way from India to nab a gang of drug-dealers. She will soon find out that Raj, too, has an agenda in falling for her, as he wants to convince his to-be father-in-law, Talwar, that he is married, and Rashmi is his fresh-from-India bride. Things get complicated when the underworld get word of original R.B. Mathur([[Arbaaz Khan  and kidnaps Rashmi mistaken as his bride."] ['The story concerns a group of guys who have made a deal to each invest in a fund, which would be paid to the last remaining bachelor of the group. Michael Delaney, a cartoonist, attempts to get the other remaining bachelor, Kyle Brenner, married to a statuesque policewoman who Kyle said was the one that got away, so Michael can claim the fund to pay off a gambling debt. Unfortunately, the statuesque policewoman Kyle is trying to marry is the woman Michael has fallen in love with, Officer Natalie Parker. Michael then gets himself into all sorts of misadventures, from getting captured by a young woman and her grandmother with a bizarre BDSM fetish  to trying to retrieve Kyle\'s surgically removed testicle, all the while attempting to pay off his gambling debt to the honked-off mobster menacing through selling his possessions, relieving himself of his "Tomcat" status, overcoming his fear of commitment, and finding true love.'] ['Sophie  is a young American woman who works for The New Yorker as a fact checker. She goes on a pre-honeymoon with her chef fiancé Victor  to Verona, Italy. Victor is unmoved by the romance of Italy and uses his time to research his soon-to-open restaurant, often neglecting Sophie. Sophie accidentally discovers an unanswered "letter to Juliet" by a Claire Smith from 1957, one of thousands of missives left at the fictional lover\'s Verona courtyard that are typically answered by the "secretaries of Juliet". She answers it and within a week the now elderly Claire  arrives in Verona with her handsome barrister grandson Charlie ([[Chris Egan . Claire and Sophie take an instant liking to each other, but Charlie and Sophie do not get along. Following the advice in Sophie\'s reply, Claire decides to look for her long-lost love, Lorenzo Bartolini . Sophie, thinking Claire\'s story might help her with her writing career, helps Claire. The two find out that there are multiple Lorenzo Bartolinis living in the area. After many days of searching for the right Lorenzo, they find that one is dead. Charlie blames Sophie for his grandmother\'s sadness. He accuses her of not knowing what real loss is. Claire, witnessing the dispute, tells Charlie he was wrong and Sophie\'s mother had walked away from her when she was a little girl. The next day, Claire insists that Charlie apologize to Sophie at breakfast, which he does. After dinner, Sophie goes out with Charlie and talks to him about love, and the two kiss. The next morning is their last day of searching for Lorenzo. On a whim, Claire points out a vineyard to Charlie and asks if he could stop so they can have a farewell drink for Sophie. As Charlie drives down the road, Claire sees a young man who looks exactly like her Lorenzo. They discover the man is Lorenzo Bartolini\'s grandson, and Claire and Lorenzo reunite. Back in New York, Sophie breaks up with Victor before returning to Verona to attend Claire and Lorenzo\'s wedding. She finds Charlie with another woman, Patricia, and runs out crying. Charlie comes out to find her, and she admits she loves him but tells him to go back to Patricia. Charlie tells Sophie that the woman is his cousin Patricia and tells Sophie he loves her. He climbs up the vine to the balcony but accidentally falls down, and they kiss as he lies on the ground.'] ['Jin-woo is a firefighter who buys a ring for his girlfriend. Her name is Soo-jung, and she works at a TV station as a news translator for the deaf. She is waiting for him to propose, with the rationale that given his dangerous job, she likes the idea of him having to think of her, to hesitate for a while before jumping into danger. He, on the other hand, is waiting for that perfect opportunity and setting, before popping the question. Suk-hyun tells her unemployed boyfriend Ha-seok that she needs a more stable guy who has a good job. So Ha-seok goes off and finds himself a job helping other couples break up. Ju-young is a mother is too busy to spend time with her young son Hee-chan, until an illness confines her to a hospital bed. There the mother and son begin to communicate more and more. Soo-eun is a deaf girl who works as a costumed character mascot in a theme park. There she meets a young artist who she quickly begins to develop feelings for, yet she refuses to take off her mask in front of him because of her scar.'] ['Max de Mirecourt , a frustrated writer, goes to Tunisia in search of inspiration for his next novel. He meets a local girl named Alwina  whose personality intrigues Max so greatly that he invents a character based on her for his newest  novel. His relation with Alwina serves a dual purpose in that it also angers  his wife Lucie  who has been flirting with the Maharaja of Datane  back in Paris. Alwina is taken under Max\'s wing and taught the manners and social graces of a high society princess. She is then whisked away to Paris with Max and pretends to be Princess Tam Tam, from far away India. Lucie is only further enraged by all the attention that Alwina receives and, after her friend sees Alwina dance provocatively in a sailor\'s bar, calls upon her Maharaja to craft a plan which will destroy her husband\'s relation with "the princess." The Maharaja throws a grand party, inviting the upper crust of Parisian society. Alwina is unable to resist the exotic music, and promptly joins the large, staged dance number, embarrassing Max—until he realizes that the entire audience is on their feet, applauding Alwina. Lucie is furious. Lucie and Max forgive each other in the end and fall in love again. Alwina returns to Tunisia after the frustrating realization that, as the Maharaja puts it, "Some windows face to the West, and the others to the East." Ultimately, however, the entire European affair is revealed to be little more than an enactment of Max\'s novel in progress. Alwina never does go to Europe, and the primary events of the film are simply a staging of how Max has imagined them. Alwina is given Max\'s Tunisian estate, and Max\'s new novel is a success. The title of his new work is "Civilisation." When asked about Alwina while back in Europe, Max states that she is "Better where she is," and the film closes with a scene of Alwina and Dar back in Tunisia, with a newborn child, and with farm animals now strewn about Max\'s mansion. In the final shot, a donkey eats the title page of "Civilisation" from off of Max\'s  floor.'] ['Lonnie Earl Dodd is a Little Rock car dealer who stars in his own cheesy television commercials. He and his wife Darlene are best friends with Roy and Candy Kirkendall, who are trying to start a family. When the two couples decide to drive cross-country to see a monster truck rally, Lonnie Earl pulls a new SUV off his lot and the four set off. En route, they stop at an Amarillo, Texas restaurant where Lonnie Earl is determined to win a free dinner by consuming a 72-ounce steak and all the trimmings within an hour. Darlene longs to see the Grand Canyon, but Lonnie Earl insists they stick to their schedule and refuses to fulfill her dream. It becomes increasingly clear Darlene is living timidly in her husband\'s shadow, kowtowing to his demands and accepting his verbal and emotional abuse without complaint. In Reno, a fortune teller tells Candy she is expecting a baby, and she buys several home pregnancy tests to see if she is right. She\'s overjoyed when all the results are positive, but complications arise when Roy calls Doc Tuley for the results of a fertility test he took before leaving home. Roy is sterile, and therefore clearly not the father of Candy\'s child. Darlene notices an uneasy glance between Lonnie Earl and Candy and realizes the two have been having an affair. Devastated, she treats herself to a complete and very expensive makeover and goes to see Tony Orlando perform, determined not to let her insensitive husband rob her of this dream as well. Meanwhile, Roy is in the hotel lounge trying to make headway with Brenda, who unbeknownst to him is a high-class hooker. Eventually the two couples return to their suite, where they engage in loud arguments and fisticuffs. The following day they discover Darlene has found the ultimate way to avenge her husband\'s boorish treatment of her - she has donated the SUV he intended to sell when they returned home to be destroyed by an enormous, fire-breathing Robosaurus during the monster truck rallyDouglas Malewicki\'s actual Robosaurus thrill ride is featured at this point of the filmThe movie trailer on youtube. Minute [1:49] "So what do you say we sacrifice a new car".. In an epilogue we learn Roy and Candy are the parents of three children, the results of the fertility test having been incorrect. Lonnie Earl and a confident Darlene are equal partners in his business, and she has become the star of the still-cheesey ads he continues to make.'] ['The boys &mdash; Brad, Frank and Kevin &mdash; go from their bedroom suburb of Middletown to the city, with money  with hopes to see a naked woman. They find a bemused hooker named "V" that accepts showing her breasts for the amount. However when they head back home, their bikes have been stolen. They\'re now broke, and stuck in the city. Back in her apartment V speaks with a male friend Cash and fellow hooker Betty. Bag-man Cash has been skimming money that he sends to his mob boss Waltzer who in turn steals from his own boss, Jerry. After the conversation he leaves the apartment and V notices the boys across the street cowering from the rain and takes his car to give them a ride home. After arriving at Frank\'s house the car breaks down. With no other option, V accepts his offer to stay in his tree house. Tom, his father, is a little surprised to find her there, but offers to repair the car in a few days when he is more free from his science classes at school. Frank tells Tom that she is a math tutor and that she\'s giving lessons to his friend Brad. He doesn\'t realize she is staying in the tree house. Frank does his best to accommodate her and begins to romanticize her, hoping to get widowed Tom to become attracted to her. In conversations with her, he tells her Tom is accepting of her \'job\', meaning the false tutoring cover-up, but she thinks he means her prostitution. This innocent deception leads to several misconceptions by both of them. V learns through the TV that Cash has been murdered by his mob boss Waltzer, and phones Betty only to discover that Waltzer is now looking for her - Cash told him that she stole the money from him. She realizes that he is overhearing the conversation and hangs up. With the car still broken down, she gets Tom\'s old bike from the garage and rushes to find him so that he can repair it. He is on a field trip to the town\'s wetlands, a piece of undeveloped natural land that he is attempting to save from development. He is unable to repair the car any sooner but V realizes that she is probably safer there in Middletown, since Waltzer doesn\'t know where she is. Meanwhile at school, Frank flunks a biology test about sex education, and must give the class an oral presentation. He decides to use V as a mannequin, and through a ruse manages to distract his teacher long enough to draw a relatively accurate female reproductive system on her skin-colored suit. This leads to much comic gossip among the adults, and soon enough, she and Tom find out the truth about her vocation. He is angry, confused, and hurt and turns to a box of memorabilia that was his wife\'s before she died. As both go through the things inside the box they start to heal their relationship and V reveals that her real name is Eve. She thought the name Eve was too biblical so she removed the “e”s. Meanwhile, Kevin\'s father learns the truth about her as well, and in an attempt to purchase her services, unwittingly calls her phone number. Waltzer learns from Betty about the trip to Middletown, thus finding out where V is hiding. Tom and V begin a relationship, attending a school dance, and enjoying a night on the town. Waltzer shows up to spoil their fun, and a chase scene ensues, with him finally being eliminated. Anxious about her status, and afraid to return to her old job, V goes to his boss and relates how he has been cheating him, and asks to be \'forgotten\' by them - the older crime boss succumbs to her charms and tells her he\'ll take care of things, and she doesn\'t need to be afraid any more. Tom and V find the stolen money in Cash\'s car, , and everybody lives happily ever after.'] ["College student Wes  who comes from Oklahoma to a University in Minnesota, signs up to participate in a psychological experiment where he meets Susan . The two are instantly attracted to each other. Besides the problem of their differing socio-economic backgrounds, Susan is also engaged. However, Susan's grandfather recognizes her fiance's opportunism and when he sides with Wes, their relationship is given more of a chance, in spite of the concern Susan's mother has about social status. Susan's fiancee is Whitley . As events unfold, her grandfather  places his millions on Wes' side of the table since Whitley's opportunistic streak is as apparent as the white stripe on a skunk. Maybe the lovers have a chance after all, even if Susan's mother  is hung up on social status."] ['Three decorated Navy pilots finagle a four-day leave in San Francisco. They land a posh suite at a hotel where Commander Andy Crewson , a master of procurement, arranges to populate it with wine, women and song.http://www.tcm.com/tcmdb/title/80435/Kiss-Them-for-Me/ Blonde bombshell Alice Kratzner  is one of these women, lured to the suite under the false pretense that Crewson has a stash of nylon stockings. Once there, she is naturally attracted to Crewson, but later turns her attention to Lieutenant McCann , a married man who also is in the process of running for a Congressional seat back home in Connecticut. If he is elected, McCann can leave the Navy immediately and return to civilian life. Lieutenant Wallace  tries to get the three pilots, including "Mississip,"  to make morale-raising speeches at the plants of shipyard magnate Eddie Turnbill , so that Turnbill will vouch for the men with the Navy and also to grease a popular job for himself upon leaving the service. Crewson and his cohorts, however, are physically and mentally exhausted from the war and simply want to enjoy a few days away from it. Suffering from combat stress and confronted with a number of reminders of the horrors of war, Crewson tries to amuse himself by making a play for Turnbill\'s attractive fiancée, Gwinneth Livingston . She resists his advances at first, but ultimately throws her engagement ring in Turnbill\'s face. Crewson declares his love for her shortly before he and his mates board a plane leaving San Francisco to return to duty.'] ["Katie Holstrom , a Swedish-American, leaves the family farm to go to nursing school in Capitol City. Barn painter Adolph Petree ([[Rhys Williams , who had completed a job for Katie's father, offers her a ride, but robs her of her money. Katie, refusing to ask her family for help, goes to work as a maid in the home of political power broker Agatha Morley  and her son, U.S. Representative Glenn Morley . Soon, she impresses Agatha and her loyal majordomo Joseph Clancey  with her refreshing, down-to-earth common sense and Glenn with her other charms. Unexpected problems arise when the Morleys and the other leaders of their political party select a replacement for a deceased congressman; they pick the unscrupulous Anders J. Finley ([[Art Baker . Knowing of the man, Katie strongly disapproves of their choice. She attends a public meeting arranged to introduce Finley and begins asking pointed, embarrassing questions. The leaders of the opposition party are impressed and offer her their backing in the coming election. When she accepts, Katie reluctantly has to quit her job, much to Glenn's annoyance. When Katie's campaign picks up support , Finley resorts to smearing her reputation. He pays Petree to claim Katie spent the night with him when he gave her a ride. As a result, Katie becomes so distraught, she runs home. Glenn learns of the chicanery, follows her and proposes to her. After hearing the news of her son's engagement, Agatha, with her butler's help, gets Finley drunk and tricks him not only into revealing that he bribed Petree, and that he has him safely hidden away at his isolated lodge. With the help of Katie's three big, strong brothers , Glenn takes Petree away from the goons Finley assigned to watch him, and makes him confess over the radio. Agatha withdraws her party's support from Finley and endorses Katie, ensuring her election. In the final scene, Glenn carries Katie across the threshold of the United States House of Representatives."] ['In the late eighteenth century, the Grande Dame of France, an elderly aristocrat, summons The Brothers Grimm to tell them the real story of the little cinder girl. She shows them a portrait of a young woman, named Danielle de Barbarac, and a glass slipper, and begins her tale. Danielle, a little girl at age eight, lives with her widowed father, Auguste, who shares with her a love of books and progressive ideas. He brings home a new wife, the haughty Baroness Rodmilla de Ghent, who has two daughters about Danielle\'s age, Marguérite and Jacqueline. He has a heart attack soon after, and with his dying breath professes his love for Danielle rather than Rodmilla, who envies Danielle and treats her like a servant thereafter. Marguérite is as cruel as Rodmilla, but Jacqueline is kind and gentle. Ten years later, in the manor\'s orchard, Danielle catches a man stealing her father\'s horse. She unseats him with a well-aimed apple, but is horrified to learn that he is Henry, the Crown Prince of France, trying to escape the responsibilities of court. He buys her silence with a purse of gold, which she decides she will use to rescue an elderly servant sold to the Crown to pay the household\'s debts. She dresses as a noblewoman and goes to court to ransom the servant, where she encounters the Prince again. After the jailor refuses to release the servant, she argues against the injustice and quotes Thomas More\'s Utopia. Henry is so captivated that he orders the man released and begs for her name, but she evades his pleas and leaves him instead with her mother\'s name, the Comtesse Nicole de Lancret. When Henry returns the horse to the manor, it\'s plain that Rodmilla intends to match her daughter Marguérite with the Prince, despite the marriage his parents have arranged with the Spanish royals. The King strikes a bargain with the recalcitrant Prince, telling Henry to choose his own bride before they give a ball in honour of Leonardo da Vinci, who has come to court, or he will choose for him. Henry meets Danielle again by the river, where he is arguing with Da Vinci about love and fate, but again she runs away. While looking for Da Vinci soon after Henry finds Danielle\'s childhood friend, Gustave, who knows the whole story, and tells him Nicole de Lancret is staying with Rodmilla. When he arrives at the manor, Danielle agrees to accompany him to the library of a nearby monastery. They are accosted by gypsies en route, and in an uproarious turn of events, Danielle rescues Henry and at the end of the night, they kiss. They agree to meet the next day, but she returns home so late she loses her temper in the morning, then punches Marguérite in the eye when she discovers Marguérite intends to take her mother\'s wedding dress and wear it to the masque. She is beaten by Rodmilla and when she meets Henry later, Danielle is so disheartened that she is unable to tell him the truth and runs away once more. That same day, the Queen asks Marguérite and Rodmilla if they know the mysterious Comtesse de Lancret, and they realize it must be Danielle. Rodmilla tells the Queen that the Comtesse has gone to marry someone else. When they return to the manor, the Comtesse\'s wedding dress has disappeared and Rodmilla thinks Danielle plans on going to the masque, so she locks her in the larder. The servants get word to Da Vinci through Gustave, and he frees her and makes her a pair of wings to match her mother\'s wedding dress and her glass slippers, so she can go to the masque. Danielle arrives just before the King announces Henry\'s engagement, but before she can tell him the truth, Rodmilla accuses her of plotting to entrap the Prince by masquerading as a courtier. Henry is so shocked he spurns Danielle, saying that she\'s "like the rest of them." Tearfully, Danielle flees, losing a slipper along the way. Henry decides to marry the Spanish Princess, but calls it off when he sees how distraught she is at the ceremony. He goes to the manor, but learns from Jacqueline that Danielle has been sold to Pierre le Pieu, a man who seems to have sexual advances on Danielle, just after the masque, so he sets out with Laurent to rescue her, but finds she has freed herself. Realizing that he loved her, he asks her to forgive him and to marry him, and she agrees happily and they kiss. The next day, Rodmilla and Marguérite are summoned to court and charged with lying to the Queen. Without a defence, the Queen strips Rodmilla of her title and sentences her and Marguérite to be banished to the Americas unless someone will speak for them. When Danielle steps forward, Henry introduces her as his wife. She asks that they receive the same courtesy they showed her, so Marguérite and Rodmilla are sent to the laundry to serve out their lives. Jacqueline is matched with Henry\'s acerbic squire, while Danielle and Henry live happily ever after; and the Grande Dame tells The Brothers Grimm that, "the point, gentlemen, is that they lived."'] ["Lee Holloway , the socially awkward and emotionally sensitive youngest daughter of a dysfunctional family, adjusts to normal life after having been hospitalized following an incident of dangerous self-harm. She learns to type, starts to date an acquaintance from high school named Peter, and begins to work as a secretary for an eccentric attorney, E. Edward Grey , who hires her despite her stilted social skills and unprofessional appearance. Though at first Grey appears highly irritated by Lee's typos and other innocuous mistakes, it soon becomes apparent that he is sexually aroused by her submissive behavior. After he confronts her about her propensity for self-injury and commands that she never hurt herself again, the two embark on a BDSM relationship. Lee experiences a sexual and personal awakening, and she falls deeply in love. Edward, however, displays insecurity concerning his feelings for Lee, and he shows shame and disgust over his sexual habits. After a sexual encounter in his office, he fires Lee. During this period of exploration with Edward, Lee has also been attempting to have a normal boyfriend in Peter , even engaging in lukewarm sex with him. After Lee is fired from her job, Peter proposes to Lee, who reluctantly agrees to marry him. However, while trying on her wedding gown she leaves and runs to Edward's office where she declares her love for him. Edward, still uncertain about their relationship, tests Lee by commanding her to sit in his chair without moving her hands or feet until he returns. Lee eagerly complies. Days pass, as Peter, family members, and acquaintances individually visit Lee to alternately attempt to dissuade or encourage her. After three days, Edward returns to the office and takes Lee to his apartment where he bathes and nurtures her. The pair marry and happily continue their dominant-submissive relationship."] ['Prem  is a happy-go-lucky person who resides with his parents in his small town and runs "Happy Club" &mdash; a club that aims at making people happy. Prem meets Jenny  through a misunderstanding and the two become friends. He is immediately besotted with Jenny and tries to impress her in numerous ways. Jenny is a sweet and simple young woman, who was adopted and brought up by indifferent and uncaring parents. Falling in love with Jenny makes Prem turn over a new leaf. For him, Jenny\'s happiness becomes everything in life. As for Jenny, she is in love with her college friend Rahul . Though heartbroken, Prem still loves her and, for the sake of her happiness, he helps unite her with Rahul when her parents try to force her to get married to someone else for their own benefit. Prem\'s efforts to unite Jenny and Rahul lead to many unusual and comedic adventures, through which Prem is always at Jenny\'s side. However, on Jenny and Rahul\'s wedding day, Jenny realizes that she made a mistake. She realizes that she truly loves Prem and that Rahul and his family are actually very selfish. She is united with Prem and the two happily get married.'] ['Norbit Albert Rice  opens the film by narrating that he is an orphan as he is thrown out of a car by his parents, in front of the Golden Wonton orphanage and cuisine. Mr. Wong  finds him the next morning and takes him in, claiming that nobody will want "ugly black one". Norbit and his buddy partner, Kate Thomas  were the best of friends and even got \'married\' as children in the orphanage but one day, they got separated when Kate got adopted. As there was an odd number at the orphanage, Norbit was alone for a while. A while after, whilst being bullied by twins in elementary school, Norbit is saved by Rasputia Latimore , a fat, self-centered, overbearing, vain girl who takes an instant liking to Norbit and makes him her boyfriend. She protects him from other kids and makes him feel like he as a real family. As they both grow up, Rasputia becomes meaner, fatter and rougher, dominating every aspect of Norbit\'s life. They eventually got married, in part due to the pressure from Rasputia\'s three coarse, muscular brothers Big Black Jack , Blue , and Earl , who the whole town live in fear of . Rasputia and her brothers run the local construction company where Norbit works as a book keeper. They also run a \'security\' business which is popular with the local vendors. Throughout their life together, Rasputia mistreats, insults, and dominates Norbit to make sure that she keeps him all to herself, eventually starting to resent and cheat on him by having sex with her power tap dance instructor Buster Perkin , who only goes along with it so her brothers can fund his workout tape. Norbit is performing a puppet show for the kids at the orphanage which he lets all is anger out to Rasputia through the puppets, but then he sees Kate for the first time in years. Stunned by her, his affection for her returns. But then Norbit is disappointed to find out that Kate\'s now engaged to Deion Hughes , a sneaky, slick-talking businessman. Eventually, with help from Norbit\'s two ex-pimp friends Pope Sweet Jesus  and Lord Have Mercy  and the other townspeople, Kate falls in love with Norbit. Rasputia finds out about this while driving by the church and saw Kate and Norbit rehearsing the wedding. When Norbit tells her what he would say if he was saying vows to Kate, she kisses him, eventually running away since she is confused with her feelings. Later, Norbit discovers that the Latimore brothers have orchestrated a plot to purchase Kate and Norbit\'s former orphanage to open up a strip club; since Deion is to be married to Kate, he\'ll have possession of the property, and he gets a share of the money once the strip club opens. When Kate finds out about the deal, Deion convinces her that Norbit only used her to help the Latimores. When she confronts him after he\'s locked in the basement by a vengeful Rasputia, Norbit acts mean to Kate to save her from Rasputia  and says that last night, he was only trying to "score" with her. In a fit of rage, Kate leaves Norbit to go marry Deion instead. When the Latimores had left to go to the wedding, Norbit escapes from the basement, and races to the church on his bike  where Deion and Kate are to be married, chased by the Latimores and falls into a pond. He continues to the church, beating the Latimores. Norbit reveals that Deion has gotten rich off of divorce settlements and only marries women for their money. He proves this by presenting Deion\'s ex-wives and children in person. Deion flees and the Latimores, angered that their plans are now ruined forever, attack Norbit. Just as the brothers prepare to kill Norbit, they\'re stopped by the townspeople who have taken up arms to defend Norbit and get their revenge on the Latimores. In the ensuing battle, Rasputia fights her way through the crowd , but just when she\'s about to kill Norbit with the spade, Mr. Wong comes out and harpoons her in the butt. Rasputia and her brothers are then chased out of town by the mob, never to be seen or heard from again. Norbit and Kate buy the orphanage and get married under the tree where they got married as kids. Rasputia and her brothers escape to Mexico and open up the El Nipplopolis club, where Rasputia becomes their most popular and lucrative stripper.'] ['Dan Burns  is a newspaper advice columnist, a widower, and a controlling father to his children Jane , Cara  and, Lilly  in the New Jersey suburbs. His column is in contention to be syndicated nationally. The family takes a trip to the Rhode Island home of his parents  to visit his family—including his New York City-based brother, Mitch , a personal trainer—for an annual family get together. Cara does not want to go, as she does not want to leave her boyfriend Marty  whom she claims to have fallen in love with in just three days. But Dan insists that it is not possible to fall in love in three days and makes her go. The morning after his arrival, Dan\'s mother encourages him to go into town for a bit to give his daughters some space. Dan visits a bookstore and a customer named Marie  mistakes him for an employee. Dan and Marie have an obvious connection and continue to talk over breakfast. Marie agrees to meet with Dan again before leaving but tells Dan that she has a boyfriend. Dan returns to his parents\' house and happily announces he has met someone new, only to find that Marie is there, her boyfriend being Dan\'s brother, Mitch. Dan and Marie spend the majority of their time trying to deny their attraction to each other. Dan even agrees to a date with Ruthie Draper, a childhood friend of Dan and Mitch\'s who comes to visit and is now a surgeon. Cara\'s boyfriend shows up despite the long journey but is sent home by Dan. Cara chases the car and cries and calls out, "You are a murderer of love!" to Dan when Marty is out of sight. During a family talent show, Dan plays guitar while Mitch sings Pete Townshend\'s "Let My Love Open the Door." But Mitch forgets the words, and Dan steps in, serenading Marie in front of his brother. Marie is unable to continue to deny her feelings for Dan, and she breaks up with Mitch, which makes him distraught. Before leaving town, she calls Dan, and they meet at a bowling alley. After spending some time bowling, Marie and Dan end up kissing. At this point, Dan\'s family shows up at the bowling alley. Surprised and infuriated at Dan for his betrayal, Mitch punches Dan in the face and Marie runs out. A short time later, Dan finally meets with a father and daughter who run the newspaper media company. His family sits in on the meeting. Lost at what he has experienced, the meeting turns awkward but unresolved. Dan talks to his daughters and admits he is in love with Marie, even though he has only known her three days. Encouraged by his parents and the three girls, he goes after Marie. The film ends with Dan and his three daughters in New York City where they find Marie at her gym and the two make eye contact, to a voiceover in which Dan narrates his first column to his readers, indicating that he indeed was chosen by the newspaper media company to have his column nationally syndicated. The ending scene in the film shows Dan and Marie descending the steps of his parents\' home and dancing following their wedding. Mitch is seen happily dancing with Ruthie Draper, and Cara is happily dancing with her boyfriend Marty.'] ['After foiling a purse snatcher who tries to steal Jenny Johnson \'s purse on the subway, Matt  becomes Jenny\'s "hero" and starts dating this shy stranger. After several dates, Jenny displays increasingly neurotic and aggressive behavior, becoming more demanding and ultimately injuring Matt and destroying his bed the first time they have sex. Soon after, Jenny reveals to him that she is in fact the voluptuous blonde superheroine, G-Girl, who accidentally received powers such as flight, super-human strength and speed, invulnerability, super breath, heat vision, and super senses after she was exposed to radiation from a crashed meteorite as a teenager. Jenny starts to become more controlling after she reveals her powers and Matt starts to lose his mind. Hannah , Matt\'s co-worker, has a secret crush on him. As Matt and Hannah\'s friendship develops further, and after becoming aggravated with Jenny\'s escalating jealousy, Matt ends the relationship. An enraged Jenny vows to make Matt regret the decision, using her superpowers to publicly embarrass him, throwing his car into space and eventually causing him to lose his job when she strips him naked during an important meeting. Professor Bedlam , Jenny\'s former friend, and now G-Girl\'s arch-nemesis, contacts Matt in order to enlist his aid in defeating her. Matt refuses and makes plans to leave the city. As he does so he is contacted by Hannah, and after confessing their feelings to one another, they end up in bed. Jenny  discovers them in bed the next day. Enraged and jealous, she attacks the pair with a great white shark. Angered, Matt contacts Professor Bedlam and agrees to help him defeat her, as long as Bedlam retires from being a supervillain. He instructs Matt to lure Jenny to a meeting where she can be exposed to another meteorite that will draw away her powers, leaving her a mere mortal. Matt agrees and meets Jenny for a candlelit dinner at his apartment, under the pretense of wanting to resume their relationship. Hannah arrives to see Jenny sitting on Matt\'s lap. The two women fight, and in the struggle Jenny\'s superhero identity is revealed to Hannah. Bedlam\'s trap is sprung, and the energy that gave Jenny her powers is drained back into the meteorite, incapacitating Jenny. Professor Bedlam appears, but reveals that he has no intention of keeping his promise to retire from villainy and in fact plans to take the powers for himself. While he and Matt fight, Jenny crawls to the charged meteorite attempting to regain her powers; Hannah intervenes just as Jenny grabs the meteorite, which explodes in a burst of power. Both Hannah and Jenny are catapulted off the roof, apparently to their deaths; Jenny appears within seconds, powers restored, threatening even more mayhem. Only the unexpected reappearance of Hannah, who was also exposed to the meteorite\'s energies, and now possesses the same powers as G-Girl, saves Matt. The second fight between Hannah and Jenny is a full-on super-brawl, destroying part of the neighboring properties. Finally, Matt reasons with them both and they cease fighting. He tells Jenny that Professor Bedlam is her true love; Jenny agrees and she embraces her former nemesis. The next morning, Matt and Hannah meet up with Professor Bedlam  and Jenny. As cries for help are heard from afar, Jenny and Hannah, who have become partners in crime-fighting, take off to tackle the emergency; Matt and Barry are left holding their girlfriends\' purses and clothes, and leave to have a beer together.'] ["Balu Mahendra  is always the number one student in his college. Mahalakshmi , his cousin comes to Balu’s house to continue her studies. She is in awe of her Mr. Perfect ‘Bava’ and takes his help to achieve big in studies. Surprisingly, she surpasses him and becomes the first ranker. Balu gets deeply hurt by this and he resorts to cunning ways to deviate Mahalakshmi. But to his surprise Ajith ([[Anand  stands first this time. Meanwhile Mahalakshmi's father brings her a marriage proposal, but she doesn’t want to marry him. Balu and Mahalakshmi compromise by agreeing to help each other. Balu helps her in getting the proposal canceled and Mahalakshmi starts deviating Ajith from studies for the sake of Balu. When the couple is heading to fall in love, Mahalakshmi unknowingly hurts the ego of Balu and they get separated. After three years they meet again in the hospital because their grandmother suddenly falls ill. While trying to find out how Balu is doing, Mahalakshmi realizes he hadn't changed at all. Both argue a lot until their parents try to get them married. Surprisingly, Balu mentions that he has a girlfriend named Swapna that he hopes to marry. While introducing her to his family, Mahalakshmi notices that Swapna is much more than she is. To get back at Balu, she agrees to get married to Ajith, Balu's former rival in college. Ajith turns out to be the head of a company that makes more than Balu's company. Balu, angry that Ajith is greater than he is, puts his company in risk in hopes that he can surpass Ajith's company. Unfortunately, his partner cheats him, and Balu is on the verge of losing his company. Mahalakshmi works hard to help him out of the hard time as his new project manager. Both make an excellent team and Balu's company is saved. In an after party, Balu credits Mahalakshmi for his success. She again unknowingly hurts Balu's ego. This time, Balu confesses that he felt the need to be great in Mahalakshmi's eyes because he loved her. When she tells him she shares his feelings, Balu refuses to believe her. After the interference of their grandfather, the two are united in the end."] ["Duncan Fletcher  is an average teenager in search of a date to his school's spring dance. At the mall with his friends, he meets a girl named Hallie  who just happens to be the daughter of the President of the United States, George Richmond . Duncan, not realizing this, asks her to his school's dance. She accepts and gives him her address  and he replies by telling her he will pick her up at 7:00. That night, Duncan's father  declines his request to borrow the company car, a red BMW M5. Duncan takes the company car anyway and goes to Hallie's pick her up, only to end up at the White House. He does not realize she is the president's daughter, and at first believes Hallie was playing a joke on him. When he enters, Hallie has Duncan meet her father, and Duncan is informed that there are limitations on where they can and cannot go, and that the Secret Service will be with them the entire time. Hallie says that they were just going to dinner and a movie, but at the movie theater, they sneak away from the Secret Service. Hallie and Duncan go to a movie and they get away with pretending to make out. They go to a store called f/x and get new clothes. Duncan uses his father's credit card and spends $730.16. After they go shopping, Duncan lets Hallie drive. They encounter many obstacles throughout the night: Duncan's father's car getting stolen, confrontations at a dance club and a tavern, the vice president's sleazy son, Reid Bosshardt , having a fight with each other, and then defending themselves from a local bully. Hallie's and Duncan's fathers are out looking for them throughout the city but end up being arrested for a traffic violation by a traffic cop who fails to recognize the President. Duncan and Hallie both manage to come home safe but unhappy as they realize after their first kiss how much they like each other. At the end of the film, even though they never make it to the dance, Duncan is satisfied about the outcome of the date. His dad gets mad about the whole thing and grounds him. But after he calms down, he decides to do more father-son things with him until he learns about what Duncan did with his credit card and accidentally crashes his car as a result. President Richmond comes to Duncan's school to thank him for taking care of his daughter and allow Duncan to continue seeing Hallie as well as establishing a friendship with Duncan's family. Duncan's father gets a promotion after his employer is overjoyed of being able to meet and play golf with the President which saves his job and apparently causes him to remove Duncan's grounding sentence. Hallie and Duncan are able to pursue a real relationship and happily go on a second date. The camera zooms to reveal multiple Secret Service SUVs and a helicopter following them."] ['{{plot}} The movie opens with Joe Tyler , a process server, a week late, serving a Mafia kingpin known as Fat Charlie  with a summons to appear as a witness in court, and his abrasive boss Ray  ridiculing him for such while complimenting his rival server Tony  for serving multiple targets in record time. Willing to give him one last shot, Ray gives Joe the assignment to serve British socialite Sara Moore  with divorce papers from her husband, Gordon , who is at his ranch in Texas with a mistress, Kate , while Sara vacations in upstate New York. While attempting to serve her, Sara is tipped off by Tony, thus revealing that the reason Joe has been failing is because Tony has been sabotaging his efforts. Eventually Joe does serve her, but is mugged by Fat Charlie\'s goons , leading to them taking his car. The two are forced to take the same bus, they enter a conversation where Joe tells her that, because her husband had the papers filled out due to Texas law, she stands to gain nothing from the divorce. After finding out that the typical "half of everything" law would apply if the papers had been served under New York law, Sara offers Joe a million dollars to serve her husband and rip up her papers. Although he\'ll lose his job, Joe agrees and the two set off to serve Gordon. When Ray hears of this, he tells Gordon and sends Tony off to re-serve Sara. Gordon in turn hires a bodyguard  to protect himself, and Joe, expecting Tony to tail him, leaves a set of bogus clues that lead him to Miami, Florida; Bangor, Maine; and then Amarillo, Texas; where he\'s shot in the back as he attempts to get on the grounds of the wrong ranch to try to serve the papers. Sara and Joe trail Gordon to his ranch, but Gordon evades them. Eventually they stay at a hotel where Gordon\'s mistress makes a new deal to Joe for one million dollars of the divorce settlement in return for Gordon\'s location. Joe agrees, but the entire deal is a set-up to get Tony into their apartment to serve Sara. Furious, Sara kicks Joe out. While Joe contemplates his lost fortune and budding love for Sara, he sees Tony\'s watch in the picture he took of him serving Sara, and calls Ray to inform him that Tony forgot to set his watch to the correct time zone, and thus the papers do not take effect until 7:04. With mere minutes until they both lose a fortune, Joe and Sara trail Gordon to a rodeo, where they evade Gordon\'s bodyguard and Tony in a motorbike competition. With seconds to spare before 7:04, Gordon is knocked out by a pack of beer dropped on his head by Sara, and Joe serves him under New York law which Gordon, finally accepting the loss, takes the serve as he\'s being photographed. Tony and Gordon\'s bodyguard are seen being carried out of the stadium, who Joe refers to as, "Guy who got ran over,"  and "Guy who RAN you over," . The film ends with Joe and Sara at Joe\'s dream vineyard, where they taste-test Joe\'s first bottle before going inside to have sex.'] ["Charlie  has finally found the one. Or has she? After Charlie and Kevin became engaged, Charlie's soon-to-be mother in law, Viola  sets out to destroy their relationship but realizes that Charlie won't go down without a fight."] ['Professional assassin Martin Q. Blank  finds himself depressed, irritable and dissatisfied with his work. A major irritant is his chief rival Grocer , whose effort to cartelize the hitman business puts him at potentially lethal odds with the solitary Martin. Following a botched contract, Martin receives an invitation to his class of \'86 10-year high school reunion in his home town of Grosse Pointe, Michigan. Initially reluctant to attend, he is pressured into it by both his therapist   and his secretary  . She books him a contract in Michigan that coincides with the reunion, ostensibly to smooth things over with the client whose contract was botched. Upon arriving in Grosse Pointe, Martin seeks out Debi Newberry , now a radio DJ, whom Martin had abandoned on prom night to enlist in the Army. While Debi\'s visit suggests hope for redemption, Martin\'s depression is only deepened by visits to his demented mother, his alcoholic father\'s grave, and the site of his childhood home where a convenience store now stands. Reconnecting with friends like Paul   is likewise depressing, as many have seemingly become well adjusted adults with normal jobs. When asked about his own livelihood, Martin readily reveals that he is a professional killer, a response taken as a joke by everyone he meets. Meanwhile Martin is being stalked by fellow hitmen Grocer and Felix LaPoubelle , a Basque former terrorist who is hired to kill Martin as revenge for one of his past jobs, and attempts to do so in the convenience store that stands in place of his childhood home. He is also clumsily tailed by two National Security Agency agents  who were tipped off to Martin\'s contract by Grocer. Despite these dangers, Martin remains distracted by his desire to make amends with Debi and fails to open the background dossier on his prospective target. At the reunion, Martin mingles with his former classmates, one of whom hands him her adorable toddler. Martin then experiences an existential transformation, recognizing that his recent dissatisfaction with his work and his amends with Debi signify an opportunity to change his life. Moments later, while exploring the halls, Martin is attacked by LaPoubelle, whom he kills in self-defense. Debi stumbles upon the scene and, horrified to find that Martin was not joking about his work after all, flees the reunion. Paul arrives only moments later to find Martin, who corrals him into helping to dispose of LaPoubelle\'s body in the school furnace. Realizing that his friend was not joking about his profession, Paul walks away from Martin in disgust after they dispose of LaPoubelle. Later Debi confronts Martin in his hotel room, where he reveals that psychological testing in the Army revealed he was suited to work as a hitman for the CIA; after leaving the CIA, he went into business for himself. His rationalizations for his work only horrify Debi even more; she rejects his attempts at reconciliation, and storms out. Martin, concluding that it is futile to attempt to change his life, fires his psychiatrist over the phone and finally opens the dossier containing the details of the contract that brought him to Grosse Pointe. He is startled to find that the target is Bart Newberry , Debi\'s father, who is scheduled to testify against Martin\'s client. Grocer decides to stop waiting for Martin to kill Bart and attempts the job himself to impress Martin\'s client. Either out of love for Debi, or a new-found respect for life, Martin abandons the contract and rescues Bart from certain death, speeding him to the Newberry house and holing up inside, narrowly ahead of Grocer and his team of mercenaries. During the siege, Martin finally reveals that he stood Debi up on prom night to enlist in the Army to channel his strong homicidal urges away from his family and friends. Martin gradually kills the team of mercenaries. During a tense standoff between Blank and Grocer, the NSA agents enter the fight, where they are gunned down by Grocer and Martin. By this point, Blank has run out of ammunition, and when Grocer tries to trick Blank by "selling" him a weapon for $100,000, Blank surprises him by smashing a TV over his head and killing him. Wounded and exhausted, Blank then proposes marriage to Debi. Debi, shell-shocked from the day\'s events, does not respond, although her father readily gives his blessing. The film ends with Debi and Martin speeding out of Grosse Pointe together.'] ["After an awkward yet memorable encounter at a stag party, Evo  and Grace  thought they would never see each other again. Little did they know that Grace is actually the girlfriend of Evo's best friend, Mark . As the arrogant player that he is, Evo takes advantage of what happened at the party to make Grace agree to his demands. He forces Grace to pretend as his girlfriend to make Akiko , his ex, jealous.{{cite web}}"] ['Lars Lindstrom lives in the converted garage behind the house he and his brother Gus inherited from their late father. His pregnant sister-in-law Karin\'s persistent attempts to lure him into the house for a family meal are usually rebuffed, and on the rare occasions he accepts, their conversation is stilted and he seems eager to leave as soon as he can. The young man finds it difficult to interact with or relate to his family, co-workers, or fellow parishioners in the church he regularly attends. Margo, Lars\'s co-worker, is clearly interested in him, but Lars runs silently from her at every chance he gets. One day Lars happily announces to Gus and Karin he has a visitor he met via the Internet, a wheelchair-bound missionary of Brazilian and Danish descent named Bianca. The two are startled to discover Bianca is, in fact, a lifelike doll Lars ordered from an adult website. Concerned about his mental health, they convince Lars to take Bianca to Dagmar, the family doctor who is also a psychologist. Dagmar diagnoses Bianca with low blood pressure and advises Lars he needs to bring her in for weekly treatments, during which she will attempt to analyze him and get to the root of his behavior. She explains to Gus and Karin that this is a delusion of his own creation and for his own reason and purpose, and she urges them to assist with Lars\'s therapy by treating Bianca as if she were a real woman. It is discovered during the course of the film that Lars\'s mother died during his birth, causing his father to change dramatically. These issues pushed Gus to leave home as soon as possible, leaving Lars to deal with a distant, heartbroken father alone. This also gives Lars an almost debilitating fear of having children that even Dagmar can\'t calm easily. Although Lars is responsible in every sense of the word for himself and now Bianca, his pain and discomfort is evidenced by the baby blanket he carries in almost every scene and the fact that he refuses any kind of intimacy, including touch. Bianca sleeps alone in "the pink room" , while Lars still sleeps in the converted garage. As time passes, Lars begins to introduce Bianca as his girlfriend to his co-workers and various townspeople. Due to their care and concern for Lars, everyone treats Bianca as a real person, and she soon finds herself involved in volunteer programs, getting a makeover from the local beautician, and working part-time as a model in a clothing store. Due to their acceptance of Bianca, Lars soon finds himself interacting more with people. During this time Margo has begun to date another co-worker, which over time begins to seemingly bother Lars. Lars has a conversation with his brother during which he asks when he knew he had become a man and what being a man means. His brother\'s explanation seems to reach Lars and his dependence on Bianca seems to immediately shift. At work when a co-worker with whom Margo has been playing pranks goes a bit too far, Lars comforts her. During the ensuing conversation, Margo reveals she has broken up with her boyfriend. She invites him to go bowling, to which he responds that he has to take Bianca to a school-board meeting that same evening. He accepts after mentioning that he can drop her off then go to the bowling alley; the two spend a pleasant evening together along with some other townsfolk. During an uncomfortable silence at the evening\'s end Lars is quick to remind Margo he could never cheat on Bianca. Although obviously disappointed, Margo replies that the thought never crossed her mind. As they part ways, Lars takes his glove off to shake Margo\'s hand and they have a moment when their hands are clasped. One morning soon after, Lars announces that Bianca is unresponsive, and she is rushed to the hospital by ambulance. Once there, he tells his family the prognosis is not good and that Bianca would like to be brought home. The news spreads through town, and everyone whose life has been touched by Bianca sends flowers or sits with Lars at the Lindstrom home. Gus and Karin ask Dagmar why this is happening, and she reveals that it is all Lars\'s own doing. They suggest that Lars and Bianca join them for a visit to the lake. While the couple is hiking, Lars kisses Bianca for the first time. As Gus and Karin make their way back from the hike, they discover Lars in the lake with Bianca. Bianca is given a funeral, which all the townspeople attend. After Bianca is buried, Lars and Margo linger at the grave site, and his acceptance of his past has made him a whole man. When Margo states that she should catch up with everyone else, Lars asks her to take a walk, an offer she happily accepts.'] ["Set in 1884, the story focuses on Dolly Gallagher Levi, a widow who supports herself by a variety of means, with matchmaking as her primary source of income. Horace Vandergelder, a wealthy but miserly merchant from Yonkers, New York, has hired her to find him a wife, but unbeknownst to him Dolly is determined to fill the position herself. When he expresses his intent to travel to New York City to woo milliner Irene Molloy, Dolly shows him the photograph of a woman she calls Miss Ernestina Simple and tells him the buxom beauty would be a far better choice for him. Horace agrees to have dinner with Ernestina at the Harmonia Gardens after visiting Irene. Meanwhile, Horace's clerk head Cornelius Hackl convinces his sidekick Barnaby Tucker that they, too, deserve an outing to New York. The two cause cans of tomatoes to explode, spewing their contents about the store, which justifies their closing it for the day and heading to the city.Time review While there, they come across Irene's hat shop and Cornelius is instantly taken to her. The pair are forced to hide however, when Mr. Vandergelder and Dolly arrive. Though Dolly and Irene cover up for them, Mr. Vandergelder still realizes that Irene is hiding people in her shop  and leaves in disgust. Irene furiously demands that Cornelius and Barnaby repay her by taking her and the shop assistant Minnie out to a fancy restaurant for dinner . By total coincidence, Cornelius, Barnaby, Irene, Minnie, Horace, and Dolly all dine at the same restaurant. Horace realizes that Dolly tricked him and that there is no such person as Ernestina Simple. Cornelius worries over how to pay for the meal until a well-meaning diner gives him Mr. Vandergelder's wallet . Over the course of the evening, Irene and Cornelius fall in love as Barnaby falls for Minnie. The two men escape being caught by Mr. Vandergelder by disguising themselves as women and dancing towards the door. Before going, they leave the two women a note confessing who they really are and that they love them. The next day, Irene and Minnie help the two shopkeepers pretend to be setting up a feed store of their own across the street from Mr. Vandergelders. Frightened by the competition, Horace gives them better working hours and wages. Realizing how foolishly he's been acting, he agrees to marry Dolly as well."] ["Mike Windgren works on a boat in Acapulco, Mexico. When the bratty daughter of the boat owner gets him fired, Mike must find new work. A Mexican boy named Raoul helps him get a job as a lifeguard and singer at a local hotel. Clashes abound when Mike runs into a rival lifeguard, who is the champion diver of Mexico. He is angry at Mike for taking some of his hours, and for stealing his woman. However, after Mike sees the lifeguard perform a number dangerous dives including flips and head-first dives into a section of the pool surrounded by a ring of fire, he decides to get even with him and eventually sets himself up to perform a death-defying dive off a 136-foot cliff in front of thousands of people. Mike dives of the cliff, and successfully lands in the water, earning the lifeguard's respect. As the crowd and the lifeguard applaud, Mike performs one more song and leaves with Margarita and Raoul."] ['The story describes an encounter between a Parisian tailor named Maurice Courtelin  and a family of local aristocrats. These include Viscount Gilbert de Varèze , who owes Maurice a large amount of money for tailoring work; Gilbert\'s uncle Duke d\'Artelines , the family patriarch; d\'Artelines\' man-hungry niece Valentine ; and his other 22-year-old niece, Princess Jeanette , who has been a widow for three years. D\'Artelines has been unable to find Jeanette a new husband of suitable age and rank. House hold also includes three aunts and an ineffectual suitor Count de Savignac . Maurice custom-tailors clothing for de Varèze on credit, but the Viscount\'s unpaid tailoring bills become intolerable, so Maurice travels to de Savignac\'s castle to collect the money owed to him. On the way, he has a confrontation with Princess Jeanette. He immediately professes his love for her, but she haughtily rejects him. When Maurice arrives at the castle, Gilbert introduces him as "Baron Courtelin" in order to hide the truth from the Count. Maurice is fearful of this scheme at first, but changes his mind when he sees Jeanette. While staying at the castle, he arouses Valentine\'s desire, charms the rest of the family except for Jeanette, saves a deer\'s life during a hunt, and continues to woo Jeanette. The Count de Savignac discovers that Maurice is a fake, but the Viscount then claims that Maurice is a royal who is traveling incognito for security reasons. Finally, Jeanette succumbs to Maurice\'s charms, telling him "Whoever you are, whatever you are, wherever you are, I love you." When Maurice criticizes Jeanette\'s tailor, the family confronts him for his rudeness, only to catch him and Jeanette alone with Jeanette partially undressed. Maurice explains that he is redesigning Jeanette\'s riding outfit, and he proves this by successfully altering it, but in the process he is forced to reveal his true identity. Despite her earlier promise, Jeanette recoils from him and runs to her room on hearing that he is a commoner. The entire household is outraged, and Maurice leaves. However, as a train carries him back to Paris, Jeanette struggles with her fears, finally realizes her mistake, and catches up to the train on horseback. When the engineer refuses to stop the train, she rides ahead and stands on the track. The train stops, Maurice jumps out, and the two lovers embrace as steam from the train envelops them.'] ["Molly Kelly  intends to marry a millionaire. When she meets Andy Charles, Jr. , heir to a restaurant fortune, she sees her chance and marries him. Upon discovering the marriage, Andy's father  becomes irate and disinherits his son. Andy attempts life as a ditch-digger to support his wife, but the results are not what he had hoped for."] ["The opening scene presents Terry and her daughters, with Denny, attending a funeral. About three years earlier, a flashback reveals, Terry had told her daughters that she thought their father, Grey, had left the family to be with his former secretary in Sweden. After sharing the news with neighbor Denny, a retired baseball player turned radio talkshow host and fellow alcoholic, Terry progressively grows close to the man, with whom she eventually begins an intimate relationship. Keen to help where he can, Denny helps Andy, one of Terry's daughters, to become a production assistant at the radio station where he works, where she meets and starts a relationship with Shep, Denny's producer, a questionable character in his 40s. Meanwhile Popeye, who is attending a private high school, finds herself attracted to a classmate, whose attention she fails to grab even after clearly declaring her interest to him . Emily's original wishes to attend a performing arts school to study dancing are superseded by her mother's request that she pursue university studies, which she starts at University of Michigan at Ann Arbor. Hadley, for her part, announces immediately following her graduation that she is engaged to her boyfriend of three years, and pregnant. When young Popeye asks Denny what his long-term intentions are concerning his relationship with her mother, Denny decides to broach the subject with Terry, only to be confronted by anger and accusations that he is trying to push her into a marriage for which she feels unready. Weary and tired of Terry's ever-shifting moods, Denny storms out of her house; the separation is only temporary, though, as the two reconcile a short while later. When a real estate deal involving both Denny and Terry finally goes through, construction begins in the area surrounding their homes and, when a worker accidentally uncovers a well, Grey Wolfmeyer's body is found, revealing in fact that he had never abandoned his family. Rather, he had accidentally fallen in the well and drowned. As the story returns to the initial scene, the Wolfmeyers and Denny, now part of the family, leave Grey's funeral to reveal that Terry, while saddened and grieving, is coming to terms with her own and her daughters' life choices and, finally, finding some inner peace."] ['Juwanna Mann follows the story of Jamal Jeffries , a basketball star whose undisciplined on-and-off-court antics have earned him a bad reputation in the basketball community. Jamal is suspended indefinitely after he strips naked in protest of being taken out of a game. His agent, Lorne Daniels , is unsuccessful at finding him a new team, and cuts Jamal as a client. Jamal out of work, and lacking any other sort of skills, decides to dress up as a woman named "Juwanna Mann" to play for the Charlotte Banshees of the WUBA . Jamal quickly becomes a star on the court, and his overall attitude changes drastically as well. He learns to play with a team rather than just himself. While becoming successful with the Banshees, Jamal also finds himself in a problematic relationship with his teammate Michelle , whom he has romantic feelings for but cannot act on because Michelle knows him only as her confidante, Juwanna. However, his cover is blown in a playoff game when Jamal decides to dunk the ball and shatters the backboard. In all the excitement Jamal loses his wig revealing that he is in fact Jamal Jeffries. The movie ends with Jamal Jeffries being reinstated into the UBA  thanks to the support of his former WUBA teammates, who vouch for him. Michelle gives him a championship ring and a kiss.'] ['Daniel Miller , a Los Angeles advertising executive, dies in a car accident on his birthday and is sent to the afterlife. He arrives in Judgment City, a purgatory-like waiting area populated by the recently-deceased of the western half of the United States, where he is to undergo the process of having his fear-based life on earth judged. Daniel and the rest of the recently-deceased are offered many Earth-like amenities and activities in the city while they undergo their judgment processes—from all-you-can-eat restaurants , to bowling alleys and comedy clubs. As his defense attorney, Bob Diamond , explains to Daniel, people from Earth use so little of their brains  that they spend most of their lives functioning on the basis of their fears. "When you use more than 5% of your brain, you don\'t want to be on Earth, believe me," says Diamond. If the Judgement court determines that Daniel has conquered his fears, he will be sent on to the next phase of existence, where he will be able to use more of his brain and thus be able to experience more of what the universe has to offer. Otherwise, his soul will be reincarnated on Earth to live another life in another attempt at moving past his fears. In the process, he may advance up the universe\'s proverbial food chain. Daniel\'s judgment process is presided over by two judges . Diamond argues that Daniel should move onto the next phase. His formidable opponent is Lena Foster , who Diamond informs Daniel is known as "the Dragon Lady." Each utilizes video-like footage from selected days in the defendants\' lives, shown to the judges to illustrate their case. During the procedure, Daniel meets and falls in love with Julia , a woman who lived a seemingly perfect life of courage and generosity, especially compared to his. The proceedings do not go well for Daniel. Foster shows a series of episodes in which Daniel did not overcome his fears, as well as various other bad decisions and mishaps. The final nail in his coffin, it seems, is when Foster, on the last day of arguments, plays footage of his previous night with Julia, in which he declines to sleep with her, for what Foster believes is his same fear and lack of courage. It is ruled that Daniel will return to Earth. Meanwhile, Julia is judged worthy to move on. Before saying goodbye Diamond comforts Daniel with the knowledge that the court is not infallible and just because Foster won it doesn\'t mean she\'s right. Daniel remains disappointed. Daniel finds himself strapped to a seat on a tram poised to return to Earth, when he spots Julia on a different tram. On a spur-of-the-moment impulse he unstraps himself, escapes from the moving tram, and risks electrocution and injury to get to Julia. Although he cannot enter her tram at first, the entire event is being monitored by Diamond , who convince the judges that this last-minute display of courage has earned Daniel the right to move on. The judges agree and open the doors on Julia’s tram, allowing Daniel in, reuniting him with Julia and allowing them both to move on to their next phases of existence together.'] ['In the early 1960s, Bobby Fantana , a young greaser-type rebel, challenges Joe Barnes  to a game of chicken for making a pass at his girlfriend Emily . Bobby wins the race easily when Joe dives out of his car, but Bobby is unable to get out of the car in time due to his bracelet getting caught on the gearshift. He dies as his car plummets over the cliff into a fiery wreck. Bobby awakens to find himself on a surreal trip aboard a speeding train vessel. The train stops at a station housing a huge escalator going up into a bright white light, which one of the attendants refers to as "Uptown". Bobby is denied entry, and his new spirit guide Rafferty  appears and explains that he isn\'t considered ready yet and needs to carry out an assignment in order to earn his ticket Uptown. After many years in limbo Bobby is finally given his assignment - he is to return to Earth and act as a guardian angel and friend for nerdy Lenny Barnes , a promising high school student who is constantly picked on in school, particularly by school bullies Fred Gallo ([[Stephen Gregory  and Bill McIntyre . However, Bobby is instructed that he is only allowed to reveal himself to Lenny and nobody else. Bobby helps Lenny by giving him a makeover, assisting him in dealing with Fred and Bill, and helping him win the affection of the hottest girl in school, Sharon . However, Bobby eventually realizes that the new lifestyle Lenny is leading is not noble, as it causes him to rebel against everyone, including his parents. Bobby soon realizes that Lenny\'s mother is Emily, his former girlfriend, and is married to Joe, the man he died racing against. Bobby breaks the Uptown rules and reveals himself to Emily to confess his love for her, and Emily informs him that he is actually Lenny\'s father. In a scene reminiscent of the opening sequence, Lenny is challenged to a chicken race at the local quarry by Fred, Sharon\'s former boyfriend. Having been told by Rafferty that Lenny will die just as Bobby did earlier, Bobby offers to trade his own chance to move Uptown  to save Lenny\'s life. Much like Bobby\'s car race, the race ends with Lenny and Bobby flying over the edge of a cliff, and the car exploding in a fiery wreck. However, Bobby prevents Lenny from dying, and they climb up the cliff together. Bobby helps Lenny see the error of his ways as Lenny reunites with his long-time friend Melissa , who was in love with him and by his side even during his "nerdy years". When Bobby offers himself to Rafferty to fulfill his end of the bargain by accepting a ride "Downtown" , Rafferty explains that this will not be happening. Bobby incredulously asks why, as he had made a deal to trade his own soul for Lenny\'s second chance at life. Rafferty explains to Bobby that he had learned to love and value someone more than himself, and that is how one earned a ticket Uptown. Lenny and his girlfriend then watch Bobby and Rafferty fly into the sky on a motorbike. The movie ends with Bobby going on the escalator to Uptown.'] ['A man named Tripp is caught in the middle of two simultaneous robberies at a bank. One crew is more professional, the other crew consists of two men who call themselves Peanut Butter and Jelly. Tripp desperately tries to protect teller Kaitlin with whom he secretly falls in love. When a man is found murdered, the two crews deny any involvement, which causes Tripp to believe they are all getting ambushed by a higher power. Both crews, Tripp, and the hostages all try to stay alive on their own terms.'] ["Because she married a circus performer, Judge Foster  casts out his only daughter. Just before her death a few years later, she leaves her little girl Sally in the care of her friend McGargle , a good-natured crook, juggler and faker. Sally  grows up in this atmosphere and is unaware of her parentage. McGargle, realizing his responsibility to the child, gets a job with a carnival company playing at Great Meadows, where the Fosters live. A real estate boom has made them wealthy. Sally is a hit with her dancing. Peyton , the son of Judge Foster's friend, falls in love with Sally. To save him, the Judge arranges to have McGargle and Sally arrested. McGargle escapes, but Sally is hunted down and brought back. McGargle, hearing of Sally's plight, steals a Flivver, and after many delays, reaches the courtroom and presents proof of Sally's parentage. The Judge dismisses the case and his wife takes Sally in her arms, but Peyton's claim is stronger and she agrees to become his wife. McGargle is persuaded to remain and is found an outlet for his peculiar talents in selling real estate."] ['A social-issue comedy about the romantic lives of a middle-class couple. Their relationship is followed through their wedding, break-up and reconciliation.Synopsis from {{cite web}}'] ['A wealthy but crude businessman, Harry Brock, on a trip to the nation\'s capital, is socially embarrassed by his ditzy blonde girlfriend, Billie Dawn. He hires a reporter, Paul Verrall, to "teach her the ropes." Harry comes to regret it when Billie not only becomes more savvy, questioning his unscrupulous deals and refusing to cooperate in ways she normally would, but also falls in love with Paul.'] ['No Reservations is a remake of a German film made in 2001, called "Mostly Martha." Kate Armstrong  is the head chef at the trendy 22 Bleecker Street Restaurant in Manhattan, New York. She runs her kitchen at a rapid pace as she coordinates the making and preparation of all the fantastic meals, and personally displays the food to perfection on every dish. She intimidates everyone around her, including her boss Paula , who sends her to therapy. Kate hates to leave the kitchen when a customer wants to compliment her on one of her special dishes, however she is ready to leave the kitchen in an instant when a customer insults her cooking. When Kate\'s sister is killed in a car accident, her nine-year old niece, Zoe , must move in with her. Kate is devastated by her sister\'s death and with all of her problems, Paula decides to hire a new sous chef to join the staff, Nick Palmer , who is a rising star in his own right and could be the head chef of any restaurant he pleased. Nick, however, wants to work under Kate. The atmosphere in the kitchen is somewhat chaotic as Kate feels increasingly threatened by Nick as time went on due to his style of running her kitchen. Nick loves to listen to opera while he cooks and he loves to make the staff laugh. And Kate finds herself strangely attracted to Nick, whose uplifting personality has not only affected her staff but Zoe as well, who has been coming to work with Kate. With all that is happening in Kate\'s life, the last thing she would want is to fall in love with this man, as she has pushed away all others prior. However, there is some kind of chemistry between the two of them that only flourishes with their passion for cooking. Yet life hits her hard when Paula decides to offer Nick the job of head chef and Kate\'s relationship with Nick turns a sour note due to Kate\'s pride. In the end, Kate allows herself to become vulnerable and tear down the walls she has built throughout her life so that she and Nick could start fresh. The movie concludes with Zoe, Nick and Kate having opened their own bistro.'] ['Billy Madison , a 27-year-old heir to a wealthy father, has spent his entire life reaping the benefits of his family\'s hotel chain, Madison Hotels, a Fortune 500 company. He spends his days drinking with best friends, Jack  and Frank , and creating disasters across his father\'s estate. One day, Billy ruins a dinner meeting between his father, Brian , and his associates by behaving obnoxiously after being provoked by Eric Gordon , Brian\'s executive vice president who openly expresses his hatred towards Billy and secretly harbors hatred towards Brian as well and impatiently waits to become Brian\'s succsessor as head of Madison Hotels. This prompts Brian to lose any remaining faith in Billy, as he chooses the conniving Eric to become the next CEO of the company. When Billy, who also despises Eric, protests that he can be responsible, Brian reveals that he secretly bribed all of Billy\'s school teachers in order for him to pass. Billy begs his father to reconsider his decision. The two finally come to a compromise: Billy must pass elementary, middle, and high school  on his own within the course of twenty-four weeks , in order to prove his competence. Shortly after enrolling into school, Billy becomes attracted to a third grade teacher named Veronica Vaughn , who initially is disgusted with Billy and finds his enrollment to be a distraction for the other students. He eventually finds himself as one of Veronica\'s students and earns her respect by defending Ernie , his friend and classmate. Billy becomes popular among the third graders and begins to miss them as he advances through school. When Billy reaches ninth grade, he finds that rather than being the cool guy that everyone looks up to, he is now considered a loser; realizing how it feels to be on the receiving end of bullying, he calls up an old classmate, Danny McGrath , and apologizes for the way he treated him in high school. Danny accepts his apology, and crosses his name off a list of people to kill. Billy\'s progress frustrates and alarms Eric, leading him to take the offensive while Billy struggles in high school. He visits Billy\'s grade school principal, Max Anderson , and threatens to reveal his past as a professional wrestler that is filled with controversial incidents, especially a particular one back in 1983, when Max accidentally caused the death of another man while performing a stunt. Coerced, Max publicly states he took bribes from Billy in return for passing him. The announcement angers Brian who chooses to give the hotel chain to Eric. Billy becomes distraught and reverts to his original care-free lifestyle. Veronica and others come to Billy\'s aid, convincing him to keep fighting Eric. His grade school friends helps Billy\'s plight by visiting Max at his home and convincing him to retract his previous statements. With Billy\'s name cleared, Brian and Carl Alphonse , a loyal, long-time employee of Madison Hotels, argue to Eric that Billy deserves another chance, but Eric disagrees and finally shows his true colors by disrespecting Brian in front of the group and threatens to file a lawsuit. Billy challenges Eric to an academic decathlon that will determine his father\'s successor. Although both men excel in different activities, Billy manages to take a single-point lead before the contest\'s final event, a Jeopardy!-style academic test. Eric chooses "reflections of society in literature" as Billy\'s topic. Billy uses a book that was read to him in the first grade to answer the question, but the judge calls his answer "insanely idiotic" and gives Billy no points for his answer. With scores still the same, Eric is given the chance to answer and potentially win. However, Billy chooses a question for Eric about "business ethics", which ironically Eric knows nothing about and breaks down because he can\'t give an answer. Refusing to admit defeat, he brandishes a gun at Billy. Max, clad in his wrestling outfit, subdues Eric. The attack fails to keep Eric down and laughing maniacally, he makes a final attempt to get revenge on Billy by turning his gun on Veronica. Suddenly, Danny McGrath appears with a high-powered rifle and defeats Eric by firing a single shot into his buttocks. Danny and Billy share a quick wave, before he departs. At Billy\'s graduation, he announces that he is passing the hotel business down to Carl and will instead attend college with hopes of becoming a teacher. He and Veronica share a kiss and the film ends.'] ["Long Island housewife Lucy Chadman in the midst of a tarot card reading by her occult sister, Zelda. Just as Zelda exclaims something is going to happen, Lucy begins to choke to death on a South Korean Chicken Ball. The film shows the difficulty of Lucy's loved ones, including Zelda had in coping with her death. But the grief turns to excitement when Zelda receives a book of spells called The Wisdom of Catagonia. Within the book Zelda finds a spell that requires perfect astronomical timing--the moon, the earth, and the dog star must form a perfect isosceles triangle. Zelda performs the spell and Lucy appears. Lucy begins to reacquaint herself with living and with her family who are shocked to see her alive again, one year later, and soon discovers that she cannot simply pick her life back up where she left off. She returns to find her widower husband has married her greedy and double-crossing friend from college. Her son, meanwhile, has opened his own successful restaurant and married, instead of going to Columbia. When she returns to the hospital at which she died, the emergency room doctor who tried to revive her begins to fall for her. Zelda confides in the doctor that if Lucy does not find love by the next full moon, she will have to go back to the spirit world. He does not believe her. Eventually the press finds out that Lucy came back from the dead, and plague her, her family, and the hospital the ER doctor works at. Her college friend becomes jealous of her media attention and the attention Lucy is getting from Mr. Chadman. She holds a news conference of her own and tells the media Lucy made the whole thing up--claiming that Lucy used tetrodotoxin as a means to fake her own death. Lucy does not defend herself, as she sees this as an opportunity to rid herself and her friends of the media. Instead, the doctor gets fired, her sister's occult store is vandalized and she is hated by almost everyone, except her family. She decides to end the debacle once and for all by tricking her college friend into admitting she lied about Lucy faking her death in front of the media at a party the hospital is having. Lucy, the doctor, and her family walk away happily. As the credits roll we see that Lucy and Zelda each have children with their new loves."] ['The film opens five years before the present day, showing the Fourth of July celebration at the American consulate in Dubai, where Ray Koval , an MI6 agent, appears to seduce Claire Stenwick , who, unbeknownst to him, is a CIA agent. Claire drugs Ray and steals classified documents from him. The scene cuts to a silent, slow motion brawl on the tarmac between Howard Tully , the CEO of Burkett & Randle, and Dick Garsik , the CEO of Equikrom, illustrating the longstanding rivalry between the two executives. In the present day, Ray is now a corporate spy in New York City who recently went to work for Equikrom. At a meet, he spots Claire and thinks the mission is blown. Ray follows her and confronts her about the incident in Dubai. Claire puts on an innocent act, pretending she has never met Ray, until they both realize they were supposed to meet. Claire has been working undercover for Equikrom at Burkett & Randle for the past 14 months, and Ray is to be her new handler. At Burkett & Randle a major development is underfoot, and Tully makes a speech that paints them as innovators defending themselves from duplicity and theft. At Equikrom, Garsik obtains a copy of the speech through Claire and plots to steal whatever Burkett & Randle has developed. The scene cuts to two years earlier in Rome, where we see Ray and Claire again meeting for the "first" time since Dubai, replaying the same dialog as in NYC. The audience learns that Ray and Claire did not meet at Equikrom by chance--they plan to cheat both companies and sell a corporate secret to the highest bidder. However, neither still completely trusts the other, nor knows who is playing whom. The team at Equikrom believes Ronny Partiz , a child prodigy turned genius, might be responsible for Burkett & Randle\'s new product. Ray and Boris Fetyov  stake out Partiz at a casino in the Bahamas, where Claire and Jeff Bauer ([[Thomas McCarthy  from Burkett & Randle foil their plans by planting evidence of them cheating the casino. In return, Tully at Burkett & Randle thanks Claire for successfully defending the company\'s new product, revealing it to be a cure for baldness. When Bauer is later caught attempting to steal the formula and Claire is left guarding him and the formula by herself, she uses one of the rigged photocopiers at Burkett & Randle to transfer it to Equikrom. Back at Equikrom, Claire accuses Ray of stealing the formula for himself. He is searched and exposed when it is found. Claire waits at the Zürich airport in Switzerland and when Ray arrives, it is revealed that Claire and Ray were only putting on an act at Equikrom. Each pretends at first they don\'t have the formula and then Claire confesses she loves Ray and says they are each the only one who can ever understand the other. Claire proposes they each reveal what they have on the count of three but Ray says he loves Claire back by saying first that he had another copy of the formula. Claire admits that she had it too, creating real trust for the first time. Ray and Claire attempt to sell the formula to a Swiss company for $35 million. Meanwhile, Garsik tells his shareholders that they are in the final stages of testing for a product that cures baldness. The Swiss, however, say the formula is a fraud. The scene cuts to ten days earlier, where Claire and Ray were practicing the act they would present when it was revealed that Ray would be Claire\'s handler. Unbeknownst to them, there was a hidden microphone in their room monitoring them. From the beginning, Claire and Ray were being played by Tully and his people. Pam Frailes  from Equikrom was really working for Burkett & Randle all along, Partiz was used as the bait, Bauer staged stealing the formula, and the formula never existed at all. It was all a trick to get Garsik to announce he had a revolutionary product, which was in fact just a regular skin cream, and which would ruin Garsik and Equikrom. The film ends with Ray and Claire realizing they have been played by Tully.'] ['In trendy Marin County, California during a year in the 1970s, uptight Harvey Holroyd is losing patience fast. On one hand, his wife Kate and her friends are thoroughly caught up in new age consciousness-raising and psychobabble. On the other hand, his rebellious teenage daughter Joanie is about to join a cult. Harvey’s best friend Sam, meanwhile, is having marital troubles, and Harvey is trying to land a higher-paying job with his corporate recruiter Luckman. As marital problems persist, Kate and Harvey separate. Each becomes sexually involved with someone else, albeit rather awkwardly. Harvey tries to avoid the advances of his newly hired secretary, Stella, who lures him to an orgy, but he does begin seeing Marlene, a free-spirited, 19-year-old, strictly vegetarian supermarket cashier. Kate links up with Paco, a bisexual Argentinian aspiring to be an artist, whose profession for now is to trim her dog\'s hair. Being unhappy at home, Joanie is lured by "concerned" members of a flower-peddling cult. She goes voluntarily at first and finds peace and tranquility there, but eventually finds herself virtually imprisoned in their house in the big city. Harvey and Kate manage to patch up their differences for Joanie’s sake. By means of a little blackmail that ensues from a surprise revelation involving Luckman, a gay motorcycle gang joins forces with Harvey to rescue Joanie. Thus, the Holroyds are reunited and prepare for Harvey’s new job in Denver.'] ['Nick Marshall, a Chicago advertising executive and alpha male, who grew up with his Las Vegas showgirl mother, is a chauvinist. He is skilled at selling to men and seducing women, including local coffee attendant Lola. However, just as he thinks he\'s headed for a promotion, his manager, Dan, informs him that he is hiring the talents of Darcy McGuire instead, to broaden the firm\'s appeal to women. Also, his estranged 15-year-old daughter Alex is spending two weeks with him while his ex-wife Gigi goes on her honeymoon with her new husband. Alex is embarrassed by Nick, and resents his being protective when he meets her boyfriend. Needing to prove himself to Darcy and Dan, Nick attempts to think of copy for a series of feminine products that Darcy distributed at the day\'s staff meeting. However he slips and falls into his bathtub while holding an electric hairdryer, shocking himself. The next day, Nick wakes up able to understand his maid\'s thoughts as she cleans his apartment. As he walks through a park and encounters numerous women, he realizes that he can hear their thoughts, even those of a female poodle. This proves to be an epiphany for him when he hears the thoughts of his female co-workers . When he goes to a previous therapist, Dr. Perkins , she realizes his gift: "If Men are from Mars and Women are from Venus, and you can speak Venutian, the world can be yours." Nick eavesdrops on women\'s thoughts and uses their ideas as his own, but also begin to develop real friendships with his co-workers. But as he spends more time with Darcy, he is attracted to her. However when he tries to get closer to his daughter, she resents him for trying after so many years of neglect. Nick shrewdly suspects that her boyfriend, who is considerably older than Alex, plans to sleep with her and then dump her, but she does not want Nick\'s advice. Nick and Darcy begin to spend more time together, and ultimately they kiss. When he manages to trump Darcy out of her idea for a new Nike ad campaign aimed at women, he later regrets his selfishness, especially as it leads to her being fired. Nick loses his gift during a storm while trying to find a company secretary, Erin, who  is contemplating suicide. He is also reconciled with his daughter when her boyfriend rejects her. Nick finally visits Darcy and explains everything. She regains her job and Nick gets fired. But she forgives him, and agrees to save him from himself, to which he responds "My hero".'] ['During the opening credits Robert Goulet and Andy Williams perform a duet "I\'d Rather Be Rich". We first meet Cynthia Dulaine [Sandra Dee] sitting at a nightclub table while Warren Palmer [Andy Williams] croons to her "It Had To Be You". Suddenly, Cynthia is called away to her dying grandfather\'s bedside. Philip Dulaine [Maurice Chevalier] is the founder and CEO of Dulaine Enterprises and Cynthia is his closest surviving relative and heir. He tells her that his dying wish is for her to find the right man to marry. She\'s happy to tell him of the "kind, considerate and handsome" Warren Palmer whom Philip has never met and whom she has recently become engaged. Philip asks to meet Warren as soon as possible for the end seems close at hand. Stuck in Boston because of airport difficulties, Warren is unable to be with Cynthia. Realizing that Philip will die a happier man if he can meet her fiancé, Cynthia approaches a stranger and asks if he would pose as Warren for an introduction to her grandfather. This man is Paul Benton [Robert Goulet], who has invented a heat-proof paint and desperately wants an audience with Philip Dulaine whose company has a contract with NASA. So, Benton agrees and the ruse is pulled off very successfully with Philip favorably impressed by the young man he believes to be Cynthia\'s fiancé. Especially after Philip makes the two kiss and sees Cynthia kick off her shoes just as her grandmother always did when Philip and she would kiss. Philip tells the "couple" that Dulaine Enterprises is in danger of a hostile take-over and implores Cynthia to meet with the board to try to save the company. He insists against her protest that she take her "fiancé" along. The meeting at first proves disastrous for Cynthia until Benton announces that Cynthia will put her own money into the company. This satisfies the board, but Cynthia later tells Benton she is outraged with him for offering up her money without checking with her first. However, she does help him by sending him off on an interview with the best person at the company to help get his paint invention tested by NASA. Meanwhile, back at the Dulaine mansion and unbeknown to Cynthia, Philip has unexpectedly recovered and feels as healthy as ever. Throughout the rest of the film, he and his nurse [Hermione Gingold] perform a comical cat and mouse game - she trying to stop him from smoking the many cigars he has hidden around the mansion. Philip learns of Benton\'s success with the board and now surely approves of his granddaughter\'s choice in a fiancé. But then Philip learns all about the ruse when he overhears Cynthia tell Benton that his presence is no longer required since the real Warren Palmer is arriving that afternoon. Because Philip likes Paul Benton so much and thinks he is the right man for his granddaughter, he continues to pretend to be at death\'s door. Whenever Cynthia tries to tell him who her real fiancé is, he coughs and feigns a weak heart making her afraid to shock him in any way. This makes it necessary for Benton to stick around and Philip uses the situation to his advantage - playing matchmaker in an attempt to ensure his granddaughter\'s happiness. After all, Philip is certain Benton spells true love for Cynthia since she cannot keep her shoes on whenever they are together. Later that afternoon, the real Warren Palmer arrives at the Dulaine mansion and is reluctantly forced to pose as Paul Benton. Meanwhile, Benton realizes he\'s fallen for Cynthia, so he manages to hamper some late night amorous activity between the engaged couple and also boobie-traps a romantic getaway they go off on together. In the car on the way over, Palmer serenades Cynthia with the song "We\'re Almost There". But their rendezvous is sabotaged by the jealous Benton and they are forced to return early. Philip sends Cynthia and Benton to attend a shareholders\' dinner dance, a scheme to have them spend more time together. They have a very enjoyable evening, until it ends up with the two rivals for Cynthia\'s affection fist fighting on the mansion\'s lawn. Finally Philip tells Cynthia that he is no longer dying and that her recent foot problems, just like her grandmother\'s condition, signifies which of the two men she truly loves. After a few more comedic scenes, Cynthia breaks off her engagement with Warren Palmer and winds up with Paul Benton.'] ["Sabah is a 40-year-old single immigrant from Syria living in Toronto with her family. She is responsible for her mother's well-being. Since her father's death, her brother Majid has been the family authority figure. His niece, Souhaire, does not want him choosing her husband. His marriage is rocky, and he insists on tradition. Sabah decides to start swimming again; an activity not allowed by Majid. At a city swimming pool she meets Stephen; they're attracted to each other. Because he's not a Muslim, Sabah hides their friendship from her family. With passage of time, their relationship gets deep and at one point they share a kiss. Sabah's niece teaches her belly dancing which Sabah enjoys. One day, while visiting Stephen at his carpenter workshop, she decides to stay overnight with him. Informing her mother that she won't be back that night, she dances and has sex with him. The next day, as she returns home, she faces her mother, brother, sister, sister-in-law and niece who are anxiously waiting for her. After some hesitation, she tells them the truth about her doings in the last few months. Majid responds by announcing that Sabah is no longer a part of the family, as Muslim traditions forbid marriage for Muslim women to non-Muslims. Sabah leaves and Majid decides to take care of their mother. At Stephen's workshop, Sabah is met by her mother, sister and sister-in-law who insist that she speak to Majid. Majid tells her that the money their father left had run out eight years ago and he is supporting the family himself. Eventually both agree that the family must change. The women of the family are impressed by Stephen and his deep blue eyes. The film ends with a feast at Sabah's family home. Stephen is mingling with his in-laws and everyone is having a good time."] ['Single, ambitious, magazine assistant editor Jane Grant has just received an invitation to her younger cousin\'s wedding, and it\'s engraved with two words: "plus guest." Come wedding day, Jane had better deliver. After all, she\'s already told everyone, including her meddlesome and obnoxious Aunt Ina and now-famous high school nemesis Natasha Nutley, that she\'s in a serious relationship. Now, Jane has two months to find a guy to fit the lie, complete the guest list, and save face. If the series of miserable set-ups orchestrated by her well-meaning best friends Eloise and Amanda are any indication, Jane\'s in for big trouble. From first date to blind date, from double date to last date, the match game is on-and with millions of men to pick from, Jane is sure to find Mr. Right, right?'] ["Danny and Bernie are two single men who live in Chicago. When Danny meets Debbie at Mother's, a bar in the Chicago Gold Coast, the two start a relationship from a one-night stand. The film follows the couple for the first year of their relationship: their meeting after a softball game, her moving in with him, mutual friction at Thanksgiving, their breakup on New Year's Eve, his apology and declaration of love on St. Patrick's Day, and their reconciliation at a softball game."] ["Marcus Boyd  has recently graduated from Columbia Medical School and is headed to Laos for a year to work with Doctors Without Borders. Unbeknownst to their respective parents, Marcus and his fiance Lucia  have been living together and would like to get married before they both head off to Laos. Meanwhile, in Los Angeles, Marcus' father Brad  is coming out of a meeting when he sees his car being towed by Miguel , who happens to be Lucia's father. Brad tries unsuccessfully to halt the tow by holding on to the door of his car. Both Miguel and Brad hurl various racially-based insults at one another. Brad and Miguel meet later that evening and discover that they will soon be in-laws. Both Marcus' and Lucia's family try to out do one another to make the wedding more African-American or Mexican-American, with comedic results. Lucia has also not told her parents that she recently dropped out of Columbia Law School to volunteer teach at a charter school catering to recent immigrants. This leads Miguel to believe that she will be supporting Marcus as he volunteers as a doctor without pay. When Miguel tells Marcus that he disapproves of him living off, Lucia says nothing. Marcus feels abandoned and ultimately calls off the wedding. Lucia's sister Isabel  makes Lucia and the rest of the family realize that Marcus makes Lucia happy and that race should not matter. Lucia goes to Marcus, they reconcile, and they end up having a wedding that embraces both African and Mexican customs."] ['Jeff Peters  is an emotionally repressed scientist who can\'t stand others because of their intellectual inferiority. He dreams of deep space exploration, which would be difficult because of the lack of human contact for long periods of time. He develops the Ulysses android  for the purpose of space exploration, since an android would not be affected by the isolation. Frankie Stone  is hired to do public relations for the project. As a part of her job, she must get to know the android better, in order to "humanize" him for the benefit of the project\'s sponsors in Congress. However, in his interaction with her, the android develops emotions and develops better social skills than the scientist himself. At one point he impersonates Jeff in order to leave the laboratory, and stows away in Frankie\'s car. After escaping he encounters human society at a shopping mall, buys a tuxedo, goes on a date with a woman who thinks he is Jeff, reducing her to an emotional wreck, and then loses his head  over Frankie\'s best friend Trish  who has taken refuge in Frankie\'s apartment after walking out on her husband. Frankie also develops feelings for the android and befriends Jeff on a lesser level. Frankie\'s mother,  having seen Ulysses, assumes he is Frankie\'s boyfriend and expects Frankie to bring him to the wedding of Frankie\'s sister. Frankie persuades Jeff to impersonate Ulysses, but Ulysses again absconds from the lab and gate-crashes the wedding. While dancing Ulysses short-circuits and crashes into the swimming pool, turning the occasion into a public relations disaster. Frankie is fired from her job and forbidden contact with Ulysses or anyone on the project. She attempts to say goodbye on launch day by using her connections with a former client and boyfriend, a candidate for Congress, but she only sees Ulysses during his farewell speech, in which he bemoans the tendency of humans and their tragic emotional relationships. Eventually, it becomes clear that Ulysses\' final speech was actually made by Jeff, who has realized he cannot deal with people. Due to his lack of social skills, Jeff realizes that the lack of human contact will not be a hardship for him. Jeff decided to go into space while the android takes his place on Earth so Ulysses and Frankie  can be together.'] ['When two star-crossed lovers, set on eloping, are forced into having a big wedding, the bride develops a plan of her own. Unfortunately, the groom is not privy to the plan. Meanwhile, family and friends start to take sides at a reception for a wedding that never took place.http://othervenicefilmfest.com/program/sun10el.html'] ["Olivier  is a small-time crook. He and a friend happen to meet a woman, Ariane  whose plumbing needs to be fixed. They fix the pipes and learn that the landlord downstairs is away. They take the opportunity to burgle him. However they discover that in fact downstairs Ariane has a torture chamber—she is a professional dominatrix. At Ariane's request, Olivier assists her with her work and slowly becomes obsessed with her, but struggles with her sado-masochistic activities. Olivier tries to understand and take control of Ariane, whom he believes frightened in her job; however, as their love blossoms, their natural roles of dominant and submissive cannot be overcome."] ["My Name Is Anthony Gonsalves starts with a gangster and killer, Sikander , murdering someone with his gang; they bury him and flee. Then the story line drops to a young man, Anthony Gonsalves , who accepts Sikander for his father, guru, everything, since Sikander adopted Anthony when he was a young child living on the streets. He didn't exactly adopt him, since he says that his real father is the town priest . Anthony's big dream is to become a famous and wealthy actor and be as kind as Sikander&mdash;he doesn't know that Sikander is a murderer. Sikander never told him because he wanted Anthony to be a kind and nice gentleman, unlike himself. Anthony has big dreams, like living with high society peoples, meeting his idols, Priyanka Chopra, etc. One day when Anthony is practicing film dialogues with a couple of street gangsters, he meets Riya , a woman who has no more family, is an orphan, who lives a middle-class lifestyle in Mumbai and works as an assistant director for a movie producer, Bharucha . Anthony introduces himself as the son of Jeffrey, who died in 1986, and works as a waiter in Jimmy's Pub, Bandra. She meets him again in the studios when he comes to audition for the part of Mark Anthony in a re-make of Shakespeare's Julius Caesar. Both are attracted to each other and continue to meet. Little does Riya know that Anthony has lied to her, as he never had a father by the name of Jeffrey. When he gets the role of Mark Anthony, he goes to tell Sikander and he sees him murdering a person. Anthony now knows the true side of Sikander. Anthony doesn't tell, but somehow how police inspector Khan  finds out and goes to alert for Sikander, for which he needs the help of Anthony. He gets Anthony on his side, but Anthony is a man on his word and blames all the murders on Sikander's boss . To make it look real, Anthony does fake stunts, like blowing Murtaza's factory up and acting dead. In the climax, Anthony, Sikander, and the priest who raised Anthony, get together to kill Sikander's boss; that's when the police enter. Sikander gets arrested. Anthony marries Riya and becomes a big hero, a superstar, and his dreams come true."] ['Mary Ann "Pookie" Adams  is an oddball, quirky teenager who meets Jerry Payne  while waiting for a bus heading to their colleges, which are near each other, where they have enrolled as freshmen. Jerry immediately sees that Pookie is different, even strange. She lies to a nun on the bus so the nun will switch seats with her. Jerry is beginning to settle into college life with his roommate  when Pookie shows up one Saturday morning out of the blue. They spend much time together over the weekend, and before long are seeing each other regularly. Jerry slowly falls in love with Pookie, but soon their different personality types pull them apart. They began having sex, and not long after Pookie tells Jerry she might be pregnant. After the pregnancy scare is over, Jerry wants to spend spring break alone to catch up on his studies. Pookie begs and pleads to stay with him, and he relents. The week alone with Pookie makes Jerry realize they need time apart, and he tells Pookie this. He discovers she has left college, and he finds her in the same boarding house where she had stayed on the first day she came to visit. He puts her on a bus for home, and the young lovers part.'] ['Emma Allen  and Olivia \'Liv\' Lerner  are best friends who have planned every detail of their weddings, since first witnessing a wedding 20 years ago at the Plaza Hotel. Therefore, they both have made it a lifetime priority to be married in the same location in June. The movie begins with the two women getting engaged at the age of 26. They then schedule their weddings with New York\'s most famous wedding planner, Marion St. Claire , but due to a clerical error they are scheduled to have a wedding on the same day, June 6 . A week of passive aggressive hostility passes before the two women make it clear that neither will compromise, especially after the headstrong Liv hopes that Emma\'s passive nature would end their wait of who will surrender their date. During this time, Emma\'s fiancé, Fletcher , begins to show signs of being controlling. Eventually, the two women declared war after a slight misunderstanding that Liv already set her wedding date, outraging Emma and pushes her to set her date as well, which Liv becomes aware of at their shared shower party. The two exchanged threats and insults in front of their closest friends who decided not to take sides. Both women attempt to sabotage each other\'s wedding, including Liv making Emma\'s tan turn bright orange, Emma tampering with Liv\'s hair dye to turn Liv\'s hair a shocking blue-white colour, Liv changing Emma\'s dance instructor, Emma showing up to Liv\'s bachelorette party to out-dance her, Liv registering Emma on Toys-R-Us as pregnant, and Emma secretly sending Liv candy to make her too fat to fit into her dress. Eventually, Emma and Fletcher get into an argument regarding Emma\'s manic behavior of sabotaging Liv\'s wedding and their friendship. Things start to become more complicated for both women. Emma and Fletcher are shown to undergo strains in their relationship because of Emma\'s new found opinionated and confident trait, a depart from her usual people-pleasing characteristics. Liv, on the other hand, learned to be more sensitive and expressive, which gives her a sense of relief to finally have the luxury of being able to let go and be less controlling. Both brides-to-be are then shown to be in the Plaza very shortly before they are due to be wed, separately. Right before Liv leaves to begin her march to the altar, she encounters Emma\'s father and receives his blessing; she regrets setting up a wild spring break DVD to play at Emma\'s wedding. She sends her assistant Kevin  to replace the wrong DVD with the right one, filled with childhood memories. However, thinking that the DVD is for a prank, he does not do so, dropping it into a flowerpot and muttering, "You\'ll thank me one day." Before the brides entered their respective venues, they shared a moment of reconciliation as they both warmly smile at each other. Emma begins her walk down the aisle but stops when the footage of her spring break is shown. She loses her temper completely and tackles Liv after sprinting to the other section of the Plaza. The two brides wrestle in their dresses on the floor while the rest of the room looks on, the people closest to the brides having decided it would be best to let the brides resolve the problem. After tussling, Emma and Liv lie on the ground panting, and then make up almost instantly. Emma stands up and walks over to Fletcher who is upset at Emma\'s behavior. Emma tells Fletcher that she is not the same person he fell in love with 10 years ago and that she has now changed, as it has been apparent that she learned to be more assertive. With that, the two tearfully call off their wedding. Liv\'s wedding resumes with Emma participating and, eventually, dancing with Nate , Liv\'s brother and a well known magazine journalist. The movie picks up a year later when Liv and Emma meet up for drinks, where it\'s revealed that Emma married Nate. Emma and Liv also reveal to each other that they are pregnant and that their due dates are the same, March 3, and both friends get happily excited.'] ["Joe Brady and Clarence Doolittle are Navy sailors who have a four day leave in Hollywood. Joe has his heart set on spending time with his girl, the unseen Lola. Clarence wants to just meet a girl. They find a little boy named Donald who ran away from home and wants to join the navy. Taking him home, the two sailors meet his young beautiful singer-wannabe Aunt Susan who is not as old as Donald made her sound. Clarence develops a crush on her, so he asks Joe to help him get Susan to like him. While trying to get Clarence a date with Susan, Joe boasts to her that he personally knows a big time music producer who can audition her. The only problem is, Joe doesn't know the music producer and he's starting to fall in love with Susan himself. Joe also tells the boy, Donald, a story about a sailor and a mouse that turns out to be Jerry Mouse. Clarence eventually meets and befriends a girl from his hometown of Brooklyn."] ['The setting is a small cottage. The film starts with a ten-year old girl named Sam Montgomery  living in the San Fernando Valley area of Los Angeles, with her widowed father Hal , who runs a popular sports-themed diner. Hal soon marries a vain, self-absorbed woman named Fiona . Hal is killed when, during an earthquake, he runs to save Fiona. Supposedly leaving no will, Fiona receives all of his belongings, including the house and diner, and to her dismay, Sam. Eight years later, eighteen-year old tomboy Sam is employed as a worker at the diner to save money for Princeton, where she is tormented by Fiona and her two dim-witted daughters, Brianna  and Gabriella . Fiona emotionally abuses Sam and uses unnecessary amounts of water during a drought. A running gag throughout the film demonstrates Sam\'s stepsisters participating in synchronized swimming, for which they are found to have absolutely no talent. Sam struggles to cope socially at North Valley High School, where Queen Bee cheerleader, Shelby Cummings , also torments her and calls her "Diner Girl." Sam confides in her online pen pal "Nomad" about her dream to attend Princeton University, a dream which he also shares. However, "Nomad"\'s true identity is Austin Ames , the popular, yet unhappy, quarterback of the school\'s football team, and Shelby\'s boyfriend . "Nomad" proposes that they meet in person at the school\'s Halloween dance. Initially reluctant, Sam is convinced by her friend Carter Ferrell , to go to the dance and meet her mysterious online friend. On the night of the dance, Fiona orders Sam to work the night shift at the diner, then leaves to drive Brianna and Gabriella to the dance. Carter and Rhonda , Sam\'s best friends convince her to disobey Fiona and go to the dance any way. Carter and Rhonda take Sam to find a costume for the dance. Sam, wearing a mask and a beautiful white dress, meets "Nomad" at the dance, and is surprised and shocked to learn that he is Austin. The two decide to leave the party to walk alone and get to know each other. After sharing a romantic dance together, Sam and Austin begin to fall in love. But just as Austin is about to unmask her, Sam\'s cell phone alarm goes off, warning her to return to the diner before Fiona comes back at midnight. She leaves without revealing her identity to Austin, and drops her phone on her way out. Austin picks up her cell and begins a desperate search to figure out who his "Cinderella" really is, the result being that every girl in school claims to be the mysterious owner of the phone. Sam is reluctant to reveal her identity to Austin, feeling that he won\'t accept her due to her not-so-elegant lifestyle. Carter, dressed as Zorro, rescues Shelby from the unwanted amorous advances of Austin\'s friend, David . Shelby falls for "Zorro" not knowing who he is and Carter resolves to tell her who he really is the next day, only to end up being shunned when he does. When Austin comes into the diner one day, Sam is forced to help him and, after a talk, she attempts to reveal her identity to him, but is cut off by Fiona. Sam\'s stepsisters convince Shelby that Sam tried to steal Austin from her, and, during a prep rally, Sam\'s identity is revealed to Austin. Like Austin, Sam had been accepted to Princeton, only to be duped by Fiona believing she was rejected. Sam then decides to give up her dreams and resigns herself to working at the Diner. Rhonda gives Sam a pep talk. When her stepsisters come in, they cause a guitar to fall off the wall, taking the wallpaper it is attached to with it. Sam then sees her father\'s words "NEVER LET THE FEAR OF STRIKING OUT KEEP YOU FROM PLAYING THE GAME", and regains her confidence. A fed up Sam then confronts Fiona about the mistreatment she\'s given her, she quits her job at the diner and moves out to live with Rhonda. Simultaneously, Rhonda and the rest of the diner\'s staff quit along with Sam, having put up with Fiona\'s abuse for Sam\'s sake all those years after Hal died. The customers, who watched the entire scene, leave the diner as well. Before a school football game, Sam confronts Austin about his cowardice and lies. Before the final play of the game, he sees Sam making her way out of the stands, and finally faces up to his father that he wants to attend Princeton rather than simply play football all his life. He hands his helmet to his other friend, Ryan, then chases after Sam and apologizes. She accepts his apology and they share their first kiss as rain falls over the drought-plagued valley. Soon after, Sam finds Hal\'s will hidden in her childhood fairytale book, which stated that all of his belongings belonged to her. Sam sells her stepfamily\'s fancy cars so that she can pay for college, and Fiona, who signed the will as a witness but claims she never saw that will, is arrested after being chased through the front yard of what is now Sam\'s house by the deputy sheriffs. Fiona, Brianna and Gabriella are made to work off the money they stole from Sam at the diner, which is restored to its former glory before Hal\'s death by its new owners, Sam and Rhonda. Sam finds out the truth that she was accepted by Princeton after her acceptance letter was found in the garbage by Gabriella. Also, Austin\'s father comes to accept his son\'s desire to attend Princeton. Things even work out in the end for Carter as he makes a commercial for acne medication. After being dumped by Austin, Shelby then makes a play for Carter, only to be spurned in favor of Astrid, the school\'s DJ. The movie ends with Sam and Austin happily driving off to Princeton, now officially a couple.'] ["Nic  and Jules  are a married lesbian couple living in California. They have each given birth to a child using the same sperm donor. Nic, an obstetrician, is the primary breadwinner and the stricter parent, while Jules, a housewife who is starting up a landscape design business, is more laid back. The younger child Laser  wants to find his sperm donor but has to be 18 to do so. He begs his 18-year-old sister Joni  to contact the sperm bank and determines that Paul  is the donor. The three meet. Joni is impressed by his bohemian lifestyle, and Paul is enthusiastic about being in their lives. Joni swears Laser to secrecy as she does not want to upset their mothers. However, Jules and Nic find out and invite Paul over to dinner. When Jules reveals she has a landscape business, Paul asks her to landscape his back garden. Jules agrees, although Nic does not like the idea. While working for Paul, Jules likes that he appreciates her work in contrast to Nic who, Jules feels, never supported her career. Jules impulsively kisses Paul one afternoon, and they end up in bed together, beginning an affair. Jules and the kids start spending more time with Paul. Nic believes Paul undermines her authority over the children, for example, by giving Joni a ride on his motorcycle, which Nic has forbidden, and suggesting she give Joni more freedom. After a heated argument with Jules, Nic suggests they all have dinner at Paul's house to ease the tension. Nic relaxes and makes a connection with Paul over their mutual love for Joni Mitchell. However, Nic discovers traces of Jules's hair in Paul's bathroom and bedroom. When they return home, Nic confronts Jules. At first, Jules denies it but then admits to the affair. Nic is devastated, but Jules insists she is not in love with Paul and has not turned straight; she just wanted to be appreciated. The household becomes very tense with Jules sleeping on the couch. The children are angry at Jules and Paul. Paul thinks he has fallen for Jules and suggests she leave Nic, bring the kids, and come live with him. Jules declines, disgusted with Paul's lack of understanding about their relationship. The night before Joni leaves home to go to college, Paul turns up at the house. Nic angrily confronts him, calling him an interloper, and tells him that if he wants a family, he should make one of his own. Rejected, Paul watches Laser from outside the window, trying to get his attention, but Laser gets up from the table and leaves, ignoring him. Later that night, Jules tearfully admits her errors to her family and begs their forgiveness. The next morning, the family takes Joni off to college. While Nic and Jules together hug Joni to say goodbye, they also affectionately touch each other. During the ride home, Laser tells his mothers that they should not break up because they are too old. Jules and Nic giggle, and the film ends with them smiling at each other and holding hands."] ['Kyle  breaks up with Marc , his love interest from the first movie, accusing him of flirting with hotter men. Kyle, Tiffani  and Gwen, friends from the first movie, all become attracted to Troy , a chiseled farm boy from Troy, Illinois, who poses nude for their art class. Troy befriends and confides in them that he has slept with both girls and men, but is reluctant to embrace any gay feelings. Kyle and the girls devise a scheme in which Kyle pretends to be an ex-gay who is dating Tiffani, to overcome Troy\'s inhibitions and get him to sleep with the both of them. While Kyle and Troy start attending meetings with the campus ex-gay ministry, Marc notices Kyle becoming close with Troy and decides to try to seduce Troy himself. Troy eventually succumbs to Marc\'s advances during Gwen\'s homoerotic photo shoot, and the two fool around, but Marc cannot go through with it because he still has feelings for Kyle. Troy then overhears Gwen and Marc talking about the entire scheme. Wanting to get back at the schemers, Troy visits Tiffani and Kyle because supposedly they have an "arrangement" that lets Kyle sleep with men. They attempt a threesome, but Troy gets his revenge by goading them into performing an uncomfortable act of cunnilingus first. Gwen and Marc storm into Kyle\'s house after witnessing the debacle, and Troy scolds the group for being so sex-crazy. Troy ultimately concludes that he is bisexual  and Kyle admits he was wrong to leave Marc. The five then start scheming to out Jacob , the closeted leader of the ex-gay ministry, to his mother by tricking him to have sex with Octavio, another member of the ministry, in a portable toilet on wheels. Jacob finally comes out to his mother , and flees with Octavio. Troy takes a liking to Tiffani and they start a relationship. In the end, Marc and Kyle get back together after confessing their feelings to each other and start kissing. Gwen starts to date a girl experimentally.'] ['LCDR Charlie Madison , USNR, is a cynical and highly efficient adjutant to RADM William Jessup  in 1944 London. Madison\'s job as a dog robber is to keep his boss and other high-ranking officers supplied with luxury goods and amiable Englishwomen. He falls in love with a driver from the motor pool, Emily Barham , who has lost her husband, brother, and father in the war. Madison\'s sybaritic, "American" lifestyle amid wartime scarcity both fascinates and disgusts Emily, but she does not want to lose another loved one to war and finds the "practicing coward" Madison irresistible. Under stress since the death of his wife, Jessup obsesses over the Army and its Air Corps overshadowing the Navy in the forthcoming D-Day invasion. The mentally unstable admiral decides that "The first dead man on Omaha Beach must be a sailor." A film will document the death, and the casualty will be buried in a "Tomb of the Unknown Sailor." Despite his best efforts to avoid the duty Madison and his gung-ho friend, LCDR "Bus" Cummings , find themselves and a film crew with the combat engineers who will be the first on shore. When Madison tries to retreat to safety, Cummings forces him forward with a pistol. A German shell lands near Madison, making him the first American to die on Omaha Beach. Hundreds of newspaper and magazine covers reprint a photograph of Madison on the shore, making him a martyr. Jessup, having recovered from his breakdown, regrets his part in Madison\'s death but plans to use it in support of the Navy when testifying before a Senate committee in Washington. Losing another man she loves to the war devastates Emily. Then comes unexpected news: Madison is not dead, but alive and well in an English hospital. A relieved Jessup now plans to show him during the Senate testimony as the heroic "first man on Omaha Beach." Madison, angry about his senseless near-death, uncharacteristically plans to act nobly by telling the world the truth of what happened on the beach, even if it means being imprisoned for cowardice. Emily convinces him to instead choose happiness with her by keeping quiet and accepting his heroic role.'] ['Alicia  is an apparently conservative girl that is about to marry, but her life takes an unexpected route when in the party before the wedding, she meets a stripper  hired by Ana , a jealous friend of Alicia’s boyfriend, to upset her on this very special day. Surprising everyone , Alicia still decides to follow the guy. The rivalry among Ana and Alicia is thus transformed into a strong friendship, and they both show themselves as very independent women.'] ["Regina, the once popular girl has to make new friends at her new, conservative school. Problems arrive when she becomes enemies with Lívia, the school's queen bee, and falls in love with Márk, a musician. If these wouldn't be enough, she decides to organize a cheerleader team."] ['On an academic scholarship, Paul Tannek  is a fish out of water kid from the upstate New York who arrives in New York City. In the fall of 1999, attending college at NYU, Paul runs into repeated complications and mishaps, usually brought on by his roommates, three spoiled, obnoxious party animals. When Paul is branded a loser and kicked out by his roommates, he settles in a room at a veterinary clinic. Afterwards, almost by accident, he meets and falls in love with Dora Diamond , a fellow student who is dating their unscrupulous literature professor, Edward Alcott .'] ["Count Alfred, military attaché to the Sylvanian Embassy in Paris, is ordered back to Sylvania to report to Queen Louise for a reprimand following a string of scandals, including an affair with the ambassador's wife. In the meantime Queen Louise, ruler of Sylvania in her own right, is royally fed-up with her subjects' preoccupation with whom she will marry. Intrigued rather than offended by Count Alfred's dossier, Queen Louise invites him to dinner. Their romance progresses to the point of marriage when, despite his qualms, for love of Louise Alfred agrees to obey the Queen."] ['The film follows the relationship between Bob  and Brendan , roommates at George Washington University in Washington, DC, five years after Bob made his romantic feelings toward Brendan known. When the two reconnect at the wedding of college friends, Bob is in a serious relationship with a soap opera star Sterling Scott  while Brendan is single and re-examining his own identity.'] ["The film centres around the character of Rahul Seth , a young, rich, Indo-Canadian living in Toronto whose widowed mother  is anxious to get him married after the freak-accidental death of his Caucasian pop singer girlfriend, Kimberly . Furthermore, the mother proclaims that the impending wedding of her daughter Twinky  & Bobby will not take place until Rahul has found himself a bride first. The pressure mounts on Rahul as he finds out that Twinky must get married to preserve the family's reputation because she is pregnant. Rahul goes to a bar and there meets Sue . Thinking she is a Spanish escort, he hires her to pose as his fiancée. Rahul eventually discovers that Sue is actually Indian , and despite his initial anger at her lie, the two grow closer—due in no small part to a confidence boost Sue gave to Rahul's tormented younger brother, Govind, who incorrectly believes that no one cares about his welfare—and eventually consider one another a fit match. Pleased, Mrs. Seth agrees to sanction Twinky's wedding. Rahul and Sue grow more intimate, later to share stories about their pasts. It is revealed here that Sue was once offered as a bride to the well-meaning but dim-witted prizefighter known as Killer Khalsa; offended that her parents would even consider such a match, she has been playing mischief in revenge. This mischief is not fully explained, but her liking for it is suggested by her audacity. Sue is quite immune to social norms; she speaks bluntly to all, particularly to Rocky, Rahul's driver, who she knows as a famous Drag queen. The blossoming romance is shaken, however, when Rahul is told that Sue was not only an escort, but a prostitute as well by a drunken friend at Bobby's bachelor party. Sue is so hurt that he would question her honesty and integrity that she leaves him. He is forced to confess to his family that he never really courted Sue, but merely bribed her to act the part of his fiancee. His mother is forced to withdraw her sponsorship of Twinky's wedding, due to her promise—but she need not; Twinky's wedding has already taken place, well before the planned date. Prodded by his understanding, Shakespeare-quoting grandmother , Rahul goes after Sue and professes his true opinion of her, and proposes marriage to her as well. Sue initially turns him down, only to be found later in the driver seat of his limo to show her acceptance of his proposal."] ['Lucy is a journalist who is dumped by her "perfect" boyfriend and then goes on a series of dates with five different men - Doug, an entomologist; Gabriel, a playwright; Bobby, a baseball player; Barry, a computer store owner; and Luke, a doctor. She acts differently around each of the men - she is drunk on her date with Doug; she uncharacteristically jumps into bed with Gabriel; she is, at first, irritated with but then moved by ex-baseball star Bobby; her date with Barry gets off to a rough start, but then while on their date, they run into her parents and end up having dinner with them; and her date with Luke is sidetracked when they see a colleague of Luke\'s who is with his daughter, Eve, who appears to have her own eye on Luke. She doesn\'t connect with Doug, but she does get him to come out of his shell by the end of the date. She takes Bobby to several places that put him completely out of his element and then he takes her to a baseball card show where she discovers a different side of him. Her date with Gabriel essentially becomes a one night stand when she realizes he isn\'t what she wants in life. She becomes serious with Luke, but an incident at a restaurant in which he is rude to one of the waiters makes her realize he isn\'t the one she wants, either. Barry surprises her several times throughout the movie with touching and thoughtful gestures, which of course win her over in the end.'] ['Monty James  is a respected and hard-working mechanic who has three daughters: China , Lauryn , and Sierra . He has dreams of owning his own shop someday. Monty\'s children have been cared for by their maternal grandmother for many years. However, he realizes she is dying from lung cancer and she dies within a few weeks. His ex, Jennifer , disrupts the tranquility of the service and demands that her daughters live with her. Jennifer later tells Monty that she is suing for custody. Strapped for cash and hoping to make his dream reality, Monty accepts help from Maya , an employment agency worker. Maya recommends Monty as a driver for Julia Rossmore , an attorney in Atlanta. Julia’s friends, Brenda  and Cynthia , set Julia up on a blind date with Byron ([[Craig Robinson , who is very loud and obnoxious. When Monty and Julia meet, she is uptight, pushy, and insists on having everything done on schedule. Monty also finds out his eldest daughter accidentally started a fire in his home. Social Services were notified and the children were sent to live with their mother and her boyfriend, Joe . Julia, sitting in the car, goes into the hospital to demand Monty take her home, but sees Social Services sending his children to live with Jennifer. Monty returns to his day job as a mechanic and finds the owner Willie  has been injured in a robbery attempt. Willie offers to sell the shop to Monty for a $10,000 deposit. Monty later goes to Julia for help, but she refuses, leaving Monty to defend himself. However, during the court case, Julia walks in and defends him. The next evening, Monty goes to see Julia, who is astonished to see that Monty has provided for his daughters their entire lives. Julia finishes Monty’s case preparation and Monty walks Julia out of the office to her car. Monty discovers it is her 32nd birthday and takes her to his favorite jazz club. Eventually, Julia dances with Monty. As they are traveling home, Julia kisses Monty and asks him to spend the night. Monty is willing but Julia is too drunk and vomits. Julia changes her mind and tells Monty to go home. Over the next few weeks, Julia begins to feel confused. Monty is a decent guy, but she is a successful woman trying to find a successful man. She goes to see Monty and his daughters. There, one of Julia’s girlfriends confronts her – reminding Julia that she has to be conscious of decisions which impact her career. Monty overhears Julia’s friend and is hurt. The child custody hearing date arrives. Julia arrives and asks the judge to award custody to Monty since it would be in the best interest of the children. Jennifer’s lawyer says that Monty is irresponsible due to an earlier conviction of statutory rape. Julia feels betrayed because she didn’t hear this information from Monty earlier. Consequently, she leaves the courtroom and refuses to see Monty again. Julia tells Monty that custody will be awarded to Jennifer. Monty returns home distraught. Early one morning, he hears a knock on his door. His daughters have come to tell him that they were physically abused. All of the neighbors know Joe is a thug but they have been intimidated so they will not testify against him for drug activities. Monty hugs all of his daughters and puts them to bed. Monty gets in his car to drive and coincidentally, Jennifer and Joe are in their car on an intersecting road. After Monty\'s Chevy Monte Carlo crashes into Jennifer and Joe\'s Chrysler 300C, Monty goes over to their car and begins to beat Joe senseless. Meanwhile, the neighbors arrive at the intersection to see what is happening. When Joe’s thugs attack Monty, the neighbors hold them back. The car collision and aftermath make the local news. Monty is identified as "the high-school basketball star who was falsely accused of rape" and Julia realizes she misjudged him. Monty, Joe, Jennifer, and all of the neighbors are in court. Joe and Jennifer are on trial because the police arrived at the scene and found a large stash of drugs in the trunk of Joe’s car and in his compound. When the judge states they won\'t face trial because there are no witnesses, the entire neighborhood stands up in court, causing them to go to jail. Monty stands before the judge next. Again, Julia arrives just in time. Julia asks for a moment with her client. She apologizes to Monty for not hearing his side of the story. Julia asks if Monty will accept her help and Monty agrees, as long as he can get the custody of his children. Julia defends Monty in court for battery charges. The judge asks for witnesses and none of the neighbors recall seeing Monty hit Joe. Monty is released from police custody. Monty and Julia return to the auto shop and are met by the entire neighborhood to celebrate. They find that the auto shop no longer belongs to Willie, but is now named "MONTY’S."'] ['The film tells the story of Irish-Catholic Fitzpatrick brothers, Mickey  and Francis  and the tribulations of love, family and betrayal. Mickey is a New York City cab driver, unhappy over an act of infidelity by Heather , his ex-fiancée. Francis is a Wall Street stock investor, who unknown to his wife, Renee , is having an affair. While driving his cab Mickey picks up Hope , a girl with whom he becomes infatuated and impulsively marries that same week. This causes consternation for his brother, largely because he was not asked to be best man at the wedding. Mickey moves in with Hope, but later becomes disillusioned with aspects of their lifestyle, including frequent power cuts in their ramshackle apartment. Francis is also having problems in his marriage. He is concerned that he is being unfair to Heather, his mistress, the very same woman Mickey left, by continuing to stay with Renee. Renee\'s family suggest the problem may be that he is gay, so she has Mickey and their father Frank  confront him about it. He denies being gay, but admits to being unfaithful. Meanwhile, Francis\' arrogance leads him to take potshots at his brother for the apparent lack of forward progression in his life with his wife, while Francis argues with Heather about her own sexual infidelity with a much older man referred to as "Papa". One day, Mickey picks up Heather in his cab and goes up to her apartment to retrieve a television that belonged to him during their relationship. Heather responds by demanding Mickey\'s watch, which she purchased as a gift. Mickey relents, which she implies she wants more from him, but he does not reciprocate, instead reminds her of her affair, and her previous profession. Throughout all this their father offers advice to both sons. Then Frank learns during a fishing trip with the church\'s pastor that his supposedly highly religious wife hasn\'t been to Mass in months. On a visit to his mistress\'s apartment Francis learns that Mickey and Heather have recently met. Francis makes an unexpected visit to his brother\'s apartment and questions Mickey about his visit with Heather. They get into an argument over whether or not Mickey had sex with Heather. Later, Mickey discovers that she is the woman Francis has been having an affair with. The revelation escalates to an argument in their parents\' home, during a birthday dinner for their father. In an attempt to settle the dispute, Frank takes both Francis and Mickey outside and ties boxing gloves on each, with the intent of having them fight out their differences. Mickey proves the victor. Eventually, Francis confronts Renee and files for divorce, in order to marry Heather. When Mickey finds out about the impending marriage, he informs Francis that Heather was once a prostitute. This causes Francis to get cold feet and angers Heather. She tells Mickey that she thought that he didn\'t have a problem with her prior choice of employment, and Mickey says that he doesn\'t, but Francis may, and that he has a right to know. Meanwhile, Hope has already dropped a bomb on Mickey: she is moving to Paris very soon. On a visit to the bar where Hope works, Mickey discovers that Connie , one of Hope\'s co-workers, claims to have had a special relationship with Hope before the marriage. Later Hope tells Mickey she is unsure if he should come to Paris after all, and their relationship appears to be about to break up. Due to Francis\' indecision over marriage in light of the news that Heather was a prostitute, Heather decides to marry "Papa", the older man she has been seeing. When Francis threatens to tell Papa that Heather was a prostitute, Heather tells Francis that Papa was "her best customer". He then calls Renee in hopes of getting back together with her. But she is already in another relationship with Scott Sherman, a mutual acquaintance whom Francis had made fun of in an earlier scene. In the final scenes of the film, Mickey, Francis and their father Frank prepare to go fishing, only Mickey decides it would be better if he tried to have one last talk with Hope before she leaves America. Only their father has arranged a surprise guest - Hope. The movie ends with Hope asking to drive the boat, but Frank, aware that women are rarely allowed on board, says it is too soon for that.'] ['The story centers around suburban housewife Beverly Boyer  and her husband, a successful obstetrician and devoted family man, Gerald . Beverly is offered the opportunity to star in a television commercial advertising soap. After a shaky start, she gets a contract for $80,000 per year to appear in weekly TV commercials. Soon the TV studio places greater and greater demands on the unlikely TV star. Gerald becomes jealous of the fact that she is now out-earning him, and their relationship slowly deteriorates until she decides to return as a housewife.'] ["When newlyweds Jack  and Peggy  face eviction from their rented London flat, they are tricked into buying a rundown houseboat by its current owner Alfred Harper  and his put-upon wife . Mr Watson  owns Jack and Peggy’s mooring and soon makes their acquaintance by introducing them to his mooring tariffs and associated surcharges. After rebuilding the engine with the help of his friend Sid , a used-car salesman, Jack and Peggy plan a trip down the Thames River to Ramsgate, taking along Sid and his partner Sandra . On their way, they get into trouble with the Thames Conservancy  and also the river police . After Sandra's transistor radio gets misplaced next to the compass, they manage to end up in Calais. With no fuel and supplies, they have to resort to desperate actions to get themselves and their houseboat back home. This involves Sandra putting on a striptease for Watson, who also happens to be in Calais Harbour on his own boat, to enable Jack and Sid to borrow some of Watson’s fuel and food. The next morning they follow Watson back across the Channel, as their own compass is broken, and end up entering into a wager with Watson on who can get back to their mooring first."] ["Balu  is the youngest son in his family and a careless guy. His father always scolds him, but his uncles and mother dote on him and so do his brothers. He has a bunch of friends (played by Ali, [[Venu Madhav  and hangs around with them. On one occasion, Balu's father is angry with him; Balu leaves the house to be left alone for a while . He chances to see Anu  on the road with some kids and he falls for her. She has returned from the USA to spend time with her grandfather . Anu is impressed with Balu when he saves a kid's life on the motorway; she tries to get his autograph but fails. Balu leaves for Ooty for his studies and accidentally meets Anu on the way when his taxi breaks down. Anu gives Balu a lift and leaves her driver to help the taxi driver. While on the way, Anu's car slips into a valley due to a rash lorry driver. Balu makes an effort to save Anu and rescues her to safer ground. Trying to save Anu, Balu slips off into a valley. Anu is depressed that Balu sacrificed himself to save her, searches for him and loses hope. Balu is saved by a truck driver and admitted to a hospital. On his return, Anu meets Balu at his house to express her gratitude. Balu thinks of proposing his love but is warned by his sister . Balu develops a friendship with Anu but never dares to express his love. Vasuki gets married and leaves. At the same time, Anu gets admission into Harvard University  and is about to leave. They remain silent until they reach the airport. Just before Anu leaves, she realizes that she would miss him and they agree to meet after realizing their goals."] ['The film opens showing the day-to-day life of an elderly lady named Paulette. Paulette lives alone, dedicated to her animals, in particular her cats, and her garden. Her worst fear is of dying far from her home and garden. However, when she takes a fall she is sent to hospital who then advise that she recovers in a nursing-home, much to her dismay. Meanwhile, Camille, an artist and cleaning lady, lives a lonely and anorexic life in a small attic in Paris. One day she meets the shy postcard salesman Philibert, who is in temporary custody of a grand apartment in her building. This belonged to his recently deceased aristocratic forebear, and is filled with heirlooms. Philibert has arranged his life to have as little contact with the outer world as possible. Instead he lets his lodger, Franck - who works as a low-ranked cook in a big restaurant - take care of his shopping and other such things. Philibert and Franck are complete opposites; Philibert is a gentleman, with classical interests and preoccupations, who stutters when anxious. Franck is constantly busy; brash, gruff, confrontational and confident. He works long hours at the restaurant, and habitually spends his only day off going to visit his grandmother Paulette, who raised him. Camille reaches out to Philibert on impulse, inviting him to \'picnic\' in her attic. They hit it off, but in apparent denial of her sexual potency, Camille then has her hair cropped, "manière de petit garçon". Philibert\'s sexual orientation at this time in the movie is also not delineated. Camille becomes severely bedridden with the flu. Although Philibert has had only the one social contact with her, and having no reason to know how unwell she is, he feels protective towards, and worried about her. He enters her attic despite not getting any reply, finds her in a desperately weakened state, and carries her down to his apartment. When she recovers, he assumes she will stay on. This development is very unwelcome to Franck, who is permanently stressed-out by his work and destresses by drinking, playing angry punk rock, and entertaining women. The only outlet for his humanity is his care and concern towards his grandmother. Many heated arguments pass between Camille and Franck, the latter annoyed at her presence and the former finding him rude and disrepectful. This reaches a crisis when, whilst drunkenly directing an erotic dance by his latest nana, he refuses to turn down the music. Camille storms out and throws his boom-box out of the window. She later rectifies the situation by buying him a replacement stereo. Franck attempts to explain his behaviour, but acknowledges he is difficult, and that he finds her presence an irritant. The turning point comes when, determined to return to her tiny attic, Camille cannot find the key. Franck tells her that he has it in his pocket but refuses to give it back. He says it is he who should leave, asking that she stay with Philibert, who is decidedly happier and more eager to interact with others when she is around. He says he will definitely leave unless she stays. Meanwhile, Philibert has joined a comedy club with encouragement from a woman to whom he has recently taken a very strong liking. Initially, people laugh at his stutter, however he takes classes and discovers that it disappears when he performs. Philibert later gives a show for the public, demonstrating considerable comic talent, at the start of which he proposes to his girlfriend on stage. After a few months in respite care, Paulette is eager to return home, however she is too fragile to live alone. Camille, who has become close with the old woman, convinces Franck to let her live at Philibert\'s apartment, where she will quit her unsatisfactory job in order look after Paulette. Initially hesitant, Franck agrees and his grandmother moves in. Around the same time Franck and Camille, whose relationship turned a corner after the incident with the stereo, enter a period of flirting. However, when this evolves into a sexual relationship, Camille sets the rule of not falling in love. Franck is visibly upset and withdraws emotionally from Camille, as he has already fallen in love with her. Paulette later returns to her home for a week, with Camille resident to help out. However almost immediately she passes away, exactly as she wanted, in her beloved home. At the same time, Philibert\'s apartment is sold by his great-aunt and the trio break up. Camille, realising she is in love with Franck, tries to contact him, in spite of his remaining withdrawn. After she waits for him outside his restaurant, they go out for a drink where Franck reveals he is moving to England at the end of the week. Camille suggests that he should stay in France, and buy a restaurant where they had eaten for her birthday, so he could be his own boss. Franck, sick of her tiptoeing around the central issue, asks her why she doesn\'t just ask him to stay  to which Camille replies that she\'s afraid. Later that week, Camille arrives just in time to say goodbye to Franck. Finally she is able to beg him to stay, but he replies that he has already left in his mind. Heartbroken, Camille walks out of the train station where she receives a call from Franck. He tells her he\'s worried that she is walking all alone, crying and lost. He pretends to be passing through customs, but in reality, unbeknownst to Camille, he has instead followed her. She denies his concerns and pretends to be OK. He shoulder-taps her and calls her bluff. The two kiss passionately, happy to be together again. The film ends with Franck working at his restaurant, which is evidently highly popular. Franck\'s demeanour is entirely changed; he is no longer gruff and stressed, but personable and generous of himself. Camille, Philibert and his wife all work there as well. When Franck sees Camille admiring a baby, someone jokes about when it\'s her time to be a mother. In response, Franck picks Camille up and takes her out back to his office.'] [' When free-spirited Alice develops a crush on a stranger at the train station, she offers her best friend, Hana, the stranger\'s "half brother," Masashi. Hana declines, but soon develops feelings for Masashi, beginning to stalk him as they ride the same train throughout the winter. In Spring, when Hana and Alice enter high school, Hana joins the story telling club after learning Masashi is also a member. Still fostering feelings for Masashi, she follows him secretly once more, and witnesses him crashing into a garage door, falling to the ground unconscious. After he has awoken, Hana lies to Masashi: she admits that not only did the blow to the head give Masashi a case of amnesia, but that he has also forgotten that Hana is his girlfriend. Hana and Masashi begin to date each other, though their entire relationship is based on Hana\'s lie, forcing Hana to keep lying in order to remain Masashi\'s girlfriend. Eventually, Alice is wrapped up in Hana\'s lie, playing the part of Masashi\'s ex-girlfriend. Through a subsequent series of events, a subtle love triangle develops between Hana, Alice, and Masashi, as Masashi begins to fall in love with Alice. The story ultimately culminates in Masashi\'s discovery of Hana\'s lie about his contrived case of amnesia. Though Hana and Alice\'s relationships were put to a test through the series of events, they eventually make amends, and they remain friends. Despite outward appearances, this film isn\'t just about puppy love, as it also tells the story of friendship between two girls, and the different situations in their lives .'] ["The film describes a year in the life of Emma Woodhouse, a congenial but naïve young woman who thinks of herself as a romantic matchmaker in her small community in early-19th-century England. When her governess, Miss Taylor, gets married and goes to live with her new husband, Mr Weston, Emma proudly takes credit for having brought the couple together. Her father and their old family friend George Knightley dispute her claim and disapprove of her trying to make more matches, but she ignores their warnings and sets her mind on setting up Mr Elton, the minister who performed the Westons's marriage ceremony, with Harriet Smith, an unsophisticated young woman just entering society. As a close friendship develops between Emma and Harriet, it becomes clear that Harriet is being courted by Robert Martin, a farmer who has known Harriet since she was a girl. When Mr Martin proposes to Harriet, she is inclined to accept, but she has come to rely heavily on Emma's advice, and Emma persuades her to reject the proposal. Meanwhile, Mr Elton has been expressing a desire for Emma by taking an interest in a picture she drew of Harriet and by giving her a riddle for a book of riddles being compiled by Harriet. Emma misinterprets this as interest in Harriet, but when Mr Elton and Emma are alone, he fervently declares his love for Emma herself, and she finally realizes her mistake. She rejects his pleas, and he later marries another woman, who turns out to be a vain socialite who competes with Emma for status in the community. Over the next few months, various gatherings show who loves whom among Emma's friends: * Emma is briefly attracted to a charming, gallant young man named Frank Churchill, Mr Weston's son who comes to visit from London, but Emma soon decides to set him up with Harriet. * Frank Churchill is revealed to have a secret engagement with a shy, pretty woman named Jane Fairfax. * Harriet has no interest in Frank, preferring Mr Knightley, who was the only man who would dance with her at a party. * Mr Knightley danced with Harriet only out of politeness, and is starting to fall in love with Emma. The conclusion of the story begins when Emma ridicules a poor woman named Miss Bates during a picnic, after which Mr. Knightley angrily scolds Emma and leaves town for a while. She finds herself thinking about him while he's away, but doesn't realise she loves him until Harriet expresses interest in him. When Mr Knightley returns, he and Emma cross paths in a meadow and have a conversation that begins awkwardly but ends with him asking her to marry him and her gladly accepting. The news of their engagement upsets Harriet, who avoids Emma for a while, but returns a few weeks later, engaged to Mr Martin. The film ends with Emma and Mr Knightley's wedding."] ["Tina  is the drudge of the Red Mill Tavern in Holland. She works hard and long hours, with her only company being a mouse, named Ignatz. Willem  is the mean Tavern proprietor who catches her feeding the mouse. He is outraged and scares away the mouse and takes it out on Tina. Dennis Wheat  is a foreigner who came to the Netherlands for the damsels. He was accompanied by his valet Caesar Rinkle . One day, Tina notices and immediately falls in love with him. She sneaks out of the tavern to be closer to him and hears him saying he will judge an ice skating race. The winner of the race will be kissed by him. Tina decides to enter and wins. When Dennis is about to kiss her, Willem storms out and takes Tina with him. She later finds out Dennis is leaving town and becomes sad. Tina goes back to her hard working days and fantasizes about Dennis returning. Dennis returns in the spring and takes an interest in the Burgomaster's daughter Gretchen , who is about to marry the Governor  but actually is in love with Captain Jacop Van Goop . Jacop sends Gretchen a letter, begging her to elope with him at night. Gretchen has to cross her overprotecting father if she wants to leave the house and does not think there is any chance she will be able to leave the house. Tina, however, helps her escape successfully by dressing up like her and Gretchen dressing up like Tina. After Gretchen has left, Dennis sneaks into the house to meet the woman he noticed. He kisses Tina, thinking it is Gretchen. Gretchen goes back home when she is scared after Tina's mouse ran into her shoe. Meanwhile, Caesar overhears someone saying Gretchen will inherit her grandfather's estate the day she marries and immediately informs Dennis. Jacop climbs on a ladder leading to Gretchen's room to reunite with her. Dennis sees this and thinks Jacop is kissing the same girl he kissed. He is mad and throws a stone to him, making him fall off his ladder through the window of the tavern. Tina comes up, still dressed up as Gretchen, and tells Dennis Jacop was a relative and it was only a formal kiss. She promises to elope with him in the morning. The next day, Gretchen is forced to marry the governor. She begs Tina to save her, before she leaves with her father. Tina eventually scares everyone away with her mouse and sneaks off with Gretchen. Gretchen is reunited with Jacop, but Tina is being chased by the wedding guests and the burgomaster. Willem finds her hiding in the tavern and locks her up in a mill, which is rumored to be haunted by ghosts. Tina is scared, but Dennis comes after her and protects himself with a gun. An accident causes him to shoot Tina in the back. They kiss and are happy, but find out Willem is after them with a shotgun. Dennis and Tina escape through a window and can now finally love each other carefree."] ['The film begins with an unnamed man arriving by train to Helsinki. After falling asleep in Kaisaniemi park, he is mugged and beaten by hoodlums and is severely injured in the head, losing consciousness. He awakes and wanders back to the train station and collapses in its bathroom. He awakes the second time in a hospital and finds that he has lost his memory. He starts his life from scratch, living in container dwellings, finding clothes with help from the Salvation Army and making friends with the poor.'] ["Josh and Cin meet at a party in Sydney three days before he is due to return to London. Originally planning just to spend the night, Josh decides to stay at her flat until he has to leave for the airport. The two gradually grow closer, feeling a strong connection. However, when Cin's friend Sam comes over and flirts with Josh, they end up quarreling and he leaves. Once Josh cools down he relents and returns to Cin. Having both agreed that they were just having fun, he leaves to catch his plane the next day. At the last minute, he decides not to go and returns to Cin's flat only to find that she has followed him to London, not knowing he missed the flight. Josh can not find a flight for three days, but once he reaches London they are reunited and Cin decides to move there to be with him."] ['Don Pedro  and his noblemen are visiting their good friend Leonato  in Messina after having quashed the uprising led by Don John , the prince\'s bastard half-brother. Among the victors are the misogynistic and witty Benedick , erstwhile flame of Leonato\'s equally sharp-tongued and somewhat fierce niece, Beatrice , who is something of a misandrist, and Benedick\'s "sworn brother" Claudio , a young count. Claudio has been thinking fondly of Leonato\'s gentle and lovely daughter Hero  since before he went to war, and returns to find her as attractive as ever. Don Pedro, learning of his young friend\'s feelings, arranges the match at a party. Despite Don John\'s best efforts to foil it, the Prince\'s plan works out perfectly in the end. Needing something to pass the time until the wedding day, Don Pedro decides to arrange a similar fate for Beatrice and Benedick. Of course, both parties being such “professed tyrant[s]” to the opposite sex, this match will take a little more ingenuity. Leonato, Claudio and the Prince stage a loud conversation containing a fictitious account of how much Beatrice is in love with Benedick; all the while, knowing Benedick to be hiding well within earshot. Hero and her gentlewoman Ursula play the same trick upon Beatrice. Each of them believes the story they hear about the other. In the midst of all of this good-natured scheming, Don John and his men have been casting about for ways to stop the intended marriage between the man who “hath all the glory of [Don John\'s] overthrow” and the woman for whom one may suspect he has cherished some tender feeling. The night before the wedding, his servant Borachio arranges to meet with Hero\'s gentlewoman Margaret at Hero\'s chamber window. John shows his half-brother and Claudio the rendezvous and makes them believe that they are seeing Hero in the act of infidelity. Against the revelry of the evening, the constable Dogberry  appoints a watch to keep the peace. The three hapless watchmen happen to hear Borachio bragging to his colleague Conrade about how he and Don John had finally succeeded in wrecking the wedding plans. They make the arrest and send Dogberry in the morning to fetch Leonato for the examination, but the old gentleman is in too much of a hurry to try to decipher what the constable would say to him. Amidst the confusion, the villain has managed to escape to parts unknown before he can get his comeuppance. At the wedding, Claudio publicly disgraces his would-be bride and storms away along with all of the guests except for Ursula, the Friar, Leonato, Beatrice, her father Antonio, and Benedick. They all agree to the Friar\'s plan to publish the tale that Hero, upon the grief of Claudio\'s accusations, suddenly died. Beatrice and Benedick linger a moment, and wind up confessing their love to one another. In the wake of this declaration, Beatrice asks Benedick to do the one thing that will satisfy her outrage with what has just happened; she asks him to kill Claudio. He agrees, but it is with a heavy heart. Just after the challenge is issued, the story of Don John\'s deception comes to light, and the Prince and Claudio are sorely grieved for their grave mistake. Leonato forgives Claudio on the condition that he marry Hero\'s cousin on the next morning. Claudio agrees. When the bride is brought forth, she is revealed to be none other than Hero herself. They then profess their true and undying love for each other, as do Beatrice and Benedick when faced with written evidence  found in the pockets of each, Benedick\'s in the form of an endearingly poorly-written song. All are reconciled and Don John is discovered and promised punishment. The film ends with the whole of Leonato\'s household dancing in the courtyard, with the newlyweds at the center of them.'] ['Lauren King  is a highly intelligent 13-year-old American girl living in Paris with her affluent family. She spends her free time reading Heidegger. Daniel Michon  is a highly intelligent 13-year-old French boy from a poor family who loves Hollywood films and who uses his talent with mathematics to make theoretical bets on horse races. The two meet at a museum where a movie is being filmed, and they fall in love. Lauren\'s self-absorbed mother  fiercely objects to the romance, seeing him as a "filthy French boy" unsuitable for her daughter. When Daniel punches the egomaniacal director boyfriend of Lauren\'s mother, the two are forbidden to date. Lauren and Daniel meet Julius , a kindly elderly gentleman and a pickpocket, who tells them about a tradition that if a couple kiss beneath the Bridge of Sighs in Venice at sunset while the church bells toll, they will be in love forever. Knowing that she will be sent back to America soon, she initiates a plan for them to travel to Venice together. With the help of Julius, the two young lovers take a train to Venice and spark an international chase.'] ['James Ellis  meets and falls in love with Sarah  during time off for snow days while in high school. James, however, has commitment issues, and Sarah eventually winds up engaged to Peter . His grandmother  had warned him about the family curse, that the "men always leave and the women go crazy", which causes James to be reluctant to commit. Over the next few years, James searches for his true self, ending up at "The CIA" – the Culinary Institute of America. His eccentric mother Elise , still upset that her husband left her and James, is on an endless search for her inner self and has commitment issues of her own. She spends her time with a series of lovers who don\'t speak English, in the "International House of Boyfriends". Ultimately James overcomes the family curse and wins Sarah.'] ["Robert Wilcot, a popular television personality, is selected as the Conservative candidate for the provincial town of Earndale in the upcoming by-election. His selection is mostly due to the influence of his uncle, Lord Wilcot a powerful local figure. His opponent is to be Stella Stoker, a fishmonger's daughter with a degree from the London School of Economics who has been chosen to stand for the Labour Party. Travelling up on the train to Earndale, the two candidates meet and while she quickly works out who he is, he remains ignorant of her true identity. To try to show off he begins to tell her about his selection for the seat and how he expects to win. He describes his opponent as a bluestocking. He also inadvertently reveals embarrassing details to her such as the fact that he has scarcely been to Earndale in his life and that his family once controlled the seat as a rotten borough. Once they arrive at Earndale station, he is soon made aware of his mistake. The electoral agents of both candidates are furious to discover they have been fraternising on the train. Wilcot goes to visit his uncle, and finds him to be an eccentric who has turned his country house into a money-making operation for visiting coach parties of tourists. It appears that he has engineered Robert Wilcot's selection as a candidate in order to spark public interest in the election, boosting his own business. It is also clear that the political contest is added to by the enmity of the two electoral agents the Tory Harding-Pratt and Labour's Bert Glimmer. Once on the stump the two candidates keep running into each other around Earndale, at one point during a factory visit leading to a shouting match. Both begin to become entranced by the other, and become convinced they are falling in love. This comes to a head during the hustings at Wilcot Hall where they are caught embracing in the maze by their respective agents. Burying the hatchet, the two agents try to foil the potential romance. Despite repeated attempts to break up the candidates they continue a covert relationship."] ['After a long humbling year temping as a traffic cop on a studio lot, Jody is faced with the hard decision of taking the only well-paying industry job she has yet been offered — editing porn at Grind Productions, a profitable adult film company run by former porn star Irene Fox . At first horrified by the prospect of exposing herself to the cockroaches of the film industry, not to mention the effect it would have on her strict Jewish parents, Jody has a remarkable change of heart when she realizes that Grind has all the facilities she needs to make her own low budget movie — on the sly of course — but things get complicated when Jody meets Jeff Drake , the charming Herr Director of adult films. Jeff, also an award-winning filmmaker, once had his own dreams of making "real" films, but now is a hard-worn cynic who masks his disappointment behind a façade of irony. In Jody, he sees the idealism he once had, while Jody starts to face her own sexual hang-ups as she begins to get aroused by the porn she so harshly judges. Jody and Jeff get close to each other, but she gets hurt when she sees him making out with one of his actresses, Sindi, who was actually taking advantage of Jeff in his drunken state. The movie made by Jody is well received by critics, and Jeff is also nominated for an AVN Award for his movie. Jody wants to set things right with him; she accepts help from Bliss, the lead actress in both Jody\'s and Jeff\'s movies, but with different identities, and pretends to be her to gain entry at an award function. On stage, when Jeff receives his award, he announces his retirement from the Adult Industry to move on. Jeff calls Bliss for special thanks. He realizes that Jody is in disguise as Bliss, and they kiss.Synopsis findingbliss.com. accessed September 8, 2011.'] ['Dek  proposes to his girlfriend Shirley  on TV. When Jimmy , "the great love of her life" and father of her daughter, sees this, he returns in an attempt to win back her heart. However after deserting his friends in Scotland during an unsuccessful robbery of some clowns, his friends turn against him and come to the Midlands to try to track him down. Though in the end Shirley refuses to go with Jimmy and professes her love for Dek after her daughter Marlene refuses to have anything to do with Jimmy and is only ready to accept Dek as the father figure.'] ['The film is set in 1988 Los Angeles. Matt Franklin  is a recent MIT graduate who works at a Suncoast Video store while trying to figure out what he wants to do with his life, something that his LAPD father has grown impatient with. While working one day, Matt\'s high school crush, Tori Fredreking , randomly walks into the store. After pretending that he doesn\'t work there and saying that he works at Goldman Sachs in an effort to impress her, Tori invites Matt to a Labor Day party, held by Matt\'s twin sister Wendy  and her boyfriend, Kyle Masterson . Later that night, Matt, Wendy, and Matt\'s best friend, Barry Nathan , head to the party. On the drive over, Barry steals a brand new Mercedes-Benz convertible from the car dealership he got fired from earlier that day, justifying his actions by saying that Matt needs the convertible if he really wants to impress Tori. The trio arrive at the party. While there, Matt catches up with an old classmate  and awkwardly tries to woo Tori, Barry snorts some cocaine he found in the glove box of the stolen convertible and gets involved in a dance-off, and Wendy\'s boyfriend proposes to her in front of everyone at the party. She says yes, upsetting Matt, who doesn\'t think that Kyle will support her in her plans to attend graduate school at the University of Cambridge. Tori eventually invites Matt and Barry to another party going on in Beverly Hills. Barry has a sexual encounter with an older woman while Matt and Tori continue to mingle with each other. They eventually leave the party and go into a neighbor\'s backyard where they jump on a trampoline, play truth or dare, and end up having sex. Afterwards, Matt confesses to Tori that he doesn\'t actually work at Goldman Sachs. Tori gets extremely upset and storms off, leaving Matt guilt-ridden. Later on, as Matt and Barry drive back to Kyle\'s party, Matt tells Barry about how he told Tori the truth about his job. Barry patronizes him for not trying to have just one night of enjoyment and attempts to lighten the mood by offering Matt a line of cocaine, despite him driving. Matt, feeling vulnerable, attempts to snort the cocaine, but ends up driving the convertible off the road and into a ditch. A police cruiser soon arrives, and it turns out to be Matt\'s dad and his police partner. Already disappointed with Matt\'s unwillingness to choose a career path, Mr. Franklin damages the convertible even more as a means of coercing Matt to get a better job in order to pay off the damages. He takes Matt and Barry into custody, but lets them off in a random neighborhood with a warning. Matt apologizes to his dad for being such a failure, to which his dad replies that because he\'s never even tried to succeed, he\'s actually less than a failure. Then, in a less condescending tone, he encourages Matt to take a shot at anything in life. Matt and Barry eventually make their way back to Kyle\'s party, where bets are being placed on who will ride "the ball," a giant, steel sphere that someone enters and gets rolled down a hill in . Matt finds Tori at the party and tries to apologize, but Tori is unwilling to forgive him. Feeling he has nothing to lose, Matt volunteers to ride the ball. When he does, however, the ball rolls downhill uncontrollably, hitting several parked cars and eventually flying off an embankment before landing in a swimming pool. Matt almost drowns as the ball sinks, but manages to escape just in time. Barry rushes to the scene and walks with Matt back to the party, which is beginning to wind down as the sun is coming up. Wendy shares her admissions letter from Cambridge with Kyle, where it is revealed that she did not make it in. Kyle is visibly relieved. This angers Wendy and, realizing that Matt was right all along, ends the engagement and breaks up with Kyle.\xa0Meanwhile, Matt makes one last attempt to make amends with Tori. She eventually forgives him after playing a little hard-to-get and gives him her phone number before leaving. Matt, Wendy, and Barry then leave the party to go get breakfast. In the ending scene, Matt\'s dad is investigating the scene where the steel ball was found. He finds Matt\'s Suncoast Video name tag floating in the pool, and smirks proudly.'] ['The story revolves around Bharathi and his family, consisting of his dad, mom, brother, sister-in-law and sister. Saravanan, a rich cloth merchant, is very particular that the Thirukural is recited regularly within his home and whenever Bharathi wants to please his dad, he recites a kural or two and proves an exemplary son, even though he is up to his youthful antics the rest of the time. In all, it’s a happy existence. Into this scenario comes love, in the form of Gayathri, whom Bharathi sights on the road one day, carrying a veena and hurrying to a college cultural, in a two wheeler, with a Brahmin priest. Bharathi falls for her and assumes that she is from his community and so there will be no opposition at home for marriage. When Gayathri comes home and sees the lifestyle and sacred atmosphere in the Bharathi household, she is worried. Bharathi and his family like her immensely and now want to meet her parents to fix the wedding. But the truth is, she hails from an entirely different background, that of a Royapuram family, with her brother Dhana , being a rowdy who hacks down people left and right. What’s more, her family’s large mansion, is in the middle of a fishing township, while she herself was sent into a city hostel to continue her education. The two families are as different as chalk and cheese! When Bharathi learns of this, he is disturbed. But his love wins and he decides to find a way out for marriage. So, he embarks on a strange plan. He persuades Dhana and his family, to masquerade as Brahmins and after much effort, even manages to teach them several Kurals to please his dad. Everything is smooth sailing when the two families meet at Bharathi’s home. But when Saravanan wants to go to the girl’s house for the engagement ceremony, Dhana is in a fix. How can he invite them to Royapuram and the settlement of huts reeking of fish and surrounded with his rowdy gang? So he decides to hire a house in Mylapore and lend himself some credibility in the eyes of Saravanan. All is going according to Bharathi’s plan, when a blast from the past steps in. An enemy of Saravanan, wants to destroy him and in the process reveal the secret Bharathi has been keeping from his family. Does Bharathi succeed or does Saravanan find out and raise hell? See the film to find out!'] ['Alex  is the author, who must repay a USD$100,000 debt to the Cuban mafia or face dire consequences. After his laptop is destroyed, he hires Emma , a stenographer who talks as much as she writes. As Alex dictates his novel to Emma, the movie cuts away to scenes from the novel, where Adam  interacts with a series of nannies  falling for the last one. Eventually life imitates art, and Alex and Emma fall in love.'] ["{{Plot}} The movie opens with scenes of an aerobics class juxtaposed with a classroom of students taking an examination. The movie's two protagonists are featured in these scenes, with Terry Green  participating in the aerobics and Bobby Chrystal  taking, not very well it turns out, his last high school final, in French. At first, Bobby's main goal for the summer before college appears to be losing his virginity, if not with his unrequited high school crush, Bonnie  who dates a college student, then with any takers. Soon, though, the poor results of the French final are in, and Bobby must take a make-up examination and score at least 85% in order to retain his acceptance at his father's alma mater, Yale University. Mr. Chrystal ([[Kevin McCarthy  hires Terry, a skilled French tutor, to live in the Chrystal home during the summer and work with Bobby on passing his exam. In addition to her normal compensation, Mr. Chrystal offers to give Terry a bonus payment of $10,000 should Bobby pass. Terry and Bobby begin working together but Bobby's lack of interest in both French and Yale soon become apparent. His real goal, he tells Terry, is to attend UCLA and study his true passion, astronomy. Terry is sympathetic but reminds Bobby that wherever he ends up going to college, he will need to pass his French final. With Terry's help, Bobby begins to make some progress. At night, after she thinks everyone in the Chrystal home is asleep, Terry uses the family's pool to skinny dip. However, Bobby sees her one night and begins watching her regularly . After one such evening, Bobby follows Terry back to her room, only to have her sneak up behind him and surprise him. Terry gently admonishes Bobby for spying on her but it is clear that they have a mutual attraction. Terry, however, has begun seeing a former boyfriend again, much to Bobby's displeasure. After yet another evening out with his friends, Bobby returns home to find an upset Terry, who had earlier discovered her boyfriend again cheating on her. They talk briefly and Terry later heads to the pool for her regular swim. Once she completes her lap she sees Bobby waiting for her at the end of the pool. Terry reacts by pulling Bobby into the pool with her and kissing him. Returning to Terry's room together, the two begin a love affair. The affair between Bobby and Terry progresses until the summer's end approaches and he has to take his French examination. Despite Terry's attempts to keep their relationship casual, Bobby has developed serious feelings for Terry and resists her insistence that the affair end once he takes his exam. Matters worsen when Mr. Chrystal, who himself lusts for Terry, sees his son and Terry kissing one night. After Bobby successfully passes the test with a score of 91%, Mr. Chrystal reveals to Bobby his promise to pay Terry the $10,000 bonus, implying that Terry's affection for Bobby was driven by greed. Bobby reacts by angrily telling his father that he will be attending UCLA, and not Yale, and storming out to find Terry. Once he finds her, he confronts her with what he has learned, calling her a hooker, leading Terry to slap him and deny his accusation. Afterward, Bobby seeks out Bonnie, his old crush, and, using his new-found confidence with women, is able to persuade her to begin dating him. Terry prepares to leave the Chrystal home and Bobby approaches her to say good-bye. He begins by apologizing to her for his rash accusations and then telling her that he will forget her. Terry tells him matter-of-factly that he will never forget her. The two share one last kiss, and Terry drives off. Bobby leaps into the air, looking forward to the rest of his life."] ["Alex , living in Venice Beach, is a struggling writer. One day, he meets Reena  at the beach. They spend time together and Alex starts to fall in love with her. However, some days later, Reena disappears at LAX. The only thing Alex knows about her is that she's from Thakur Village, Mumbai, India - so he follows her there. In India, he discovers, with the help of his new driver Priyad  that Reena is the greatest film star of Bollywood and engaged to Shekar, an influential Bollywood producer. Alex stays with Bobby K. , a friend of Reena and a big Bollywood actor himself - while Alex is struggling with his own romance, Bobby starts to fall for his choreographer, Alisha , an old friend from his past he very much disappointed by simply forgetting about her when he became famous. Reena, hesitant to break off an engagement arranged by her parents, feels that she owes Shekhar her entire career, while Alex is struggling with Reena's mother and Shekhar himself, who both feel that Reena and Alex might be too interested in each other. Bobby K. meanwhile, after a broken down car, gets stuck with Alisha in some abandoned hut at the beach, they have an opportunity to talk and make up, however shortly afterwards, a misunderstanding occurs and Alisha feels betrayed all over again. Reena, meanwhile, tells Alex to leave, as she is going to accept her family's wishes and will marry Shekhar in order to preserve the tradition of an arranged marriage. Alex is all ready to leave India and Bobby finds out that Shekhar is having an affair with a co-worker . Reena's parents tell her not give up her happiness and tell her to go after Alex, Bobby clarifies the misunderstanding between him and Alisha and makes her pursue her dreams and Reena stops Alex to leave the country after a rickshaw chase. Everything ends well and Reena and Alex, after professing their love for each other, get married."] ["Compulsive gambler Charlie Gordon, hiding out from his various bookies and loan sharks, cons his brother-in-law, widower Herb Sullivan, into an all expenses-paid luxury Holland America cruise. The catch, which Charlie does not reveal to Herb until the ship has left port, is that they are required to work as dance hosts and must sleep in a cramped cabin in the bowels of the ship. Ruled over by tyrannical, control-freak cruise director Gil Godwin , they do their best, despite Charlie's not actually being able to dance. Each meets a lady of interest. One is the luscious heiress Liz LaBreche, whose wealth attracts Charlie every bit as much as the rest of her does. The other is lovely widow Vivian, who is under the impression that Herb is a doctor, not a dancer. By the time Charlie literally drags ship owner Mrs. Carruthers across the dance floor, the boys aren't sure if they will find true love or need to abandon ship."] ["The film centers on the relationship of exotic dancer Angéla  and her lover Émile . Angéla wants to have a child, but Émile isn't ready. Émile's best friend Alfred  also says he loves Angéla, and keeps up a gentle pursuit. Angéla and Émile have their arguments about the matter; at one point, as they have decided not to speak with each other, they pull books from the shelf and, pointing to the titles, continue their argument. Since Émile stubbornly refuses her request for a child, Angéla finally decides to accept Alfred's plea and sleeps with him. Since she shows she will do what she needs to have a child, she and Émile finally make up so that he might have a chance to become the father."] ["Giulia  and Carlo  have been happy together for three years, but Giulia's announcement that she is pregnant sends him into a secret panic. Terrified at his imminent entry into the adult world of irreversible responsibilities, Carlo finds himself tempted by a bewitching 18 year old girl, Francesca , whom he meets by chance at a wedding. The possibility of one last youthful crazy fling before the impending prison of parenthood proves to be too attractive to resist. But a short-term fling with Francesca comes with serious consequences that threaten to damage his three-year relationship with Giulia, who is expecting a baby girl. At the same time, it also dashes the idealistic hopes of Francesca, who dreams of a beautiful future with him. After a raucous quarrel in the night, Carlo goes to Francesca's house, where they have sex. However, the morning after, reality sinks on Carlo and the enormity of what he had done surfaces. But it is not easy for Giulia to forgive, or to trust him again."] ["Zombie Honeymoon centers around the doomed love story of Denise  and Danny  Zanders, whose honeymoon is disrupted by an attack that turns Danny into a zombie. Denise is torn between her desire to protect her husband and her revulsion at what he is becoming. American newlyweds Denise and Danny have just begun their month-long honeymoon by the ocean in New Jersey when Denise witnesses a ragged man, fully clad, emerging from the water. She screams to rouse her sleeping husband, but it is too late; the zombie attacks. Holding Danny down, he vomits a black, viscous fluid into Danny's mouth before collapsing. Rushed to the hospital, Danny cannot be revived, but as the doctor is telling Denise that her husband is dead he reanimates on his own. Soon after his release, it becomes clear to Denise that all is not well. The vegetarian Danny is craving meat. When Denise finds that her husband is struggling with compulsive cannibalism, she is horrified, but compelled by love and pity to clean up after him and protect him. Her efforts to help him overcome his urges prove futile. Danny's body count mounts while his willpower deteriorates as quickly as his decomposing flesh. Though Denise has not been able to bring herself to flee her husband, even as he kills their closest friends, the remaining bonds of love that have held Danny back from killing his bride seem to have dissolved. He attacks her and forces her down, beginning to produce the viscous fluid that had transformed him. Just before infecting Denise, he turns his head, sparing her his fate. He apologizes to her as he finally dies. Denise, after tenderly disposing of his body, goes back to the beach, where she remembers better times between them and looks to the tickets that the pair had purchased to start their dream life in Portugal."] ["Beom-soo is a traffic control officer who aspires to become a baseball umpire. By chance he meets Hyun-joo, a theatre major who crashes her car into a tree while he is on duty. Instead of fining her, Beom-soo gives her driving lessons and they soon become friends, exchanging letters with each other when Hyun-joo returns to university. When they next meet in person Beom-soo declares his love for her, only for Hyun-joo to reject him as she plans to go overseas to study. Three years later, Beom-soo is making his debut as a professional baseball umpire, and his feelings of love are reignited when he realises that up-and-coming actress Yoo Ha-rin is none other than Hyun-joo. The two are eventually reunited via the baseball field and resume their relationship, though Hyun-joo's affections are also pursued by Ji-min, the president of an advertising company for which she has appeared in a series of commercials. Hyun-joo eventuntually rejects Ji-min and shows up at the opening game of the Korean Series to throw the first ball, where she kisses Beom-soo in the middle of the field."] ['Awkward and shy 16-year-old high-schooler Ted Stroehmann  lands a prom date with his dream girl Mary Jensen , only to have it cut short by a painful and embarrassing zipper accident. After the ordeal garners the attention of numerous members of the household and community, Ted is finally carted off to the hospital. He subsequently loses touch with Mary. Thirteen years later, Ted is still in love — maybe even obsessed — with Mary. On the advice of his best friend Dom, he hires sleazy private detective Pat Healy to track her down. Healy finds that she is an orthopedic surgeon living in Miami with her friend, Magda, but Healy falls in love with the irresistible Mary as well. Healy resorts to lying, cheating, stalking, and drugging Magda\'s dog to win Mary but is exposed by Mary\'s architect friend, Tucker, who is heavily reliant on crutches, and speaks with a posh English accent. Tucker, however, turns out to be a fraud himself, an able-bodied and entirely American pizza boy who is also in love with Mary. Tucker drives potential rivals away by slander, among them Brett Favre . Ted, aided by Dom, drives down to Florida and seems to have won Mary\'s love, until an anonymous letter exposes his being less than honest about his link to Healy. While Ted confronts Healy and Tucker, Mary is confronted by Dom, who turns out to be her former boyfriend Woogie, who "got weird on her" back in high school, setting up the original prom scenario. Having found out that Tucker also lied about Mary\'s former love interest, football player Brett Favre, Ted decides that Mary should be with Brett, as Brett was the only one who did not resort to deceit to win Mary. After reuniting Brett and Mary, Ted leaves tearfully but Mary chases after him, preferring him over Brett because she is a 49ers fan. The film concludes with the two engaging in a kiss while a guitarist  who narrates/sings along all the story is accidentally shot by Magda\'s boyfriend who was trying to shoot Ted so he could win over Mary.'] ['Meek, aging, hypochondriac stage producer J.J. Hobart , who always thinks he is about to die, is going to mount a new show, but his partners Morty Wethered  and Tom Hugo  lost the money for the show in the stock market. On the advice of chorus girl Genevieve Larkin , they insure J.J. for a million dollars, so that when he dies, they will have the money they need to produce the show. Genevieve\'s friend, ex-chorus girl Norma Perry  is sweet on insurance salesman Rosmer "Rossi" Peck , and he writes the policy. When Rossi\'s boss, Andy Callahan  finds out how old J.J. is, he is afraid he wil not pass the physical, but when Hobart does, Rossi decides he has to keep J.J. alive as long as possible, to reap the rewards of his sale. On the other hand, Morty and Hugo have everything to gain if J.J. dies, and they try to help things along. When that fails, they talk Genevieve into seducing J.J., but she ends up falling in love with him instead. Rossi finds out the reason for the insurance policy, and talks his boss, Callahan, into investing in J.J.\'s show, to save the company the money it would have to pay if J.J. dropped dead after learning he was broke and could not put on the show. When the show is a success Genevieve and J.J. get married, and so do Norma and Rossi.IMDB Plot Summary, TCM Full Synopsis'] ['The plot, if there is one, is really quite simple but made out to be complicated by eliminating little details of relationships that sort themselves out as the movie draws to a close. Neha , her half-witted brother and their cousin Mickey  live for some unknown reason with their grandmother, Nagma in a mansion in Lahore. Zarro , yet another grandchild based in the US, arrives for a holiday to celebrate Basant and promptly becomes the target of Mickey\'s ardent love and Sardar Omer Daraz Khan\'s  lecherous yearnings, simultaneously. Meanwhile Lachhi  is a village girl in love with Yawar , while Jogi ([[Shaan  is enamored by her. Yawar comes to stay with his uncle who is a gardener in the mansion and Zarro and he fall in love. You have to watch the three-hour movie if you wish to find out who ends up with who, and more importantly, how, and whether the villainous Sardar gets away with his villainy.With hardly a plot to boast of, the film required an extremely strong script in order to win the audience\'s interest. Instead, what is amazing is the senseless banter and ridiculous dialogues that most of the stars indulge in for the better part of the movie. Void of humour, they fail to amuse and the only witty dialogue that comes to mind is when a gay offers himself to Sardar Omer saying, "I\'m homeopathic you know, if I am of no value, I won\'t be harmful either." The one or two quick repartees during the climax scene, when Zarro is kidnapped and her allies are trying to rescue her, are the rare moments when one is exposed to some wit.'] ["Jack  is a shy limousine driver who lives with and works for his uncle. His best friend and fellow co-worker Clyde  and Clyde's wife Lucy  set up a dinner date at their house for him to meet Lucy's new co-worker, Connie  who has some minor intimacy issues of her own. As Jack and Connie get to know each other, he sets his sights on learning to swim so he can take her boating when summer comes. With Clyde eager to help him learn, they begin swimming lessons. Jack decides that summer is too far away to wait for a date with Connie. He decides that a nice dinner would be a good place to start. When Connie says that no one has ever cooked a meal for her, Jack decides that he wants to be the chef and cook for her. This adds another set of lessons to be learned as Jack does not know how to cook. Clyde sets Jack up with a chef friend of Lucy's to learn the culinary art form. As Jack strives to perfect swimming and cooking, he begins to get a look behind the veil of the marriage of his friends, which is straining under the weight of mutual occasional infidelities. As Jack and Connie grow closer, the troubles of his friends' marriage become more apparent, and Jack grows in confidence and skill not just aquatically and in culinary arts, but in relating to Connie and other people in his life on a more meaningful level."] ["Nora Wilder , a single, career woman works at a Manhattan boutique hotel where her excellent skills in guest relations lack in the romantic department. If it is not her loving and dominant mother  attempting to set her up that consistently fail, she has her friend’s  disastrous blind dates to rely on as a backup for further dismay. She's surrounded by friends who are all happily engaged or romantically involved and somehow, love escapes Nora -- until she meets an unusual Frenchman  who helps her discover life beyond her self-imposed boundaries. Also stars Griffin Dunne, Justin Theroux and Drea de Matteo. The film screened at the 2007 Sundance Film Festival, and ultimately garnered five award nominations, among them the Independent Spirit Award for Best First Screenplay.http://www.google.com/search?clienten&qUTF-8&oe=UTF-8 Retrieved on 2009-04-10"] ['10-year-old Gabe  meets 11-year-old Rosemary Telesco , a girl he\'s known since kindergarten. But after being partnered with her for sparring in karate class, he suddenly notices her as a girl, not another face. To Gabe\'s elation, they begin spending time together and he is completely enamored with not only her, but her life. He discovers that Rosemary is soon leaving for camp for six weeks and won\'t be back until summer\'s end. She lives with her loving upper-class parents  on the edge of Central Park. Rosemary\'s parents take her and Gabe to hear a jazz pianist at The Carlyle, where the young twosome finally hold hands. After the show, Rosemary\'s parents tell them to say goodnight and her parents go to get milk. After the parents leave, Rosemary starts talking to Gabe, which he interrupts by kissing her. The Telescos\' life is in contrast to Gabe\'s; he lives with his soon-to-be-divorcing parents , who have declared an awkward truce while waiting for their divorce to be finalized. As their relationship progresses, Gabe begins to question what is happening to him and why he is falling in love with Rosemary. When things seem to be going perfectly, Gabe\'s world is suddenly turned upside down. With their remaining time running out, Gabe tries to move closer to Rosemary but only drives her away. In a desperate move to win Rosemary back, Gabe tests for his yellow belt, but fractures his hand in a painful  attempt to break a board. Being crushed with what love really is, he learns from his father that the parents\' marriage fell apart because of things left unsaid. Realizing he is out of time, Gabe goes to find Rosemary. He interrupts her during the wedding reception she is attending and declares his love. Taken aback, Rosemary replies she doesn\'t think she is mature enough to be ready for love, but is really happy to see Gabe. She asks for a dance and Gabe agrees. As they dance, Gabe muses that he and Rosemary were on different paths – "like two ships that passed in Sheep Meadow." He returns home to find his parents laughing over their honeymoon experiences. Gabe is pleased and surprised when his father says he "cleared out some old stuff" and his parents appear to have reconciled. They happily go out for dinner, and as the movie ends, Gabe, narrating, summarizes what Rosemary meant to him: "...I\'m never gonna get another first love. That one is always gonna be her."'] ['J.C. Wiatt  is a driven Manhattan career woman  whose fast-paced lifestyle leaves her with no time for romance or relaxation, though she derives pleasure from her frantic schedule and demanding job. She works as a management consultant and lives with an investment banker  whose job and lifestyle are likewise hectic. Her life is thrown into turmoil when she inherits a toddler, Elizabeth , from a deceased cousin whom she hadn\'t seen since 1954. Soon, caring for the child occupies much of her time, and her business career begins to suffer, culminating in the loss of her boyfriend and job. Wiatt tries to give Elizabeth up for adoption, but finds that she has grown too attached to the child, forcing a reevaluation of her priorities. She moves into a house in the country in Vermont. Purchasing the home without first having seen it in person or having it inspected, she finds it is riddled with problems . Suffering a nervous breakdown and on the brink of financial collapse, she sees an opportunity to sell baby food applesauce she had concocted for Elizabeth made from fresh ingredients. Amid the clamor for her new products, she develops a relationship with local veterinarian Jeff Cooper . At first annoyed by him, she is opposed to Jeff\'s overtures and is focused now on as fast as possible to return to New York. Finding a buyer for the house proves almost impossible. After a rough start, she succeeds in selling her "Gourmet Baby Food", and soon business is booming. Finally, her old boss  and his client  take notice. They offer to buy her company for millions, take her product nationwide, and give her back her career and high-prestige lifestyle. On the brink of accepting, she decides that she can grow her enterprise on her own without having to sacrifice her personal life. She returns to Vermont to the arms of her new lover and adopted daughter.'] ["Marisa Ventura  is a single mother trying to get by with her young son Ty  by working as a maid for a classy hotel set in the heart of Manhattan. When not in school, Ty spends time among Marisa’s fellow hotel workers who think she is capable of being promoted to management. While Marisa and fellow maid Stephanie  are cleaning the room of a socialite, Stephanie convinces Marisa to try on a coat. The guest, Caroline Lane , had previously asked for it to be returned to the store and Stephanie argues that it “technically” doesn’t belong to anyone at the moment. Elsewhere in the hotel, Ty befriends hotel guest and senatorial candidate Christopher Marshall , whom Ty learns has an interest in Richard Nixon, the subject of his school presentation. Ty wants to go with Chris to walk his dog and the pair go to Caroline Lane’s room to ask Marisa for permission. Chris meets Marisa who is wearing the designer coat, and is instantly smitten with her. Of course, he assumes that she is Caroline Lane. The trio spend some time together in the park. Though Marisa and Chris are attracted to each other, Marisa is terrified that management will find out about the ruse and makes it a point to avoid Chris afterwards. Chris asks the hotel’s head butler Lionel Bloch  to invite “Caroline Lane” to lunch but he is confused when the real Caroline shows up instead of Marisa. Ironically, Marisa was present when she received the invitation and even offered Caroline some advice on what to wear for their “Lunch à deux”. However, when the real Caroline shows up, Chris asks his assistant Jerry Siegal  to find “the other Caroline Lane” promising that he will attend an important dinner and wishes her go with him. Jerry asks Lionel to find her. Lionel, who has figured out that Marisa is the woman Chris has been looking for, tells her to go to the dinner and end the affair swiftly if she wants to keep her possible future in hotel management. He and the hotel staff assist her in preparing for the evening by styling her hair, loaning her an expensive dress, and a spectacular necklace. However, Marisa is unable to end the affair, and she spends the night in Chris's hotel room. The next morning, Marisa is spotted by the real Caroline Lane and her friend leaving Chris' room. Caroline blurts out the truth to the hotel management and Marisa is fired in front of Chris in Lane’s hotel suite. Both Marisa and Chris spend some time apart with him still thinking about her and Marisa hounded by the press and her disapproving classist mother Veronica . Some time later, Marisa has obtained another job as a maid at another hotel. Chris is giving a press conference in the same hotel and Ty attends it and asks Chris whether people should be forgiven if they make mistakes referencing former President Richard Nixon. Ty leads him to the staff–room where Marisa is having her break. Chris and Marisa are reunited and the film ends with images of publications showing that Chris has been elected, he and Marisa are still together after one year, Marisa has started her own hospitality business, and Marisa’s maid friends have been promoted to management."] ["The film opens as Bobby James with friends Phones, Hoppy, Gordo, and a myriad of extras skate to work on the Venice, California boardwalk. Meanwhile in Beverly Hills, Terry Barkley, genius flautist is also heading towards the beach in her Excalibur Phateon car. She also is joined by her stuck-up girlfriend Lana. Bobby is skating on the boardwalk with a female friend when he encounters Terry. But she remains aloof and spurns his advance. Later they meet at a local skating rink called Jammers. During a near catastrophic skating incident where Bobby saves the day, she gives in. Terry wants to pay him to teach her how to skate for the Roller Disco contest. Even though they share a flirty, romantic couples skate, later on she rebuffs him yet again. The next day has both Terry and Bobby getting flack from their respected friends and family. She has had enough and goes to the beach. She finds Bobby there, practicing a jump and turns on the charm. He shares with her his dream to become an Olympic Roller Skater. They end up making out on the beach. Bobby asks her if she's going to pay him for sex as well, which garners a mighty slap in return and she takes off. Terry goes home and has a row with her mother. She wants to give up her dreams of playing Classical Flute at Juilliard School and win a roller disco contest at the beach. Her mom is shocked, enough so she needs a Valium. Terry decided to run away. The next morning, she calls and invites Bobby to breakfast where she apologizes. He wants to skate with her, but on his terms: no money; he calls the shot. Through a series of outdoor scenes we see them work together to form a routine. Unfortunately, Jammers is about to be sold to a ruthless mob developer. Bobby and Terry are clued into this plot and try to get her father, a lawyer, to help. But he refuses. The skaters find evidence to kill the deal and race to get it to the cops on time. They do, the mobsters are hauled off and the Boogie Contest is on. Terry and Bobby skate their routine and win. Later on, back at the beach Terry and Bobby share a sad goodbye. Both promise to write each other as she heads off to New York City and him to the Olympics."] ["Ramu Gupta , a dance teacher, leaves his native city Delhi, India, to seek his fortune in the United States. He is lured by the exaggerations of his cousin, Vijay, who has already moved to New York City. Vijay's deception is the first of several that drive the plot. Seeking work as an actor, the naïve Ramu unknowingly lands a role in a pornographic film. That evening he accompanies Vijay and his roommates on a catering job at a society birthday party. When the Indian swami hired to address the party falls into drunken oblivion, Ramu takes his place. Lacking a real philosophy, he improvises by repeating advice he had been given by Sharonna ([[Heather Graham , an adult film actress he met earlier. Lexi , the birthday girl, is so impressed that she promotes him as a New Age sex guru to her friends. Ramu hires Sharonna, ostensibly for advice on how to be an actor in adult films, though what he really wants is more ideas he could use in his new role as the guru of sex. A personal relationship develops between the two, though Sharonna is engaged to a firefighter who thinks she's a school teacher. Complications ensue from these and other deceptions."] ['Maaf, Saya Menghamili Istri Anda is an Indonesian comedy movie. Dibyo is an unemployment that obsessed to become famous actor. He plays in the film, but only as an extra. He also had a bad luck in his relationship. His bad luck was changed when he met Mira, a pretty girl that evidently really likes with his style and humor. Their relations resulted in Mira being pregnant. Mira asked Dibyo’s responsibility. Dibyo even was happy and agreed to marry Mira, because finally he had good reason for marrying his sweetheart. Evidently Mira was still being tied as someone else wife, although they are separating the bed.'] ['Darren Silverman, Wayne LeFessier, and J.D. McNugent best friends since fifth grade and Neil Diamond fans throughout, form a Neil Diamond tribute band called "Diamonds in the Rough". Darren meets a beautiful but domineering psychologist, Judith Fessbeggler, through a chance encounter in a local bar after a band gig. Unfortunately, six weeks into their relationship, Judith is still making Darren watch her change clothes, and though sleeping together is satisfying for her, Darren gets nothing but a sore jaw. Judith isolates Darren from his friends, demands that Darren quit the band, receive humiliating medical procedures, and attend relationship counseling under her care. Wayne and J.D. decide to save Silverman from her by attempting to bribe her, arm wrestle her, and shock her with faked photographs of Darren cheating, all to no avail. The friends, undaunted, try to reunite Darren with his "one and only", Sandy Perkus, when she returns to Seattle to take her final vows as a nun. When Darren and Judith announce their engagement, Wayne and J.D. kidnap Judith. When they visit Coach Norton in jail, his advice is that they should just kill her. Sandy\'s feelings for Darren are reawakened, but the pair\'s attempted date is ruined by Darren\'s preoccupation with Judith. Sandy, disheartened, returns to the convent, but Darren snaps out of it and runs the 30 miles there to win her back. Chained to an engine block in J.D.\'s basement, Judith convinces J.D. he is gay. She knocks him unconscious to steal his keys and escape, only to be tranquilized with a dart gun by Wayne. Returned to the basement, Judith seduces Wayne into releasing one of her hands, so she escapes again. She runs to Darren\'s house in time to see him kiss Sandy, but shames him into confessing his engagement to Judith. Sandy, disheartened, returns to the convent again. Darren has Wayne and J.D. arrested. After escaping from jail with the help of Coach Norton, J.D. and Wayne rush to the convent on the brink of Sandy\'s final vows as a nun. They convince her that Darren still loves her. They then kidnap Neil Diamond to help Darren and Sandy reunite. At the wedding, Neil stalls the proceedings with song while Wayne and Judith beat each other up , Darren and Sandy reunite, and J.D. arrives holding Coach in his arms, and Coach asks him when will he get married and J.D. says he\'s gay and then Coach tells him that he is as well. On stage at the Neil Diamond concert that night, the priest weds Darren to Sandy, Wayne to Judith, and J.D. to Coach; the entire cast sings "Holly Holy".'] ["Story 1: Kamini and Rahul Born in Dehra Dun, temperamental and ambitious Kamna changes her name to Kamini Ranawat , hires Babu  as her manager and becomes one of the most sought-after heroines in Bollywood. As a publicity stunt to change her image from item queen and also to get the attention of filmmaker Karan Johar she says she is in love with a man named Rahul. In London a man saying he is Rahul Khanna  poses as her childhood sweetheart and future husband and Kamini has to play along otherwise she will not get the film deal she was looking for with Karan Johar. This results in a dilemma for her as Rahul reveals he loved her back when she was Kamna and she has to choose between her career and Rahul. Story 2: Gia and Shiven Gia Bakshi  lives with her dad, Col. Bakshi  and is in love with Shiven Dungarpur , both are to get married shortly, but Shiven starts to get cold feet thanks to a few misleading words about marriage from his friend Juggy . He decides to disappear from her life, leaving Col. Bakshi no alternative but to arrange Gia's marriage with Rohit Chhada . Story 3: Seema, Vinay, and Anjali Gia's sister, Seema , who lives in Britain, has been married to Vinay Malhotra  for 15 years, and they have two children. Vinay sees his life as boring and dull, until a woman named Anjali  comes into his life. The two start to meet and an affair starts, but while preparing to travel to India for Gia's marriage, Seema finds out that about Vinay's affair - leaving her heartbroken. Story 4: Ashutosh and Tehzeeb Ashutosh Raina ([[John Abraham  is a Hindu, but falls in love and gets married to Tehzeeb Hussain , who is Muslim, much to the chagrin of his father  who will not have anything to do with him. Tehzeeb is a TV news reporter, and while traveling on an inaugural train route, the train derails, Tehzeeb survives but loses her memory, and is unable to recall who Ashutosh is - and may not end up leaving him and returning to her parents' home. Story 5: Ajay and Stephanie Ajay  is a taxi driver who comes to the assistance of a Caucasian woman, Stephanie , who is frantically trying to hunt down her lover, Rohit Chhada . While Ajay drives her around all of Northern India finding Rohit he falls in love with her and finally drops her of to the venue where Rohit is getting ready to marry to Gia. Story 6: Ramdayal and Phoolwati Ramdayal  weds attractive Phoolwati  and would like to spend some intimate moments with her, but comical circumstances prevent him from doing so."] ["The film opens at a Moscow airport in summer 1963. A young man, Volodya , calls out to a young woman he sees singing to herself and dancing. :– Arriving or departing? :– Waiting for arrivals. :– Who is it? :– My husband. :– He's lucky to have someone to meet him. :– Get married, you'll have someone as well. :– And you are both happy? :– Yes, we are. :– It never happens. :– Believe me, it happens. Volodya is an aspiring writer from Siberia. His first short story has just been published in the magazine Yunost , and a famous author, Voronin, has invited him to Moscow to discuss his work. In the Moscow Metro Volodya unexpectedly makes a friend, Kolya , who is returning home after a hard night shift. Volodya wants to stay at his old friends' home, but he doesn't know where the necessary street is so Kolya decided to help him to find it. Unfortunately, a dog bites Volodya near Clean Ponds. Then Kolya decided to help his new friend again - they both came to Kolya's home where Kolya sews Volodya's trousers and introduces him to Kolya's large family. Volodya recognised that his old Moscow friends aren't in Moscow  and Volodya stays at Kolya's. Then Volodya goes for a walk. At last alone, Kolya decided to sleep, but then came his old friend Sasha . Sasha is in trouble - he was planning on marrying his fiancée Sveta today, but he has been called up for military service. He begs Kolya to help him. Kolya helps. Then two young men go to the Main Department Store to buy a suit for a bridegroom and they meet Volodya there . Then friends decided to buy a present for a bride and they go to the music shop, because the saleswoman, Alyona  is an old friend of Kolya..."] ["Alessa Woo , an art gallery employee in Toronto, has built an image as a rich heiress, but is in dire financial straits. She attempts to court rich men to feed her lifestyle, but is prone to changing partners. One day, talented aboriginal artist Ben Crowchild  moves into the apartment next door, leading to the two sharing a bathroom. In order to spurn a persistent suitor, Nathan , Woo takes hold of Crowchild and kisses him. The two later become friends with benefits. Soon, Woo is approached by the idly rich art collector Patrick Aucoin , who proposes to her; Woo becomes tempted. However, she has developed feelings for the seemingly unwealthy Crowchild. Crowchild, who has similar emotions, reveals to her that he was adopted by Aucoin's father and that he himself is rich, but posing as a poor artist to be better received by the community. Woo and Crowchild become a couple."] ["Kiki  is a hapless French chorus girl who has just been fired from her job. She doesn't accept it and goes to see producer Victor Randall ([[Reginald Denny . He, however, is really busy and is annoyed by her presence. To get her out of his office, he promises her job back. Before she leaves, she drops her purse and clippings of Victor shaped in hearts fall out. It becomes clear Kiki is secretly in love with him. When the next show becomes a disaster because of Kiki, she is again fired. She goes complaining at Victor Randall's office for the second time. He is now charmed by her and invites Kiki to his apartment. There, she notices a photo of his ex-wife Paulette Vaile . He kisses her, but she is insulted and slaps him. She hides in another room and makes clear she feels used and thinks Victor is still not over Paulette. She eventually falls asleep in the room and finds a letter from Paulette the next morning. Although it's for Victor, she reads it. It says she is sorry about last night and wants to make up with Victor. Kiki becomes jealous and ruins the letter. Meanwhile, the servants are irritated by Kiki and try to get her out of Victor's apartment. Victor confronts her when the servants inform him Kiki has stolen a few of Paulette's letters. He eventtually finds the letters and reads them. Victor and Kiki have a conversation and flirt for the first time. Kiki becomes angry when Victor receives a phone call from Paulette and answers it. Paulette later visits Victor's apartment. Kiki is outraged and tells Paulette she is in love with Victor and intends to marry him. Victor catches Kiki intimidating and scaring Paulette and orders her to get out. Victor and Paulette fall in love with each other again, but they find out Kiki hasn't left the apartment. Kiki pretends to be unconscious. Victor puts her in bed to rest and Kiki kisses him. He tells Paulette he can't leave Kiki alone. Paulette feels betrayed and leaves him. Victor and Kiki finally fall in love and kiss."] ['Margaret Tate  is the executive editor in chief of a book publishing company. After learning she is about to be deported to Canada because of an expired visa, she persuades her assistant, Andrew Paxton , to marry her. Mr. Gilbertson , informs them that he suspects they are committing fraud to avoid Margaret\'s deportation. Gilbertson tells them that they\'ll be asked questions about each other separately. If their answers don\'t match, Margaret will be deported to Canada and Andrew will be convicted of a felony punishable by a $250,000 fine and five years in prison. Andrew insists that Margaret make him an editor after their marriage and publish his book. Margaret agrees. The couple travels to Sitka, Alaska, Andrew\'s home town, to meet his family. Margaret meets Andrew\'s mother Grace  and grandmother Annie a.k.a "Gammy" . During the trip to the family home, Margaret notices that nearly every shop in town carries the name Paxton and learns that Andrew\'s family is in fact very wealthy. During a welcome home party, Andrew confronts his father, Joe , who is angry about Andrew\'s dating the boss he has so long disliked and thinks he is using her to get ahead in his career. After their argument, Andrew announces the engagement to everyone. Margaret also meets Gertrude , Andrew\'s ex-girlfriend. After the party is over, Grace and Gammy show Margaret and Andrew the bedroom they will share during the weekend. The next day, Grace and Annie take Margaret to a local bar to watch a strip dance by a locally famous but over-the-hill exotic dancer, Ramone . Stepping away from the show, Margaret learns from Gertrude that Andrew wanted to become an editor and make his own life and that Andrew had proposed to Gertrude. However, Gertrude refused because she didn\'t want to leave Sitka for New York. Returning home, Margaret learns of the conflict between Andrew and Joe. That night, Margaret asks Andrew about his relationship with his father, but Andrew refuses to talk. Instead, Margaret opens up to Andrew. The next day, the family convinces them to marry while they\'re in Sitka. After Margaret realizes how close Andrew\'s family is, she becomes upset, gets on Andrew\'s boat, and speeds away from town with him. She tells him she has been alone since she was sixteen years old after her parents died and had forgotten what it felt like to have a family. She lets go of the helm and stumbles to the back of the boat. Andrew makes a sharp turn to avoid hitting a buoy, and Margaret falls out of the boat. Andrew quickly turns the boat around and saves her. At the wedding ceremony, Margaret confesses the truth about the wedding to the guests, including Gilbertson, who informs her she has twenty four hours to leave for Canada. Margaret returns to the Paxton home to pack her things. Andrew rushes to their room only to find Margaret has already left, leaving his book manuscript with a note of praise and a promise to publish it. Gertrude attempts to comfort Andrew and asks if he is going to go after her. As he rushes out of the house to find Margaret, another argument arises between him and Joe. Annie fakes a heart attack and convinces them to reconcile before she "passes away". Annie admits faking the attack. Andrew\'s parents realize he really loves Margaret. Andrew goes to New York and tells Margaret he loves her in front of the entire office staff. They kiss and then go to Gilbertson and inform him they are again engaged, but for real this time.'] ['Retired school teacher and divorcee John Gustafson  and former TV repairman and widower Max Goldman , are former childhood friends and longtime next-door neighbors in Wabasha, Minnesota. Their rivalry began decades earlier when John had "stolen" Max\'s high school sweetheart, May, with whom John went on to marry and have two children with, daughter Melanie  and son Brian . Max went on to marry a woman named Amy, with whom he had his son Jacob . Despite their differences, both men lead similar boring and lonely single lives, and share a mutual love of the Minnesota winter pastime of ice fishing, as well as competing, arguing, insulting, and pulling cruel practical jokes on each other whenever possible. A subplot of the film involves John\'s ongoing issues with the Internal Revenue Service , owing thousands in back taxes, and his desperate attempts to avoid field agent Elliot Snyder . The vacant house across the street is being moved into, but neither Max or John know who the new neighbor is until both are awakened at 1:30 AM by the sound of a snowmobile racing up and down the street. They see their beautiful new neighbor is college professor Ariel Truax , who quickly becomes the talk of the town with her exuberant lifestyle and bizarre tactics to get to know her new neighbors. Their mutual lifelong friend Chuck , who owns the lakeside bait shop, advises that they take advantage of the opportunity, as does John\'s 94-year old father, John Sr. . But both men publicly act indifferent over the prospect. At Thanksgiving with their families, John and Max peer longingly out their windows at Ariel\'s house, when they see Chuck arrive at her place with roses and chocolates. Intrigued, both men speed to the bait shop the next morning to find out the details. Chuck says there was no sex, and describes being with Ariel was like being young again. This encourages John and Max to ask Ariel on a date later that evening. Max beats John over to Ariel\'s house, and they go ice fishing the next day. John goes to the bait shop, finding it closed and padlocked, and learns that Chuck has died in his sleep. When Max arrives home, gloating over his "victory" with Ariel, John informs him of Chuck\'s death, and after nearly coming to blows, both men go inside to deal with their grief. John then angrily answers a knock at his door and finds Elliot Snyder, the IRS Agent who he had been avoiding. After arriving back home later that evening, he finds Ariel in his kitchen cooking a meal for them. It seems Ariel has more of a connection to John, due in part to their careers in education. They continue to enjoy fun and intimate moments with each other, until one evening Ariel decides to spend the night. That next morning, after learning what happened, an enraged Max pushes the feud to the next level by using his truck to push John\'s ice shanty towards thin ice with John still in it. John angrily confronts Max, who accuses John of stealing Ariel like he did years earlier with May. After the skirmish is broken up by John Sr., Max painfully reminds John of his tax problems, and that he cannot wait around for another Amy. John decides to let Max "win" and breaks up with Ariel, who does not take the news well. John enters a depression that only worsens when Max and Ariel begin spending time together, culminating on Christmas Eve when his daughter Melanie comes over with her estranged husband Mike , whom John is not fond of. After arguing with Mike, John abruptly leaves and heads to a local tavern. Jacob shows up at the Gustafsons to wish "Merry Christmas" to Melanie, when she asks if he can help get their fathers to make peace for Christmas. Jacob demands Max to end the feud, and go make peace. Max has no idea that John is depressed over Ariel, and when Max\'s half-hearted peacemaking efforts prove futile, John questions Max\'s love for Ariel and leaves. Finally realizing that John loves Ariel, Max leaves moments later to finish the conversation, but finds John in a snowdrift suffering a massive heart attack. With John clinging to life in a hospital, Max decides to call off the feud, and tell Ariel everything. She then goes to the hospital and reconciles with him. While John is recovering, an unsympathetic Mr. Snyder discloses to Max that John owes $57,000 due to penalties and interest, and plans to get the money by selling his house. Max then barricades John\'s front door, and gets Jacob, now mayor of Wabasha, to get an injunction against the IRS from seizing John\'s property. John and Ariel marry several months later, as Max helps pay John\'s taxes, thanks to Jacob\'s getting the penalties and interest waived and Max putting up the $13,000 he owes as a loan. That night, Max goes to a VFW event in hopes of meeting a woman. His son, Jacob, takes that opportunity to go to John\'s house to visit Melanie. As the credits are rolling, many outtakes of the film play including several alternate versions of the scene involving Jack Lemmon and Burgess Meredith at the window as they watch Chuck woo Ariel. Later, at the end of the credits, Walter Matthau is taking a bath, saying directly to the audience, "If I knew there was a nude scene in this picture, I would have asked for another million!"'] ["Thirty-year-old Javier  is a surgeon and in his free time works as a disc jockey. He decides to marry and move to the United States with his girlfriend María . They make all their plans; they wed, and then María is the first to move and make contacts in their new home, while Javier packs up in Argentina and prepares to start his new life in the States. While he is on the way to the airport, he receives a call from María telling him that she is confused and has been seeing someone else. With no home, job, or girlfriend, Javier moves in with his parents and starts seeing a therapist, which doesn't work. To avoid the loneliness he buys a Great Dane puppy and tries to meet new girls. When he gets tired of having the dog, he meets Julia . He finds an apartment and gets a job in a plastic surgery clinic. However, María calls, telling him that she is coming back to Argentina. She needs him and wants to be sure that they will be back together and that Javier will forgive her. Now he needs to make a decision, Julia also waits for an answer, and Javier isn't the same person he was before all this happened."] ['Shampoo is set during a 24-hour period in 1968, on the eve of a presidential election that would result in Richard Nixon\'s election to the American presidency. George Roundy  is a successful Beverly Hills hairdresser, whose occupation and charisma have provided him the perfect platform from which to meet, and bed, beautiful women, including his current girlfriend Jill . Despite this, George is dissatisfied with his professional life; he is clearly the creative star of the salon, but is forced to play second fiddle to the "nickel-and-diming," mediocre hairdresser who owns the place. He dreams of setting up his own salon business, but lacking the cash to do so, turns to wealthy lover Felicia  and her unsuspecting husband Lester  to bankroll him. George\'s meeting with Lester supplies a second secret for him to keep from his would-be benefactor: Lester\'s current mistress, Jackie , is George\'s former girlfriend, perhaps the most serious relationship he has ever had. Lester, who assumes George is gay, invites him to escort Jackie to a Republican Party election night soiree, at which George finds himself in the same room as a number of present and former sexual partners. The principals adjourn to a posh counterculture party, and the night quickly descends into drugs, alcohol and sexual indulgence. In the film\'s dramatic climax, Lester and Jill happen upon George and Jackie having vigorous sex on a kitchen floor. Just before their identities are revealed, an impressed Lester exclaims: "Now, that\'s what I call fucking!" When Jill recognizes the writhing couple, she throws a chair at them; as George backpedals, trying to placate Jill, Jackie sees him for the cad he is, and flees. George realizes that Jackie is his true love and proposes to her. By then, however, it is too late: Jackie announces that Lester is divorcing Felicia and taking Jackie to Acapulco. With Felicia gone, Jill gone, and now Jackie gone, the film thus pairs sexual revelation with George\'s deeper moral development, but ends bleakly for the protagonist, despite his epiphany.'] ["Larry Martin  is an American entertainer in the Casino Samba in Rio de Janeiro. He has a skit in his show, making fun of the womanizing Baron Manuel Duarte . On one particular evening, the Baron and his wife, Baroness Cecilia Duarte  come to see Larry's impersonation. To the surprise of the couple, the act is amazingly realistic. Backstage, the Baron meets Larry's girlfriend, Carmen , and invites her to a party he is going to hold. Carmen declines. Later in the evening, Larry meets Cecilia and is attracted to her singing and her beauty. He does an impersonation of the Baron for her. But the real Baron receives a telegram that his airline is in danger because a contract is not being renewed and he has already purchased 51% of the stock. Needing money to repay the bank he borrowed it from, he flies down to Buenos Aires. Larry is hired to play the Baron to confuse his rival, Machado , but at the stock market, he buys the remainder of the airline stock. That evening, at the party, Larry is hired again to play the Baron. He does not want the Baroness to know, but Cecilia is informed without his knowing. He sweeps her off her feet and they stay close to each other for the remainder of the evening. Meanwhile, Carmen is furious to discover that Larry is at the party and decides to go there as well, where she discovers that he is impersonating the Baron. To make matter worse, the real Baron returns to his house, confusing all involved. Machado corners Larry instead and talks to him in French, which Larry can't understand. After the party, the Baron discovers that Cecilia was flirting with Larry for the evening and tries to play the joke on her. She, however, inadvertently turns the tables on him. To get back at his wife, the next morning, the Baron calls and tells Cecilia that his plane has just landed. Cecilia is scared that she has been unfaithful to Manuel but Larry later tells her the truth. At the office, Machado gives the Baron a payment of $32 million for his airline, the topic of his conversation with Larry. The Baron heads home but Cecilia tries one more time to get back at him by pretending to make violent love to Larry. It turns out to be the Baron and all is soon resolved in the end."] ["Dr. Sullivan Travis   is a wealthy Dallas gynecologist for some of the wealthiest women in Texas who finds his life beginning to fall apart starting when his wife, Kate , suffers a nervous breakdown and is committed to the state mental hospital. Dr. T's eldest daughter, Dee Dee , is planning to go through with her approaching wedding despite the secret that she is romantically involved with Marilyn , the maid of honor. Dr. T's youngest daughter, Connie , is a spunky conspiracy theorist who has her own agenda, while Dr. T's loyal secretary, Carolyn , has romantic feelings for him, which are not mutual. Dr. T's sister-in-law, Peggy , meddles in every situation she stumbles into, while one woman, Bree , a golf instructor, offers him comfort."] ['The film begins as Marcus Graham  enters Chantress, the company that he works for as an advertisement executive. It is quickly established that he is quite the ladies\' man, as he tells his assistant to send flowers to nine different women, with cards reading "only thinking of you." When he enters his office, Nelson , one of the creative minds also in Marcus\' department, shows Marcus a re-cut he\'s done of one of the ads they\'ve been working on. Marcus tells Nelson, who\'s very creative but also very risqué and overtly sexual with his style, that he must re-edit the ad, as some of the material may be offensive to women. Nelson reluctantly agrees, then leaves. The next day, Marcus meets Lady Eloise , the head of the company which will soon be acquiring Chantress in a business merger. She suggests that Marcus may be promoted to head of the marketing department, and invites him to her home for dinner that evening. Marcus realizes she intends to have her way with him, and thinking of the promotion, goes through with it and spends the night with her. The next day at work, he meets Jacqueline Broyer , a beautiful woman who tells Marcus that Lady Eloise has had no position in the company for a number of years, but uses her image to her advantage. Marcus realizes that Jacqueline is going to be given the job he wanted, and will soon become his boss. At the party being held for the companies\' merger, Marcus tells his friends Tyler  and Gerard  he\'s thinking about resigning since he\'s not going to be promoted. While there, Jacqueline introduces him to Angela Lewis , who works in the art department, and tells him the two of them should be working together. Also, everyone in the party is introduced to Strangé , the wild fashion diva who\'s been chosen as the new face of Lady Eloise Cosmetics. While looking for Jacqueline, Marcus bumps into Angela, and when he spots Jacqueline, introduces Angela to Gerard so that he can go and catch up with her. When he attempts to woo Jacqueline, she tells him she doesn\'t date co-workers. Marcus however still believes he will be made the exception because of her flirtatious nature towards him. Some time later at the office, Jacqueline tells Marcus they should go over some of their work together, and Marcus suggests they do it at his place over dinner, to which Jacqueline agrees. Marcus also finds out that Angela and Gerard will be going out that night. Both couples meet that evening, and ironically, Gerard, who\'s not as successful with women as Marcus, ends up having the better evening with Angela, while Jacqueline and Marcus eat dinner in front of the TV, which doesn\'t leave much time for the two to establish any sort of chemistry. Later, the two are sent on a business trip in New Orleans, and they eventually have sex while there. Marcus, who assumes that he and Jacqueline are now a couple, is rather shocked to find that Jacqueline feels they should take it slowly, and isn\'t as enthusiastic about their relationship as he is. While he feels he\'s falling in love, he doesn\'t understand how she can be so careless and inconsiderate about his feelings. After Marcus finds out that Jacqueline has told some of their personal business to Strangé, he tells her that the two of them should take a break for a while. Jacqueline gets the last word however, when she bluntly tells Marcus "it\'s over." Distraught about their breakup, Marcus\' work ethic begins to lag, and after he ruins a major business proposal , Jacqueline decides rather than fire him, she\'ll give him a few weeks off work to get himself together. During this time, Marcus begins to hang out with Angela, who tries to help bring him out of the funk he\'s in. On Thanksgiving, Marcus, Angela, Tyler, Gerard and his parents get together for dinner. While eating, Angela and Gerard tell his parents that they aren\'t a couple, when his father assumes that the two are. When everyone else leaves, Marcus and Angela clean up, and fall asleep on the couch together. When they wake up, the two begin to make out, and assumedly sleep together. While out with Gerard and Tyler, Marcus tells Gerard that he and Angela are going out together, which upsets Gerard, knowing Marcus\' past with women. Marcus, now much more relaxed and confident, becomes very attractive to Jacqueline again, and as he hadn\'t put away his feelings for her, the two end up sleeping together again one night. The next day, Angela confronts Marcus about his whereabouts the night before, knowing he was with Jacqueline. Upset by how Marcus makes himself out to be the victim, Angela angrily leaves. Marcus tries to go back to Jacqueline, then realizes his feelings for her aren\'t the same as his love for Angela. Later, Marcus talks to Gerard, and Gerard tells him that Angela got a promotion at a new company she\'s working for. Marcus apologizes to Gerard, and the two make up for the argument they had before. He then goes to Angela\'s new job, and though at first she is very cold towards him, she finally forgives him, and the two get back together.'] ["With his wife uninterested in fishing, Dr. Paul Martin goes on a holiday on the Cornwall coast alone. There he snags Miranda, a real mermaid, and is pulled into the water. She keeps him prisoner in her underwater cavern and only lets him go after he agrees to show her London. He disguises her as an invalid patient in a wheelchair and takes her to his home for a month-long stay. Martin’s wife Clare reluctantly agrees to the arrangement, but gets him to hire someone to look after their guest. He selects Nurse Carey for her eccentric nature and takes her into his confidence. To Paul's relief, Carey is delighted to be working for a mermaid. Miranda’s seductive nature earns her the admiration of not only Paul, but also his chauffeur Charles and Nigel, the fiancé of Clare's friend and neighbour Isobel, arousing the jealousy of the women in their lives. Nigel breaks off his engagement, but when he and Charles discover that Miranda has been flirting with both of them, they come to their senses. Clare finally figures out what sort of creature Miranda really is. Miranda overhears her telling Paul that the public must be told. She wheels herself down to the river and makes her escape. In the final scene, Miranda is shown on a rock, holding a little merboy on her lap."] ["Frank Keane  is a grieving baker in a near catatonic state who happens upon a car accident. The loquacious and insightful victim, Steve Mills , is on his way to an appointment in Pasadena with a years-ago acquaintance; he asks Frank to go in his place. It's a dance class. Frank goes to find Steve's friend. The story moves back and forth among Steve's childhood, the accident scene, and the aftermath of Frank's first Lindy hop. Frank initially has little success in finding Steve's friend and is uncomfortable being in environment with so many people as a result of his depression. However, he is drawn to shy student Merdith but is cautioned against talking to her by some of the other students has she is partnered with Randall. Randall is the star pupil of the class but is an obnoxious bully who takes an instant dislike to Frank and tries intimidate him. Frank is talked into to continuing to attend the class by his friends in grief therapy who soon join him in the class has time goes on. It is also learnt throughout the film that Frank's wife committed suicide and he has suffered depression as a result of his guilt of not being able to see something was wrong with her until it was too late. As the class progresses Frank is found to have a natural talent for dance that surpasses Randall who jealously slashes his tires in attempts to scare the baker off. Frank ignores the attack against the advice of others forms a friendship with Merdith who is learnt to be Randall's step sister rather than abused girlfriend as was initially believed. Meredith defends her step brother's behaviour, explaining it stems from the fact their father was a violent man who was physically abusive to them and Randall is just overly protective of Merdith has a result. Frank eventualy scatters his wife's ashes; an act he had been unwilling to perform in the past and also puts his life back together. He also tracks down Steve's childhood friend to inform her of Steve's passing. Initially ignorant of Steve's identity she is later shocked by his death and heartened that he tried to keep a promise she had forgotten about years ago."] ['The staff and customers of the cafe get an extra "jolt" with their coffee when a commitment-shy man has a public fight with his angry ex-girlfriend, instigating a series of revelations about the eavesdropping couples nearby and their own "unusual" relationships; filled with eccentric personal conversations, confrontational arguments, imaginary visions, and connections between various characters.'] ["The highly successful jazz musician C.K. Dexter Haven was divorced from wealthy Newport, Rhode Island socialite Tracy Samantha Lord, but remains in love with her. She, however, is about to get married to a bland gentleman of good standing, George Kittredge. Spy magazine, in possession of embarrassing information about Tracy's father, sends reporter Mike Connor and photographer Liz Imbrie to cover the nuptials. Tracy begins an elaborate charade as a private means of revenge, pretending that her Uncle Willy is her father Seth Lord and vice versa. Connor falls in love with Tracy. She must choose between three very different men in a course of self-discovery."] ["While hiding from the royal authorities, Giacomo Casanova , the famous romancer, encounters his look-alike: Jacomino, a fugitive petty con man. Meanwhile, the Arabian Caliph and his wife are arriving in Venice for a state visit, and she insists on a night with the legendary lover. Through a series of erotic encounters and mistaken-identity comedies, Jacomo and Jacomino make their way back to Venice for their appointment with the Caliph's wife."] ["On New Year's Eve, Vice-President of the Times Square Alliance Claire Morgan  is making the final arrangements for the ball drop with the help of her friend Brandon . Meanwhile, after being nearly run over by a car and denied a vacation, Ahern Records secretary Ingrid  quits her job and offers the deliveryman Paul  tickets for the Ahern Records Masquerade Ball if Paul helps her complete a series of New Year's resolutions before midnight, which he accepts. Paul's sister Kim  is having trouble with her teenage daughter Hailey  who wants to spend New Year's Eve with her friends and her boyfriend Seth  in Times Square. Paul's friend, comic book illustrator Randy , who hates New Year's Eve after his girlfriend left him on a date, gets stuck in an elevator with Elise , an aspiring singer who will be providing back-up for musician Jensen  in his show at Times Square, he also performs at the Ahern Records ball, where he rekindles his feelings for his ex-girlfriend, Laura . At a nearby hospital, Stan Harris , a man in the final stages of cancer who refuses chemotherapy and who only wishes to see the ball drop one last time, is kept company by Nurse Aimee  and Nurse Mindy  after his doctor  reveals he will not last much longer. In the same hospital, a young couple, Griffin  and Tess , about to have their first child, competes with another couple, James  and Grace , for a bonus offered for the family of the first child born in the new year. Elsewhere, Sam , a businessman from Ahern Records, attempts to go to the Ahern Records Ball, where he is to deliver an important speech, after his car malfunctions on the other side of New York, all the while wondering if he should attend a meeting with a mysterious woman he met and fell in love with on the previous New Year's Eve. As midnight approaches, one of the billboard lights of the Times Square panel malfunctions, jamming the ball and forcing Claire to call Kominsky , an electrician, who the company had fired a few weeks prior. Kominsky repairs the ball before midnight, and, in gratitude, Claire leaves him in charge of the operation, and rushes to see the ball drop with her father, Stan. Meanwhile, Nurse Aimee has a video conference with her husband ([[Common , a soldier serving in Afghanistan. Paul helps Ingrid complete all the items on her list, and she gives him the tickets. Meanwhile, Randy and Elise bond, and, as they are about to kiss, the elevator is repaired and Elise rushes to Jensen's show. Randy notices she forgot her rubber band and rushes to give it to her. At the Ball, Jensen leaves midway during the show and apologizes to Laura, who accepts him back and leaves with the approval of her assistant, Sous Chef Ava . With Jensen gone, Elise is called to replace him and attracts the attention of the crowd. She kisses Randy, and they start a romantic relationship. Griffin and Tess have their baby and, although it is born first, they allow James and Grace to have the bonus after discovering they actually have three children. Meanwhile, after being forbidden from attending the celebration, Hailey runs away to Times Square, where she sees Seth being kissed by another girl. Heartbroken, she meets and is comforted by her mother. Seth finds them and apologizes, claiming the girl stole a kiss from him. Hailey forgives him and Seth kisses her. Her mother allows her to go to an after-party. Kim then goes to a restaurant to meet Sam, who had succeeded in delivering his speech. She is the mysterious woman he met one year prior, and they finally discover each other's names."] ['Jane Nichols  has been a bridesmaid for twenty-seven weddings. One night when she is attending two weddings almost simultaneously, she meets Kevin Doyle , who helps her home but disgusts her with his cynical views of marriage. He finds her day planner which she\'d forgotten in the cab they shared. Meanwhile, Jane\'s sister Tess  falls in love with Jane\'s boss George . Tess pretends to like the same things that George does so that she can get him to like her. Despite loving George herself, Jane does not reveal the truth and the courtship progresses rapidly. Soon the new couple announce that they intend to marry in only three weeks. The reporter who agrees to cover their wedding for the society page turns out to be Kevin, who writes wedding announcements under a pseudonym. Having looked at the contents of Jane\'s planner before returning it, he then decides to use the contents as material for a piece on the "perennial bridesmaid" and hopefully be promoted to writing investigative pieces about "real" news. Jane is unaware of Kevin\'s intentions, and when he asks to interview her for his column on Tess, gets her to try on all 27 bridesmaids dresses in her closet. He takes pictures of her in all of them and sends them with the completed article to his boss. As they get to know each other because of Tess\'s wedding, Kevin begins to think that Jane is not as one-dimensional as he thought, and asks his editor to hold his article so he can "fix" it. His editor runs the article anyway on the front page of the Commitments section, and Jane is furious at him. Tess then gets angry at Jane for giving Kevin material about her, whom he describes as a bridezilla. The fight escalates when Jane realizes that Tess destroyed their late mother\'s wedding dress to make her own gown. Despite the fight, Tess still asks Jane to make a slideshow to show at her engagement party. Jane decides that George should know the truth about Tess and instead runs pictures of Tess with other men, eating ribs, and holding a cat by the tail - in short, doing all the things she had told George that she never did. After Pedro, the young Hispanic child that George mentors, tells the crowd that Tess had him cleaning George\'s apartment for money, George breaks off the engagement. Later at work, George tells Jane that he appreciates her because she never says no. Remembering that Kevin once said the same thing as a criticism, Jane quits and admits she only stayed at the job because she was in love with George. She discovers after an experimental kiss that she no longer loves him and decides to meet Kevin. She announces in front of the entire crowd at a wedding that he is covering that she is in love with him. One year later at Jane and Kevin\'s wedding, George and Tess meet again. All 27 brides she helped, as well as Tess and Casey, her best friend, are her bridesmaids.'] ['Wing  is a sassy girl who deeply idolizes Rose , a pop singer, and Rose\'s boyfriend, top record producer and song-writer Sam . Rose has been groomed by Sam, achieving stardom and international acclaim. With her success, Sam decides to try his hand at bringing up a male singer. He decides to announce a country-wide, males-only talent search, much to his former protegée\'s chagrin. Wing, desperate to meet her idols, seizes this opportunity and enters the contest disguised as a male. Her childhood friend  trains her to perfect this whimsical idea. As fate would have it, Wing succeeds in the audition thanks to the poor quality of those auditioning and in part to Rose\'s taunts. Rose challenges Sam to see to the idea of him bringing up a  talentless Wing. Wing is later invited to stay at Sam and Rose\'s home for her/"his" musical education. Wing tries unsuccessfully to reconcile the two lovers\' difference. Trouble and comedy ensue as she finds herself falling for Sam and vice versa, despite him thinking she is a he.'] ["The film follows 17-year-old Cassandra Mortmain , and the fortunes of her eccentric family, struggling to survive in genteel poverty in a decaying English castle. The characters include: Cassandra's father , a writer who hasn't written anything in the twelve years since the spectacular success of his first novel; her exquisite older sister Rose  who rails against their fate and hopes to marry for money; and their Bohemian stepmother, Topaz , an ex-model still apt to sun-bathe in the nude. The possibility of salvation seems to loom in the form of their wealthy American landlord Simon Cotton  and his brother Neil . Although Simon initially turns her away, Rose is determined to make him fall in love with her and succeeds. A wedding is arranged and Cassandra appears left on the sidelines. But events spiral out of control, and before the summer ends many expectations will have been overturned."] ['Professor Julius Kelp , is a nerdy, unkempt, buck-toothed, introverted, accident prone, socially inept university professor whose experiments in the classroom laboratory are less than successful...and hilariously destructive. When a football-playing bully humiliates and assaults him, Kelp decides to "beef up" by joining a local gym. Kelp\'s failure to succeed in the gym prompts him to invent a serum that turns him into the handsome, extremely smooth, cool, and obnoxious girl-chasing hipster, Buddy Love. This new found persona gives him the confidence to pursue one of his students, Stella Purdy . Although she despises Love, she finds herself strangely attracted to him. Buddy wows the crowd with his jazzy, breezy musical delivery and cool demeanor at the Purple Pit, a nightclub where the students hang out. The formula wears off at inopportune times, often to Kelp\'s embarrassment. Although Kelp knows that his alternate persona is an arrogant person, he cannot prevent himself from continually taking the formula as he enjoys the attention that Love receives. As Buddy performs at the annual student dance the formula starts to wear off. His real identity now revealed, Kelp gives an impassioned speech, admitting his mistakes and seeking forgiveness. Kelp says that the one thing he learned from being someone else is that if you don\'t like yourself, you can\'t expect others to like you. Purdy meets Kelp backstage, and confesses that she prefers Kelp over Buddy Love. Eventually, Kelp\'s formerly henpecked father chooses to market the formula , endorsed by the strait-laced Dean of the college who proclaims, "It\'s a gasser!" Kelp\'s father makes a pitch to the chemistry class, and the students all rush forward to buy the new tonic. In the confusion Kelp and Purdy slip out of the class. Armed with a marriage license and two bottles of the formula, they elope.'] ['The movie tells the story of Hannah, a recent college graduate living in Chicago who works as an intern at a production office, as she begins to develop crushes on Matt and Paul, two scriptwriters she works with. Coasting from relationship to relationship, Hannah attempts to find a direction for her life.'] ['Stacy Holt , an associate producer on a daytime talk show , is convinced that her boyfriend Derek  is the right man for her, though he has an apparent phobia of commitment, and he\'s vague about his past relationships. Taking the advice of colleague Barb , she looks at his Palm Tungsten C and its record of the names and numbers of three ex-girlfriends, a French supermodel , a gynecologist  and a cook . She sets up an interview with each woman, in an attempt to learn more about and get closer to Derek. However, Stacy\'s plan suffers a setback when she develops a friendship with one of the women. Stacy is eventually betrayed by Barb, when she, Derek and the ex-girlfriends are brought together on stage for a live broadcast during sweeps season. During the show, Stacy comes to the realization that she is not the right one for Derek and lets him go. On the way out, Barb, clearly out of her mind, tells Stacy that her actions were not premeditated and goes on to call the "event" a masterpiece. With a live camera behind her, Stacy responds with, "I should tear your eyes out right now. But how will you be able to look at yourself in the morning?", which the audience cheers on. Stacy, then, departs from the studio, as the camera stays a humiliated Barb. In the end, Stacy winds up earning her dream job working for Diane Sawyer{{cite news}} and meets her idol, Carly Simon.'] ['Three Russians, Iranov , Buljanov  and Kopalsky , are in Paris to sell jewelry confiscated from the aristocracy during the Russian Revolution of 1917. Upon arrival, they meet Count Leon d\'Algout , on a mission from the Russian Grand Duchess Swana  who wants to retrieve her jewelry before it is sold. He corrupts them and talks them into staying in Paris. The Soviet Union then sends Nina Ivanovna "Ninotchka" Yakushova , a special envoy whose goal is to go through with the jewelry sale and bring back the three men. Rigid and stern at first, she slowly becomes seduced by the West and the Count, who falls in love with her. The three Russians also accommodate themselves to capitalism, but the last joke of the film is that one of them carries a sign protesting that the other two are unfair to him.'] ['Love becomes a hilarious battle of wills when a strange twist of fate leaves one bewildered man Marcus  married to two sexy, hot-blooded women Vivian  & then Jenny . Both are determined to hang onto him, and each plays every trick in the female handbook to keep her man.'] ["Mel Coplin and his wife, Nancy, live in New York, near Mel's neurotic, Jewish, adoptive parents, Ed and Pearl Coplin. Mel and Nancy have just had their first child, and Mel won't decide on a name for their son until he can discover the identity of his biological parents. After an adoption agency employee locates his biological mother's name in a database, Mel decides to meet her personally. Tina, the sexy but highly incompetent adoption agency employee, decides to accompany Mel, Nancy, and the newborn on a trip to San Diego to meet Mel's biological mother. The trip, of course, does not go as planned, and ends up becoming a tour of the United States. First, Mel is introduced to Valerie, a blond Scandinavian woman with Confederate roots whose twin daughters are at least six inches taller than Mel. They quickly realize that Valerie is not Mel's biological mother, and Tina scrambles to get the correct information from the agency database. Meanwhile, Nancy becomes jealous as Tina and Mel begin to flirt. Next, the group heads to rural Michigan with the hope of meeting the man whose name appears as the person who delivered infant Mel to the adoption agency. The man, Fritz Boudreau, turns out to be a trucker with a violent streak. However, when he discovers that Mel might be his son, he becomes instantly friendly and lets Mel drive his semi-trailer truck, which Mel immediately crashes into a Post Office building. This leads to a run-in with two ATF agents, Tony and Paul, who are gay and in a relationship with each other. It is discovered that Tony and Nancy went to high school together. Charges are dismissed, and Fritz Boudreau tells Mel that he is not Mel's father, but only handled Mel's adoption because Mel's biological parents were indisposed. Tina locates the current address of Mel's biological parents, which turns out to be in rural New Mexico. Tony and Paul surprise everyone by deciding to tag along on the trip. While Mel and Tina become close, Nancy finds herself flirting with Tony, who returns the compliment, causing friction. The trip through rural New Mexico is fraught with more problems. At last the whole crowd descends on the front porch of Mel's true biological parents, Richard and Mary Schlichting. They are asked to stay the night. While Richard and Mary are more than welcoming, Mel's biological brother Lonnie is overly rude and jealous. It is during dinner that Mel discovers that Richard and Mary had to let Mel be adopted because they were in jail for making and distributing LSD in the late 1960s. Not only that, but Richard and Mary continue to manufacture LSD, as becomes apparent when Lonnie, in an attempt to dose Mel with acid at dinner, accidentally doses Paul, the ATF agent. In his drugged state Paul tries to arrest Richard and Mary but Lonnie knocks him out with a frying pan. They attempt to escape and decide to take Mel's car, hiding their supply of acid in the trunk. Mel's adoptive parents arrive but then change their minds and decide to leave, taking the wrong car. When they change their minds again and make a blind U-turn, the two families crash. Mel's adoptive parents are arrested while his biological parents escape to Mexico. Not realizing what has happened Mel recounts the stories from dinner to Nancy and they agree to name the baby Garcia. The next day Paul explains the situation and is able to get Mel's parents released, and they are happy and reassured to hear Mel call them his parents. A montage of their relationships continues over the credits. They all still have their troubles but Mel and Nancy are happy together."] ["Chadwick Gates  has just gotten out of the Army, and is happy to be back in Hawaii with his surfboard, his beach buddies, and his girlfriend. His mother wants him to go to work at the Great Southern Hawaiian Fruit Company, but Chad is reluctant, so Chad goes to work as a tour guide at his girlfriend's agency."] ["Diya Aur Toofan tells the story of Gaz, an absent-minded doctor who fears commitment after the death of his wife who falls through a gymnastic trampoline and breaks her leg. While in the hospital, her husband Gaz accidentally gives her the wrong medicine and kills her. After this tragedy, Gaz forbids his daughter Asha to ever marry. However, fate has other plans in store for Asha and the new neighbor Amar who is instantly stricken by her beauty. Amar is a world renowned engineer, based on real-life engineer Amarin Koushni who uncovered a great scandal in India revealing that over 80% of Indian manufacturing companies had money invested in India's black market. At the time of Diya Aur Toofan's release, this was a very sensitive subject and most filmmakers were much too shy to make a movie that would so directly attack India's greatest moneymakers."] ['Scat Sweeney, and Hot Lips Barton, two out of work musicians, travel the US trying to find work and stay away from girls. After running from state to state, each time running because of a girl, they try their luck in Louisiana. They stow away on board a Rio-bound ship, after accidentally starting some fires at a circus. They then get mixed up with the distraught Lucia, who first thanks them, then unexpectedly turns them over to the ship\'s captain. Unbeknownst to both of them, Lucia is being hypnotized by her crooked guardian, Catherine Vail. Vail plans to marry Lucia to her brother so she can control her and a set of \'papers\'. After a series of misadventures including sneaking off the boat, recruiting a few local musicians, and the boys trying to escape with Lucia only to have Vail hypnotize her again and slap them both, Vail decides to do away with the boys permanently. She hypnotizes both of them and tries to get them to kill each other in a duel, but it fails. Scat and Hot Lips finally figure things out and the boys head for the ceremony in order to stop the wedding and to help catch the crooks. Upon finding the \'papers\', which Scat reads, when Hot Lips asks what they are about, Scat tears them up and looks into the camera saying "The world must NEVER know." Later on, Scat is dismayed to see that Lucia loves Hot Lips and not him. But upon peaking through a keyhole, he sees Hot Lips hypnotizing her. Hope\'s frequent sidekick Jerry Colonna has a cameo as the leader of a cavalry charging to the rescue of Bing and Bob, as the film cuts away to the galloping horses periodically. All is resolved before Colonna can arrive. "Exciting, though... wasn\'t it?!" This movie also has the distinction of being the only film that Bing Crosby and the Andrew Sisters appeared in together.'] ["Bu  is a beautiful young girl from a small Taiwanese fishing village who discovers a romantic message in a bottle. She heads for Hong Kong to find its writer, only to learn that it was in fact written by Albert , a lonely gay man. She, however, meets the wealthy recycling company owner, C.N.  who falls in love with her; but the plot is soon thickened by rival businessmen, hired goons, and Bu's confused would be boyfriend."] ["Cathy Timberlake, a New York City career woman, meets the man of her dreams, Philip Shayne, in an unusual way. His Rolls Royce splashes her dress with mud while she is on her way to a job interview. The wealthy, suave Philip and the virginal Cathy are at cross purposes. He just wants an affair, while she is holding out for marriage. Watching from the sidelines are Philip's conflicted assistant, Roger, who is guilt-ridden and seeing a therapist for helping his boss with his numerous conquests, and Cathy's cynical friend, Connie Emerson, who knows just what Philip is after.  Philip wines and dines Cathy. He even takes her to see the New York Yankees play. They watch from an unusual vantage point, the Yankees dugout . Cathy's complaints about the umpire while seated alongside Mickey Mantle, Roger Maris and Yogi Berra , cause ump Art Passarella to throw all of them out of the game. Philip's conscience weighs on him, so he withdraws an invitation to Bermuda, which only serves to make Cathy succumb and agree to go. This implicitly consents to intimacy. But conveniently or not , she comes down with a possibly psychosomatic rash, much to her embarrassment and his frustration. The Bermuda trip is repeated due to Cathy's determination to give it a second try, but this time she drinks to soothe her nerves and ends up tipsy. Cathy makes a complete fool of herself, eventually falling out of the window onto an awning below. Cathy's humiliation is rendered complete as she is carried in her pajamas through the crowded hotel lobby. At the urging of Roger and Connie, now convinced that Philip is in love with her, Cathy goes on a date with the sleazy Beasley to make her true love jealous. Her plan succeeds and they do get married. Ironically, on their honeymoon, he breaks out in a rash."] ['It is Valentine\'s Day and florist Reed Bennett  proposes to his girlfriend Morley Clarkson , who accepts. Reed’s closest friends, Alfonso Rodriguez  and Julia Fitzpatrick , aren\'t surprised when Morley changes her mind and leaves Reed the same day. On an airplane to Los Angeles, Kate Hazeltine , a captain in the U.S. Army on a one-day leave, befriends Holden Wilson . When the plane lands and Kate has to wait hours for the taxi, Holden offers his limousine, which Kate accepts. Julia, an elementary school teacher, has fallen in love with Dr. Harrison Copeland , but does not know that he is married to Pamela . Harrison tells her that he needs to go to San Francisco for a business trip. Wanting to surprise him, Julia also flies to San Francisco, despite Reed\'s warnings. Julia finds out that he is married and gets the name of the restaurant where he and his wife will be dining that evening. The restaurant\'s owner allows her to dress as a waitress, and Julia makes a scene at the restaurant, making Pamela suspicious. One of Julia’s students, Edison , orders flowers from Reed, to be sent to his teacher. Julia suggests to Edison to give the flowers to a girl named Rani in his class who has a crush on him. Edison\'s babysitter Grace Smart  is planning to lose her virginity to her boyfriend Alex Franklin . The planned encounter goes awry when Grace\'s mother discovers a naked Alex in Grace\'s room, rehearsing a song he wrote for Grace. Edison’s grandparents, Edgar  and Estelle Paddington  are facing the troubles of a long marriage. Estelle admits to Edgar about an affair she had with one of his business partners. Although she is deeply sorry, Edgar is very upset. Grace’s high school friends, Willy Harrington  and Felicia Miller , are experiencing the freshness of new love, and have agreed to wait to have sex. Sean Jackson , a closeted gay professional football player, is contemplating the end of his career with his publicist Kara Monahan  and his agent Paula Thomas . Kara is organizing her annual "I Hate Valentine\'s Day" party, but becomes interested in sports reporter Kelvin Moore , who was ordered to do a Valentine\'s Day report by his boss Susan Moralez , and who shares Kara\'s hatred of the holiday. Paula has hired a new receptionist named Liz Curran , who dates mail-room clerk Jason Morris . Jason is shocked when Liz turns out to be moonlighting as a phone sex operator. Liz explains that she is only doing this because she has a $100,000 student loan to pay off. Jason is upset, but eventually reconciles with her after seeing Edgar forgive Estelle. Sean comes out on national television, and Holden, Sean\'s lover, goes back to him. Kate goes home to greet her son Edison. Willy drops Felicia off at home after a date and they kiss. Kelvin and Kara hang out at Kelvin\'s news station where they later kiss. Alfonso dines with his wife, and Grace and Alex agree to wait to have sex. Edgar and Estelle redo their marriage vows, Harrison eats pizza alone after Pamela leaves him, and Morley tries to call Reed, while Julia and Reed begin a romantic relationship.'] ["Midsummer night, 1894, in northern Sweden. The complex structures of class bind a man and a woman. Miss Julie, the inexperienced but imperious daughter of the manor, deigns to dance at the servants' party. She's also drawn to Jean, a footman who has traveled, speaks well, and doesn't kowtow. He is engaged to Christine, a servant, and while she sleeps, Jean and Miss Julie talk through the night in the kitchen. For part of the night it's a power struggle, for part it's the baring of souls, and by dawn, they want to break the chains of class and leave Sweden together. When Christine wakes and goes off to church, Jean and Miss Julie have their own decisions to make.{{cite web}}"] ['Three girls from Milan dreaming of a holiday in Rome arrive in the city by train and decide to pretend to be wealthy Danish girls to attract three good looking young men who offer them a guided tour through the landmarks of the city. The girls accept and make the guys spend a fortune, but one evening they get drunk and one of them incidentally reveals they are not Danish and are only from Milan. The guys get upset and plan their revenge, but in the end they make it up.'] ["Sidney Young  is a smalltime, aspiring British journalist who works for a left-wing radical magazine. Following an incident at a party where Sidney accidentally lets a pig loose he is hired to work for an upscale magazine in New York City. He is hired by Clayton Harding , editor of Sharps magazine, a man Sidney had previously lampooned in his own magazine. Sidney annoys the staff he works with, first Alison Olsen , who is only there to pay the bills whilst she finishes her book, then his boss Lawrence Maddox . He also dares to target the star clients of power publicist Eleanor Johnson . He then meets new rising star Sophie Maes ; however, he is told by Lawrence not to talk to her. Sidney makes it his mission to become something within the business; however, it is almost ruined when he accidentally kills Sophie's dog , as he was able to stop the dog from going out the window but unfortunately could not stop a vase from falling onto the dog. Luckily, Alison covers for him and nobody else finds out it was him. At a party, Alison and Sidney's relationship grows when she reveals she has just ended an affair with Lawrence. Sidney stops her from driving home drunk, causing him to miss his opportunity to sleep with Sophie. At a later party, however, just when Sidney was about to ask her out, it is revealed Lawrence has left his wife and that he and Alison are officially together. In a desperate attempt to up his career, he begs Eleanor to publish a piece on Vincent, a director he truly hates. The next day at work Clayton reveals that both Alison and Lawrence have left, and he promotes Sidney. Sidney finally becomes successful, getting all the girls that were disgusted by him before and even catching the eye of Sophie. The night before the awards ceremony she stated that if he gave her his late mother's ring and she won best actress, she would have sex with him. Going to the ceremony the next day he sees Lawrence, now being someone he used to be, stating that he and Alison split as she was in love with him. When the winner is revealed , as she is going to get her award, he realizes he does not really love her and asks for his ring back, then, after a heated exchange, he steals back the ring from Sophie, and inadvertently  reveals that he killed Cuba. An enraged Sophie attacks him and a huge fight ensues then after the fight, Sidney leaves, quitting his job at Sharps and heading to New York. He meets Alison in the park, where they were showing her favourite movie, La Dolce Vita. She has finished her book and the two finally get together, with him giving her his mother's ring. The movie ends with him accidentally throwing the book onto a candle and jumping for it to stop it from going into flames."] ['Recent divorcée Gloria Mundy  is a San Francisco librarian. While attending a party, she is encouraged by a friend to leave herself open to new experiences. On the way home, Gloria picks up an attractive man named Bob "Scotty" Scott  when she encounters him and his disabled car on Highway 1. She impulsively invites him to join her at the movies that evening, and before they part ways he asks her to take his pack of cigarettes in order to help him curb his smoking. Unbeknownst to her, Scotty has secreted a roll of film in the pack. That evening, a seriously wounded Scotty meets Gloria in the theater and warns her to "beware of the dwarf" before dying. When his body mysteriously disappears while Gloria seeks help from the theater manager, she is unable to convince anyone of what has transpired. At the end of the following work day, Gloria is attacked in the library by albino Whitey Jackson . She manages to escape and seeks refuge with Stanley Tibbets , a would-be ladies\' man who assumes she is picking him up to have sex. Shocked by his misunderstanding, she flees and returns to her apartment, where she is attacked by a man with a scar who demands the cigarette pack Bob had given her. When he attempts to strangle her with a scarf, Gloria stabs him in the stomach with a pair of knitting needles and calls the police for help. When her attacker tries to stop her, he is killed by Whitey through the kitchen window, and Gloria faints. When she awakens, all traces of what has happened have disappeared, and she is unable to convince San Francisco Police detectives Tony Carlson  and his partner Inspector "Fergie" Ferguson  or even her landlord Mr. Hennessy  that she was attacked. Gloria is abducted by Turk Farnum , the chauffeur of a limousine in which she earlier had seen Whitey riding, but she manages to subdue him with Mace and brass knuckles given to her by her friend and fellow library employee, Stella . Later, Tony takes her to his Sausalito houseboat, where the two become involved romantically. Upon further investigation, Tony discovers that a contract killer named Rupert Stiltskin  was under investigation by an undercover detective named Bob "Scotty" Scott, who had received a tip that a major assassination would take place in the city on a certain night. Lt. Carlson is now assigned to protect Gloria from her would-be killers. When Tony and Fergie discover that the limousine is registered to the Archdiocese of San Francisco, they visit the office of Archbishop Thorncrest , unaware that the man they\'re interviewing is in fact the Archbishop\'s twin brother Charlie, who is involved in a plot to assassinate Pope Pius XIII  during his upcoming visit to San Francisco. Charlie has murdered his twin in order to impersonate him. The following day, Rupert kidnaps Fergie and uses him to lure Gloria into a trap. She manages to hide in a massage parlor, where she encounters Stanley yet again, but then is found and abducted by Jackson and Stiltskin. At Gloria\'s request, Stella has researched an organization known as the Tax the Churches League, and discovered that the League is a radical fringe group, founded by one Delia Darrow and her husband. For the Darrows, organized religion is a corrupt, greedy sham involving powerful billion-dollar corporations. Stella gives the results of her findings to Tony, who returns to the Archbishop\'s residence with Mr. Hennessy. Sneaking into the basement, Tony discovers the imprisoned Fergie, who informs him that Stiltskin was hired by the Darrows to assassinate the Pope during a performance of The Mikado at the San Francisco Opera House that evening. Tony is attacked by Rupert and kills him in self-defense, but then is held at gunpoint along with Gloria by the fake archbishop\'s assistant Gerda Caswell ([[Rachel Roberts , who is really Delia Darrow. Darrow then details her "contingency plan" to eliminate the Pope: If His Holiness is not yet terminated at the end of Act I, Whitey Jackson will open fire from one of the auditorium\'s two organ bays . Mr. Hennessy knocks out Charlie and defeats Delia in a martial arts duel, and Tony and Gloria race to the Opera House, having some unusual problems along the way. After making it backstage, Gloria is grabbed by Jackson, who kills one of several security guards who have joined the pursuit. An enraged Gloria attempts to attack Jackson, who simply shoves her to the floor. This gives Tony the room he needs to shoot the albino, thus thwarting the plan to kill the Pope. As the performance ends, Gloria and Tony are revealed onstage along with the now-dead bodies of Jackson and the guard, but the Pope, who seems not to have noticed anything unusual, leads the audience in applause for the cast, the orchestra, and the conductor - Stanley Tibbets .'] ["This movie is about the lives of Kim Ji-Hoon  and Choi Su-Wan , both 21 years old. Su-Wan is in her second year at university while Ji-Hoon is still in the process of repeating his third year of high school. Su-Wan’s mother works in their family business, selling fried chicken. To help out, Su-Wan earns money by tutoring other children, but often gets fired after hitting the students. Her mother has a rich friend with a son in need of a tutor. The friend, Kim Ji-Hoon’s mother, wants a tutor that will make her son study so that he can pass his exams. This salary is able to pay for an entire semester  of Su-Wan’s college education. Ji-Hoon is always able to attract the girls and draw attention through his love of fighting. He fought at his new high school, Surim High School and managed to offend Jong-Seo Lee, the leader of the triad group at Surim. He was able to attract his girlfriend, Ho-Gyung Yan, through his fighting. He had problems with everyone. Including the entire gang at his high school, he beat up a member of another gang after they took things from his little brother. Besides studying, Ji-Hoon is actually fairly well rounded. As a child, Ji-Hoon was sent to America to study abroad. Because of his parents' decision, the relationship between them and Ji-Hoon becomes strained. Ji-Hoon’s Father, Kim Bong-Man is threatening to send him back to the USA if he continues to get into trouble with fighting and bad grades. To avoid being sent back to America, Ji-Hoon needs to get at least a 50% on the upcoming mid-term exams. The only problem is that his usual average mark was much lower than that. Will he make it? Yes, he manages to do it. At the end of the term, he barely ends up with a passing grade , but passing nonetheless. As a result from a bet that the two, Ji-Hoon and Su-Wan, Su-Wan must dance in front of a crowd during a festival that was taking place. While embarrassed and shy at first, she eventually gets really into dancing and so does the audience. Ji-Hoon is starting to really like Su-Wan at this point and is angry when he sees all of the guys watching her and running up to the stage. Near this point is also when Su-Wan’s boyfriend comes back home. When spying on the couple, Ji-Hoon learns that Su-Wan’s boyfriend is breaking up with her. The next day, Ji-Hoon shows up at his house and beats him up for leaving her. Later, however, he finds out that the reason that he was leaving Su-Wan was because he was becoming a priest. After the service, Ji-Hoon lets Su-Wan beat him up for a little bit. Once she settles down, he decides to take her sky sailing. This is when Ji-Hoon decides to tell Su-Wan that he likes her. Su-Wan does not know how to respond and pretends she cannot hear him. Later on, they go to an amusement park. Just when Ji-Hoon is about to give Su-Wan a present, Su-Wan sees her close friend at the park with her boyfriend. This is the friend that Su-Wan previously confided in about dealing with this student. Originally, Su-Wan’s friend thought that Ji-Hoon was her boyfriend, but Su-Wan, however, says that she would never go out with him. This makes Ji-Hoon mad and he throws her present into the fountain and leaves. Eventually, all of Ji-Hoon’s fighting catches up with him. Near the end of the movie, Ji-Hoon has to deal with all of the problems that have been building up. First, his girlfriend is mad and is making him choose between her and Su-Wan. Once he chooses Su-Wan, he isn’t finished. He still needs to deal with the high school gang and the real gang members. Ji-Hoon and Su-Wan manage to run away for a little bit, but they get cornered and Ji-Hoon has to fight everyone on the beach. Once all of the other gang members are down, Ji-Hoon still has to deal with the best fighter of all. Ji-Hoon is at the man’s mercy, but Su-Wan is able to save Ji-Hoon. And then Su-wan and Ji-Hoon drive away on Su-Wan's motor skooter, Su-Wan is driving while Ji-Hoon sits behind and holds her waist and they go off together. In the end the movie ties up with Su-wan and Ji-hoon becoming boyfriend and girlfriend."] ['The Dandridge sisters, Evangeline , Kareenah, Bethany and Jacqui live in Los Angeles, California. While Eva does not have a significant other, her sisters do. Eva, who works for the city\'s health department as an inspector, is bossy and believes only she knows what\'s best for herself and her sisters and cannot get along at all with their husbands/boyfriends. When the four sisters band together to protect a family inheritance it is the last straw. The men turn to Ray Adams , a restaurant meat delivery trucker, to solve their problem, paying him to keep Eva busy and out of their respective lives. Unfortunately for Ray, he falls in love with Eva at first sight, but she proves to have a tart tongue and suspicious nature. Adams patiently begins to bring her around to the idea of a romantic relationship, even as she toys with the idea of leaving the city. Eva and Ray fall hopelessly in love with each other, and Eva even temporarily abandons her shrewish ways. But Ray\'s friends panic and attempt to break up the blossoming romance, claiming their wives never let them hear the end of the latest with Eva and Ray, and that Eva intends to stay in the city. Things get so complicated that the men finally hatch a daring plan: kidnap Ray, lie to Eva about his death in an accident and cajole her into leaving the city. Eva believes them and arranges a tearful funeral for her "dead" boyfriend, but in the middle of the service Ray appears, having escaped his prison, and the whole truth comes out. An angry Eva dumps Ray, leaves the city and resolves to start a new life. But Ray hasn\'t quite given up. He shows up at Eva\'s job on a white horse and persuades her to forgive him. She agrees to take him back, split up the inheritance, and apologizes for her interference in her sisters\' relationships.'] [" When the Manhattan investment firm of Sherwood Nash  goes broke, he joins forces with his partner Snap  and fashion designer Lynn Mason  to provide discount shops with cheap copies of Paris couture dresses. Lynn discovers that top designer Oscar Baroque  gets his inspiration from old costume books, and she begins to create designs the same way, signing each one with the name of an established designer. Sherwood realizes Baroque's companion, the alleged Grand Duchess Alix , is really Mabel McGuire, his old friend from Hoboken, New Jersey, and threatens to reveal her identity unless she convinces Baroque to design the costumes of a musical revue in which she will star. Baroque buys a supply of ostrich feathers from Sherwood's crony Joe Ward  and starts a fashion rage. Sherwood then opens Maison Elegance, a new Paris fashion house that's a great success until Baroque discovers Lynn is forging his sketches. He has him arrested, but Sherwood convinces the police to give him time to straighten out the situation. He crashes Baroque and Alix's wedding and promises to humiliate the designer by publicly revealing who is bride really is unless Baroque withdraws the charges. The designer agrees and purchases Maison Elegance from Sherwood, who assures Lynn he'll never get involved in another illegal activity if she returns to America with him. {{multiple image}}"] ['Eve Peabody  is an out-of-work American showgirl. She arrives in Paris from Monte Carlo during a rainstorm with just the clothes on her back . Tibor Czerny , a Hungarian taxi driver, takes pity on her. He drives her around to the city\'s nightclubs in a fruitless attempt to get her a job, buys her dinner at the taxi drivers\' café, and offers to let her stay overnight at his apartment . However, Eve does not want to impose on Tibor, and besides, she is already feeling attracted to him and doesn\'t want to begin a relationship with an impoverished taxi driver. When he stops for gas, she slips away. Eve finds shelter from the rain at a stuffy concert hosted by socialite Stephanie . She slips in with a group, handing over a pawn ticket  as an invitation card. When the pawn ticket is detected, Stephanie tries to unmask the impostor. Eve tries to slip away, but is intercepted by Marcel , who thinks she\'s simply bored and recruits her for a game of bridge in a side room. The other two players are Madame Helene Flammarion  and Jacques Picot , a wealthy bachelor and ladies\' man. Eve introduces herself as Mrs. Czerny. Eve partners with Jacques . While they are playing, the man who was sitting next to her in the concert hall comes in: Helene\'s wealthy husband Georges Flammarion . Georges seems to recognize Eve as the wife of Baron Czerny, and chats with the "Baroness" about life in Budapest. The "Baroness" and Jacques lose a few thousand francs, but Eve has no money to pay - until she finds that ten thousand francs has somehow appeared in her purse. Jacques insists on seeing her back to her hotel . Georges hears this and slips away saying he forgot his gloves. Eve is stunned to find a suite reserved at the Ritz for Baroness Czerny. Meanwhile, Tibor, who is worried about Eve, searches Paris for her, invoking memories of the First Battle of the Marne to recruit his fellow taxi drivers. When Eve awakes the next morning, "her" luggage is delivered - a set of trunks bearing the Czerny monogram and holding a complete new wardrobe. A car and driver are waiting outside for her. Eve is mystified and rather frightened by all this until her mysterious benefactor arrives. It is Georges, and he has a proposition for her. He saw through her the night before, and saw something else. His wife Helene is infatuated with Jacques - but last night, Jacques had eyes only for the "Baroness". Georges loves his wife and wants her back. He wants Eve to flirt with Jacques and break up his affair with Helene. Georges will pay Eve a nice sum if she succeeds, and Jacques might even marry her. He gives her an expense account of fifty thousand francs and invites her to the Flammarion country house for their upcoming week-end house party. Eve captivates Jacques quite thoroughly. They both go to the Flammarion estate. While she is out and about with Jacques, one of the taxi drivers spots her. Tibor learns where she has gone - and that she is calling herself Baroness Czerny! At the estate, Marcel, acting for Helene, has used the pawn ticket to retrieve the suitcase from Monte Carlo. In it is a group picture of some showgirls, one of whom looks very like the Baroness. Helene is about to expose Eve in front of all the guests when "Baron Tibor Czerny" is announced. Tibor has come to be with his "wife". Later, in private, Tibor professes his love for Eve. Eve hints that she has similar feelings, but she still thinks she wants financial security with a wealthy husband like Jacques. The pretense continues the following morning. The "Baron" and "Baroness" have a long-distance telephone conversation with their sick child in Budapest . Then Tibor reveals his true identity, only to have the "Baroness" explain that the Czerny barons are prone to fits of delusional madness. Jacques presses his suit, and offers to marry the Baroness if she leaves her husband, whom she has described as mentally cruel to her. That\'s what Eve thinks she wants. She appears in a French court to get a sham divorce. Tibor is angry, but he accepts payment from Georges to go along. However, in court, Tibor pretends to be insane, knowing that will bar a divorce under French law. Jacques still wants the "Baroness", but Eve tells him gently that he should never marry - it would deprive so many women of his attentions. Helene is cured of her infatuation, and leaves arm-in-arm with Georges. Tibor and Eve go off to the marriage bureau - much to the surprise of the judge who just denied their divorce.'] ['This film takes place in the city of Rome sometime during the reign of Emperor Nero. Pseudolus  is "the lyingest, cheatingest, sloppiest slave in all of Rome", whose only wish is to buy his freedom from his master\'s parents, the henpecked Senex  and his dominating wife Domina . When he finds out that his master, Senex\'s handsome but dim son Hero , has fallen in love with Philia , a beautiful virgin courtesan from the house of Marcus Lycus , buyer and seller of beautiful women. Next door, Pseudolus makes a deal: he will get the girl for Hero in return for his freedom. Unfortunately, the virgin has been sold to the great Roman soldier, Captain Miles Gloriosus , who even now is on his way from conquering Crete to claim her as his bride. Pseudolus blackmails his overseer, Hysterium  into masquerading as the corpse of Philia to fool the captain, but things go wrong at every turn. In the end, the boy gets the girl; Senex\'s next-door neighbor Erronius  finds that Philia and Miles Gloriosus are in fact his long-lost children; and Pseudolus gets his freedom, a beautiful concubine to be his wife, and a dowry of 10,000 minae, compliments of Marcus Lycus.'] ["Mrs. Malhotra  is the mother of twins, who were separated at birth, and she only has one son. Mrs. Malhotra goes into shock and then uses a wheelchair. She resides with her husband and son in the US. Quiet and mature Prem,  one of the twins, and his dad  return to India together with Mrs. Malhotra to get Prem married. Prem's future fiance is the outgoing and percocious Mala , who is the daughter of Mr. Sharma . There Prem meets with his twin brother very outgoing and precocious Raja , who looks like him, but is exactly the opposite in nature. A series of comic scenes result as a result of the twins getting together. Prem loves quiet and mature Roopa ([[Rambha , and both the girls are confused by the change they perceive in their respective lovers. To make matters worse, Tiger Ratanlal  has sworn vengeance against the Malhotra family for what they did to his dad ."] ["It was love at first sight for unemployed Ashish Khanna and Rani Bhalla at a cold drink stall. When Rani introduces Ashish to her businessman dad, Tau, and mom, they unanimously frown upon this alliance, until Ashish promises to get a job, save enough money, buy a flat, etc.. Ashish does get a small job with Izzat Papads, and then also starts selling steroids out of the back of a van. He gets noticed by a Ad-firm owner, and gets hired. Soon he has all the luxuries that he had always dreamed of. When the Bhallas come to know about this, they decide to welcome him as their son-law, and a lavish engagement party takes place. It is then Ashish finds out that he has cancer, and he begins to create misunderstandings between him and Rani. He tries becoming an alcoholic, but that is considered normal with the Bhalla family; he confesses to Rani that he has loved Sania, a model with ad-agency, which is welcomed by Rani as being truthful and honest. But when Rani notices that he has put up Sania's photos all over his apartment, it is then that she breaks off the engagement. Ashish knows that Sania will not marry him, as she is a flirt. But when he is assigned to go to Malaysia with Sania, that is where he finds out that Sania is not quite a flirt, but wants to marry him. She even introduces him to her brother, Anna, who instantly approves of the match. Now Anna inducts Ashish into the family business - which is extortion, and a stunned Ashish is trained to be use guns and defend himself. When the time comes for marriage, Ashish confesses that he has cancer. An angered Anna summons Dr. Rustom, who in turn gives a clean health chit, and confirms that Ashish had overhead a conversation about another patient and had misunderstood. A hapless Ashish, fresh out of lies, must now resign himself to getting married to Sania - or else be hunted down and killed by Anna and his gang. This movie is loosely inspired from an old Hindi movie, Meri Biwi Ki Shaadi starring Amol Palekar."] ['Roy Kapoor is a shameless conman. In fact, Roy\'s girlfriend Simi believes that he is an investment banker. One day he cons a film producer . Unfortunately, the producer turns out to be an acquaintance of Simi and Roy\'s true face is exposed. Simi calls their wedding off. Some weeks past this episode, Roy sees an amateur conman Dittu conning a doctor called Dr. Bhalerao . Roy meets and foils Dittu\'s plans a couple of times, upon which Dittu pesters Roy to become his mentor. Roy reluctantly accepts Dittu, a film buff. One day, Roy starts experiencing blurring of eyes, unbearable headache and blackouts. Dr. Bhalerao diagnoses him with brain tumor and says he has only three months to live. Roy is shattered. He wants to reconcile with Simi, while she spurns him. When Roy sees her with somebody else, he resigns to his fate and turns his attention to Dittu. Dittu reveals that his father was a simple man who was conned of his life savings by a share market scam, apparently pulled by Chandru. Chandru is a whimsical but ruthless man. Roy decides to do use his skills for Dittu. When Roy sees a news footage about a robbery in a jewellery shop, Roy gets an idea to con Chandru. Roy sends one of his men as police to Chandru to give him a list of serial numbers of all the notes  stolen in the "heist." Then Roy and Dittu turn up at Chandru\'s hotel as suspicious characters with lots of money. When Chandru is convinced that they are the thieves, he proposes to give them any amount for the stolen loot. They strike a deal with Chandru. They turn down the deal, which makes Chandru raise the price. Chandru privately arranges another deal with Roy: Roy gets full money if he kills Dittu. Roy apparently accepts the deal. Meanwhile, Simi re-enters Roy\'s life after learning that he was telling the truth about his condition. She has broken her marriage and wants to be with Roy in his last days. Their relationship blossoms again. She learns from Roy why he took up to being a conman. As per Chandru\'s deal, Roy kills Dittu and tells Chandru to meet him in Maratha Mandir. It is revealed that Dittu is not dead: He has faked it as part of their con. Chandru arrives with the money at the movie theatre as promised. But Dittu shows up behind them suddenly and shoots Roy to death, taking advantage of a shooting scene being shown. Dittu demands 5 crore rupees at gunpoint from Chandru. Chandru arranges the money to be delivered before the film ends. After the payment, Chandru returns and Roy is shown to be alive. The con arranged by Roy and Dittu has been successfully executed. Unfortunately, Omar, a man conned earlier by Roy, has seen the whole thing. When Roy and Dittu are celebrating, Omar confronts the duo. Roy suddenly faces one more blackout while Omar runs away with the money. Roy has never told Dittu about his condition. When Roy opens his eyes, he is in Dr. Bhalerao\'s hospital. He sees a pained look on Dittu\'s face who has learnt Roy\'s secret. Dr. Bhalerao tells Roy that his cure is possible abroad, but money is the problem. Roy withdraws all his life\'s savings. Suddenly, he gets a call from Simi. He answers, and hears the voice of Chandru. Chandru threatens him that if he doesn\'t return the money, Simi will suffer. Roy heads towards the rendezvous location with Dittu. He instructs Dittu to forget whatever Roy has taught him and live rest of his life as a reformed man. He says that he will see to it that Simi comes down safely, upon which Dittu should escort her to safety. Roy comes on the top floor to meet an angry Chandru. Chandru leaves Simmi, but has a scuffle with Roy. He angrily pushes Roy from the roof. Roy falls but, instead of dying, ends up on an inflated plastic bed and survives. Confused, he turns towards people surrounding him, only to learn that they thought it was a film shoot. Roy tries to call everyone from Simi to Dittu and Chandru, but gets no response. Then he realizes that he has been elaborately conned. After learning that he has no brain tumour, he heads to a place where he thinks everybody will be. As expected, he meets everybody and as Dittu gives real introduction of every partner, Roy is left amazed. Dr. Bhalerao is actually a vet while Chandru is the script writer for all the drama . Roy learns that Dittu is actually Arjun, a film director, and is the son of the producer he had conned. Even Simi\'s second engagement was fake. Then, Dittu explains in detail how the whole operation was planned. After learning that it was Simi and Dittu\'s idea to teach him a lesson, Roy approaches and makes up with Simi.'] ['Bill Norman  wants to go on a six-month expedition to study tropical fish, but his wealthy businessman father ([[George Irving  wants him to buckle down and go to work. When Mr. Norman catches Bill trying to "borrow" his yacht, they make a wager. If Bill works for 30 days at the family dairy business without making a single mistake, Mr. Norman will finance his expedition. Norman assumes he will be an executive, but his father makes him deliver milk instead. On his route, he meets Sheila Harrison , whom he thinks is a maid, but is in fact a socialite. She and her mother  are in such deep financial trouble, they cannot pay their bills or their loyal maid Mary. Mrs. Harrison pins her hopes on Sheila marrying wealthy Wally Martin, but Sheila does not like him. At first, Sheila does not much care for Bill either, but he eventually wins her affections. However, when Sheila is pressured by her mother to break her date with Bill to attend a charity ball with Wally, she encounters Bill there with his beautiful cousin Adele. Wally insists Sheila is his fiancee, and she does not believe Bill\'s claim that Adele is merely his cousin, so the couple break up. After Bill is tossed out for punching Wally, Adele overhears Sheila deny she is engaged, and tells Bill. Tim Hogan , a fellow milk deliveryman and friend, drives Bill to Sheila\'s home to try to speak to her, but the police are called and Bill is arrested. Hogan manages to convince Sheila that Bill loves her; it also helps that he reveals who Bill actually is. Mary spots them leaving in Hogan\'s milk truck and assumes Sheila is being kidnapped. The police are alerted. Meanwhile, Sheila puts on a uniform and sets out to deliver the milk on the last day of the bet. Bill gets himself bailed out and catches up with Sheila. Chased by the police, they complete Bill\'s rounds and return to the dairy with seconds to spare to win the bet. Mr. Norman and Mrs. Harrison recognize each other, and once they figure out what is going on, approve of Bill and Sheila\'s relationship.'] ['Nelson Moss  unexpectedly meets Sara Deever , a woman very different from anyone else he has ever met. His arrogance and ignorance leads to her failing her DMV test. She beguiles him and continually asks him to spend a month with her on the promise that she will change his life for the better. That night, she sleeps with him, and the next day Chaz,  arrives and is able to identify Nelson as Sara\'s "November". Throughout November, the two experience happy times together and fall in love. During the month and their adventures, Nelson examines his life and past and befriends a fatherless child called Abner . Eventually, he realizes he is in love with Sara and asks her to marry him. It is revealed that Sara has terminal cancer, Non-Hodgkin lymphoma. Because she cannot bear to have Nelson experience her death, she asks him to leave. Sara tells Chaz that Nelson proposed to her. Chaz says that it wasn\'t the first time that a man had proposed, implying Sara has had numerous "months". Sara confirms this but claims it was the first time she had wanted to say yes. She decides she will not continue the relationship to protect Nelson from getting hurt. Nelson complies, but then stages a surprise return during Thanksgiving, giving her gifts that remind her of their happy times. They stay together for one more day; he posts November calendars all over her apartment walls, saying it can always be November for them. They make love, but the next morning, Nelson finds Sara is dressed. She asks him to leave, with all his calendars taken down. Nelson becomes confused and heartbroken. Sara asks Nelson to let her go so that he will always have happy memories of her and explains that this is how she needs to be remembered. She will return home to her family  and face her last days. The movie ends with Sara blindfolding Nelson , giving him one last kiss, and then walking away. Nelson then takes off the blindfold in tears, and is later shown at a park they went to on one of their dates.'] ['Harmony Cats is about a violinist named Graham Braithwaite  who plays with a British Columbia symphony. One day, the symphony stops playing permantently and Graham is left to find work elsewhere. He joins a country music band as a bassist and becomes caught between members of the new band.'] ['A San Francisco earthquake orphan is adopted by relatives in Spain and gets wooed by a Romeo there. She turns him down to return to a San Francisco plumber.'] ['Nicole Maris  and Chase Hammond  live next door to each other. Nicole lives with her divorced mother and Chase\'s mother died of cancer, making them two teens living with their single parents. However, they are worlds apart. Nicole is up on the latest fashions; Chase, on the latest protest. She wouldn\'t miss a pep rally or basketball game with her scheming socialite friends; he can usually be found in a dark coffee room with his friends who don\'t care what they wear. Nicole wants a dream date with the star basketball player, but right before it was certain they were going together, he falls in love with a cheerleader. Meanwhile, Chase\'s "non-conformist" girlfriend, Dulcie  dumps him for another man. Now that they have something in common, Nicole and Chase reluctantly join forces to navigate the land mines of high school love. Their scheme: date each other to attract the interest and jealousy of their respective romantic prey. It works all right: they both get the person they wanted. But in the midst of planning a gala centennial celebration, Nicole and Chase find that the one they always wanted is closer than they ever realized. Finally, they dump their original dates and fall in love with each other. There is still one big twist that could ruin their relationship forever in the end. After the celebration ends, they go back home only to find out that their parents have fallen in love and will move in together, which would make them step-siblings. However, the movie ends with the feeling that they aren\'t going to let that fact stop their relationship.'] ["{{Expand section}} When New York’s hottest night club disc jockey, Darrell is and his lover Sherise come home having sex and undressing each other in Darrell's apartment. Darrell's daughter manages to trick Sherise into thinking that there was a Pamela in his life but he says he doesn't know any Pamela and Sherise leaves and Darrell's daughter says she was only teasing him to drive Sherise away. Darrell is asked to be a DJ for a party and Darrell agrees. As soon as the party gets started, Darrell sees people in car ready to pull their trigger's and Darrell saves a mob boss 's life, he is rewarded for his bravery with the responsibility of watching over the Don's beautiful daughter, Dolly. Dolly starts introducing Darrell to yoga classes, takes him to a spa and last of all a restaurant to meet with some friends. Dolly is engaged to be marrying Chad but she doesn't feel any love or sympathy Sparks fly between Dolly and Darrell as he takes her to the club he works. Dolly and Darrell go to a rusty place and play cards with some of Darrell's friends. Dolly and Darrell go to his apartment and reveal their true feelings for each other and they have sex and sleep together making Dolly lose her virginity. Don's men discover Dolly and Darrell falling in love and tells Don about it. When Darrell and Dolly are in the spa, Don's men throw Darrell in the warm pool and threaten to kill him if he continues his business with Dolly. Dolly's father confronts Dolly and tells Dolly she is still going to marry Chad and when Sherise plans to seduce Darrell, Dolly says she is going to marry Chad and leaves but Darrell tries to stop her but Sherise tells him to let her go. Don's men have a plan and kidnap Dolly and Darrell. Don realizes his men betrayed him and plan to kill all of them but Dolly's brother saves the day. Darrell and Dolly get married and enjoy the day, Sherise is now engaged to marry Chad but now says she wants earrings ever since the 3 carat ring he proposed to her with and Darrell and Dolly share another kiss and carry on dancing."] ['Marge Winton  is fed up with having to quit job after job to avoid the advances of lecherous bosses. When she goes to the employment agency, she is surprised to discover that she is too beautiful for one position. So she gives herself a makeover, hiding her blond curls under a dark, severe wig, putting on glasses, and wearing a drab, unflattering dress. The disguise works. Book publisher Abigail Belldon  hires her as a secretary for lazy writer Freddy Matthews . Freddy would rather go out and party with his girlfriend Camille Lansing than start on his novel. Abigail has already sold the film rights, and the deadline for delivering the book to the film studio is fast approaching. She figures a plain secretary will be one less distraction. Despite his initial displeasure at Marge\'s appearance, Freddy gives in and accepts her. However, Camille keeps taking up too much of Freddy\'s time and attention, and Marge begins to fall for him as well. Thus, Marge has plenty of reason to try to sabotage their relationship. When this is discovered, she quits. A complication arises when Freddy decides to rehire her. He shows up at her apartment unexpectedly and sees her without her disguise, so she has to pretend to be her roommate Sadie . They spend the entire evening and part of the morning getting acquainted. With the deadline only days away, however, Marge pretends to go out of town for a couple of weeks. The plan backfires. Instead of writing, Freddie goes after her. Camille finds out and follows as well. Marge has no choice but to show up at the hotel, registering first as the plain secretary, then as Sadie, juggling her two personas to keep Freddie in the dark. She finally gets an outline from him for the last few chapters, which she uses to finish the novel on her own. Since he gave the outline to "Sadie", and she had no opportunity to give it to Marge, Freddie finally realizes that they are one and the same. He decides to marry her anyway.'] ["Lawrence ([[Pat O'Brien , critic and full time boozer comes to the cabaret In Caliente in Mexico. Lawrence falls in love with the beautiful Mexican dancer Rita Gómez . The musicals in the movie were courtesy of Busby Berkeley."] ['On a Greek island called Kalokairi, 20-year-old bride-to-be Sophie Sheridan  posts three wedding invitations ("[[I Have a Dream  to different men, who set off for the wedding. Sophie\'s bridesmaids and best friends, Ali and Lisa , arrive before the wedding. Sophie reveals that she found her mother\'s diary and learned she has three possible fathers: New York-based Irish architect Sam Carmichael , Swedish adventurer and writer Bill Anderson , and British banker Harry Bright . She invited them without telling her mother, believing that after she spends time with them she will know who her father is . Villa owner Donna Sheridan  is ecstatic to reunite with her former bandmates, wisecracking author Rosie  and wealthy multiple divorcée Tanya , and reveals her bafflement at her daughter\'s desire to get married. Donna shows off the villa, rumoured to be built on the legendary fountain of Aphrodite, and explains her precarious finances to Rosie and Tanya . The three men arrive, and Sophie smuggles them to their room and explains that she, not her mother, sent the invitations. She begs them to hide so Donna will have a surprise at the wedding: seeing the old friends of whom she "so often" favourably speaks. They overhear Donna working (humming "[[Fernando  and swear to Sophie they will not reveal her secret. Donna spies them and is dumbfounded to find herself facing former lovers she could never forget ("[[Mamma Mia , and is adamant that they leave. She confides in Tanya and Rosie  a secret she has kept from everyone — she is uncertain which of the three men is Sophie\'s father. Tanya and Rosie rally her spirits by getting Donna to dance with the female staff and islanders . Sophie finds the men aboard Bill\'s yacht, and they sail around Kalokairi  and tell stories of Donna as a carefree girl. Sophie musters up the courage to speak with her fiancée Sky  about her ploy, but loses her nerve. Sky and Sophie sing to each other , but are interrupted when Sky is snatched for his bachelor party. At Sophie\'s hen party, Donna, Tanya and Rosie perform as Donna and The Dynamos ("[[Super Trouper . Sophie is delighted to see her mother rock out, but becomes nervous when the festivities are interrupted by the arrival of Sam, Bill and Harry. She decides to talk with each of her three prospective dads alone. While her girlfriends dance with the men ("[[Gimme! Gimme! Gimme!|Gimme! Gimme! Gimme! , Sophie learns from Bill that Donna received the money to invest in her villa from his great aunt Sofia. Sophie guesses she must be Sofia\'s namesake and Bill is her father. She asks him to give her away and to keep their secret from Donna until the wedding. Sophie\'s happiness is short-lived as Sam and Harry each tell her they must be her dad and will give her away ("[[Voulez-Vous . A shocked Sophie cannot tell them the truth and, overwhelmed by the consequences of her actions, faints. In the morning, Rosie and Tanya reassure Donna they will take care of the men. On Bill\'s boat, Bill and Harry are about to confide in each other, but are interrupted by Rosie. Donna confronts Sophie in the courtyard, believing Sophie wants the wedding stopped. Sophie says that all she wants is to avoid her mother\'s mistakes and storms off. An upset Donna is accosted by Sam, concerned about Sophie getting married so young. Donna confronts him and both realize they still have feelings for each other ("[[SOS . Down on the beach, Tanya and young Pepper  continue their flirtations from the previous night . Sophie confesses to Sky and asks for his help. He reacts angrily to his fiancée\'s deception and Sophie turns to her mother for support. As Donna helps her daughter dress for the wedding, their rift is healed and Donna reminisces about Sophie\'s childhood and how quickly she has grown . Sophie asks Donna to give her away. As the bridal party walks to the chapel, Sam intercepts Donna and begs her to talk. She reveals the pain she felt over losing him . When Sophie and Donna are walking down the aisle, the band plays the tune of "Knowing Me, Knowing You". Donna tells Sophie that her father is present but he could be any of the three men, whom Sophie admits to inviting. Sam reveals that although he left to get married, he did not go through with it, and returned only to find Donna with another man. Harry confesses that Donna was the first and last woman he loved, and reveals he has begun a relationship with a waiter from the taverna.  The three men concur that they would be happy to be one-third of a father for Sophie. She tells Sky that they should postpone their wedding and travel the world as they have wanted. Sam proposes to Donna . She accepts and they are married. At the wedding reception, Sam sings to Donna ("[[When All Is Said and Done , which prompts Rosie to make a play for Bill . All the couples present proclaim their love , as their raucous dancing causes the ground to crack and erupt with water from the fountain of Aphrodite. Sophie and Sky bid farewell to Kalokairi and sail away . During the principal credits, Donna, Tanya and Rosie reprise "Dancing Queen", followed by "Waterloo" with the rest of the cast. Amanda Seyfried sings "Thank You for the Music" over the end credits.'] ['In Vienna, Baroness Teri von Horhenfels  relieves the boredom of her marriage to her rich but dull husband  with love affairs. One day, at an exclusive jewel shop to purchase a diamond ring, her tedium is lifted by a suave, charming thief  and his gang. In turn, he is entranced by her beauty. He locks her husband and her latest lover, Paul  , in the vault, and forces shop owner Hollander  to smoke a special cigarette that soon makes him forget his troubles. She however persuades him into leaving her free. However, he is not so carried away as to neglect his duties; he takes her ring, all {{convert}} of it. Teri returns home, to be envied her adventure by her friend Marianne . They are frightened to discover that an intruder has broken in and opened her safe. However, they become puzzled and relieved when they find that not only is nothing missing, but the ring has been returned. Marianne departs hastily, anxious to avoid becoming entangled in a scandal. The thief then appears; Teri tries to return the ring, since keeping it would raise uncomfortable questions. When he refuses to take it back, she accuses him of using her to hide out from the police. Then, Detective Fritz  arrives, flushes out the robber, and takes the two into custody. However, all is not as it seems. It turns out that Fritz is a member of the gang. The thief had used the fake arrest to transport Teri to his house without protest for a night of romance. She is intrigued. Vienna has become too dangerous for him, so he asks her to meet him in Nice, but she hesitates. Just then, the real police surround the place. He and his gang escape, leaving Teri tied up so as to divert suspicion. After she is "rescued", she decides she needs a vacation away from Vienna to recover from the excitement... in Nice.'] ['Movie that inspired the American "50 First Dates" With Adam Sandler.The movie starts with Don  on a bus with 2 girls fighting over him. He then meets Ding Ding who suddenly falls in love with him. But when he woke up early next morning, he had forgotten Ding Ding and she got real mad at him. But luckily, a doctor told Ding Ding everything about Don. So they try to help Don with his memories, before he stays like that forever........'] ["Nikki Finn is a carefree, young woman, who is always dressed up in leather jacket and skirt, with fire-red lips, platinum bob hair and speaking in a high-pitched voice. One day, her boyfriend Johnny uncovers two men stealing money out of a trust fund and takes pictures of the theft. Johnny puts the pictures in a safety deposit box and gives Nikki the key, for safekeeping. The thieves catch Johnny and murder him, then frame Nikki by putting his body into the trunk of her car. Nikki is sentenced to four years in prison. After four years, the story presents tax attorney Loudon Trott  on a busy day. He is getting married to the daughter of one of the richest men in New York, Simon Worthington. Loudon's bride Wendy Worthington  is a selfish woman who is more consumed in her wedding plans than in the well-being of her fiancée. Loudon, on the other hand, has a number of duties entrusted to him by Mr. Worthington. First he has to pick up a cougar for an exotic animal activist named Montgomery Bell , then to pick up Nikki, and lastly he has to make sure that Nikki catches the next bus to her hometown of Philadelphia. Nikki, meanwhile, is determined to catch the actual thieves and bring forth the truth. After meeting Loudon, Nikki cons him into taking her shopping. After taking a Rolls Royce into Harlem to buy a gun - and nearly being arrested during a police raid - she explains her story to Loudon who believes that she is innocent, and decides to help her. She's also on the run from a pimp named Raoul  and his lackey Benny , the people who killed Johnny. Only after dangling off a car smashed through the top floor of a parking garage, does he tell her the bank and the box number of Nikki's slain boyfriend. Afterward Nikki vanishes with the cougar . Loudon visits Mr. Bell to apologize for losing the animal, to find Nikki had delivered Murray and was waiting for him at Mr. Bell's home. He has created a Brazilian rainforest filled with animals on top of his roof. There Nikki and Loudon — who had become close with each other on their journey — express their love for each other. Loudon delivers Nikki to the bus station the next morning, but Nikki becomes broken-hearted, realizing that she has to go back to Philadelphia, leaving Loudon, who is about to get married. While on the bus, she opens an envelope in the security box and finds the photographs that prove that Mr. Worthington is an embezzler and he was the mastermind behind the theft. Nikki gate-crashes the wedding, gets Mr. Worthington arrested and proclaims her love for Loudon. The film ends with Nikki and Loudon riding off into the sunset on a bus to Philadelphia, with Murray chasing after them."] ['Connor Mead  is a famous photographer and confirmed womanizer. He takes a break from his playboy lifestyle to attend his brother\'s wedding, where he becomes reacquainted with Jenny Perotti , the only girl who ever captured his heart. After Connor delivers a drunken speech at the rehearsal dinner where he says that love isn\'t real, he\'s met in the bathroom by the ghost of his uncle Wayne , a Hefner-esque horndog who taught Connor everything he knows about picking up chicks. Uncle Wayne informs Connor that, over the course of the evening, he\'ll be visited by three ghosts who will lead him through his romantic past, present, and future. The first ghost to visit Connor is the "Ghost of Girlfriends Past" in the form of Allison Vandermeersh , one of his high school girlfriends and his first lover. Together, they revisit scenes from his past, focusing on his relationship with Jenny. Connor and Jenny were very close as children; she gave him his first instant camera which he used to take her picture, promising to keep it forever. By middle school, the two were on the verge of romance, but Connor\'s hesitation at a dance caused Jenny to dance with and kiss another boy. Heartbroken, Connor was told by Wayne that he must avoid romance at all costs in order not to feel such pain again. For the next two years, Wayne schooled Connor in the art of seduction. When he next saw Jenny, at a high school party, Connor ignored her and had sex with Allison. Several years later, as adults, Connor and Jenny rekindled their romance, but Jenny forced him to woo her for several weeks in an attempt to rid him of his womanizing ways. After they finally did have sex, Connor falls in love with her, but then panics, running out on her so he won\'t be hurt. Jenny wakes up alone and broken-hearted. His relationships thereafter consisted of a series of very short flings. Awakening back in the Mead mansion in the present, Connor accidentally destroys Paul and Sandra\'s wedding cake and unsuccessfully attempts to reconcile with Jenny. As he storms out of the house, he is confronted by the "Ghost of Girlfriends Present" in the form of his assistant Melanie , the only constant female figure in his life. With her, he sees that in his absence the other wedding guests make fun of him and his shallow lifestyle. Paul stands up for his brother, recalling that Connor helped to raise him after their parents\' death, and expresses his hope that Connor will someday change for the better. Connor also sees that Jenny is being comforted by Brad , and is upset that his own actions and attitude are bringing the two closer. He is further upset to discover that Melanie and the three women whom he previously broke up with via conference call are bonding over his disregard for their feelings. Returning to the house, Connor finds Sandra furious at learning that Paul had slept with one of her bridesmaids very early in their relationship, information that Connor had let slip earlier in the evening. Connor attempts to mend the situation but only makes things worse, and Paul tells him to leave. On his way out, he is confronted by the "Ghost of Girlfriends Future" , who takes him forward in time to see that Jenny marries Brad while Paul remains alone. Further in the future, Paul is the only mourner at Connor\'s funeral. Wayne appears and tells Connor that this is his future if he continues on the same path, pushing him into the grave to be buried by his many ex-girlfriends. Connor awakens in the Mead home and learns that Sandra has called off the wedding and is on her way to the airport. He intercepts the bridal party by driving Wayne\'s classic car down the snow-covered hill and into a lake, and convinces Sandra to forgive Paul by sharing lessons learned from his own mistakes, particularly that the pain of heartbreak is outweighed by the regret of never risking one\'s heart in the first place. and convinces Sandra to forgive Paul by sharing lessons learned from his own mistakes, particularly that the pain of heartbreak is outweighed by the regret of never risking one\'s heart in the first place. Connor helps Jenny to pull the wedding back together and reconciles with her afterward by showing her the picture he still carries of her as a child, and promises to always be there when she wakes up. The two kiss and dance in the snow.'] ["Somewhere in the middle of Texas, Ameet  and Saima  have a problem. They were perfectly happy avoiding each other until their parents set them up to get married. The reluctant couple decide to do whatever it takes to break off the engagement. After some very embarrassing efforts, they finally succeed in getting their parents to call off the wedding, only to realize they have another problem, they're in love! Meanwhile, Saima's father , deciding that she's passed her expiration date, promises her to Ashol - a sleazy playboy. Finally, there's a wedding; Ashol's big secret, Ameet's bigger surprise, and Saima's biggest decision."] ["Lilian 'Lil' Andrews  is a young woman who will do anything to improve herself. She seduces her wealthy boss William 'Bill' Legendre Jr.  and cleverly breaks up his marriage with his loving wife Irene . Irene reconsiders and tries to reconcile with Bill, only to find he has married Lil that day. However, Lil finds herself shunned by high society, including Bill's father, Will Legendre Sr. , because of her lower class origins and homewrecking. When Charles B. Gaerste , a nationally known coal tycoon and the main customer of the Legendres' company, visits the city, Lil thinks she has found a way to force her way into the highest social circles. She seduces him, then blackmails him into throwing a party at her mansion, knowing that no one would dare offend him by not showing up. It seems like a social coup for Lil, until her hairdresser friend and confidante Sally  points out that all the guests have left early to attend a surprise party for Irene . Humiliated, she decides to move to New York City, even if it means a temporary separation from her husband. Will finds Lil's handkerchief at Gaerste's place and correctly guesses what Lil has done. He shows his evidence to his son, who hires detectives to watch Lil. They find that she is conducting not one, but two affairs, with Charles and his handsome French chauffeur Albert . Bill shows Charles damning photographs. When Lil learns that Charles has found out about her, she returns to Bill, only to find him with Irene. Furious, she shoots him, but he survives and refuses to have her charged with attempted murder. However, he does divorce her and remarry Irene. Two years later, he sees her again, at a racetrack in Paris, in the company of an aged Frenchman. He discreetly hides Irene's binoculars. In the final scene, Lil and her elderly companion get into a limousine ... driven by Albert."] ['The story concerns Devon Miles , a teen who has just graduated from high school in New York City. Upon graduating, Devon heads to Atlanta, Georgia to attend the fictitious Atlanta A&T University, a historically black college that takes enormous pride in its marching band. Devon was personally invited to attend on full scholarship by Dr. Lee , head of the band, for his prodigious talents. The A&T band separates itself from its competitors by requiring all members to read music, by focusing on various styles of music rather than what music is currently popular on the radio, and by dedication to the teamwork emphasized "one band, one sound" concept. The band has a preseason that is similar to an athletic team\'s induction in that it is very physically and mentally difficult. It challenges all recruits to push themselves past what they previously thought were their limits. At the end of preseason, the musicians audition for spots on the field, and Devon is the only freshman to make P1, the highest level player. While going through his rigorous process, Devon also finds time to romance an upperclassman dancer, Laila . College life starts well for Devon, as he has the girl and a spot on the field. Things begin to sour when Sean , Devon\'s percussion leader, begins to grow weary of Devon\'s cocky attitude. Sean later challenges Devon to take a solo in his first game, believing the freshman will panic and be embarrassed in front of everyone. Sean is shocked when Devon takes the solo and is subsequently humiliated. This sets up some tension in the drumline which is exacerbated when Dr. Lee is told by President Wagner , the school\'s president, to change his focus from music to entertainment or lose his funding. Lee does not want to give Devon more playing time because he feels Devon\'s attitude and respect are lacking. The situation further deteriorates when it is revealed that Devon cannot read music. Devon is demoted to P4 by Dr. Lee until he learns, then later put back on P1 when Wagner pressures Dr. Lee to do so. However, after inflaming a melee with a visiting band at A&T\'s homecoming game after Devon plays on an opposing band member\'s drum, Devon is finally kicked out of the band by Dr. Lee. The fight also harms his relationship with Laila as she is embarrassed to introduce him to her parents, who attended the game and thought of Devon as a hoodlum. Devon contacts A&T\'s rival school Morris Brown College, to discuss playing for their band next season. Mr. Wade , Brown\'s band leader, says that Devon does not need to know how to read music and will likely get a full scholarship and a good position on the drumline. When Wade wants to know what Dr. Lee is planning for the BET Big Southern Classic , Devon realizes that his heart and honor are still with the A&T band. He rejects the scholarship offer from the rival band and returns to A&T. Though Devon is still not playing for the band, he cannot give up his drumming. He is sent cassette tapes from his estranged father and gets some ideas for new drum arrangements. He and Sean have a final confrontation that clears the air and they begin to work together. The two present their idea for an entrance cadence to Dr. Lee who decides they will be used during the Classic. Devon helps the drumline prepare and patches up his relationship with Laila. Lee also tells Devon that he can guarantee him a full return to the band next year. At the Classic, the bands are shown performing a mixture of popular songs. Morris Brown\'s band even gets rapper Petey Pablo to perform during their routine. A&T is not fazed by this and performs their mix of retro and current sounds. A tie results and the Morris Brown and A&T drumlines face off. Dr. Lee tells Devon he can play for this face-off, showing his faith in Devon\'s improved character and in thanks for all the hard work he has done in getting the band ready for the Classic. Morris Brown goes first and A&T responds. Morris Brown\'s second cadence includes their snares moving forward and playing on the A&T drums , then throwing down their sticks. The A&T line manages to hold their composure in the face of the insult. They play their cadence and in the middle throw down their sticks, mimicking the Morris Brown actions, but then the entire line pulls out another set of sticks and continues playing. They end their routine in the faces of the Morris Brown drumline, but instead of playing on their drums, the line all drop their sticks onto the other drumline\'s drums. The judges award the win to A&T.'] ['The film begins by chronicling the DiNapoli siblings - Antoinette , Domenico , and Frank Jr.  - growing up, whenever young Dom became upset by something, the one thing his mother did to comfort him, was to feed him, from nursing him while crying in the middle of the night as a baby, to giving him a cannoli after being urinated on by his baby brother as he\'s being changed. Because of this, Dom grew up with a love of food, a trait that was shared by his equally obese cousin, Salvatore . When Sal suddenly dies at the young age of 39, the entire family grieves, and prompts Antoinette to urge Dom to visit the diet doctor that Sal was supposed to visit, so as not to further copy his cousin\'s unhealthy eating habits, and drive himself into an early grave as well. Dom is reluctant, but agrees to do so when he begins to realize the signs that his obesity is ruining his health; after his examination, Dom is heartbroken when he is given his new diet plan, and he sees the long list of things he can no longer eat, that he has always loved. The diets fail, and Dom\'s eating habits begin to drive his sister crazy, who enlists him in the Chubby Checkers support group. Meanwhile, Dom meets Lydia , who owns the town antique shop, and quickly falls in love with the her when he realize they have a lot in common, but being self-conscious about his weight, he fears rejection, and can\'t bring himself to ask her out. Now further depressed, Dom seeks comfort from his Chubby Checkers - Sonny and Oscar , who turn out to be of little help, as their reminiscing about their favorite desserts and dishes drives them to having a pig-out party in the kitchen. To help their brother, Antoinette and Frankie bring Dom and Lydia together, and the two begin dating; while dating Lydia, Dom doesn\'t realize that he has been eating less and less, and is shocked to discover at how loosely his clothes fit in a matter of weeks. Finally, Dom decides to propose to Lydia, but when he drops by her apartment, he finds she is gone, and there is no sign of her, which worries him so much, that he ends up eating all of the Chinese takeout food he was supposed to pick up for family for a party. It is at this point that Frankie and Antoinette finally begin to think Dom is crazy; Dom begins to think so as well, and in a fit of self-loathing, blames his mother for her constantly feeding him, but realizes that she only did what she thought was best, and that he has to love himself the way he is, and that his siblings need to accept him for who he is. Dom then receives a phone call from Lydia, who is in a hospital in Boston visiting her younger brother, who had been admitted after accidentally chopping his finger off; Dom flies in to help Lydia care for her injured sibling, and when the two take a walk through the hospital, and watch the newborn babies in the nursery, Dom whispers his marriage proposal into Lydia\'s ear, to which she replies, "Yes." The film ends with a photo montage of now-married Dom and Lydia, and their newborn babies - with each photo showing Lydia holding a new baby, while the previous child grows up.'] ['In a twist departing from the standard superhero formula, White Dragon is a narcissist, forever worried about her good looks, even as she\'s fighting with Feather, a blind assassin nicknamed "Chicken Feathers" because of his propensity for using chicken feathers as his calling card. Chicken Feathers is first challenged by White Dragon, an elderly woman with proficient skills in martial arts to almost match his, but not quite enough. Thinking that she has been fatally wounded, White Dragon transfers her kung-fu knowledge into empty shell Black Phoenix, turning the young woman into the prettiest martial arts expert around. The downside to having these extraordinary powers, which she does not fully understand, is bad acne, which she manages to prevent only by doing "noble" deeds like robbing from the rich and giving to the poor. Phoenix is reluctant to take on her new role at first, but soon becomes interested in tracking down Chicken Feathers when she learns that her love interest, Second Prince Tian Yang, might become his next target. Using her flute-playing as bait, White Dragon finally faces Chicken Feathers in an attempt to defeat him before he can carry out the assassination. Chicken Feathers proves to be too good for the new White Dragon, however. When White Dragon tries to exploit his "weak points," she ends up injured and dependent on Feathers, who does nurse her back to health after their heated battle. While Chicken Feathers plays nurse, White Dragon seeks to find his true weak point to stop him once and for all. What she finds instead is that Chicken Feathers has fallen in love with her, and that he is growing on her as well. After a while her leg healed and Chicken Feathers found a letter for Second Prince Tian Yang and had it read by the town\'s doctor. This letter made Chicken Feathers thinking that Black Phoenix already has a boyfriend, namely the Second Prince Tian Yang. Chicken Feathers confronted Phoenix Black with this and they ended up struggling. Accidentally the girl stabbed her flute into the back of Chicken Feathers, which gave him a moment of sight. She ran away. The Third Prince, brother of the Second Prince, apparently hired Chicken Feathers to kill his brother, this was revealed at the very last scene.'] ["Ed and Alice are in love. Not passionate, ripping-clothes-off in love. But they do laundry on Saturday, do small things that make each other happy. At their engagement party, Alice sees a friend hook up with a server and comes to the conclusion that she would like to try more sexual partners before she settles down for the rest of her life. Ed, initially resistant to the idea of seeing other people, decides to go along with it. Alice takes the lead by making out with a friend's contractor, Donald. When she tells Ed, he is shocked but incredibly turned on. They have some of the best sex they've had in years. Ed attempts to have sex with an actress at work but can't perform. Alice finally psyches herself up to having sex with Donald at his house. She leaves satisfied but hurriedly, while Donald clearly has fallen for her. That night, Alice tells Ed that she had sex with Donald. Ed never thought she would actually go that far. Upset, he leaves. He tries to hook up with different girls at a house party with his friend Carl but none of his attempts go well. He returns home to find Alice trying to call off the whole deal. Ed tells her that she's right and that he overreacted. But he says that they should continue the deal until she is completely satisfied so they have no regrets. The next day, Ed succeeds in having sex with the actress. When he tells Alice, he expects her to be jealous, but instead she is turned on. They again have sex and believe things to be going well. Having sex outside their relationship is improving their own sex life. Carl observes a woman  in a stereo store who is being pressured by an overzealous sales clerk. He helps install a new system for Penelope and her son Jake. Jake is angry at his mother because of her recent divorce. Ed has a date at a restaurant and turns out to be seated next to Alice and Donald. It's uncomfortable. Later, waiting for their cars, Ed and Alice talk. Ed is upset that Alice is seeing Donald, and she is upset that Ed has slept with so many women. Ed says they are supposed to be sleeping with other people but she is just sleeping with one, as if it's a relationship. She says it's hard to sleep with other people with him living in the house. Ed agrees to move out. Alice is growing tired of Donald because he is needy. Ed is getting tired of meaningless sex. He eventually starts dating a woman named Sandy and grows to like her more and more. Breaking it off with Donald after finding out that he dates other women, Alice tries to get back with Ed. Ed however, has feelings for Sandy at this point. But she is not quite what she seems. After a failed three-way in which the third girl straps on a dildo, Sandy suggests they try crack cocaine. In a self-destructive impulse, Alice tries to sleep with her sister's husband Peter. Her sister is having an affair with Ed's friend Lou. She shows up and all is revealed. Alice misses how comfortable and happy she used to be. Ed ends up stranded when Sandy runs off with his car after stealing a bag of crack. He walks all night and arrives at Alice's house just as everyone else is leaving. He pulls out a book of stamps that he bought weeks ago because he knew it to be one of the small things she loves. They sit side by side, not entirely sure where they go from here."] ['At a circus midway, the penniless and hungry Tramp  is mistaken for a pickpocket and chased by both the police and the real crook . Running away, the Tramp stumbles into the middle of a performance and unknowingly becomes the hit of the show. The ringmaster/proprietor of the struggling circus gives him a tryout the next day, but the Tramp fails miserably. However, when the property men quit because they have not been paid, he gets hired on the spot to take their place. Once again, he inadvertently creates comic mayhem during a show. The ringmaster craftily hires him as a poorly paid property man. The Tramp befriends Merna , a horse rider who is treated badly by her ringmaster stepfather. She later informs the Tramp that he is the star of the show, forcing the ringmaster to pay him accordingly. With the circus thriving because of him, the Tramp also is able to secure better treatment for Merna. After overhearing a fortune teller inform Merna that she sees "love and marriage with a dark, handsome man who is near you now", the overjoyed Tramp buys a ring from another clown. Alas for him, she meets Rex , the newly hired tightrope walker. The Tramp eavesdrops as she rushes to tell the fortune teller that she has fallen in love with the new man. With his heart broken, the Tramp is unable to entertain the crowds. After several poor performances, the ringmaster warns him he has only one more chance. When Rex cannot be found for a performance, the ringmaster  sends the Tramp out in his place. Despite a few mishaps, including several mischievous escaped monkeys, he manages to survive the experience. However, when he sees the ringmaster slapping Merna around afterward, he beats the man and is fired. Merna runs away to join him. The Tramp finds and brings Rex back with him to marry Merna. The trio go back to the circus. The ringmaster starts berating his stepdaughter, but stops when Rex informs him that she is his wife. When the traveling circus leaves, the Tramp remains behind. He picks himself up and starts walking jauntily away.'] ["Former teen idol Nam Hyeon-soo  who thinks he is pretty popular is now in his thirties and working as a radio DJ. A young woman named Hwang Jeong-nam  sent stories about her being a single mother to the radio station Hyeon-soo worked at, telling him she is going to meet her father. When He finds out that he is the father of Jeong-Nam when she comes to his apartment with her son Ki-Dong . He also finds out that Jeong-Nam was his first love's name and the other Jeong-Nam's real name is Jae-In. Jae-In and her son, Ki-Dong. Not believing it, he goes through a DNA blood test,and the results say that they're related. Jae-in wants to perform on stage singing, but Hyeon-soo thinks this will reveal his scandal with what's happening to Jae-In, Ki Dong, and himself. Ki-Dong's dad Bak Sang-Yeoun  finds Jae-In, when she started getting popular with her singing. They meet and chat, before Sang-Yeoun thought Jae-In was in a relationship with Hyeon-soo. Later at Jae-In's performance, Ki-Dong went missing, which brought Hyeon-soo to realize that he really did care for his daughter and grandson. He gave up some of his job to be with his family and started to really love them like his children and cared for them."] ['Raj , Yogi  and Vikram  are best friends and business partners who are married to Sanjana , Maya , and Shivani , respectively. What their wives don\'t know is that their husbands cheat on them often with not one, but many women. Yogi has already been caught by Maya after the later hired her new found friend Kishan , a private detective, to check on Yogi. Now Yogi\'s status in the marriage is reduced to that of a butler at home. Yet Yogi still has aspirations for more hanky panky if the right opportunity comes along. Raj is in good shape, as Sanjana is quite gullible and suspects nothing. However, Sanjana finds out from Maya that the necklace that Raj had supposedly bought only for her actually was a buy one, get one free deal. So where is the other necklace? Shivani, Mala, and Sanjana all get together, and Mala decides to hire Kishan to tail Raj. Kishan has built his reputation as a man who saves marriages by getting erring husbands to mend their ways, and is also an expert in playing the flute. When he is first introduced to Sanjana, he seems to fall in love at first sight, or so it is made to appear at this point in the film. Initially a skeptical Sanjana rebukes Kishan\'s early attempts to prove that her husband is a lying cheat. This, however, only makes Kishan more determined. Kishan first attempts to bring all the girlfriends of Raj, Vikram and Yogi to one party, at the same time when all the wives are there as well, in order to force a surprise face-off, thus exposing the cheating husbands. But Raj, with the help of the others, manages to lie his way out of the situation convincingly. Frustrated, but now even more determined, Kishan hatches a new plan, to break the friendship of the three men, by portraying Yogi as a traitor. Raj and Vikram, initially embarrassed, now become suspicious that someone is helping their wives behind the scenes, in order to ruin their marriages. They decide at this point to seek professional help and look to hire a private detective to find out who it is. In a twist of fate, they end up at Kishan\'s office! However, Kishan pretends he has no idea who they are, and chooses to play a double game, agreeing to act as their detective while unknown to them being the very person working for their wives that they are looking for. Kishan now records Yogi talking to Sanjana in a park, hires a voice-over artist, and dubs the tape with Yogi now appearing  as if he is betraying Raj and Vikram\'s secrets to Sanjana. Kishan then shows this altered version to Raj and Vikram, making them to feel betrayed by Yogi. However, as fate has it, they get a chance for revenge right away when Yogi calls and confides in them that he is off to see Sweetie, one of his old girlfriends. Raj and Vikram are quick to reveal this information to Maya, as a result of which Yogi is caught red-handed by Maya, who goes ballistic at the site of Yogi in a hotel room with a girlfriend. Kishan also manages to get Raj, catching him standing in his bathrobe outside an apartment building window ledge due to his girlfriend\'s husband unexpectedly showing up at the door inside. Kishan calls in the news channel and the police in order to get the stranded Raj broadcast live on TV. He then calls Sanjana, asking her to turn on the TV and see for herself what Raj is up to. Caught red-handed, Raj asks Vikram for help, the later comes up with a ploy to make it appear that both Raj and Vikram are undercover police officers in real life. And as such, Raj was out on a mission when caught on camera and that the whole resulting "cheating husband outside window" scenario shown on TV was actually all a misunderstanding. The gullible Sanjana wholeheartedly buys into the story, much to Kishan\'s frustration. Kishan now hatches his own counter-plot and pretends to be the gangster don, King  who is supposedly out to kill Raj and Vikram, thinking they are indeed police officers. When Raj and Vikram come face to face with King, they quickly backtrack on their story of being undercover police officers. However, King  is able to scare Raj and Vikram into being blindfolded and taken as his prisoners. He then has them admitting, unknowingly in front of Sanjana and Shivani, that the whole secret agent thing is a fabrication and they have many girlfriends with whom they cheat on their wives regularly. Sanjana and Shivani become extremely upset upon hearing these confessions, the later fainting on the spot and Sanjana attempting suicide soon thereafter. Meanwhile, the double agent ruse has begun to wear thin after all this time. While at his office, Raj, Vikram and Yogi accidentally figure out that Kishan is, in fact, the person behind all the troubles they are in with their wives. When Kishan arrives, they quickly surround him with the intent to harm him, when all of a sudden Sanjana walks in. She is quick to defend Kishan, who had earlier saved her from committing suicide. At this point Raj threatens to divorce Sanjana, mistakenly assuming she is in love with Kishan. Sometime later, with the divorce finalized, Raj, Vikram and Yogi are found drunk at a lake-side restaurant, when Kishan appears all of a sudden. He has with him wedding cards inviting the three over to a wedding. Raj assumes its Kishan and Sanjana\'s wedding, and starts to chase after Kishan. Since he is drunk, he keeps missing and then accidentally smashes a police officer. The three friends are then arrested, and put in jail. Where they reminisce about the tragedy that has befallen them. But the next morning, they are bailed out by the don King, much to their surprise. Out of jail, and armed with a gun supplied by King, Raj, full of rage, heads straight for the wedding and straight away shoots Kishan, supposedly killing him on the spot. However, it turns out, the bullets were all fake blanks, planted by don in collaboration with Kishan himself. Kishan gets up and reveals that the wedding was actually supposed to be between Sanjana and the surprise groom, Raj himself, much to the embarrassment of Raj. It becomes clear at this point that Kishan was never after Sanjana herself as has been made to appear throughout the film. But that Kishan did all this because he himself once had a wife , who committed suicide after finding out that Kishan was cheating on her. From that day on, Kishan decided to become a private detective going around saving marriages in crisis, like his own. After this emotional revelation, Raj, Yogi and Vikram promise to give up outside-relationships. All the couples get back together, Raj and Sanjana get remarried.'] ["Kailash Pati, a widower, lives a retired life spending time complaining about the ways of new generation. To save his only son from getting spoiled, he decides to get him married. In this endeavour, he meets westernized girls. Disappointed, decides he would get his son married to girl who does not speak English and is traditional in all ways. His Son, Ramesh, on the other hand is in love with a well-educated girl, Dr. Ramola Sharma. Torn between Father and his Love, Ramesh goes to Lalaji, his father's friend for help. Lalaji suggests to trick Kailash Nath, by portraying Ramola as a daughter of village pundit. The trio succeed in tricking Kailashpati to believe that Ramola is indeed an innocent girl who does not know English. They are married and then starts a storm of events to live the lie."] ['The full story reveals the fun,love and lust behind every single man\'s first night dreams.Raja a young newly married boy is full of zeal and cheers about his first night with his sexy wife Shreya. Shreya being a village girl brought by those customs and traditions of a typical village was taught that during first night she should allow her husband to touch and start the sexual intercourse strictly after one\'0 clock at midnight.By the time before Raja first enters the first night hall a thief Bhramanandam enters and hides himself under the couples luxourious and jasmine arranged double cot.Bhramanandam has planned for a hefty hunt and so that he enters that marriage house.And after lying under the cot safely Bhramanandam also anticipates like Raja for shreya but with the main difference the former is eyeing for money and the later for love-making.After 10pm in the night Shreya enters with a pure White half sareewith a milk vessel and a tumbler.After some formalities shreya begins to make love talks with her husband.Bhramanandam unaware of the timings of the first night waits hardly to switch off the light.But the aim of Bhramanandam is far like the one of Raja too.Raja not having any belief of the traditions tries to flirt and even seduce Shreya. Shreya too enjoys the party but without touching and often reminding of "one\'o clock".By hearing this Bhramanandam rose to anger and scolds within himself.Meanwhile when nearing by 12.30 the current gets switched off and Raja finds his time to give his best efforts to have sexual intercourse.But before Raja Shreya suddenly strips off and a mood song arises and after the song is finished Bhramanandam gets out of the house with hefty money and jewels.Suddenly Bhramanandam hears the sound "please dont touch me" and finally realises he is still under the custody cot of the new couples that during he nicely slept off with the dream.Finally when the three inches into the one\'o clock ticker each of them starts feeling to happy and Raja starts to remove his kurtha top Bhramanandam getting excited and pinches himself and again Shreya convinces Raja that only at 1.30 we can start according to some tradition related to kamadeva in their practice.Also stating that lord Kamadeva always gives his blessings to the couples worshipping 30 minutes before their intercourse.By the time Bhramanandam\'s mind has started to be pessimistic and he slowly sleeps unconsciously.Raja however by this time wants Shreya to elaborate about some popular beliefs about sex in their tradition and some types of sex practices and enquires with anger that how to enjoy in the bedroom.But shreya doesn\'t gets angry and remains calm and worships the lord Kamadeva to give his eternal blessings.Raja also threatens Shreya that he will masturbate lonely and will never satisfy her emotions that night.Shreya tells that there is another man inside this room and i will cope up with him.Raja rages Shreya and quells to show him.By this time the poor Bhramanandam wakes up and just waked up without any conscious.Shreya says "o donga takkari donga"get up and come infront of us.Bhramanandam stands up and by seeing Bhramanandam in real thief\'s attire both the newly wedded gets shocked.After realising that he was caught up by the couples Bhramanandam tells that he is lord Kamadeva and announces that he had come to initiate the first night process without any fight between the couples and advises and gives tips for both to lead a happy and peaceful sexual life.After Bhramanandam vanished without grapping any of their belongings finally Shreya allows Raja to begin the happiness and as usual like every other south Indian movies the light gets switches off and the couples begin to hug each other and ends with happiness.'] ["Muskaan  is an orphan girl living on a farm run by her overly-protective older brother, Vishal ([[Arbaaz Khan  and their 'Chachu' . Muskaan's childhood friend, Ujaala , has been carrying a torch for the brooding Vishal since childhood, but he won't give her the time of day. Later on Muskaan decides she wants to go to university in the Mumbai and has to persuade her brother to let her go. Once in the big city, Suraj , an underachieving student, who does not get along with his stepmother and is estranged from his father, falls in love with Muskaan. After a few attempts at messing with Muskaan and trying to get her attention, Suraj finally succeeds and Muskaan falls in love with him. One day, when Vishal comes to visit Muskaan, he is mistakenly considered her boyfriend by Suraj and his group of friends. They consequently try to fight Vishal but instead get beat up. Vishal does not like Suraj because his terms and conditions of his future brother-in-law are very strenuous physically and he thinks Suraj is neither competent nor a man to be taken seriously. And he decides to bring Muskaan back to the farm sensing Suraj's bad influence on her studies. Suraj pursues her and starts working on the farm as a stable boy after a chance meeting with 'Chachu' in which he saves Chachu's life. Vishal decides to give Suraj another chance and puts him to the test; however, he is rejected. Vishal wants Muskaan to marry the brother of Thakur Vijay Singh , not knowing that Thakur Vijay Singh is doing this to merely extract vengeance against the Thakur family for a previous humiliation his own family received. So Suraj must now prevent this from happening and he must also be able to win Vishal's heart if he is really interested in marrying Muskaan."] ['Grace Herbert  is a 30-something woman who has made her living from seducing wealthy men and suing them for breach of promise. At the end of her finances, she and her maid, Josie  head to Miami where Grace hopes to find another rich man. When that plan falls through, she stumbles upon Ellen Daley , a young lady who is looking for a job as a secretary. Instead, Grace decide to make the girl her protege and teach her how to make money leading older wealthier men on for money. They leave for Chicago, and on the way meet Tom Dice ([[James Ellison  when he fixes their flat tire. All they know is that he\'s a cowboy, and while Ellen is attracted to him, Grace dismisses him. Grace introduces Ellen to Bill Vincent , a vain man who likes young woman, and who coaches Ellen on exactly how to lead a man on enough to get expensive present from him, including a fat settlement to avoid a lawsuit. Despite some initial misgivings, Ellen begins to enjoy her role. After they are finished with Vincent in Chicago, the ladies move on to New York City and Van Payson , another older wealthy man who is happy to squire a much younger woman. While out on a date, Ellen runs into Tom and the two of them end up sharing a cab when she gets separated. He makes arrangements to call on her, but Grace, who still thinks that Tom is "just a cowboy" criticizes Ellen for wanting to see him. When she does some research, Grace finds out that Tom is a multi-millionaire and is in favor of the two of them spending time together. She encourages Ellen to marry him because he is so wealthy. While Ellen is very much in love with Tom, she refuses to consider marrying him because of how she has been earning her gifts. When Tom proposes, she tells him that she needs to think about it for a day. That night she leaves a note for Grace and runs away. Grace decides that since Ellen is gone, she\'s going to try to run her old game on Tom. In a men\'s club steamroom, Van overhears Bill talking about his experience with Ellen and the two of them realize that they were dealing with the same women. When the two of them show up at her hotel and accuse her or running a scam, she turns the tables on them accusing Bill and Van of defaming Ellen\'s character and finagles them into paying her outstanding bills and sends them on their way. As they leave they justify their behavior to each other reassuring themselves that they have not been taken for another ride. In the meantime, Grace resumes her seduction of Tom and manipulates him into proposing to her. The next morning, Tom\'s mother  pays her a visit only instead of threatening to block the marriage, she just lets Grace know that she knows all about Grace\'s past, but will bless their marriage as long as she promises to always love and care from him. This moves something in Ellen and when Tom comes to visit, she tells him that she knows he still loves Ellen and he should go to Miami and marry her. He rushes out to get on a plane to find her. Tom\'s mother lets her know that Tom\'s uncle &ndash; who is also a wealthy cattleman &ndash; is in town alone, and tells her that he is a man who needs to settle down and get married to a woman who can bring som femininity to his batchelor\'s life. When she tells Grace that he\'s in the lobby of the building, Grace tells Josie her maid to have him sent up while she helps Grace get ready to meet him. as Josie helps her dress, Grace puts on the perfume she uses when she\'s seducing a man and says to Josie, "For the last time".'] ["Gil Pender, a successful but creatively unfulfilled Hollywood screenwriter, and his fiancée, Inez, are in Paris, vacationing with Inez's wealthy, conservative parents. Gil is struggling to finish his first novel, centered around a man who works in a nostalgia shop, but Inez dismisses his ambition as a romantic daydream and encourages him to stick with the more lucrative screenwriting. While Gil is considering moving to Paris , Inez is intent on living in Malibu. By chance, they are joined by Inez's friend Paul, a pedantic pseudo-intellectual who speaks with great authority but questionable accuracy on the history and art of the city. Inez admires him, but Gil finds him insufferable. One night, Gil gets drunk and becomes lost in the back streets of Paris. At midnight, a 1920s Peugeot Type 176 car draws up beside him, and the passengers&mdash;dressed in 1920s clothing&mdash;urge him to join them. They go to a party for Jean Cocteau where Gil comes to realize that he has been transported back to the 1920s, an era he idolizes. He encounters Alice B. Toklas, Cole Porter, Josephine Baker, Zelda and F. Scott Fitzgerald, who take him to meet Ernest Hemingway. Hemingway agrees to show Gil's novel to Gertrude Stein, and Gil goes to fetch his manuscript from his hotel. However, as soon as he leaves, he finds he has returned to 2010 and the bar has disappeared. Gil attempts to bring Inez to the past with him the following night, but while they wait, she becomes impatient, and peevishly returns to the hotel. Just after she leaves, the clock strikes midnight and the same car arrives, this time with Hemingway inside it. He takes Gil to meet Stein, who agrees to read his novel and introduces him to Pablo Picasso and his mistress Adriana, to whom Gil is instantly attracted. Stein reads aloud the novel's first line:{{cite web}} :{{cquote}} Adriana says that she is hooked by these few lines and has always had a longing for the past. Gil spends each of the next few nights in the past. His late-night wanderings annoy Inez, and arouse the suspicion of her father, who hires a detective to follow Gil. Meanwhile, Gil spends more and more time with Adriana, who leaves Picasso for a brief dalliance with Hemingway. Gil realizes he is falling in love with her, leaving him in conflict. He confides his predicament to Salvador Dalí, Man Ray, and Luis Buñuel, but being surrealists they see nothing strange about his claim to have come from the future, finding it to be perfectly normal. They discuss the impossibility of Gil's relationship with Adriana, and each of the artists envisages a different masterpiece inspired by such an unusual romance. While Inez shops for furniture, Gil meets Gabrielle, an antiques dealer and fellow admirer of the Lost Generation. Gil later discovers Adriana's diary from the 1920s on a book stall by the Seine and discovers that she was in love with him. Reading that she dreamed of receiving a gift of earrings from him and then making love to him, Gil attempts to steal a pair of earrings from Inez to give to Adriana, but is thwarted by Inez's early return from a trip. Gil purchases earrings for Adriana and, returning to the past, declares his love for her. As they kiss, they are invited inside a horse-drawn carriage by a richly-dressed couple and are transported back to the 1890s Belle Époque, an era Adriana considers Paris's Golden Age. They are taken to Maxim's Paris, and eventually to the Moulin Rouge where they meet Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec, Paul Gauguin, and Edgar Degas. When Gil asks what they thought the best era was, the three determine that the greatest era was the Renaissance. The enthralled Adriana is offered a job designing ballet costumes, and proposes to Gil that they stay. Gil, however, realizes that despite the allure of nostalgia, it is better to accept the present for what it is. Adriana elects to stay in the 1890s, and they part. Gil retrieves his novel from Stein, who praises his progress as a writer but questions why the main character has not realized that his fiancée  is having an affair with a pedantic character . Gil returns to 2010 and confronts Inez. She admits to sleeping with Paul, but dismisses it as a meaningless fling. Inez's parents agree with Gil when he tells her that they are not right for each other, prompting Inez's father to confess that he had Gil followed, though the detective mysteriously disappeared.  Gil breaks up with Inez and decides to remain in Paris. Taking a walk at midnight, he meets Gabrielle and, after it starts to rain, offers to walk her home and learns that she shares his love of Paris in the rain."] [' In her senior year as a Southern California college student, girlish sorority president Elle Woods majors in fashion merchandising and is seriously in love with her boyfriend, Warner Huntington III, who will attend Harvard Law School the following year. She excitedly expects him to ask her to marry him, but instead he breaks up with her. Desperate to win Warner back, Elle studies for and passes the law-school entrance exam, applies to Harvard, and is accepted. Upon arriving at Harvard, her classmates disapprove of her because of her naivete, and she discovers that Warner is engaged to another student, Vivian Kensington. The only friend Elle makes is Paulette, a divorced manicurist. Elle later helps Paulette gain custody of her dog back from her ex-husband as well as seduce the delivery man on whom she has a crush. After Vivian tricks Elle into attending a party in a Playboy Bunny costume, Elle has a discussion with Warner and finally realizes he will never respect her. Now determined to succeed on her own, Elle studies hard and wins an internship with Professor Callahan, as do Warner and Vivian. They work with Callahan and an associate, attorney Emmett Richmond, to defend Brooke Taylor-Windham, a famous fitness instructor accused of murdering her much older billionaire husband, Hayworth Windham. Brooke was once Elle\'s fitness instructor and a member of her sorority. Elle believes Brooke is innocent, but Brooke\'s stepdaughter, Chutney, and the household cabana boy say she is guilty, and that they saw Brooke standing over Windham\'s dead body, covered in his blood, while Brooke testifies that she loved her husband and only found him after he had been shot to death. Brooke refuses to provide Callahan an alibi, but when Elle visits her in prison, Brooke admits that she had liposuction on the day of the murder. Public knowledge of this fact would ruin Brooke\'s reputation as a fitness instructor, so Elle agrees to keep it secret and refuses to reveal the alibi to Callahan. Impressed by her integrity, Vivian starts to befriend Elle, also admitting that Warner was put on Harvard\'s wait-list and only got in because his father pulled some strings. The case against Brooke begins to weaken when Elle deduces that the cabana boy is gay after he correctly identifies Elle\'s shoe style. During the cross-examination, Emmett tricks him into identifying his boyfriend in court, proving that his testimony about having an affair with Brooke was a lie. Impressed by her performance, Callahan discusses Elle\'s future with her and then makes sexual advances on her, which Elle immediately rejects. Overhearing part of the conversation, Vivian is frustrated by Elle apparently using her sexuality to gain her internship. Elle, also thinking that Callahan chose her for sexual reasons, decides to leave law school. Professor Stromwell, who once removed Elle from her class for being unprepared, helps regain Elle\'s spirit. Meanwhile, Emmett explains Elle\'s encounter with Callahan to Vivian and Brooke. Brooke is enraged by that and Vivian realizes her mistake. Before the trial continues, Brooke dismisses Callahan and hires Elle as her new attorney with Emmett supervising. Elle begins shakily while cross-examining Chutney, who testifies that she was home during her father\'s murder, but did not hear the gunshot because she was in the shower washing her hair after getting her hair permed earlier that day. Elle gets Chutney to reconfirm her story, then reveals that washing permed hair within the first 24 hours would have deactivated the ammonium thioglycolate, and Chutney\'s curls are still intact. Exposed, Chutney admits to killing Hayworth accidentally because she thought he was Brooke, whom she hated for marrying her father because she was Chutney\'s age. Brooke is exonerated, and Chutney is arrested. After the trial, Warner tries to reconcile with Elle, but she rejects him, explaining that she needs a boyfriend who is less of a "bonehead" in her new career. Two years later, Elle, who has graduated with high honors, is the class-elected speaker at the ceremony, and has been invited into one of Boston\'s best law firms; Vivian is now Elle\'s best friend and has called off her engagement with Warner, who graduated without honors and no girlfriend and with no job offers; Paulette has married her delivery man and is expecting a baby girl to be named after Elle; and finally, Emmett has started his own practice, is now Elle\'s boyfriend, and will propose to her that night.'] ['Ten people in Baltimore deal with their respective romantic problems, usually thwarted by the differing ideals and desires of their chosen partner. At the center of this is Gigi , a young woman who repeatedly misinterprets the behavior of her romantic partners.  Gigi is a single woman who repeatedly misreads mundane actions and comments from her dates as indications they are romantically interested in her. She then frets when the guy doesn\'t call. In attempting to meet Conor at a bar, she befriends the bar owner Alex  who reveals the strategies men use to avoid a woman. He explains that if a man is interested in a woman, he will overcome any obstacles to ensure they date again, and that Gigi has been misinterpreting and obsessing over imagined "signs" she receives from men. This friendship continues and Gigi interprets his eagerness to always assist, such as taking Gigi\'s call while he is on a date, as a sign that he is interested in her. She eventually makes a move but Alex claims he is not interested in her romantically. Gigi has moved on from Alex, no longer desperately trying to construct evidence the man is interested in her. However, in a role reversal, Alex began mooning over Gigi. After leaving several unanswered messages Alex arrives at Gigi\'s apartment to declare his love. They kiss and start dating.  Gigi\'s friend and co-worker Janine  is having difficulties in her marriage to Ben . As Janine obsesses on their home renovations, Ben becomes attracted to Anna , a yoga instructor and aspiring singer, and the feeling is mutual. Ben and Anna pursue a flirtatious friendship under the pretense of him helping her establish a singing career. Ben reveals to Anna that Janine coerced him into marriage by threatening to leave if he didn\'t propose. Fervently anti-smoking , Janine pointedly asks Ben if he has been smoking, and later is perturbed to find cigarette butts hidden in the back yard of the house. Ben insists they are not his. Their contractor Javier, aggressively interrogated by Janine, says none of his workers smoke at the house. During a tense shopping trip to select flooring, Ben reveals to Janine that he has cheated on her. Janine is devastated but rationalizes Ben\'s behavior, blaming herself for being too cold in the relationship, and declares she wants to save their marriage. After a positive meeting about her singing career, Anna begins to have sex with Ben in his office. They are interrupted by Janine who, hoping to spice up their marriage, has arrived unexpectedly. Anna hides in a closet and Ben attempts to send Janine away. But she makes a heartfelt plea to save their marriage, and there are indications she succeeds in seducing him. After Janine leaves Anna angrily departs vowing to cut ties with Ben. As Janine tidies up Ben\'s clothes back at their newly completed house, fully satisfied to make it a home, she discovers a fresh pack of cigarettes in a pocket. She explodes in anger. When Ben arrives home he finds his clothes neatly folded with a whole carton of cigarettes and a note attached from Janine asking for a divorce. Janine moves into a new apartment by herself to start a new life. Anna is later seen performing at an upscale nightclub. Ben is alone, purchasing the same beer at the same supermarket where he met Anna.  Ben\'s lover Anna enjoys a close friendship with Alex\'s friend, real estate agent, Conor ([[Kevin Connolly . He is romantically interested in her, while Anna is only interested in a casual relationship with Conor. Conor misinterprets her hugs and cute nicknames for potential romantic interest. Anna\'s friend, Mary  is in ad sales for a local newspaper. She helps Conor promote his real estate business in a series of print ads. Like Gigi, she meets many men , but despite constantly monitoring emails, pager, phone, and Myspace messages, the "meetings" go nowhere. ; While Conor attempts to cultivate a gay clientele, two gay men tell him how he is going wrong with Anna. Taking their advice, Conor decides to declare his love to Anna. Vulnerable after falling out with Ben, Anna agrees to start a serious relationship with him. When Conor proposes buying a house and moving in together, Anna admits she doesn\'t want to, and they break up. Mary later runs into Conor, recognizing him from his ad photo, and introduces herself, since they have only spoken over the phone. They hit it off, and start dating.  Gigi\'s other co-worker, Beth , is living with her boyfriend, Neil , who is also friends with Ben. After seven years together, Beth wants to get married, but Neil does not believe in marriage. With Gigi\'s newfound pragmatic stance on relationships after advice from Alex, she announces that she will no longer misinterpret vague gestures from men as more than they really are. This spurs Beth to confront Neil about their relationship. When he still does not want to get married, she breaks up with him. Later, the fraught preparations for her younger sister Paige\'s  wedding bring the issue into sharper focus to Beth. During the reception, her father  suffers a heart attack. Beth looks after him as he recuperates while her sisters sit moping and their husbands remain glued to the television. As the household falls into chaos, Neil arrives with groceries and has tidied the kitchen. The two reconcile, with Beth saying that Neil is more of a husband to her than her sisters\' spouses are to them, and she will not insist they be married. Neil later proposes to her, and they marry in an intimate ceremony aboard his sailboat.'] ["JC seems to have it all figured out. By day he runs a surf school, at night he lies down next to his beautiful girlfriend Chloe. However, when his mates arrive from London unannounced it releases tensions which have long been simmering under the surface of JC and Chloe's seemingly perfect relationship. His friends, especially drug-dealer Dean are intent on causing mischief and sucking JC back into his old habits, which Chloe had hoped were long gone."] ['{{plot}} The story is about two women who trade homes "only to find that a change of address can change their lives." Amanda Woods  is a workaholic who owns a company that produces movie trailers in Los Angeles. Iris Simpkins  is a society column editor for The Daily Telegraph in London. Iris has been in love with Jasper Bloom  for over three years, despite his unfaithful tendencies. When she finds out that he is engaged to the "other woman," Iris begins despairing over the state of affairs in her life. Meanwhile, Amanda discovers that her live-in boyfriend Ethan Ebbers  has cheated on her with his 24-year-old secretary. She decides she wants to get away for the holidays. She visits a home swap website on which Iris had previously listed her "quaint cottage in Surrey.” Amanda messages Iris about her interest. Iris quickly agrees and the two agree to swap homes for two weeks. Iris revels in the luxury of Amanda\'s Los Angeles home, while Amanda is disappointed by the slower, quieter pace of life in Surrey. Amanda grows bored after just a few hours of trying to find something to do, and books a flight back to LA for the next day. Later that night, Iris’ brother Graham  knocks at the door assuming Iris is home. Graham asks Amanda to let him spend the night despite the fact that he is a stranger, as he has been drinking at the pub and doesn\'t want to drive. They end up sleeping together. In the morning Graham receives a number of phone calls from Sophie and Olivia which rouses the suspicions of Amanda that Graham is a womanizer. Graham, knowing that Amanda is leaving to return home, says to Amanda "that if the flight gets cancelled, he is having dinner at the pub with friends. At the airport, just as Amanda\'s tickets are being processed, she decides to stay and goes to the pub. Graham enters the pub, looks for her but cannot see her until he meets his friends and then sees Amanda. Amanda drinks far too much that night. Graham suggests they go to lunch to get to know one another better. During lunch, Amanda shares with Graham, that her parents divorced when she was fifteen and since then she has been unable to cry. Graham responds that he cries all the time: Movies, books, sad stories etc,. While obviously enjoying each others\' company, Amanda is worried that the relationship will become "complicated," and tries to keep Graham at arm\'s length. Meanwhile in LA, Iris is enjoying the stay at Amanda\'s house. She meets Ethan\'s friend Miles  when he comes with his girlfriend Maggie  to Amanda\'s house. Later, she finds an old man, Arthur Abbott  standing lost at the corner, and escorts him home. She learns that he was a script writer during the Golden Age of Hollywood. The two become fast friends. Arthur notes that Iris\' behavior toward Jasper does not match her strong personality, and he suggests movies for her to watch that include strong female characters, in hopes that she can acquire what he calls "gumption." Iris finds out that the Screenwriters\' Guild wants to throw a grand celebration in Arthur\'s honor, but he is reluctant to go for several reasons, chief among them being that he cannot walk without the assistance of his walker, and does not want to embarrass himself. Iris encourages him to go because it\'s a real honor, and promises to help him prepare to attend the award function with her. She undertakes an exercise program with him, determined to help him walk without his walker. During these days Jasper contacts her several times to get her to help with the book he is writing. She agrees to look over his pages, but ends up being so busy that she doesn\'t have time. Amanda chooses not to see Graham again but once alone in the house she has a change of heart and surprises Graham at his house. He looks extremely nervous at the door, looking over his shoulder inside the house. Amanda asks Graham whether he is alone, and he says he isn\'t. However, before she can turn away, Olivia and Sophie come to the door, revealing that they are in fact Graham\'s daughters. Amanda is shocked and asks Graham in a whisper if he is divorced. He says no, because his wife died two years ago. Amanda asks him why he did not reveal the existence of his daughters to her during their sharing at lunch. Graham reveals that he doesn\'t usually tell women about them because he doesn\'t know how to date and be a dad. Amanda fits in beautifully, making Graham reconsider his decision to keep their relationship strictly casual. Iris and Miles have slowly become friends, and one night go to the video store to rent some movies that Arthur had recommended. From the video store Miles sees his girlfriend Maggie in the arms of another guy. He is shocked, as she told him that she would be in Santa Fe on an extended film shoot and would not be in L.A. for this Christmas Eve. He runs out of the store to find out the truth and realizes that she has betrayed him. Both return to Amanda\'s house, where they discuss their tendencies to fall for people that they know are wrong for them, and grow closer for it. Since they are now both single, they allow their natural chemistry to flow a little more, and they grow closer and hang out more often. But one day while Miles & Iris are eating lunch together, Maggie calls Miles and wants to see him. Miles leaves to see her, but promises to come to Arthur’s award ceremony that night. Iris goes back to Amanda\'s where she is shocked to find Jasper. Iris is touched at first, but then asks if he is still engaged. When he responds that he is, she finally breaks up with him for good. Meanwhile Maggie tries in vain to convince Miles to forgive her. He realizes that Maggie was never meant for him and he can never trust her anymore. He breaks up with her and rushes to attend Arthur’s award ceremony. Iris and Arthur arrive at the ceremony and is very surprised to find the hall filled with people all standing and applauding for his achievements. That, plus the song that Miles wrote especially for Arthur for this moment, gives him the confidence to walk onto the stage unassisted. Miles arrives and asks Iris for a date on New Year\'s Eve. Iris responds that she will be back in London by then, however, Miles says "I have never been to London." Iris responds she would love to spend the evening with Miles. Meanwhile, Graham confesses his love for Amanda on the night before she is scheduled to depart for L.A. But Amanda despairs that if she stays in L.A. and he in London, the long distance relationship will never work. She insists that this be the end, but on her way to the airport, she cries for the first time since she was fifteen years of age. She realises that her feelings for Graham are more powerful than her fears and returns to the house to find Graham crying. Amanda tells him that she has decided to stay until New Year\'s Eve with him, and they hug knowing that this is just the beginning. The movie ends in Graham’s place. Iris with Miles and Amanda with Graham and his daughters enjoying the New Year laughing and dancing.'] ["Marius and Jeannette live in the same working-class apartment complex in Marseille, in close proximity with their neighbors. The lame Marius is a security guard at an abandoned cement works, and since the company has gone out of business and the plant will soon be demolished, he is squatting in order to save money. Jeannette is a single mother raising her two children on her own on a meagre supermarket checkout operator salary. They meet when Jeannette tries to steal two cans of paint from the cement lot, and Marius catches her and tries to chase her. The following day Marius comes to her door to apologize, bring her the two cans of paint. A relationship soon develops between them, but as both have been wounded by marital difficulties, and life in general, they are hesitant to become committed. It does not help that Jeannette's romantic fantasy notions are different from Marius' practical ideas. The two must learn how to love again in order for their relationship to blossom."] [' Tracy Samantha Lord Haven  is a wealthy Main Line Philadelphia socialite who had divorced C. K. Dexter Haven , a member of her social set, because he did not measure up to her exacting standards.  She is about to marry nouveau riche "man of the people" George Kittredge ([[John Howard . Spy magazine publisher Sidney Kidd  is eager to cover the wedding, and he enlists Dexter, one of his former employees, to introduce reporter Macaulay "Mike" Connor  and photographer Liz Imbrie  as friends of the family so they can report on the wedding. Tracy is not fooled but reluctantly agrees to let them stay—after Dexter explains that Kidd has an innuendo-laden article about Tracy\'s father, Seth ([[John Halliday , who, Tracy believes, is having an affair with a dancer. Though Seth is separated from Tracy\'s mother Margaret  and Tracy harbors great resentment against him, she wants to protect her family\'s reputation. Dexter is welcomed back with open arms by Margaret and Dinah , Tracy\'s teenage sister—much to Tracy\'s annoyance. In addition, Tracy gradually discovers that Mike has admirable qualities, and she even takes the trouble to find his published stories in the library. Thus, as the wedding nears, Tracy finds herself torn between her fiancé, her ex-husband, and the reporter. The night before the wedding, Tracy gets drunk for only the second time in her life and takes an innocent swim with Mike. When George sees Mike carrying an intoxicated Tracy into the house afterward, he thinks the worst. The next day, he tells her that he was shocked and feels entitled to an explanation before going ahead with the wedding. Tracy takes exception to his lack of faith in her and breaks off the engagement. Then she realizes that all the guests have arrived and are waiting for the ceremony to begin. Mike volunteers to marry her , but Tracy graciously declines. At this point, Dexter makes his bid for her hand, which she accepts.'] ['It tells the story of an engineer Jim Ryan  and a female photographer Katherine Grant , who gets him fired from a tunneling job. She feels responsible and hires him to help her. The differences in their styles help them to fall in love.'] ['U.S. Army Specialist 5  Tulsa McLean  is a tank crewman with a singing career. Serving with the 3rd Armored "Spearhead" Division in West Germany, McLean dreams of running his own nightclub when he leaves the army, but such dreams don\'t come cheap. Tulsa and his buddies have formed a band and perform in various German "Gasthauses", night clubs, and on an Armed Forced stage. In one bar, he even discovers the record "Blue Suede Shoes" sung by someone named Elvis on a jukebox. To raise money, Tulsa places a bet on his friend Dynamite , that he can spend the night with a club dancer named Lili , who is rumored to be hard to get. She turned down one other G.I. operator, Turk . Dynamite and Turk have vied for women before when the two were stationed in Hawaii. When Dynamite gets transferred to Alaska, Tulsa is brought in to take his place. He is not looking forward to it, but in order to keep his money, he must go through with it. McLean uses his Southern charm and calls Lili, "Ma\'am." She at first sees Tulsa as another Occupation Duty GI. Then after a day on the Rhine, Lili begins to fall for McLean. Tulsa\'s friend Cookie falls in love, with Lili\'s roommate, Tina  from Italy. In the end, Rick and Marla\'s baby son Tiger helps Tulsa win the bet for the outfit—and Lili\'s heart.'] ["The film follows the lives of a group of gay friends in West Hollywood. Among the group is Dennis , a photographer who often holds the group together; Cole  a handsome, charismatic actor who &mdash; often unwittingly &mdash; ends up with other people's boyfriends; Benji , the youngest member of the group, with a penchant for gym-bodied men, who finds himself going through some bad times; Howie ([[Matt McGrath , a psychology student who is known for overthinking every situation; Patrick ([[Ben Weber , the cynic of the group; and Taylor ([[Billy Porter , who has long boasted about his long-term relationship, which has just come crashing to an end. Guiding them is restaurant owner Jack  who provides them with advice and jobs for some of them who work part time as servers at his restaurant. But when tragedy strikes, and the group's newest member, 23-year-old Kevin , attempts to fit in, their friendships are put to the test. The film also stars Nia Long, Mary McCormack and Justin Theroux, and features a cameo by Kerr Smith, who knew the director through their work on Dawson's Creek and enjoyed the script so much he asked to be a part of it."] ['Lucy , Mimi  and Kit  are three friends who live in a small town located in the state of Georgia. While children, they bury a "wish box" in the ground, and vow to dig it up on the night of their high school graduation, also pledging to stay best friends forever. However, as they grow up, they focus on different aspects of their lives, and stop being friends. Lucy turns out to be the smart girl with perfect grades, Kit becomes the popular girl in school, and Mimi is a teenager who ends up being pregnant. On the night of their graduation, they keep their promise and get together to open the "wish box". As they start talking again, they remember their old wishes while burying the box: Mimi wanted to travel to California, Lucy wanted to see her mother again, and Kit wanted to get married. Mimi brings up the topic of going to Los Angeles for a record contract audition. They all decide to go together; Lucy to visit her mom in Tucson, Arizona and Kit to visit her fiance in Los Angeles. They set out on the road with little money in a yellow 1969 Buick Skylark convertible with a guy named Ben . Lucy, however, leaves without the permission of her father Pete , who wakes up the next day to find his daughter is gone. Shortly into their journey, the car breaks down. They realise that they don\'t have enough money between them for the travel nor the repair costs. Mimi then suggests that she sing karaoke at a local bar, where good singers are tipped well by the costumers. While at the bar, the girls dress up and go the stage to perform. However, when the song starts Mimi develops stage fright, being unable to sing. Seeing that they needed the money, Lucy takes her place, and quickly becomes a hit with the crowd. They make enough money to fix the car and continue on their way. Shortly after the group checks into a motel, Kit tells the girls that she heard a rumour about Ben, commenting that he had recently been released from jail, after killing someone. The girls then spend most of the journey feeling uneasy around him, until they confront him. Ben reveals that he in fact was in jail - for driving his step-sister across state borders without parental consent, after his father was abusing her. Having established that Ben was not the assassin they imagined him to be, Lucy and Ben grow closer. The girls talk properly to each other for the first time since they were kids. Lucy reveals that her mother abandoned her and her father when she was three. Kit, who was overweight as a child, has an overbearing mother who sent her to "fat camp" but now cannot stand that her daughter is more beautiful than her. Mimi reveals that the baby\'s father was not her boyfriend, but a guy who raped her after she got drunk at a party. After they arrive in Arizona, Lucy finally meets her mother Caroline  after eighteen years. However, Caroline reveals that she married again, and that she now has two sons. She reveals to Lucy that she never wanted to have her, and that she was a mistake. Lucy leaves the house and starts to cry in a motel bathroom, while Ben comforts her. The following day, Lucy rejoins the others and goes on to Los Angeles. When they arrive, Kit brings Mimi along to surprise her fiance, Dylan . However, it is revealed that Dylan is betraying Kit, after they see another girl in his apartment. Already upset, Kit suddenly realizes that it was Dylan who raped Mimi and got her pregnant, and she punches him. Scared, Mimi runs away. However, she falls down the stairs and, consequently, loses her baby. While alone in the hotel, Lucy has sex with Ben for the first time. Lucy and Ben fall in love, and against her father\'s wishes, she stays in Los Angeles and goes to the audition instead of Mimi, receiving a standing ovation at the end.'] ['Successful author Christopher "Kit" Madden  travels to Los Angeles to work on the film adaptation of her book. On the way, she meets two Marines, Captain "Rusty" Thomas  and 1st Lieutenant "Dink" Watson (. She considers Rusty the best choice to play the film\'s main character. Unsure how he will react if he discovers she is a famous writer, she keeps her identity secret. During their journey across the country on trains, the trio end up in various comedic and dramatic situations. When Rusty finally learns the truth, he thinks that she has been using him just so he would be in the motion picture. Nonetheless, the couple resolve their differences.'] ['{{Expand section}} A newly married couple decides to improve their social life by throwing three great parties and inviting tons of people at their Brooklyn apartment. The film follows this pursuit over the course of a year.'] ['The film is about a romance between an upper middle class Jewish girl named Jill Rosen , who is bound for Sarah Lawrence College, and a blue-collar Italian boy nicknamed the Sheik  in late 1966 New Jersey, who aspires to follow in Frank Sinatra\'s footsteps. The movie follows their high school experiences during their romance: Jill\'s success in high school acting productions, Jill\'s rebuffing Sheik\'s sexual advances, Sheik\'s one-night stand with a sexually active friend of Jill\'s, and a subsequent suicide attempt by that friend. Eventually, Sheik is expelled from school, and after an attempted robbery and subsequent pursuit by local police, Sheik goes to Miami, Florida, while Jill subsequently leaves for her first year at Sarah Lawrence in the fall of 1967. At one point in her first year, Jill visits Sheik in Florida, and although she sees clearly how little he has going for him , she chooses to have sex with him, for their first  time. In the moments before they undress, their conversation turns to his odd nickname, which he had not explained to Jill when they dated in high school. "Sheik" is brand of condoms, he explains--"like Trojans." Some time after Jill returns to college, Sheik arrives at work to find that he has been unceremoniously replaced by a real singer, albeit one with no great talent. This humiliation makes Sheik self-aware of his almost non-existent opportunities for career success , and in response, he steals a car and makes the long drive from Miami to New York, propelled by the romantic notion of reuniting with Jill. Jill\'s initial college experience has not been easy or happy: she has not met with the acting or social success she had in high school. Yet, the act of consummating her desire for Sheik has led her to realize that she does not love him, for having had sex with him has moved her past the point of romantic and sexual wonder, and left her seeing that they inhabit different social worlds . When Sheik arrives at Sarah Lawrence and does not, at first, find Jill, he violently trashes her room and waits for her return. When she does and he declares his love for her, she tells him plainly that she does not love him. Sheik briefly resists her response and then, in a moment of quiet dignity, accepts it. This exchange between them  ends with a moment of gentleness and kindness. Jill then reaches out to Sheik, and asks him as a favor--for them both, in a sense--if he will take her to a college dance, for which she has otherwise been unable to find a date. The movie ends with this dance, and this final scene also registers the quick change of pace in popular culture in the mid-1960s. In the midst of the dance, either Jill or Sheik  makes a "request" of the rock band that is performing, which is that the band, incongruously, perform "Strangers in the Night", the Sinatra hit that had been a key part of the soundtrack, as it were, of their high school romance. The film ends with them looking into each other\'s eyes and slow-dancing.'] ['Mary Carroll  is a young woman from upstate who came to New York City to find a job and a career, but whose money has almost run out. Jack Bacon ([[Norman Foster  is an aspiring artist who lives in the same Greenwich Village building as her, in the attic loft. Both are months behind on their rent, and their landlord, Max Eckbaum , a good-natured soul who nevertheless has expenses to meet, comes up with a solution, to move Mary into Jack\'s loft, and have them share the apartment on a shift basis. They would never see each other or know who the other is, since Jack is out all night and sleeps during the day, and Mary is taking a job selling refrigerators by telephone, which keeps her out all day. However, each still manages to get a very bad impression of what the other is like, when each realizes that the other is of the opposite sex from articles of clothing lying about. A series of misunderstandings leads to a series of increasingly annoying pranks aimed at each other. Jack places a bucket in the shower, and when Mary takes one it falls on her head. Then she places Jack\'s suit in the shower, so that it gets wet. In retaliation, he saws her bed in half so that it would come apart when she sits on it. Their situation really gets complicated when Mary and Jack manage to accidentally meet out of the apartment, each not knowing who the other is, and begin to fall in love. Matters get worse when Mary\'s boss, lecherous H. Harrington Hubbell , tries to invite her out for dinner, and Jack\'s would-be "patron", lonely, libidinous and rich older woman Elise Peabody Willington Smythe , tries to maintain her monopoly on the artist. When Jack accompanies Mary to a company picnic, they slip away from the group together and miss the bus back to town, forcing them to take a taxi. When they arrive at Jack\'s home, Mary realizes that Jack is her roommate. Trying to allay what he assumes are her suspicions about the arrangement, and unaware that Mary is the person he\'s been sharing the attic with, Jack strongly denounces his co-tenant to her, until the landlord comes and lets them know who is who. Both Elise and Hubbell also arrive, Elise tries to bribe Mary, and a protective cabdriver, Fritzie ([[Guinn Williams , punches Hubbell, mistaking him for Jack. Realizing his mistake, Fritzie then goes to his cab where Jack is pleading with Mary. Fritzie is about to punch Jack when Mary intervenes, and the cab drives off with Jack and Mary kissing in the backseat. Asked if they will get married, the landlord says, "I arranged it."'] ["Deeply religious April Epner, a 39-year-old Brooklyn elementary school teacher, finds her life derailed by a series of events over which she has no control. Her husband Ben abruptly leaves her, her abrasive adoptive mother Trudy passes away the following day, and shortly after she is contacted by Alan, a representative of Bernice Graves, the flamboyant host of a local talk show, who introduces herself as her biological mother. Although intrigued by Bernice's claim she was fathered by Steve McQueen, April initially resists her efforts to forge a relationship. At the same time, she finds herself attracted to Frank, the divorced father of one of her students, as the two get to know each other via lengthy telephone conversations. For their first date he escorts her to a party at Bernice's apartment. Complications arise when April discovers she is pregnant, the result of a quick and clumsy coupling with Ben on the kitchen floor just before he left her. April has longed to have a child all her life and is delighted with the news, but is confused and upset by Ben's sudden return, Frank's hasty departure, and Bernice's insistent attempts to create a bond between them. Not helping the situation is the discovery Bernice voluntarily put her up for adoption a full year after her birth and not three days later at the urging of her parents, according to the scenario she initially presented. When April miscarries, her brother Freddy tries to counsel her, but ultimately she must rely on her deep-rooted faith to deal with the betrayals she has suffered not only at the hands of those she trusted but by the God she worships as well."] ["Abby Morrison has lived a sheltered life. She has an imaginary boyfriend Sy since she was five; it was all because she never had her parents and real friends with her. However, she is an artist with a passion to paint and usually make paintings of Sy. When she agrees to tutor her roommate's cynical cousin Quinn, she finds herself attracted to him. He felt jealous for her boyfriend; because he didn't know about the reality. However, Abby ignores the attraction, in order to focus on Sy. Abby's parents invite Quinn for thanksgiving day where her mother mentions Abby's imaginary friend, which makes Quinn think that she made all of it up as an obstacle for their relationship. He stopped talking and meeting with her, but he gradually became miserable. Abby also realized that she should get rid of Sy and face reality. She asks Sy to leave for good and for the very first time she joins her parents in their weird work . Quinn,after seeking advice from his roommate and cousin, searches for Abby and while looking for her in a club he once took her to, he finds a portrait of himself painted by Abby and notices an image in the background of Abby at the rink. He finds her there and kisses her."] ["Sanjay Sahu  hails from a poor rural family at remote village in Karimnagar. His brother dies of heart disease as a child. His father commits suicide as crops fail and his mother too is no more. While going to burial ground, he repeatedly slips and swoons at a stone pillar. He plucks it out, which enrages the henchmen of a land-grabber Damodar Reddy . When they attack him, Sahu beats them to pulp, and disappears into a forest and joins the naxalites. During a combing operation, Sahu and a police officer  meet each other and become good companions under strange circumstances. Sahu comes to Hyderabad and duly rehabilitated as a college student. The police officer's younger daughter Bhagi aka Bhagmati  falls in love with Sahu. However, the cop is not willing to accept her marriage with Sahu, whom he thinks as a carefree youth without commitments. Meanwhile, Damodar Reddy is out on a vengeance mission against Sahu, as his lands are distributed among the rural poor by the naxalites. So Damodar Reddy arranges to beat up Sanjay's friends and plants bombs in his locality, killing several people around Sanjay. But Sanjay remains untouched by these. Now, the police officer wants to get his daughter married to a decent young man , but he soon realizes that he is none other than the younger son of Damodar Reddy. How does Sahu accomplish the task of undoing Reddy's attacks and winning the hand of Bhagi? This forms the climax."] ["The story revolves around University students and roommates Mia  and Alice , each of whom is experiencing various upheavals. Mia and Alice have just moved into a trendy apartment but are in desperate need of a housemate. Danni , Mia's girlfriend is keen to move in, but Mia fears commitment. Mia, obsessed with her favourite lecturer becomes embroiled in a war of paperwork with the University administration as she attempts to pursue him to his new department. She is hampered in her efforts to transfer by her current supervisor . To add to her woes she then breaks up with her girlfriend, Danni. Danni herself is pursuing another love interest, in part to get back at Mia. Alice, a habitual perfectionist is four years late with her thesis on 'Doris Day as Feminist Warrior.' She is looking for the perfect man but can't find anyone who fits her strict criteria. Frustrated, she falls for the most unsuitable male possible... Ari , a Classics student and part time gigolo. However she is the object of desire of a shy medical student, Michael . As the day ends and the party begins events begin to unscramble in unexpected ways. Omnia Vincit Amor... Love Conquers All."] ['Joe is an aspiring actor working as a bus boy in a high-class restaurant. His longtime girlfriend Mary works as a cosmetician for the fashion industry and largely supports him with her steady income. Joe is more concerned with expressing himself than getting a paying job, and has been unwilling to accept roles that do not live up to his artistic standard. Mary supports Joe, but urges him to accept any role to get his foot in the door. Meanwhile, his co-worker Bob lands a lucrative role on a soap opera. Bob is a classically trained actor, but is willing to overlook the quality of the material for the money. He also has a fetish for natural blonde women, leading him to date Sahara, a naive model, and then dump her after discovering that her hair is dyed. Joe swallows his artistic pride and meets with an agent, Dee Dee Taylor, who arranges for him to be an extra in a Madonna video. Mary is harassed as she walks to work each day and begins taking a self-defense and anger management class on the advice of her therapist. The instructor encourages her to express her anger, and she finds the class extremely empowering. Bob is successful in his soap opera role and begins a relationship with his costar Kelly, a "real blonde". At the Madonna video, the director treats Joe and the other extras like cattle. Joe meets Madonna\'s body double, Tina, a friendly aspiring actress, and gets himself fired for protesting an anti-Semitic statement made by the assistant director. Joe\'s firing sparks an argument between Joe and Mary. The pressure of Joe\'s career is straining their relationship, and they have not had sex in a long time. Mary\'s instructor, Doug, gives her a ride home from her class and makes a pass at her. She rebuffs him, but lies to cover up the incident to Joe. Meanwhile, Bob suffers erectile dysfunction and is unable to have sex with Kelly. She mocks his inadequacy and leaves him. Dee Dee takes pity on Joe and allows him to audition for the role of a "sexy serial killer". He reads his lines with Tina and begins to improvise his dialogue. He impresses the producers and lands the role. Tina invites him out for a drink and he resists her advances with some difficulty. Mary meets with her therapist and tells him about her experience with her self-defense instructor. He tells her that she must become comfortable with men showing their attraction to her and begins sharing his own sexual fantasies about her. She storms out of the session. Meanwhile, Bob is negotiating a longtime contract on the soap opera, but Kelly continues to taunt him on set. Bob threatens to quit the show and then forces the producer to kill off Kelly\'s character. Bob goes back to dating Sahara, with whom he is miserable. Joe breaks the big news about his role to Mary and they rejoice. Mary asks him if she is wrong for feeling angry when men hit on her. Joe supports her and threatens to beat up her therapist if he ever sees him again. They have sex for the first time in months and drift off to sleep, happy and satisfied. Mary wraps her hand around Joe\'s finger, revealing that his improvised monologue had been about his feelings for her.'] ["It is the story of the relationship between journalists Dan Hanson  and Lorie Bryer  twice – once from each perspective. The man's story was directed by Ken Kwapis and the woman's by Marisa Silver. At the time, Kwapis and Silver were engaged and they married soon after the film was released. Dan and Lorie are rival editorial page contributors at the Baltimore Sun. The rivalry between the conservative Dan and liberal Lorie eventually leads to a TV series where both present their opposing views on various topics such as abortion, sexual harassment, and gay rights. As Dan and Lorie get to know each other, they discover they have feelings for each other."] ['An ensemble comedy, the plot begins when Kira, reeling from a brutal break-up, sleeps with Max, a charming but disheveled wreck already committed to longtime girlfriend Sara. Max becomes obsessed, mostly with Kira, but vaguely with his curious lack of conscience as well. Kira, fighting to win a job she hates and running aimless romantic loops, faces the precarious double challenge of choosing a next step and charting a course back to sanity.'] ["In 1983 Don Robson  started a boys football team called Athletico Greenwich. Twenty years later six of the lads are still playing for the team, but things have become so much more complicated.  Cass , the team's top scorer on and off the pitch, isn't sure he's ready for fatherhood with Kate , the love of his life. Adam  still hasn't told the rest of the team he's gay. Colin  is desperate to have a threesome even though he's just started going out with the lovely Vicky . Dylan  is in love with the woman his father is about to marry. Billy  is trying to save his marriage. Johnny  is not ready to accept the fact that his father, who started the team all those years ago, is dying. Whilst it is the Sunday football team that keeps this group of friends together, this is not a film about football. This is a film about complex relationships, and how childhood friends have to change as they mature.'Channel 4 Film Review', Clare Poland, June 2006"] ['Frumpy wife Beth devotes herself to bettering her husband\'s mind and expanding his appreciation for the finer things in life, such as classical music. When he goes shopping at a lingerie store to buy some sexier clothes for her, he meets Sally, the shop girl. Rejected by his wife for a night out on the town, he takes Sally, who douses him with her perfume. When Beth smells another woman\'s perfume, she kicks him out and files for divorce. Beth\'s Aunt Kate takes her shopping to get her mind off of her broken heart. While in the dress shop, Beth overhears women gossiping about how her dull appearance led to her losing her husband. She determines to "play their game" and gets a new "indecent" wardrobe. Meanwhile the manipulative Sally convinces the dejected Robert to marry her. He finds that his second wife annoys him as much as his previous one. Later the couple and their dog end up at the same luxury hotel where divorcee Beth is strutting her stuff. She tries to seduce Robert, but he resists. Each of them quickly leaves the situation, but they meet again on a train. As they\'re walking away from the station, Robert slips on a banana peel. When the police arrive on the scene, Beth identifies Robert as her husband and takes him home. Doctors say he is to be kept quiet for 24 hours. The two women argue over whether Sally will move Robert against doctor\'s orders. Beth locks the three of them into the bedroom, which leads to a physical struggle over the key during which Sally breaks a mirror, inviting seven years bad luck. Beth threatens to burn Sally\'s face with acid, which leads to a stalemate. The three stay in the room until Robert\'s crisis is over. A doctor pronounces him healthy, but Robert refuses to go home with Sally. Sally throws the vial of acid on Beth\'s face only to discover that Beth was bluffing; the vial contained only eye wash. Sally leaves but not before taking the cash from Robert\'s pants pockets and declaring that the best thing about marriage is alimony. The final scenes show the remarried Robert and Beth in their home. Beth dresses up in more revealing clothes and replaces the classical recording on her Victrola with a record of the fox trot. Sally has taken up with a violin player. The intertitle that ends the film reassures ladies that their husbands would prefer them as sweethearts, and reminds them to make sure they remember, from time to time, to "forget" being a wife.'] ["Pamela Drury is single and works as a serious journalist. She spends her birthday alone and becomes lonely and reflects upon her life and the choices she made. In a box of photos of old boyfriends, she reflects upon why she broke up with one in particular, Robert Dickson, 13 years earlier. She also meets an interesting man, Ben and follows him home, only to see through his window that he is with his family and looks very happy. Shortly afterwards, she is hit by a car while crossing the street. The woman who was driving the car is also Pamela, but is Pamela Dickson; she is from an alternate universe in which she married Robert 13 years earlier. Pamela Dickson takes Pamela Drury to the Dickson family home and the two of them talk in the kitchen. Suddenly, Pamela Dickson's kids come home and she disappears, leaving the unmarried Pamela Drury in a house she has never seen before with three children she does not know. The children assume she is their mother, although they do not quite recognize her sometimes. She soon finds out that her alter ego Pamela Dickson lives in a dull marriage and writes lightweight articles for a mainstream ladies magazine, rather than being the serious reporter that Drury is. She meets Ben again, but in this time-line he was never married and still mourns the loss of the great love of his life, who was killed just before their graduation from college. At first, Pamela Drury was pleased to be with Robert again after all these years apart, but she is soon unhappy and annoyed with married life, and quarrels with Robert. She embarks on an affair with Ben, not mentioning to him that she has a husband and kids . Ben visits her and learns the truth, and walks away angry and disappointed. Soon, Pamela Drury embraces having a family and falls for Robert again, and even stimulates him and enlivens her marriage. Then when Pamela Dickson is in a restaurant bathroom, Pamela Dickson shows up again, and the two women switch back to their former lives. Pamela Dickson had been living the life of single Pamela Drury and enjoyed it but ultimately missed her husband and kids so she came back. Pamela Drury is single once more and embraces her life with a new appreciation of all that being single and having a career has to offer. She learns that while she was gone, Pamela Dickson began dating Ben, who actually is divorced from the woman she saw through the window, the same woman who alternate-Ben had thought was his soul mate. Ultimately she sees that both lives are appealing and offer a lot to appreciate."] ['At a midwestern college, student Mary Crawford has the combined good and bad fortune to meet Andy Schmidt, a remarkably conceited young man who is convinced that he is tremendously talented and has every intention of becoming a star. Andy is so obnoxious, he wants Mary to marry him fast before he becomes too famous to give her a second look. She can\'t resist him, try as she might. Mary takes her new boyfriend home to Columbus, Ohio, to meet her strait-laced parents. Andy proceeds to annoy them in every possible way, hugging them, calling them "Tom and Mom," interrupting dinner to do a series of impressions, thoroughly ruining the visit. "Oh, God, why him?" Mary rhetorically asks. Nevertheless, she elopes to a justice of the peace, marries Andy and moves with him to New York City, where he is certain Broadway or the movies will beckon within a matter of weeks. Half a year passes and Andy gets nowhere. His ego isn\'t bruised and he remains his same insufferable self. Mary takes an office job to support them. She gets pregnant and still loves her husband, but her parents are terribly worried for Mary and she has to ask them for money because Andy isn\'t making any. Andy does manage to make a friend, Milton Miller, a little person with a big ego. Milton might not look like a ladies\' man, but he definitely is, as he tries to prove to everybody, even Mary\'s mom. Milton is a struggling actor himself. He points out to Andy a way to make a few bucks: "I wrestle sometimes." Out of inspiration or desperation, Andy tries his hand at a new occupation—professional wrestling. He doesn\'t have the build for it, but by behaving and dressing in the manner of a Gorgeous George, he creates a character known as "The Lover" who drives both opponents and audiences crazy. Andy has thousands of fans at last, even if they\'re not the kind he had in mind.'] ['Kathleen Kelly  is involved with Frank Navasky , a leftist postmodernist newspaper writer for the New York Observer who\'s always in search of an opportunity to root for the underdog. While Frank is devoted to his typewriter, Kathleen prefers her laptop and logging into her AOL e-mail account. There, using the screen name \'Shopgirl\', she reads an e-mail from "NY152", the screen name of Joe Fox . In her reading of the e-mail, she reveals the boundaries of the online relationship; no specifics, including no names, career or class information, or family connections. Joe belongs to the Fox family which runs Fox Books — a chain of "mega" bookstores similar to Borders or Barnes & Noble. Kathleen, on the other hand, runs the independent bookstore The Shop Around The Corner, that her mother ran before her. The two then pass each other on their respective ways to work, where it is revealed that they frequent the same neighborhoods in upper west Manhattan. Joe arrives at work, overseeing the opening of a new Fox Books in New York with the help of his friend, branch manager Kevin . Meanwhile, Kathleen and her three store assistants, George , Birdie , and Christina  open up shop for the day. Following a day on the town with his eleven-year-old aunt Annabel  and four-year-old brother Matthew  , Joe enters Kathleen\'s store to let his younger relatives experience storytime. Joe and Kathleen have a friendly conversation that reveals Kathleen\'s fears about the Fox Books store opening around the corner, shocking Joe. He introduces himself as "Joe. Just call me Joe," omitting his last name, and makes an abrupt exit with the children. However, at a publishing party later in the week, Joe and Kathleen meet again, both of them being in the New York book business, where Kathleen discovers Joe\'s true identity. Following suggestions from Frank and Joe via "NY152" Kathleen begins a media war, including both a boycott of Fox Books and an interview on the local news. All the while, "NY152" and "Shopgirl" continue their courtship, to the point where "NY152" asks "Shopgirl" to meet. Too embarrassed to go alone, Joe brings Kevin along for moral support. He insists that "Shopgirl" may be the love of his life. Meanwhile Kevin, looking in a cafe window at the behest of Joe, discovers the true identity of "Shopgirl." When Joe discovers that it is actually Kathleen behind the name, he confronts her as Joe . The two exchange some bitter words and Joe leaves the cafe hurt, Kathleen returns home puzzled why NY152 might have stood her up. Despite all efforts, The Shop Around the Corner slowly goes under. In a somber moment Kathleen enters Fox Books to discover the true nature of the store is one of friendliness and relaxation, yet without the same dedication to children\'s books as her independent shop. Eventually, her employees move on to other jobs; as Christina goes job hunting, George gets a job at the children\'s department at a Fox Books store  and Birdie, who is already wealthy from investments, retires. Allowing time for their electronic relationship to convalesce, Joe visits Kathleen while she is sick, and for the first time makes a favorable impression. Joe discovers that Kathleen has broken up with Frank, who has moved in with a talk show host who interviewed him ([[Jane Adams . This was predated one week by Joe and his uptight girlfriend, Patricia , who broke up in their apartment building while stuck in the elevator. Kathleen and Joe develop a tentative friendship that blossoms over the course of a few weeks and they begin to spend more time with one another. During this time, Joe as "NY152" mysteriously postpones meeting Kathleen. Finally, "NY152" and "Shopgirl" agree to meet for the first time since "NY152" apparently stood her up. Joe and his dog Brinkley  meet Kathleen at Riverside Park. Kathleen admits that she had wanted "NY152" to be Joe so badly, and the two kiss.'] ["A high-powered consultant  in love with her upscale Miami lifestyle is sent to New Ulm, Minnesota, to oversee the restructuring of a blue collar manufacturing plant. After enduring a frosty reception from the locals, icy roads and freezing weather, she warms up to the small town's charm, and eventually finds herself being accepted by the community. When she's ordered to close down the plant and put the entire community out of work, she's forced to reconsider her goals and priorities, and finds a way to save the town. After tasting her secretary's secret recipe of tapioca pudding, she decides to adapt a former yogurt production line to produce this special recipe of tapioca."] ['Yau became the proprietor and head chef of a successful restaurant/cafe since her mother died six months ago. Yau cooks according to the large collection of recipes her mother, who had tremendous talent as a culinary artist but never found success in the restaurant scene due to sexism, created over the years, but has no confidence in herself as a chef. When she visits Japan with her assistant Guo at the invitation of an Iron Chef style cooking show, she has a chance run-in with an old boyfriend, Chuen. Over the next weeks back in HongKong, Yau struggles with resurgent feelings for Chuen even as she discovers that one of her best friends has started seeing him. In the mean time, her steadfast supporter and assistant for the last three years, Guo, pushes her to be more bold in her art and experiment. Love and food intersects with surprising twists as she finally decides to leave the past behind and compete in the cooking challenge. In the end, love is the secret ingredient.'] ["When Claire Mathewson's  husband Stephen  comes back unexpectedly from the 1932 Summer Olympics, where he was supposed to compete in the javelin throw, he discovers the train tickets for a romantic Venice getaway she has planned with her lover Gerald . Gerald's friend Bunny  lies and says that the tickets are actually for Gerald and his wife. With Stephen still suspicious, Gerald must find a fake wife to go to Venice with him. He tries to hire the actress Chou-Chou , but since her boyfriend is a jealous man, she gives the job to out-of-work Germaine , who needs the 2000 franc fee to keep from starving. At first, Gerald thinks she is too demure, but she soon convinces him that she can pretend to be a glamorous wife. The two couples go to Venice. Bunny, attracted to Germaine, decides to join them. On the train, Stephen questions Gerald and Germaine about how they met. When they arrive in Venice, Claire quickly becomes jealous, as both Stephen and Gerald seem fascinated by Germaine. Claire eventually demands that Gerald send Germaine away immediately, so he orders her to leave the next day. Meanwhile, a drunken Bunny climbs a ladder into Germaine's bedroom and offers to take her away. After she turns down his offer, he falls into a canal on his way out and is apprehended by two policemen. Stephen believes he hears a burglar and goes to her room to investigate. The two are then caught in a seemingly compromising position by Gerald and Claire. However, Bunny reappears and explains what really happened. Her love for her husband rekindled, Claire breaks off her affair with Gerald. Germaine reveals to Gerald that she is not in fact Chou-Chou and decides to return to Paris, but Gerald catches up to her in a gondola and asks her to marry him."] ["It is the early 1900s. Distinguished philosopher Leopold  and his much younger fiancée, Ariel , are going to spend a weekend in the country with Leopold's cousin Adrian  and her crackpot inventor husband Andrew . Also on the guest list is womanising doctor Maxwell  and his latest girlfriend, free-thinking nurse, Dulcy . Over the course of the weekend, old romances reignite, new romances develop, and everyone ends up sneaking off behind everyone else's backs."] ["Over Thanksgiving break, while his roommate is away from campus, pretty boy Andrew  sleeps with Shayna , his roommate Joe's  dream girl. When Shayna starts a relationship with Joe, attempting to make Andrew jealous, it causes a rift in the boys' friendship."] ["Set in the summer of 1976, the movie follows the adventures of Drew Tate , a shy 16-year-old from upstate New York, when he and his family spend two weeks with affluent relatives on Martha's Vineyard. Drew's parents, Kenny  and Brenda , worry that their son is emotionally disturbed. His favorite companion is a doll, in which he names Iago , with which he engages in animated conversations. They also fear that a fire he accidentally set in the family garage foreshadows a future as an arsonist. On Martha's Vineyard, Drew is thrown into an affluent, party-loving black society that congregates on a beach known as the Inkwell. The visit is also the occasion of some bitter family strife. Drew's Aunt Francis  and her husband, Spencer , are conservatives whose walls are plastered with pictures of Republican dignitaries such as Barry Goldwater and Ronald Reagan . Kenny, a former Black Panther, and Spencer argue furiously about racial issues. The Inkwell follows Drew's bumbling pursuit of the insufferably snooty Lauren . He also befriends Heather , a young woman whose husband, Harold , is a faithless louse. The movie comes to an end on the Fourth of July, when the Bicentennial fireworks end up symbolizing not just America's 200th birthday but Drew finally losing his virginity with Heather."] ['The film begins with a drunken and downtrodden Catholic priest stumbling aimlessly around town while "Please Call Me Baby", performed by Tom Waits, plays, then telling his story to a sympathetic bartender . Father Brian Finn  has been dedicated to his calling since he was a child and now shares the duties of a New York parish with an older priest, Fr. Havel . Rabbi Jacob "Jake" Schram , best friends with Brian since childhood, is the youngest rabbi at his Conservative synagogue; his lack of effort to find a Jewish wife often results in his mother  and other women of his congregation setting him up on blind dates, much to his dismay. The two men show a close bond, even in their professions, where the two are planning the opening of a jointly sponsored community center. In its earlier days, the friendship included a third party. Via flashbacks and reminiscent musings, Anna Reilly  is introduced: she met Jake and Brian in middle school, after beating up a bully who was picking on them. The three enjoyed attending ballgames, playing sports, and riding the subway around the city together, as well as getting into typical mischief. Unfortunately, Anna\'s father got a new job that resulted in the Reillys moving cross-country to California. Years later, Anna calls her old friends out of the blue and the friendship is rekindled when her company temporarily re-assigns her to a New York position. Feelings quickly begin to run deeper than before, as Anna, despite her workaholic tendencies, is as vibrant as Brian and Jake remembered her; however, it is, ironically, the men\'s careers that prove to be the most problematic. She and Jake start sleeping together, but he is reluctant to be involved in a serious relationship with her because she is not Jewish, a fact which could compromise his relationship with his congregation and also with his mother . Between the religious conflict and their desire to spare the feelings of their mutual friend, the relationship is kept mostly secret, resulting in both humorous and harmful complications. Meanwhile, Brian is involved in his own test of faith as he struggles with his feelings for Anna despite his vows. Apart from praying about the situation and discussing it with Fr. Havel, he keeps these thoughts mostly to himself. Brian begins misinterpreting Anna\'s words and actions  and even has an erotic dream about her; he begins to seriously consider quitting the priesthood to pursue a romantic relationship with her. Anna tells Jake that she wants things to be more serious between them and he does not respond well. When Jake\'s mother discovers their relationship, the two have an argument over the religious issues complicating their romance, which ends in the two parting ways in frustration. Anna turns to Brian for comfort and he rushes over to her apartment. Still unaware of what\'s been going on, he takes her tearful ramblings to be a confession of feelings for him, then kisses her and admits his love. When she interrupts him, he first assumes it to be guilt based on his vows, but she tells him she is in love with Jake. Feeling embarrassed and rejected, Brian raids Anna\'s liquor cabinet, angrily cutting off her attempts to re-assure him and apologize. The next day, still drunk, Brian stumbles into the temple and interrupts a post-bar mitzvah gathering, resulting in a confrontation with Jake that ends with the priest punching the rabbi. He leaves and stumbles around the city, which brings the movie back to the very first scene with the bartender. As the Community Center\'s grand opening approaches, along with the last days of Anna\'s east coast assignment, the relationships begin to mend. A discussion between the two men prompts Jake to go to Anna\'s office building , with Brian shouting encouragement at him as he runs down the street. Jake manages to get Anna\'s attention from a window in the building across the street and calls to explain himself and offer to set things right. They surprise Brian in the middle of his karaoke number at the interfaith center, which looks to be off to a successful start. Anna greets Rabbi Lewis  as he passes by and asks about their meetings together, at which point it becomes clear that she had been taking classes to convert to Judaism. The film ends happily with the three childhood friends posing for a photo together.'] ['Pilot Steve Collins  agrees to help bandleader Alan Brice  and heiress Joan Winfield  elope. Steve then contacts her father Lucius , offering to prevent the marriage and deliver her to him in return for enough money to get out of debt. Steve tricks Alan into getting off the aircraft, then takes off with Joan. When an irate Joan tries to jump out of the aircraft, Steve sees that she has her parachute on backwards and is forced to crash land near the ghost town of Bonanza. The next morning, they encounter the lone resident, "Pop" Tolliver ([[Harry Davenport . Joan escapes into an abandoned mine. When Steve follows her, they are trapped by a cave-in. Steve finds a way out, but hides it from Joan on the advice of Pop. Believing that they are going to die, Joan re-examines her frivolous life with great regret. Steve admits he loves her, but when he kisses her, she tastes food on his lips and realizes he has found a way out. They exit the mine to find that Alan has tracked them down, accompanied by a Nevada judge. Steve does not object when Alan and Joan get married, hiding the fact that Bonanza is in California and therefore the wedding is invalid. The "newlyweds" board another aircraft, but when Joan figures out that they are not really married, she parachutes out to be reunited with Steve.'] ["Brown sugar is the film that follows the evolving relationship between Sidney , an attractive young woman who has just been appointed the editor-in-chief of the hip-hop magazine XXL, and Dre , an A&R for Millennium Records. They have been bound together since their early childhood. The news that Dre is preparing to be married to Reese , a successful entertainment attorney, sends Sidney into a subconscious tizzy. Suddenly, she doesn't seem to know how to behave around Dre anymore, and an impulsive kiss on the eve before his wedding sends fissures of doubt cracking in every direction. Dre gets married and begins to settle into his life when a decision to sign an untalented but commercially viable rap group forces Dre to choose between his love for true Hip Hop and his job. Subsequently he quits his job to start his own record company focused on bringing back the real hip hop that his generation fell in love with. Reese, however, is not understanding and thus not supportive of this venture. Additionally as Sidney draws closer to Dre due to their partnership in the label, jealousy develops over Dre and Sidney's friendship. Sidney, who also has begun to live her life with a budding relationship with Kelby  receives a proposal from her boyfriend which she accepts. Turmoil ensues when Dre finds out Reese has been having secret liaisons with a man from the gym . Dre brings Sid to bust her in the act. This leads to a night of shared passion between Dre and Sid and opens Sid's eyes to the fact she is not prepared to get married to Kelby. She calls off the engagement and while searching for Dre sees Reese and Dre in a parting embrace that she misconstrues as more. While at Hot 97 waiting for Cavi's first single to play on the Angie Martinez show, Dre hears Sid talking about her new book I Used to Love H.I.M. Though based on her love affair with Hip Hop, it really is a chronicled time line of her love affair with Dre. He recognizes this, rushes over to the station to confront his feelings as well. Meanwhile in the production both, Sid's cousin Francine finally asks Cavi out on a date...something he has been trying for since their first meeting. The film ends with Cavi's song playing in the same park where their love of Hip Hop began..."] ['Mary Smith , daughter of presidential hopeful Horace Smith , has lived a cloistered life free of any scandal. Although she is devoted to her father and supports his political aspirations, she longs for a life of her own. Believing she needs some excitement in her life, Mary\'s free-spirited Uncle Hannibal ([[Harry Davenport  takes her dancing at a nightclub, which the police raid for gambling. When Horace learns that press reporters have discovered Mary\'s name on the police report, he sends his daughter off to the family\'s Palm Beach, Florida mansion. For Mary, Palm Beach during the off season is a place of loneliness and boredom. She asks her two housemaids  if she can go along with them on a blind date with some cowboys from a visiting rodeo. The two maids reluctantly agree. Feeling sorry for the inexperienced Mary, they coach her on their three-step "system" for getting a man interested: flatter him, get him talking about himself, and play on his sympathy with a hard-luck story. The three women go to the rodeo, and afterwards meet up with their dates at the Rodeo Cafeteria and pair off. Mary is immediately attracted to the tall, lanky, and unpretentious cowboy Stretch Willoughby  and arranges to be with him. After dinner, they continue their evening back at Mary\'s beachfront estate. Aware that the plain-spoken Stretch is suspicious of high society rich folk, Mary pretends to be a lady\'s maid whose "boss" is out of town. Mary attempts to get the shy cowboy interested by following the first two steps of the "system" but fails to attract his interest. Determined, she proceeds to the third step, inventing a hard-luck story about her drunken father and four younger sisters whom she alone must support. When she adds a tear or two to embellish her story, Stretch is won over, and the evening ends with the two kissing in the moonlight. The next morning, an enamoured Stretch Willoughby appears at the mansion prepared to ask for Mary\'s hand in marriage. Unprepared for this turn of events, Mary casually dismisses his awkward proposal. Angered at the rejection, Stretch tosses Mary into the swimming pool and storms off. Completely fascinated by this man unlike any she had ever hoped to meet, Mary follows Stretch when he boards a ship for Galveston. Determined to apologize, Mary finally succeeds in getting the stubborn cowboy to listen to her. But her explanation for her behavior falls short of actually confessing her true identity. The days on board the ship bring the two closer together, and on the last night before docking at Galveston, they are married by the ship\'s captain . When the newly married couple arrives at Galveston, they set up temporary home in a tent at a rodeo camp. Mary does her best to adapt to the dusty and primitive conditions, but she is having a difficult time. Stretch senses Mary\'s unease, but believes it stems from her worrying over her "family"—the fictitious drunken father and four younger sisters she\'s supporting. He suggests she return to Palm Beach alone to settle her family obligations. Although she is ashamed of her continued deception, Mary fears Stretch will reject her if he learns the truth about her and her wealthy family. Stretch believes he\'s married a "work horse" who works hard to support her family, not a "show horse" like her fictitious boss. Confused and miserable, Mary agrees to go back home for a few days and later meet up with Stretch at his ranch in Montana. When Mary arrives back at her Palm Beach mansion, she learns that her father is on his way with all his committee members, plus an important congressman who holds the presidential nomination in his power. Her sympathetic Uncle Hannibal arrives early, and Mary tearfully confides her secret marriage to him. Soonafter, Mary\'s father arrives, full of plans for the following weeks. He assumes his daughter will serve as dutiful hostess and support his plans. Feeling trapped again, Mary finally confesses to her father that she is married to a cowboy and plans to join her new husband in Montana immediately. Mary\'s courage, however, is short-lived. When she sees how her news has crushed her father, she agrees to stay and perform her duties until her father secures the presidential nomination. At his Montana ranch, Stretch is busy making preparations for Mary\'s arrival, helping to build a new house for his bride. But Mary never arrives. Stretch decides to head back to Palm Beach and find out what\'s wrong with his missing wife. When Stretch arrives at the Palm Beach mansion, he insists on talking to Mary\'s "employers". He bursts into the dining room, only to see his wife at the head of a dinner party table, surrounded by her father and all his distinguished guests, who proceed to have a few laughs at the cowboy\'s expense. When asked for his opinion about Mary\'s father running for president, Stretch delivers his scathing opinion about the whole group before leaving in anger. Seeing his daughter\'s distress finally gives Horace Smith pause to think about what his behavior has been as a father. He is there to comfort Mary as they listen to the whistle of the train that is taking her husband out of her life. Back in Montana, a subdued Stretch arrives home only to find his father-in-law Horace Smith sitting on his front porch in the sun, wanting to chat about farming. Horace also tells Stretch that he has quit the presidential race because he now knows that Mary\'s happiness is more important. He goes on to say that all her life Mary has made sacrifices, thinking only of her father, never herself. Upon entering the ranchhouse, the bewildered Stretch finds a party underway, Uncle Hannibal raiding the kitchen, and Mary herself baking a cake with Ma Hawkins. The story ends with the cowboy and the lady kissing in the kitchen of their new Montana home.{{cite web|last|titlehttp://themave.com/Cooper/filmog/cowblady2.htm Coop: A Tribute|accessdate"classic">{{cite web}}'] ['A young man, Juvenal, is apparently able to cure the sick by the laying-on of hands. Mysterious stigmata appear from time to time on his flesh. The former evangelist Bill Hill, tired of selling mobile homes for a living, persuades his friend Lynn Faulkner to befriend the innocent ex-monk and encourage him to aim for the big-time. But matters become complicated when the young couple falls in love, and even more complicated when fundamentalist August Murray takes exception to their relationship.'] ["The main character in Barcelona is a Chicago salesman named Ted Boynton, who lives and works in the eponymous Spanish city in the early 1980s. Ted's cousin, Fred, a naval officer, unexpectedly comes to stay with Ted at the beginning of the film. Fred has been sent to Barcelona to handle public relations on behalf of a U.S. fleet scheduled to arrive later. The cousins have a history of conflict, since childhood, to which the film refers several times. Ted and Fred develop relationships with various single women in Barcelona, and experience the negative reactions of some of the community's residents to the context of Fred's presence. Ted also faces possible problems with his American employer, and with the concept of attraction to physical beauty."] ['Like the original film, this is a story of how a nice guy falls in love with a hellion. The guy is Charlie Bellow, a polite, kind-hearted young man from the Midwestern state of Indiana, and the hellion is Jordan Roark, a beautiful, fun-loving, emotionally volatile young woman who drinks too much and lives in New York City with her father, who is a wealthy physician. Charlie narrates the story. Charlie\'s parents hope Charlie will one day secure a managerial position with the Tiller King agricultural company, where his father works as a maintenance mechanic. When Charlie starts business school in New York City, he sees Jordan drunkenly leaning over the guard rail in a subway station, saves her from an oncoming train, and carries her to his apartment. During the following weeks, Charlie and Jordan have several fun, creative dates. Worried about Jordan\'s volatility, Charlie usually declines when she invites him somewhere, but she cheerfully ignores his refusal and he always gives in to her. Among other things, Jordan tells Charlie that her fiancé recently left her, tells a Tiller King representative she is pregnant with Charlie\'s child, sabotages Charlie\'s job interview with another Tiller King representative, and gives a piano recital. Charlie and Jordan have no sex during this time, but he falls deeply in love with her and she obviously enjoys being with him. Their dating is occasionally interrupted by Jordan\'s father, who believes Charlie is responsible for her drunkenness. After two or three months, Jordan asks Charlie to meet her in Central Park to exchange love letters. At the park, she says she needs more time to heal from the loss of her fiancé. She insists that they bury their letters under a bonsai tree, stop seeing each other, and meet at the same place on the same day of the following year. When the day arrives, Charlie returns to the tree, but Jordan is not there. In her letter, she explains that her fiancé actually died, that Charlie reminds her of him, and that many of her dates with Charlie were reenactments of previous dates with her fiancé. She says that her absence at the bonsai tree means she has not healed yet and that this means destiny has dictated that she and Charlie were not meant to be together. The next day, Jordan goes to the tree, where an old man tells her Charlie has visited the tree periodically, even going so far as to replace it a few months ago after it was struck by lightning. In his letter, Charlie tells Jordan she is the only woman he will ever love and says he believes he is destined to be with her. Some time later, Jordan meets at a restaurant with her ex-fiancé\'s mother. The two women got along well while he was alive, and they have stayed in touch since his death. The mother has been trying to set Jordan up with another young man, and she has arranged for the two to meet today. As she begins to describe the man, Charlie walks into the restaurant. The mother is Charlie\'s aunt, Jordan\'s fiancé was Charlie\'s recently deceased cousin, and Charlie is the young man himself. The film ends after Charlie and Jordan share their first kiss and Charlie explains to the audience that we all need to help destiny in shaping our lives. Repeating the old man\'s words, he says "You need to build a bridge to the one you love."'] ["Samantha MacKenzie , the President's daughter, has been in the public eye her whole life. She has recently spent a sheltered existence in the White House with her father , who is usually too busy to look after his daughter. Accompanied by Secret Service agents everywhere she goes, including the ladies room, Samantha finally believes she has the chance to break out of her cocoon when she is given the opportunity to attend college. Though still followed by Secret Service agents, Samantha at last feels as if she is leading a normal life. She ends up sharing a dorm with crazed Mia , and the two instantly strike up a begrudging partnership. In a classroom, Samantha meets James , who Samantha feels is the icing on the cake of her new life at the college. But there is more to James than she initially thought, and Samantha must learn that the two sides of her life do not have to be separate from each other in order for her entire life to be content. James is a Secret Service agent, undercover as a college student, who is in love with Samantha MacKenzie."] ['The fourth installment in François Truffaut’s chronicle of the ardent, anachronistic Antoine Doinel, Bed and Board plunges his hapless creation once again into crisis. Expecting his first child and still struggling to find steady employment, Doinel  involves himself in a relationship with a beautiful Japanese woman that threatens to destroy his marriage. Lightly comic, with a touch of the burlesque, Bed and Board is a bittersweet look at the travails of young married life and the fine line between adolescence and adulthood.'] ["Stevenson Lowe has a publishing business that's in trouble and a girlfriend named Julia who wants to get married. He buys a townhouse, but only for himself to reside in, which disappoints her. A pair of ghosts, Max and Lily, who once worked in the theater, now quarrel with each other while advising Stevenson why marriage is a bad idea."] ['Detectives Chris Lecce  and Bill Reimers  are assigned to the night shift on a stakeout of Latina waitress Maria Maguire . Maria\'s former boyfriend Richard "Stick" Montgomery  has escaped from a prison following a brawl with several guards. Montgomery telephones Maria. He has a large amount of money that he secretly hid in an armchair prior to his incarceration. Lecce and Reimers spy on Maria, hoping that Montgomery will turn up at her door so they can arrest him. Fate takes a turn for the worse as Lecce falls in love with Maria and the Seattle police suspect him as one of Montgomery\'s allies. The climax of the film takes place at a paper mill, where Lecce and Montgomery have a shootout, resulting in Montgomery being shot in the chest. Maria and Lecce begin to have a relationship.'] ['Carefree vagabond Johnny Rutledge  is stuck in a small town when his medicine show employer and friend Professor Mordecai Ford  is put in jail. He befriends a young girl named May Chalotte . She, her brothers January ([[Gary Gray  and February ([[Billy Gray , and her twin brothers March  and April  are orphans. However, fearful of being separated, they haven\'t told anybody. Johnny finds himself being "adopted" as their uncle. Johnny starts working hard to support his new family, working on a farm during the week and singing and waiting tables on Sunday in a restaurant owned by Jericho Schlosser . Johnny makes the acquaintance of lovely heiress Prudence Millett  when she comes to inquire why the children are not in school. A romance begins to blossom, despite Johnny\'s determination to remain free of entanglements. When wealthy, unloved Jeffrey Gilland Sr.  orders Johnny to keep his disreputable children away from his son Jeffrey Jr. , Johnny scuffles with him and gets thrown in jail. He is bailed out by Prudence, but his troubles are not over. Plato Cassin  finds out about the children\'s parents and blackmails Johnny into agreeing to marry one of his older, spinster sisters, Genevieve  or Adelaide , in order to keep the kids.  Plato also convinces Prudence that Johnny was using the children to romance her. After thinking it over, Johnny decides to run away with Professor Ford. May overhears and invites people to her birthday party, intending it to be a going-away party for Johnny. Prudence shows up, having seen how far Johnny is willing to go for the children, and suggests he marry her instead. Adelaide proves to be a sport; they toss a coin for Johnny. Prudence wins, and Professor Ford leaves town alone.'] ["Gary  is a hustler walking through the streets of New York City, looking for business. On the way, he saves a young deaf transvestite from a group of gay bashers, but regrets it afterwards because the transvestite becomes infatuated with Gary and follows him everywhere. Gary introduces the transvestite to his friends: Valentino, a former porn star, and Mary Carmen, the Latina who works as a doughnut shop waitress and is in love with Valentino, with whom she has been living for some time. Together they form a bohemian family, which includes Veronica, a still-active porn star, and Nat, a tattoo artist. Gary is also in love with Valentino, who is dying of AIDS. Through the stages of the disease, Mary Carmen and Gary argue over what kind of care he should be receiving, and who is going to supply that care. As Valentino draws near death, Mary Carmen finds out she is carrying Valentino's baby. The three take stock of themselves and their relationships with one another."] ["Maura is a single mom, furniture repossessed, being evicted. Maura is getting married to Wilson, an African, facing deportation for 9000 euro so that Wilson can legally stay in Ireland. Her nine-year old, Molly, thinks she's going to get a dad. Freddie, a bit of a compulsive, is remarrying Sophie, after divorce and recommitment; she's starved herself into her old wedding dress. Both bridal parties arrive at the same inn for receptions: Freddie and Maura's paths keep crossing, Sophie thinks the two are having an affair, immigration officers are stalking Wilson, and Molly's figuring out what's really up.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1324053/ Sophie runs off because she thinks her Freddie is having an affair with the other bride . It doesn't help that Maura's daughter Molly keeps on asking questions about her mother and Wilson. Sophie's dad tries to kill Freddie because his daughter has disappeared. In the end Freddie tries to kill himself , he agrees with Sophie that their marriages is over, and he and Maura kiss. Maura manages to convince the immigration detectives that her marriage to Wilson is real. Wilson gives Maura her 9000 euro and then leaves with his African girlfriend. They all live happily ever after except Sophie's dad, who is taken away in a restraining jacket for trying to kill Freddie with an axe."] ["Rusty Wells  and his band are just about ready to leave Chicago for their annual spring break trip to Fort Lauderdale. That is, until Big Frank  extends their stay at his club. Big Frank's daughter, Valerie  decides to go to Lauderdale with her friends for spring break, so he gets Rusty and his band to look after her and to make sure she stays out of trouble. While he attempts that, Rusty has to contend with a good-time girl Deena , who has no patience for guys who stand her up or keep her waiting."] ['The film starts in 1963, with liberal-minded Lydia, and her 14-year-old son Sam. Lydia\'s father is running for governor of North Carolina, and he does not want Lydia and Sam in his way, so the two are banished from North Carolina. Arriving in Wyoming, Lydia only wants to have a good time and Sam is never allowed to call her "Mom" . Sam soon finds out that he is one of only two students in Grovant High School who can read. The other one is Maurey, a girl at the same age as Sam who wants to learn about sex. Consequent to their mutual discoveries, Maurey becomes pregnant. Maurey decides to have an abortion in a distant hospital, and by accident, runs into her mother and the baseball coach who is also there with the same intent. Maurey moves to Lydia\'s and Sam\'s house, since her father banishes her from his house. Meanwhile, Hank Elkrunner, a Blackfoot, falls for the feckless Lydia, while her dictatorial dad keeps tabs on them all from afar. In the end, Maurey decides not to have an abortion and keeps the baby, a little girl named Shannon. After being threatened to be financially cut off unless she breaks up with Hank, and lets Sam go to Military School, Lydia decides to stay with Hank, and takes a job at the local diner. In addition, Hank sells his trailer and moves in with Sam and Lydia, along with Maurey and Shannon who decide to permanently move in. The film ends with Sam finishing the flashback for the story, with Shannon nearby. Throughout the movie, Sam has many dream fantasies which star Drew Barrymore as the subject of his fantasies.'] ['An American beautician named Joy Miller  teaches students to groom hair, but is put out of business when one of her students accidentally ignites hair spray with his cigarette, eventually leading to the school burning down. Joy ends up being highlighted in a newspaper article after she helps her students and the caged animals escape the building successfully. The article is seen by Ira Grushinsky , a diplomatic representative of a small Eastern European country called Slovetzia , a country she never heard of. Ira has been sent to the United States to find a tutor for the three children of Slovetzia\'s President, and, mistakenly thinking that Joy is an academic teacher, offers the job to her. Joy accepts, and it is only after they arrive in Slovetzia that Ira realizes his error. By then it is too late, and Joy agrees to keep up the ruse of being a "real" teacher for the time being. The initial meeting of Joy with the President, a dictator named Boris Pochenko , gets off on the wrong foot, but Joy gets along well with his three children Katrina , Karl , and Masha . Joy teaches them of life outside Slovetzia and helps them gain confidence in themselves. Joy frequently clashes with Pochenko, who is disturbed by her fierce independence and the fact that he cannot frighten her. Joy\'s presence in Slovetzia is due to Pochenko\'s desire to change his reputation among other Western nations as a "beast". His second-in-command, Leonid Kleist  is against Pochenko\'s "softening" strategy, and wants to crush the growing rebellion among Slovetzia\'s youth. Joy eventually learns that Katrina is in love with Alek , one of the leaders of the youth rebellion. Alek is captured by Pochenko, but Joy secretly helps Katrina sneak to his cell to see him. A summit of visiting emissaries are arriving in Slovetzia to meet with Pochenko, and Joy convinces him that the best way to prove that he is a modern-thinking man would be to throw a party. Joy is put in charge of preparations, and during this time she and Pochenko grow closer. On the evening of the dinner, Joy confesses that she is not an academic teacher, but by this time Pochenko does not care about her credentials, only that she has brought happiness to him and his family. Later, Leonid confronts Joy with the fact that she has been helping Katrina meet Alek. When this information is brought to Pochenko, he argues with Joy on her meddling, and Joy decides to leave Slovetzia for good. Some months pass. Leonid has quietly taken over administrative duties and signing sentences in Pochenko\'s name. Pochenko, made aware of this fact by Ira, confronts Leonid and strips him of his duties. Pochenko realizes that he has spent many months depressed and discontent after Joy\'s leaving, and decides that it is time to change his ways. The film\'s final scene shows Joy back at home with her parents. She has also been depressed after leaving Slovetzia, but then receives a surprise visit by Pochenko. The pair reconcile.'] ['"Zerophilia" is a fictional condition that affects an unknown number of people with an extra "Z" chromosome. Following their first full sexual experience, zerophiliacs begin to change gender after experiencing an orgasm. Luke , a young man somewhat insecure about his masculinity, begins to exhibit zerophilia following an encounter with a woman . He meets Michelle  and experiences partial transformations when they go out together. He confides with his best friend Keenan  about his partial transformations, who in turn contacts Dr. Sydney Catchadourian . Dr. Catchadourian persuades Luke to go through a full transformation. Luke does this by masturbating, becoming female and subsequently calling herself "Luca". Luca has difficulty achieving an orgasm to change back, even with coaching from Keenan\'s girlfriend Janine . However, a visit by Michelle\'s attractive brother, Max , who flirts with "Luke\'s cousin", enables her to get sufficiently aroused to complete the transformation back to Luke. Luke is threatened by his gender transformation, his arousal by an attractive male, and the questions of sexual identity it raises; he seeks help from Sydney. She tells him that a zerophiliac can become "a-morphic" and stop changing gender only by having sex with another zerophiliac... such as herself. He reluctantly agrees to do it, but discovers afterward that she wasn\'t telling him the full truth: an a-morphic zerophiliac can still change by having sex with another zerophiliac, and Dr. Catchadourian was using Luke to change herself one last time , leaving Luca as a woman in the process. Comic tensions arise from Luke\'s efforts to keep Michelle at a distance, Max\'s defensiveness about his sister, Luca\'s half-hearted resistance to Max\'s affections, and Luke\'s confused aggression toward Max. When Michelle discovers that Luke had sex with Dr. Catchadourian, she feels betrayed. Hoping to find Michelle, Luca seeks out Max to profess deep affection for Michelle and remorse for betraying her. Max is touched by the apology, and reveals that he is actually Michelle, also a zerophiliac. They make love repeatedly, both of them changing gender each time, destined to live happily, alternately as Luca and Max, and Luke and Michelle.'] ['The day prior to the events of Clerks; April 9, 1993, college student T.S. Quint is preparing for a trip to Universal Studios in Florida with Brandi Svenning, during which he plans to propose to her; however, Brandi tells him she cannot go because she has volunteered to fill in as a contestant on Truth or Date, her father\'s dating game show. They argue over this and eventually break up. T.S. turns to his best friend Brodie Bruce, who has also broken up with his girlfriend, Rene Mosier after having an argument, and Brodie suggests the two might find solace at the local mall. Brodie and T.S. discover Truth or Date is being filmed at the same mall, and ask local drug dealers Jay and Silent Bob to destroy the show\'s stage , a task for which they devise elaborate but ultimately unsuccessful plans. These actions result in the two being pursued by mall security guard LaFours, but they are able to escape him. Brodie finds out Rene began a relationship with his nemesis Shannon Hamilton, a clothing store manager who hates Brodie because of his "lack of a shopping agenda." Brodie confronts Rene to find out more about her relationship with Shannon and the two have sex in an elevator. Rene seems to have some respect for Brodie once more, but the latter is later confronted and assaulted by Shannon, who admits on intending to seduce Rene and then have sex with her in a "very uncomfortable place"; a running joke is that this is interpreted as the "back of a Volkswagen". As a result of this incident, Jay and Silent Bob assault the mall\'s Easter Bunny, under the wrongful assumption that he attacked Brodie. Brandi\'s father, Jared, who is aware of Brodie and T.S\'s presence at the mall, has the two arrested by LaFours, who tries to plant drugs on them. Jay and Silent Bob are able to rescue Brodie and T.S. and are once again able to evade LaFours. Meanwhile, Brodie and T.S. seek refuge at a local flea market, where they meet local fortune teller Ivannah. T.S. decides to win back Brandi and the two return to the mall. Before the show begins, Brodie receives advice on romance from Stan Lee, who was visiting the mall. After this, Brodie requests that his friend Tricia Jones retrieve footage of her sexual intercourse with Shannon. Tricia herself was doing a project in which she had sex with a number of male adults, despite being only fifteen years old, for a book about the sex drive of men. Meanwhile, T.S. also persuades Jay to get two of the game show contestants high, which allow him and Brodie to replace them on Truth or Date. The initial plan was all three contestants but the third one, Gil Hicks, showed up late, and Brodie and T.S. must go on with him. During the show, Brandi recognizes the voices of Brodie and T.S., and an argument ensues between the three while being aired as well as being in front of the crowd. Brodie tells Brandi that T.S. had spent all day trying to win her back. T.S. then proposes to Brandi, which she accepts. As the police arrive to arrest T.S. and Brodie after the show is over, Silent Bob  plays a sex tape of Shannon and Tricia, which results in the former being arrested. Brodie and Rene renew their relationship as a result. The conclusion reveals that T.S. marries Brandi, while the show\'s producers are so impressed with Brodie\'s stage banter that they offer him his own talk show, with Rene as his bandleader.'] ['William "Will" Thacker  owns an independent bookshop in Notting Hill that specialises in travel writing. He has been coping with divorce after his wife left him for a man who looked exactly like Harrison Ford. He shares his house with an uninhibited Welsh eccentric named Spike . Thacker encounters Hollywood star actress Anna Scott  when she enters his shop to buy a book. Minutes later, the pair collide in the street, causing Will to spill his orange juice on both of them. He offers his house across the road for Anna to change. She accepts and, having changed, surprises Will with a kiss which starts their mutual attraction. Days later, Will asks Spike if he has any messages. Spike has trouble writing or remembering messages but does recall "some American girl called Anna" who mentioned a "completely different name". Anna is at the Ritz, under the name "Flintstone", and has asked Will to visit. Will is allowed in, but her press interviews are still running and he is mistaken for a journalist.  He has to interview some of the cast of Anna\'s new film Helix, even though he has not seen it. Will is called back to see Anna and she tells him that she has cancelled her evening appointment to go out with him. Will is delighted but then remembers that his sister Honey  is about to have a birthday party, and Anna say that she will be his date. There, at Max\'s  and Bella\'s  house, Anna feels at home with Will\'s friends, but does not win the brownie for being the biggest under-achiever. Afterwards they climb into a private London square. The next day they visit a cinema and eat at a restaurant. Anna invites Will to her room at the Ritz, but her American boyfriend, a famous film star named Jeff King , has arrived unexpectedly. Anna is very embarrassed and disappointed but Will pretends to be a room-service waiter. When King steps out of the room, Anna apologizes; she thought King had broken up with her. Will realizes he must leave. He then tries to forget her but finds it very difficult. Six months later, Anna turns up at Will\'s house, unannounced. Pictures taken of her as a cheesecake model have been sold to the press and she needs a place to hide out. After spending the day together, Anna goes downstairs to where Will is sleeping and they embrace. They go up to the bedroom where they make passionate love and in the morning Anna asks if she can stay longer. "Stay for ever" says Will. The doorbell rings and Will is stunned to see reporters at the doorstep, alerted by careless talk by Spike at the pub. Angry at what she views as Will\'s betrayal, Anna leaves and he again attempts to forget her.  Six months after that, Anna returns to London to make a Henry James film, which Will had suggested. Will approaches the set of the film and sees Anna, who invites him to watch the day\'s filming and to talk afterwards. A sound engineer offers Will a pair of headphones to listen in on the dialogue, but he overhears Anna tell her co-star that Will is "no one, just some guy from the past". Crushed, Will leaves the set without having talked to Anna. The next day, Anna comes to the bookshop and asks why he had left. Will tells her that he had overheard her remarks. She explains that she didn\'t want her co-star to know because he is a notorious gossip. Will listens to her but then says that he could not survive a third rejection of his love and turns her down. Having brought him a present, she leaves it behind, still wrapped; it turns out to be an original Marc Chagall painting, La Mariée, that she had seen a print of in Will\'s home. Will meets his friends, who are supportive of his decision about Anna, until Spike arrives and promptly calls him a "daft prick". Will realizes he has made the biggest mistake of his life by letting her go. The group searches for Anna, racing around London in Max\'s car. They finally reach Anna\'s press conference and Will persuades her to stay in England with him. Anna and Will later marry, the film concluding with a shot of Will and a pregnant Anna on a park bench in a park.'] ['A gangster  with his accomplice , prepares to take part in the "first psychological hold-up in the history of crime". Next door to the jewellers of Van Cleef & Arpels, on the Croisette, in Cannes, the find the shop of a beautiful antiques dealer  who befriends the group. The driver and the antiques dealer fall in love. He is friendly but unrefined, she is cultivated and independent, but discovers that talking with Simon shows up her vanity, and she desires a simple and clean love. The hold-up which had been planned for a long time by the driver is shown to be more sophisticated than his methods of seduction.'] ['The film begins with a voiceover from David  commenting that whenever he gets gloomy with the state of the world he thinks about the arrivals terminal at Heathrow Airport, and the pure uncomplicated love felt as friends and families welcome their arriving loved ones. David\'s voiceover also relates that all the messages left by the people who died on the 9/11 planes were messages of love and not hate. The film then tells the \'love stories\' of many people:  With the help of his longtime manager Joe , aging rock and roll legend Billy Mack  records a Christmas variation of The Troggs\' classic hit "Love Is All Around". Although he thinks the record is terrible, Mack promotes the release in the hope it will become the Christmas number one single. The song does go to number one; after briefly celebrating his victory at a party hosted by Sir Elton John, Billy recognises that Joe is the "love" of his life  and suggests that he and Joe celebrate Christmas by getting drunk and watching porn.  Juliet  and Peter  are wed in a lovely ceremony orchestrated and videotaped by Mark , Peter\'s best friend and best man. One day Juliet arrives unexpectedly at Mark\'s apartment and watches his video, discovering that the footage is entirely of her. This confuses Juliet, who thought Mark didn\'t like her: He never talked to her, avoided her, and was generally distant and uncomfortable around her. He blurts out that he acts that way for \'self-preservation\', and she finally realises that he\'s always been head over heels for her, but has kept it to himself out of respect for her and Peter\'s relationship. At Christmas Mark takes a moment to truly confess his unrequited love for Juliet , which Juliet acknowledges by giving him a kiss.  Writer Jamie  first appears preparing to attend Juliet and Peter\'s wedding. His girlfriend  misses the ceremony to sleep with his brother. Crushed by this, Jamie retires to his French cottage where he meets Portuguese housekeeper Aurélia , who speaks only her native tongue. There is an instant attraction between the two. When Jamie returns to England he realises he is in love with Aurélia. In the following times, Jamie learns Portuguese and goes back to propose to her. When he does propose to her she says yes, and it is revealed that she has been learning English to communicate with Jamie.  Harry  is the managing director of a design agency; Mia  is his new secretary. For Christmas he buys her an expensive necklace from jewelery salesman Rufus , who elaborately wraps while Harry becomes increasingly nervous with the fear of detection. Meanwhile, Harry\'s wife Karen  is busy dealing with their children, Daisy  and Bernard , who are appearing in the school Nativity play. She voices her fears about Harry to her brother David , who just became Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, and her friend Daniel , who has just lost his wife. Karen discovers the necklace in Harry\'s coat pocket and initially assumes it is a gift for her; she later confronts Harry over the necklace and he admits his foolishness.  Karen\'s brother, David , is the recently elected Prime Minister. Natalie  is a new junior member of the household staff at 10 Downing Street and serves his tea and biscuits. Something seems to click between them. David walks in to find the U.S. President  attempting to seduce Natalie, which inspires him to take a stand against the bullying President\'s policies. Finding that his relationship with Natalie has become strained, David has her moved to another job, but later comes across a Christmas card from Natalie ending with a declaration of her love for him. He eventually finds Natalie at her family\'s home, seeing that they are on the way to the local school for the nativity play . He drives her family to the play, and the two watch the show from backstage, their budding relationship exposed when a curtain is raised on them kissing at the end of the pageant\'s big finale.  Daniel , Karen\'s friend, and his stepson Sam  fend for themselves as they mourn the loss of their wife and mother, Joanna. Sam has fallen for American classmate, also named Joanna , and, after discussion with his stepfather, decides to learn the drums so that he can accompany her in the big finale for their school\'s Christmas pageant . After Sam feels that he missed his chance to make an impression on her, Daniel convinces Sam that he must go catch Joanna, who is returning to the US, at the airport that night and show her how he feels, lest he regret it for his whole life. Sam runs away from the airport security and says hi to Joanna, who then kisses him on the cheek. Meanwhile, Daniel, who admires supermodel Claudia Schiffer meets Carol  the parent of another of Sam\'s school mates.  Sarah  first appears at Juliet and Peter\'s wedding, sitting next to her friend Jamie. We learn she works at Harry\'s graphic design company, where she has been in love for years with the company\'s creative director, Karl . A tryst between Karl and her is interrupted by a phone call from Sarah\'s mentally ill brother, Michael ([[Michael Fitzgerald , and this effectively ends their relationship. On Christmas Eve, she visits her brother at the institution where he lives, wrapping a scarf around him as he hugs her.  After several blunders attempting to woo various English women, including Nancy , the caterer at Juliet and Peter\'s wedding, as well as Mia, Colin Frissell  informs his friend Tony  he plans to go to the US and find love there, convinced that his Britishness will be an asset to him in a foreign country. Landing in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, Colin meets Stacey , Jeannie , and Carol-Anne , three stunningly attractive women who fall for his Basildon accent and invite him to stay at their home, where they are joined by roommate Harriet .  John  and Judy , meet as body doubles for the sex scenes in a film where Tony is a production assistant. John tells Judy that "it is nice to have someone [he] can just chat to." While the two are perfectly comfortable being naked and simulating sex on-set, they are shy and tentative off-set; they carefully pursue a relationship, and see the play  at the local school together with John\'s brother.  Rufus is a minor, but significant, character played by Rowan Atkinson, the jewellery salesman whose obsessive attention to gift-wrapping nearly gets Harry caught by Karen buying Mia\'s necklace. Also, it is his distraction of staff at the airport which allows Sam to sneak through to see Joanna. In the director and cast commentary, it is revealed that Rufus was originally supposed to be a Christmas Angel, however it was dropped from the final script.  In the epilogue set one month later, the film\'s characters are seen to be in relationships. However, two of the relationships are not romantic - those of rock star Billy Mack and his manager Joe and of long-suffering Sarah and her institutionalised brother Michael. Billy arrives with a gorgeous groupie in tow to be greeted by Joe and indicating that his comeback has remained successful. Juliet, Peter, and Mark come to meet Jamie and his new bride Aurelia, showing both that they have married and that Mark is learning to cope better with the romantic triangle. Karen and the kids greet a returning Harry confirming that they have survived their relationship crisis and reconciled. Sam greets Joanna who has returned with her mother from the US as Daniel looks on, joined by his new girlfriend Carol and her son. John and Judy run into Tony, who is there to meet Colin on his return from the US; they are shown to be just married and off to their honeymoon. Colin returns with the gorgeous Harriet in tow, and Harriet\'s younger sister Carla  and Tony are immediately struck by each other. Natalie is seen welcoming David back in front of press cameras, indicating that their relationship is now public. These scenes dissolve into live-footage of actual arrivals at Heathrow Airport, which divide the screen and eventually form a heart as The Beach Boys\' "God Only Knows" plays on.'] ['Amir is a professional heartbreaker . At Amir\'s 30th birthday party, his childhood friend Charlie announces that he is getting married, but he and his fiance decide they don\'t want Amir to be the best man because of his bad "relationship karma". This depresses him, as do the relationship advice books he receives as gifts. Amir goes to visit his family for Thanksgiving and meets Zara, his attractive British cousin, who he hasn\'t seen in twenty years. Amir\'s mother persuades him to take Zara back to his home in Southern California, since she is in the United States traveling. Zara decides to help Amir\'s relationship karma by claiming she is his girlfriend. While she is visiting, Zara also helps Amir be more compassionate when terminating people\'s relationships. After a Christmas party where they drink too much and are forced to kiss under the mistletoe, they go back to Amir\'s apartment and have drunken sex, which they regret, but Amir thinks that he has fallen in love with Zara. Zara doesn\'t feel the same. When they go back to Amir\'s family home for Christmas, it is revealed that Zara ran away from her British boyfriend after he proposed at the Grand Canyon, and her boyfriend is staying with Amir\'s family while he looks for her. After Christmas, Amir returns to Los Angeles alone. At Charlie\'s wedding on New Year\'s Eve, Amir & Zara  reveal to Amir\'s friends that they are cousins. At the reception after the wedding, Amir and Bridget, the single woman in their group of friends, realize they could be more than friends and decide to start dating.'] ["After experiencing a failure in the ending of the last film, Alfie - now working as a 1970s' cross London-France HGV driver alongside Bakey  - decides to get back to his old self. And his new occupation provides new opportunities to do so. The film starts as Bakey drives the truck through customs in France, while Alfie has sex with an English hitchhiker  in the back until the customs' officer catches her topless. When arriving at their destination, he spots a woman  in a sports car. They start racing until the police breaks it up. Alfie soon finds comfort by flirting with the married waitress Louise , who takes him to her apartment. During the night, her husband returns from his fishing trip, but Bakey, outside in the truck, sounds the horn as a warning. Alfie later catches up with the woman from the race and learns her name is Abby and that she is a sophisticated magazine editor. When she turns him down, he decides he proceeds to stalk her until, after another car chase, she finally agrees to a date. When Alfie gets his wish, he can't perform and leaves her apartment in anger. This failure causes him to use his little black book to contact various women with whom he has a casual relationship. However, some of these encounters lead him into trouble. He faces the consequences of an encounter with Norma ([[Sheila White  and the wrath of the husband of older Fay , when said husband discovers Alfie's wallet under their bed. With Fay's encouragement, Alfie apologizes to Abby about leaving her apartment in a huff and asks her for a proper dinner. He tells her what he never says to his lovers - that he loves her and wants her to marry him. She agrees. She then has to take a quick work related flight. When Abby leaves for the airport, Alfie is bed-ridden due to back pains. When his older neighbor, Claire , hears from another neighbor that Alfie can't move, she lets herself into his apartment and serves him tea. When Alfie comments on Claire's perfume, she reveals her true feelings for him by suddenly entering his bed and taking her top off. She ignores his protests but then her attempts to mount him fix his back, and he escapes before she succeeds in making actual intimate contact. Alfie catches Abby before her flight takes off, and they decide to marry the following day. In the morning Alfie waits for her in the airport, not having heard that her plane has crashed without any survivors. Upon learning the news Alfie drives to the crash site and cries over the wreckage."] ["Renowned surgeon Sir Lancelot Sprat  arranges a cruise for his patient, the famous television star Basil Beauchamp . The captain of the ship is Lancelot Spratt's brother . Doctor Burke  becomes a stowaway by mistake when chasing his girlfriend  onto the ship to propose to her. She is one of a group of models doing a fashion shoot with camp photographer . Other passengers aboard ship include pools winner Llewellyn Wendover  and Mrs. Dailey , a socially ambitious lady hoping to find a wealthy match for her daughter Dawn.  Burke is pursued by the Master-at-Arms  who, correctly suspects that he does not have a ticket. Burke tries various ruses to try to escape him, including dressing up as a doctor. Eventually he is caught and exposed as a stowaway. Captain Spratt orders him to serve as an orderly, scrubbing the ship. When the ships doctor falls ill, from a tropical disease, Burke takes over his duties. He is called into action when a Soviet cargo ship sends a request for help, as there is a patient with a severe case of appendicitis. Burke is transferred to that ship to perform the operation. By the time he has finished his own ship has departed, and he is forced to stay on board the Soviet vessel until it reaches Grimsby. By the time he goes to meet the cruise ship, as it returns home, he finds his girlfriend has got married to the ship's doctor, now recovered from his illness. Meanwhile Dawn Dailey, having failed to snare Captain Spratt, decides to marry Wendover - only to find, once they have tied the knot, that he is not quite so wealthy as she had imagined."] ['Charlie Mayeaux  is an undercover DEA agent suffering from anxiety and gastrointestinal problems after a bust gone wrong. During the aforementioned incident, his partner was killed and he found himself served up on a platter of watermelon with a gun shoved in his face just before back-up arrived. Charlie, once known for his ease and almost "magical" talent on the job, is finding it very hard to return to work. His requests to be taken off the case or retired are denied by his bosses, Lonny Ward  and Dexter Helvenshaw  as so much time was put into his cover. Charlie works with the dream of one day retiring to Ocean Views, a luxury housing complex with servants and utilities. : During his flight to New York, where his job will resume, another passenger strikes up a conversation with him. It turns out that this man, Dr. Jeff Bleckner , is a psychiatrist and upon arriving to New York, Charlie enlists his services. Dr. Bleckner listens to his troubles and prescribes him anti-anxiety medication to help him deal with stress. He also encourages him to join a group therapy session. At therapy, Charlie meets and befriends a group of stressed out men from the business world. : To deal with his gastrointestinal issues, Charlie goes to the doctor where he meets the free-spirited and beautiful Judy Tipp , the self-proclaimed "Enema Queen" who introduces him to alternative therapies to his problems as well as some romantic interest. : Back on the job, Charlie is knee-deep in negotiations for high-stakes money laundering and stock manipulation. He was brought into the group by the passionate Fidel Vaillar  and his close bodyguard, Estuvio Clavo . Vaillar is a son of an important Colombian drug cartel and fears being viewed as a stereotype. They are dealing with an intense man with an unpredictable temper named Fulvio Nesstra  who represents the Italian mob in New York. Fulvio is disfavored son-in-law of high ranking Italian mobster, Carmine Minetti . Jason Cane , a young Wall street-type with a plan, but poor taste, completes the group. Each thinks he understands the other players, but there is more to these characters than meets the eye.'] ['New in New York City, Barbara Novak arrives at Banner House to present her new work, Down with Love, a book the intent of which is to free women from love, teach them to enjoy sex without commitment, and to replace the need for a man with things such as chocolate. Following her rules would, she believes, help to give women a boost in the workplace and in the world in general. The men who run Banner House refuse to support the book. The only way Vicky Hiller, Barbara\'s editor, can find to promote the book is for Barbara to meet Catcher Block – a successful writer for the magazine Know and a notorious "ladies\' man, man\'s man, man about town" – but he avoids her repeatedly by postponing their dates until she gets fed up, insults him, and walks out. Catcher\'s boss and best friend, Peter McMannus, and Vicky take a liking to one another. However, their relationship revolves around Barbara and Catcher, and neither is brave enough to express their feelings for the other. Peter feels overshadowed by Catcher\'s strong personality, and Vicky wants to see strength in her lover. She even assumes Peter must be gay. Barbara starts promoting her book with Vicky\'s help, and things take off when they get Judy Garland to sing the song "Down with Love" as a promotion to the book on The Ed Sullivan Show. Sales skyrocket, as housewives and women around the world buy the book and rebel against their men; Catcher now wants to meet Barbara, but now it is she who rejects him. It all comes to a boiling point when Barbara appears on a national TV show talking about a chapter from the book – "The Worst Kind of Man" – and cites Catcher Block as the perfect example. His date rejects him, which infuriates him. Catch swears he will prove Barbara is the same as every other woman, wanting the same things men do. He arranges for a casual meeting at a dry cleaner shop, taking advantage of the fact that Barbara has never met or seen him, and he poses as an astronaut, Major Zip Martin, attentive and polite. Barbara appears to be immediately infatuated with this man who seemingly has no idea who she is, in contrast to men who now avoid her, viewing her as the enemy since the publication of her book. "Zip" takes her to the most fashionable locations in New York while maintaining considerable sexual tension between them by feigning naivete and a desire to remain chaste until he is "ready" for a physical relationship. But he starts falling for her, and it gets harder to go through with his plan. When Barbara finds Catcher/Zip at a party he is almost caught out, and decides it is time to take everything to the next level: he tells Barbara that Catcher Block wants to interview him for an exposé on the NASA space program and asks her to accompany him. It is his own apartment, and he sets everything up to record her saying she loves him. But then it is she who reveals the truth: she knew he was really Catcher from the beginning, but she also lied as she is not Barbara Novak but Nancy Brown, once one of Catcher\'s many secretaries, who fell in love with him whilst working at Know, but who turned him down when he asked her out because she did not want to be just another one in his long list of romances. She tells him she did this to be different from all the women he knew, and make him love her. They both realize that Catcher does love her, but as he is proposing, one of his many lovers appears and thanks Barbara for what she\'s done for womankind. Barbara realizes that she does not want love or him as she has become a real "down with love" girl. Vicky and Peter\'s relationship also changes when she insults him for helping Catcher. Peter realizes he is indeed like any other man and takes Vicky to Catcher\'s apartment to take things to the next level. Days later, Catcher is completely depressed; all his efforts to win Barbara back have failed. Even his exposé is ruined now that Barbara has told her story in her own magazine, Now. Peter is also depressed as his relationship with Vicky is now apparently based only on sex. Catcher realizes he can do something and writes a new exposé "How Falling In Love With Barbara Novak Made Me A New Man". He learns there is an opening at Now and goes for an interview with her. There, he tells her how much she changed him, and it is obvious she wants him but turns him down anyway; he says he wished there could be a middle ground for them "somewhere between a blonde and a brunette", referring to her real persona, where she was a brunette. As he is leaving her office, he realizes she is not coming after him, but she surprises him on the elevator, showing him a bright red hair style: she has found the middle ground and she wants to be with him. They fly to Vegas to get married, influencing Vicky and Peter, who also decide to get married. The end credits show their marriage has resulted in a new book intended to end the battle of the sexes. The pair end by singing "Here\'s To Love".'] ['Tom, a gardener at Kingston Bagpuize House falls in love with Anya, a Polish au pair. Agonisingly slow at making a move to win the heart of Anya, the whole village came together to help speed things up.'] ['Elvis Presley is Lonnie Beale, an out-of-work rodeo star trying to make ends meet until the season starts up again. He comes to the town of Zuni Wells  because a friend says he can get a job on a ranch, but his friend is nowhere to be found. Having no other option, Lonnie begins singing in a local club, but he gets fired after a fight with one of the customers. Thankfully, Vera Radford  sees his performance and offers him a job at a ranch she runs called the Circle-Z to take care of the horses. The Circle-Z is not what Lonnie expected, though: It is a guest ranch where actresses and models go to lose weight and to get in shape, a fitness salon, referred to as "Yogurt Gulch". After upsetting the staff a few times by disrupting activities with his singing, Lonnie follows Pam Meritt  to the nearby ghost town of Silverado where he learns that one of her relatives has hidden a treasure. While there, they have a comical vision of what the town must have been like when it was still populated. Back at the ranch, people keep trying to abduct Pam to find out what she knows about the location of the treasure. In specific, they want to get their hands on a letter in Pam\'s possession. Lonnie finds himself defending her more than once. Lonnie and Pam soon begin a relationship, but matters are complicated when Vera throws herself at him and Pam walks in on them. There is a brief interlude where Western films are spoofed and parodied in a comedy sequence where Lonnie Beal is the Panhandle Kid, a milk drinking cowboy, with Pam Meritt and Stanley Potter  in costume as characters in the saloon. When rodeo season starts, Lonnie goes on the circuit, but because things were left unresolved with Pam, he is unable to do his job well. Every time he tries to call her, she hangs up on him, and when he writes to her, she sends it back, marked "Return to Sender" . Eventually, one of the ranch hands, Stanley Potter, finds Lonnie on the circuit and talks him into confronting Pam. When the two reach the Circle-Z, Pam is on her way to Silverado, so they follow her. A fierce storm begins when they arrive, so the trio decide to spend the night in a deserted hotel. But the hotel is not as deserted as they think. It seems to be haunted, as strange things keep happening to Pam and Stanley whenever Lonnie is not around. Eventually we learn that the ghosts and goblins in the hotel are actually masked men trying to get to Pam\'s treasure. Finally, the men after the treasure are defeated and unmasked, and the hiding place of the treasure is discovered in the hotel. Lonnie and Pam decide to get married, and they have a big reception at the Circle-Z. Stanley gets tangled up in the decorations behind their car. The film ends with Lonnie singing to Pam as they drive off toward their honeymoon, dragging Stanley in a metal tub behind them.'] ['Maggie Carpenter  is a spirited and attractive young woman who has had a number of unsuccessful relationships. Maggie, nervous of being married, has left a trail of fiances. It seems, she\'s left three men waiting for her at the altar on their wedding day , receiving tabloid fame and the dubious nickname "The Runaway Bride". Meanwhile, in New York, reporter Homer Eisenhower Graham or "Ike" , writes a column about her that contains several factual errors, supplied to him by one of Maggie\'s jilted exes for revenge. He\'s fired for not verifying his source and then decides to write an in-depth article about Maggie in a bid to get his job back. He travels to Hale, Maryland, where he finds her living with her family and on her fourth attempt to become married. The fourth groom-to-be, Bob Kelly , a football coach at the local high school who treats Maggie like one of the players on his sports team. He constantly makes references to Maggie "focusing" on the goal-line. While doing research for his story, Ike\'s realizations are forcing Maggie to face her fears, and eventually the two find themselves becoming more and more attracted to each other. In the meantime, Maggie is still set to marry Bob. In the midst of the wedding rehearsal, Bob helps walk Maggie down the aisle, and asks Ike to stand in his place as the groom. This proves to be a mistake, when Ike and Maggie "practice" the kiss right in front of Bob, finally admitting their feelings for one another. As a result, Bob punches Ike in the face before storming out of the church. Soon after, Ike and Maggie agree to marry since the wedding is already set to take place. But on the day of the wedding, Maggie gets cold feet, and leaves Ike, too, standing at the altar. As she rides away on a FedEx truck, Ike runs after her, but can\'t catch up. Later, we see Ike living in New York and Maggie trying to discover herself, trying different types of eggs, and putting her lighting designs up for sale in New York. She shows up unexpectedly at Ike\'s apartment one night where he finds her making friends with his cat, Italics. Maggie then explains that she\'s been running because every other guy she was engaged to was only engaged to the idea she had created for them rather than the real her- and when she was marrying Ike she was simply freaked out at the crowd-, and "turns in" her running shoes just before proposing to Ike. The two are married in a private ceremony outside, on a hill, avoiding the big ceremonies that drove Maggie away in the past. In the end, they are shown riding away on horseback while everyone celebrates the fact that Maggie finally got married.'] ['When Fella\'s  father dies, he continues to live with his wicked stepmother, Emily  and her two sons, Maximilian  and Rupert ([[Robert Hutton . His stepfamily takes over the family mansion, while Fella is reduced to living in an unfinished room at the end of a long hallway. He has in essence become their butler, catering to their every whim. Fella dreams nightly that his father is trying to relay a message to him about where he has hidden his fortune, but he always awakens before he learns the hiding place. His stepfamily knows of this secret fortune and they go to great lengths to try to discover its whereabouts. They pretend to befriend him in order to wrangle his fortune away once it is found. Princess Charming of the Grand Duchy of Morovia  is in town and the stepmother decides to throw her a lavish ball in order to get her to marry one of her sons. Fella is not allowed to go to the ball, but his fairy godfather  tells him that he will not remain a "people" much longer, but will blossom into a "person". On the evening of the ball, Fella is turned into a handsome prince and sent to the ball in a limousine. Count Basie is playing at the ball when Fella makes his grand entrance. The young man quickly gains the attention of the Princess. The night is cut short when midnight strikes and Fella flees, losing his shoe along the way. Back home, one of Fella\'s stepbrothers realizes that Fella is the supposed "prince". They wind up in a struggle under a tree, in the process discovering that that is where Fella\'s father\'s fortune is hidden. Fella gives the money to his stepfamily, telling them that he never needed money to be happy, he only wanted a family. Shamed, his stepmother orders her sons to return the money to Fella. The Princess arrives with Fella\'s lost shoe, but Fella explains that they could never be together because she is a "person" and he is a "people". She tells him that underneath the fancy clothes she is a "people" too.'] ['James "Jamie" Roberts , being a pop idol, is used to having his way with women. He meets child psychologist Diana Lawson  in a car accident, however, who not only doesn\'t swoon at his attentions, but has also never heard of him. He tries to win her affection, but it\'s complicated by the fact that his ex-lover, Nicky Nides , is still a member of his band.'] ["The emotions of an extended upper-class family in Manhattan are followed in song from NY to Paris and Venice. Various friends/lovers/acquaintances/relatives act, interact, and sing, in New York, Venice and Paris. Young lovers Holden and Skylar in Manhattan; Skylar's parents, Bob and Steffi; Joe, an ex-husband of Steffi; DJ, a daughter from the marriage of Joe and Steffi; Von, a lady whom Joe meets in Venice; a recently-released prison inmate, Charles Ferry, who is inserted between Skyler and Holden, resulting in their breakup."] ['Ben Stone  is laid-back and sardonic. He lives off funds received in compensation for an injury and sporadically works on a Mr. Skin-like website with his roommates, in between smoking marijuana or going off with them at theme parks such as Knott\'s Berry Farm. Alison Scott  is a career-minded woman who has just been given an on-air role with E!, and is living in the pool house with her sister Debbie\'s  family. While celebrating her promotion, Alison meets Ben at a local nightclub. After a night of drinking, they end up having sex. Due to a misunderstanding, they do not use protection: Alison uses the phrase "Just do it already" to encourage Ben to put the condom on, but he misinterprets this to mean to dispense without even using one. The following morning, they quickly learn over breakfast that they have little in common and go their separate ways, which leaves Ben visibly upset. Eight weeks later, Alison experiences morning sickness during an interview with James Franco, and discovers she is pregnant. She contacts Ben for the first time since their one-night stand to tell him. Although insensitive at first, Ben says he will be there to support Alison. While he is still unsure about being a parent, his father  is excited. Alison\'s mother  tries to persuade her daughter to have an abortion, but Alison decides to keep the child. Later, Alison and Ben decide to give their relationship a chance. The couple\'s efforts include Ben making an awkward marriage proposal with an empty ring box, promising to get her one someday. Alison thinks it is too early to think about marriage, because she is more concerned with hiding the pregnancy from her boss, who asked her to be "firm" and "tight" for the cameras. After a somewhat promising beginning, tensions surface in the relationship. Alison is increasingly worried about Ben\'s lack of responsibility and commitment, and has doubts about the longevity of their relationship. These thoughts are due to her sister\'s unhappy marriage. Debbie\'s husband, Pete , works as a talent scout for rock bands, but he leaves at odd hours in the night, which makes her suspect he is having an affair. Upon investigating, she learns that he is actually part of a fantasy baseball draft, which he explains he participates in to be free from Debbie\'s controlling manner. This results in their separation, and when Ben expresses amusement at Pete\'s deception, it leads to a heated argument with Alison as they drive to her doctor. Angered, she ejects him from her car and abandons him in the middle of nowhere, leading to their own breakup. Ben and Pete decide to go on a road trip to Las Vegas. Under the heavy influence of psychedelic mushrooms, they realize their loss and decide to take responsibility for their relationships. Simultaneously, Debbie drags a timid Alison out partying with her, but they are refused admission to a nightclub by its apologetic bouncer ([[Craig Robinson  on account of Debbie\'s age and Alison\'s pregnancy, leading to Debbie\'s tearful laments about her life and her desire to have Pete back. They reconcile at their daughter\'s birthday party, but when Ben tries to work things out with Alison, she is still reluctant to get back together with him. Alison\'s boss finds out about her pregnancy, and sees an opportunity to boost ratings with female viewers by having Alison interview pregnant celebrities. After a talk with his father, Ben decides to take responsibility and goes to great effort to change his ways, including moving out of his friends\' house, getting an office job as a web designer and an apartment with a baby\'s room. He also starts reading the pregnancy books that he had purchased early on. When Alison goes into labor and is not able to contact her doctor, she calls Ben, as Debbie and Pete are out of town on a trip. Ben discovers that the gynecologist they had been seeing  is out of town, despite having assured them that he never took vacations. Ben calls him and leaves an assertive voicemail, threatening murder. During labor, Alison apologizes for doubting Ben\'s commitment and admits that she never thought the man who got her pregnant would be the right one for her. When Debbie and Pete arrive at the hospital, Ben adamantly refuses to allow her to be at Alison\'s side, insisting that that is his place. Debbie is both furious and impressed that Ben took charge of the situation and begins to change her formerly negative opinion about him. The couple welcomes the birth of a baby girl  and settle down happily together in a new apartment in Los Angeles.'] ["Sreenu  is the son of Vishwanatham ([[Chandra Mohan . He is a high school drop out in Anakapalle and wants to marry his uncle’s  daughter Bujji . She rejects him stating that he doesn’t have college education. Sreenu, who is clever and street-smart decides to go to Hyderabad for further education. While travelling in the train, he bashes up a bunch of rowdies teasing college girls. At the college in Hyderabad, he meets Shruthi  and falls in love with her. The city gangster Bhavani  is in love with her and blackmails her to marry him. He beats anyone moving closely with Shruthi. Meanwhile, henchmen of Warangal Rajanna , a dreaded chieftain, are looking for Sreenu in the city. Sreenu meets Bhavani and forces him to a challenge, whereby, he will make Shruthi love him. Sreenu rescues Shruthi from being kidnapped by the gang of Yadayya, a rival of Bhavani. When Sreenu wins Shruthi's heartand both of them decide to elope, she is kidnapped. It is then revealed that Rajanna kidnapped Shruthi to get hold of Sreenu because Rajanna’s daughter Sandhya  is in love with Sreenu. She was the girl who was saved by Sreenu on the train. Sreenu lands at Rajanna’s place and finds himself in a fix. Bhavani, too, arrives at Rajanna’s place to take away Shruthi. A police intelligence officer , Rajanna's brother-in-law, comes to attend Sreenu and Sandhya's wedding. Sreenu and Bhavani start their one-upmanship games to win Shruthi. How Sreenu comes out of this quagmire to rescue Shruthi from the clutches of Rajanna and Bhavani and what happens to Sandhya are revealed in the climax interspersed with twists and turns."] ["Ava , a marriage counselor, is getting married to Charlie , after being inspired by the 30 year marriage of her parents, Bradley  and Betty . Six weeks after her wedding, as Ava and her younger sister Shelby  are preparing a guest list for their parents surprise 30th wedding anniversary, their parents appear at Ava's office arguing with one another. Betty reveals to Ava that Bradley had an affair 25 years ago, and declares that she wants a divorce. When Ava tries to counsel them, they refuse because she is their daughter and much less maritally experienced. Ava decides to try and save her parents' marriage. When her mother refuses to live with her father, she moves her father into her house, without consulting Charlie. Charlie is upset because Ava didn't ask him first. She apologizes to Charlie and promises that her father will only stay with them for a short period. Their friend, Gerber, suddenly shows up at their door with his new Polish wife, Kasia, whom he had met the night before in a bar. Gerber tells Ava about Charlie’s first marriage ten years ago, which she didn't know about. The revelation upsets Ava, and Charlie apologies for not telling her about it earlier. He explains that it took place under the influence of alcohol when he was 22 years old, and only lasted for a few weeks. Due to Ava’s father living with them, and her obsessing over trying to repair her parents' marriage, Ava & Charlie’s own marriage deteriorates because they are not having sex. Ava sends her parents to a different counselor, who suggests that they follow the “death break” therapy - no contact with one another so that they feel the absence, and therefore value each other, which is supposed to bring them closer together. Ava knows that this therapy only works over long periods of time, which, due to the party, she doesn’t have. She decides to take them to another counselor, along with Charlie. During one of the exercises, one spouse climbs a rock tower while the other spouse holds the rope which helps build trust between the partners. During the exercise, Ava's parents get into an argument and her father leaves the rope, leaving Betty suspended in air calling for help. Ava leaves her own rope, which is supporting Charlie, and tries to help her mother, which results in Charlie falling, injuring his back and neck. Ava apologizes, but he warns her that her distracted behavior is causing a increasing gulf between them. In secret, Ava continues planning the 30th anniversary surprise party. However, her mother throws a wrench in her plans and tells Ava that she is leaving on a trip to South Asia in 10 days for six months. Ava feels that her plan to bring her parents back together is failing, so she decides to play a trick on them in a last-ditch effort. She enlists Charlie to take her father out for a men's night and bring him back to the house later. Charlie takes her father to a bar where Gerber meets them. Much to Charlie's chagrin, Gerber takes them to a stripper club. At the club, the men drink excessively and Bradley enjoys the strip club’s dancers. Gerber tells Bradley that, because he is rich, he can marry a young, hot girl from Europe. Charlie and Bradley are drunk when they reach home where Ava is waiting with her mother. Under the influence of Gerber's advice, a drunken Bradley tells Betty that she can leave because he wants to marry one of the young European girls, which effectively destroys Ava's plan. Ava gets angry with Charlie for his childish behavior, which spoiled her last chance to bring her parents together. In response, Charlie complains that their lack of a sex life is caused by Ava's excessive determination to avoid her parents' inevitable divorce. Shelby decides to take Betty to a Speed Dating party so that she can meet other men. During the party, Betty meets many men, but realizes that none can replace her husband. Meanwhile, at Ava's, Bradley asks Ava to give him some pills to help him sleep. Ava concedes, and tells her father to take two pills, but he takes three and falls dead asleep. Then, Ava deviously flushes away the rest of pills in the toilet and calls an ambulance, claiming that her father took all of the sleeping pills of the bottle in a suicide attempt. The paramedics take Bradley to the hospital where he is admitted. Then, Ava calls her mother and informs her that Bradley tried to commit suicide after losing her. Betty rushes to the hospital where Ava and Charlie are already waiting. Bradley's doctor tells them that he hadn't, in fact, taken many of the pills and that he'll be fine. Betty goes in to Bradley’s room where they reunite, and Betty tells Bradley that she realized that in spite of their disagreements, he is the best man she'd ever known. Charlie asks Ava about the number of pills Bradley had taken, and she admits that she had created the whole incident in an attempt to bring her parents together. Charlie is upset by this and yells at Ava for her manipulative behavior, and for not telling him about her plan, after which he storms out of the hospital. When Ava and Shelby are about to leave the hospital, they discover that Bradley had produced a son from the affair that Bradley didn't know about. However, Betty has forgiven Bradley and welcomes his son into the family. Later that night, when Ava reaches home, she discovers that Charlie had left, leaving a note saying that he is “staying at Gerber's… need some time.” The next day, Ava goes in to Charlie’s office to apologize for her actions, and asks him to come back home. He replies that “he can't answer that right now”. She invites him to her parents' 30th anniversary party, which is now back on, but he declines, saying that he isn't in the mood for celebrating. Upon hearing this, Ava becomes enraged and accuses Charlie of having an affair with his secretary, Adriana. He denies that there is an affair, questions her motives for marrying him, suggesting that perhaps she had only done so to boost her career and lend credibility to her marriage counseling business. Ava is stunned, and leaves when Charlie takes a business call. The next day, Gerber kicks Charlie out because Kasia’s parents, two brothers, and three cousins are on their way for a visit. Charlie is surprised to hear Gerber talk to his wife in Polish, and questions him. Gerber says that if you love someone and want to live a successful married life, you have to accept and respect their family as well. At her parents' house, Ava asks her father for a drink so that she can keep herself in control during the Anniversary party, still reeling from the breakdown of her own marriage. Then, she takes her parents to the party, where they are surprised and pleased. Ava, who is sitting alone thinking about her ruined married, is approached by Shelby, who is worried about her and asks where Charlie is, to which Ava replies, “I don’t think he is going to make it.” Shelby gets upset, and tells Ava that she only has herself to blame for her failing marriage, as she neglected Charlie in her quest to save her parents' marriage, first denying her husband sex and then baselessly accusing him of adultery. Ava apologizes and admits that she isn't perfect and may not know everything about marriage. Shelby responds that she should say that to Charlie, at which Ava rushes out of the party to find Charlie, but meets him as he's on the way in to find her. She apologizes for her behavior and they renew their wedding vows. When Charlie asks Ava if she wants to go back in to the party, she suggests they consummate their marriage instead. At the end of the film, footage is shown of Charlie with his and Ava's baby daughter laughing."] ["Brontë Mitchell , a horticulturalist and an environmentalist, enters into a sham marriage with Georges Fauré , an illegal alien from France, so he may obtain a Green Card. In turn, Brontë uses her fake marriage credentials to rent the apartment of her dreams. After moving in, to explain her spouse's absence, she tells the doorman and neighbors he is conducting musical research in Africa. Contacted by the Immigration and Naturalization Service for an interview to determine if her marriage is legitimate, Brontë tracks down Georges, who is working as a waiter. Although the two have little time to get their facts straight, the agents who question them appear to be satisfied with their answers. But when one of the agents asks to use the bathroom and Georges directs him to a closet, their suspicions are aroused, and they schedule a full, formal interview to be conducted two weeks later at their office. Advised by her attorney she could face criminal charges if their deception is uncovered, Brontë reluctantly invites Georges to move in with her. They try to learn about each other's past and their quirks and habits but quickly find they can barely tolerate each other. Georges is a fiery tempered selfish slob and smoker who prefers red meat to vegetarian food, while Brontë is shown as a somewhat uptight and cold liberal progressive obsessed with her plants and wrapped up in environmental issues. Brontë's best friend Lauren Adler's parents plan to leave New York City and may donate their trees and plants to the Green Guerrillas, a group overseeing the development of inner city gardens. Brontë is invited to a dinner party to discuss the issue and discovers Georges is there, having been asked by Lauren. He so impresses the Adlers with an impressionistic piano piece set to a poem about children and trees that they agree to donate their plants to the Green Guerrillas. When Brontë's parents later arrive at the apartment for an unannounced visit, Georges pretends to be the handyman. When Brontë's boyfriend Phil returns from a trip, Georges reveals he is her husband. Brontë angrily kicks Georges out, but the pair nonetheless appear at the immigration interview the next day. The two are questioned separately, and when Georges is caught out by the interviewer, he confesses the marriage is a sham. He agrees to deportation but insists Brontë not be charged for her role in the charade. He lets Brontë believe the interview was a success and the two go their separate ways. A few days later, Georges invites Brontë to join him at the cafe where they first met. When she notices one of the immigration agents is seated nearby, she realizes Georges is being deported, finally aware she loves him. However, Georges is deported back to France, just as they have admitted their love for each other."] ['Raj Mittal , Veer Saxena  and Aryan Kapoor  are unhappy with their respective marriages even though they love their spouses. Their wives Bhavana , Diya  and Sonia  are busy with their everyday lives, and their husbands feel ignored by them. Bhavana constantly uses religion as an excuse to not be intimate with her husband, Diya aspires to be an actress, and Sonia is a lawyer who is obsessed with her cases. Soon the three men come across three beauties: Madhuri , Rekha  and Dimple . It is not long before they are tempted by them. Unfortunately for them Lucky Bhai  is out to make hell and expose them to their unassuming wives.'] ['A.J. Niles is a provocative best-selling author who discovers that he has a large tax debt owed to the IRS, due to being ripped off by his accountant, Herman Wapinger. He goes undercover under the alias "Jack Adams" in a California suburban community called Paradise Village to research a new book about the wives and lives there. Niles is pursued by a flirtatious married woman named Dolores while falling in love with a woman, Rosemary, who rents her house to him. Wapinger is found, Niles\' cash is returned to him, and he reveals his true identity on national television. The husbands in Paradise Village all file for divorce, believing their wives are all having affairs with Niles. In divorce court, Niles reveals that he is in love with Rosemary and asks here to marry him. Everyone lives happily ever after.'] ['Sameer Kapoor , a nurse, and Kunal Chopra , a photographer, bump into each other while looking for an apartment to rent. They fall in love with the same apartment; however, the owner refuses to sublet it to them as her niece, Neha Melwani , will stay in the apartment alone. When a U.S. soldier mentions how much Sameer and Kunal remind him of his own relationship with his life partner, Sameer tries to convince Kunal to pretend to be lovers so that they may live in the apartment. Kunal initially refuses but, desperate for the apartment, he decides to agree to it. Their plan works and they move in. Neha, Kunal, and Sameer spend time together and become good friends. One day, Neha\'s boss, Murli \'M\' , announces that he is resigning his job as the editor of Verve magazine and will decide who should take his position. To impress her editor and get the job, Neha invites M for dinner at her house, telling him that she will introduce him to her gay friends. The evening turns out to be comedic. However, Sameer\'s mother finds out that her son might be gay and is not pleased. The next day at Neha\'s office, M announces that Abhimanyu Singh  will be the new editor. Neha, heartbroken, returns home where she is consoled by Sameer\'s mother. Kunal and Sameer then help Neha with her on a redesign project, given to her by Abhimanyu. While Kunal is out for a few days, Sameer takes Neha on a romantic outing. Later, he tries to tell Neha about their scheme and admit that he loves her, but Kunal overhears and stops him. While they try to figure out what to do, Kunal suggests that Sameer meet him and Neha that night at a local dance bar. Instead, Kunal takes Neha to a romantic dinner and movie. The next morning, Sameer is furious with Kunal. Abhimanyu and Neha start dating, and Sameer and Kunal decide to team up to sabotage the relationship. Despite their efforts, Abhimanyu and Neha eventually fall in love. Sameer and Kunal redirect their efforts into frightening Abhi\'s son, Veer, about his future stepmother, Neha. Neha discovers that Abhi plans to propose to her during a basketball game. She leaves and asks Kunal and Sameer what she should do. Kunal and Sameer are shocked and reveal that they are not gay and are in love with her. Meanwhile, Veer tells Abhi of his fears and begins to cry, asking his father not to marry Neha. During the game, Abhi hugs Neha and ends the relationship, citing Veer\'s discomfort. Neha tearfully turns out Kunal and Sameer from the apartment and resigns from Verve. A few months later, Kunal and Sameer go to court to collect their resident permits and realize that they miss Neha. They find her at a fashion show and try to apologize, but she refuses to see them. Abhi shows up, and Kunal asks when their wedding is. Neha tells him that they broke up because Veer wasn\'t comfortable with her. Kunal and Sameer then admit the truth about their manipulations, infuriating Abhi and Neha. Kunal and Sameer get on the stage and beg for Neha\'s forgiveness, with the crowd egging them on and asking them to get on their knees and give flying kisses to Neha. Then they are asked to kiss each other, and the guys refuse to do so. Neha and Abhi begin to turn away. At the last moment, Kunal forcibly kisses Sameer. Abhi is amazed and tells Neha that the guys were really her best friends, as he wouldn\'t have done that for her. Neha goes to them and they make up. Kunal and Sameer propose to Abhi for Neha. He agrees, and Neha and Abhi get married. Two months later, Neha, Kunal, and Sameer are sitting on the apartment\'s balcony, enjoying themselves. Neha asks them if they felt anything during their charade of pretending to be gay. Kunal and Sameer get defensive and Neha leaves saying "Sorry, touchy topic." Sam and Kunal, now alone, remember the kiss.'] ['Rich kid and party animal Gardner Pruitt III , known as “Ding” to his friends, is on the prowl for a new conquest in the form of teenager Sandy Palmer . In the meantime, Ding’s influential grandfather, B.S. Cronin  wants to curtail the romance and shut down a popular local college teen hangout. Sandy’s guardians Sid Hoyt  and Woody Woodbury  get mixed up in the proceedings, with Woody becoming the college kid’s hero at the hangout. That sends up a red flag to the college administration, which sends in Dr. Pauline Swenson to investigate allegations of underage drinking. When the clever kids discover that ex-gangster Grandpa Cronin used to be a bootlegger, they blackmail him into keeping the club open.'] ['Florist Genevieve Gernier  believes that the best way to achieve romantic fulfillment is to never go on more than five dates with the same man. She is forced to reassess her philosophy when she meets Greg Gatlin , a restaurateur who moves into her neighborhood.'] ["Sundar  moves in with his brother's family that consists of his brother, sister-in-law Arundathi  and their little daughter as Aishwarya. Sundar is very close to all three of them. Although Sundar reveres Arundathi, she lusts for Sundar without his awareness. Sundar drops his niece at school every day and he meets his girlfriend Anandi  there. When his brother gets to know about their relationship, he is very excited. Unfortunately, his brother commits suicide soon afterward. Arundathi claims that his work problems caused his suicide. Sundar is tied down taking care of his brother's family as Arundathi and Aishwarya have nowhere to go. Arundathi keeps Anandi at bay by doing everything possible from her side. She tries her best to break Sundar's relationship with Anandi while subtly hinting to Sundar about her love for him. Anandi warns Sundar about his conniving Sister-in-Law but nothing comes out of it. She causes them to break up."] ['Playboy, Captain Danilo , is ordered by King Achmet of Marshovia  to court and marry Madame Sonia , a rich widow who owns a large portion of the kingdom.'] ['Christopher Pride wants to marry his girlfriend, Dr. Elizabeth Acord. However, she is too involved with her patients and she doesn\'t think that she would be able to leave them to live in Paris for a year. Pride decides to solve her patients\' problems after finding out that most of them are merely despondent after having relationships go bad. Therefore, he decides to "date" these women, without Acord\'s knowledge, and give them back their self-esteem so that they will be less dependent on their doctor. The film comes to a climax when all the women, including the psychiatrist, assemble at a party with Pride present. He quickly switches from one character to the next depending on which woman is present.'] ['Chicago socialite Cynthia Drexel arranges for New York City opera star Anthony Allen to sing at a private party for a $15,000 fee but, tired of his arduous performance schedule and the silly promotional stunts devised by his agent Petroff, he flees to his hometown in New Mexico, then his secluded cabin in the Sierra Madres. Determined to make him fulfill his commitment, Cynthia pursues him in her private plane, but he refuses to return with her, despite the efforts of her Uncle Bob and his valet Botts to convince him otherwise. When Cynthia leaves without her suitcase, a now intrigued Anthony returns to Chicago with her belongings. When he arrives at her home, an angry Cynthia criticizes his singing and tells him she has no romantic interest in him as she is engaged Count Raul Du Rienne. Cynthia sues him for breach of contract, but in court Anthony argues he refused to sing for her because she does not appreciate his talent, and the case is dismissed. Outside the courtroom, Uncle Bob tells him her betrothal to Raul is a mistake and all she needs is a good spanking to make her come to her senses. Anthony conceals himself in a doorway, and when Cynthia walks by, he pulls her inside and proceeds to spank her. Petroff calls a press conference at which he announces their union, and the happy couple signs their marriage license.'] ['Jimmy "Dodge" Connelly  is captain of the Duluth Bulldogs, a struggling professional American football team circa 1925. Dodge is determined to save both his team and pro football in general when the players lose their sponsor and the league is on the brink of collapse. He convinces Princeton University\'s college football star, Carter "the Bullet" Rutherford, to join the Bulldogs, hoping to capitalize on Carter\'s fame as a decorated hero of the First World War . In addition to his legendary tales of combat heroism, Carter has dashing good looks and unparalleled speed and skill on the field. As a result of his presence, both the Bulldogs and pro football in general begin to prosper. Chicago Tribune newspaper reporter Lexie Littleton becomes the object of the affections of both Dodge and Carter. Lexie has been assigned to find proof that Carter\'s war heroics are bogus. Carter confesses that the surrender of the Germans was a lucky accident and that his role in it was more foolish than heroic. Carter soon discovers Lexie\'s agenda and is doubly hurt when he learns that Dodge and Lexie are starting to show affections for each other and even shared a kiss. The ensuing fight over Lexie\'s affections puts her off. Spurred on by the threats of Carter\'s manager, she decides to publish the story. The story sparks a firestorm of accusations and reprimands. Carter\'s manager resorts to shady dealing to cover it up, even bribing the original witness to change his story. Dodge\'s attempts to legitimize pro football take a life of its own. The new commissioner formalizes the game\'s rules, taking away improvisational antics. In addition, the commissioner takes the responsibility of clearing up the Carter controversy to set an example for the new direction of professional football. With the whole world against Lexie , Dodge concocts a clever ruse. Interrupting a private hearing in the commissioner\'s office, Dodge threatens Carter with a confrontation by his old army mates. Dodge claims that they are just outside the door, ready to congratulate him for his heroic actions. In truth, the men are Bulldogs in borrowed Army uniforms. Carter confesses the truth. The commissioner frees Lexie from printing a retraction. Carter is ordered to simply say he got too much credit for his war actions, but must give a hefty part of his paycheck to the American Legion. Carter\'s conniving manager is banned from football as well. Dodge is warned that if he pulls any old tricks to win the next game, he will lose his place in the league. Dodge plays in one last game. This time it will be against Carter, who has changed sides from Duluth to Chicago. The rivalry for Lexie\'s affection spills onto the field. The game does not go so well for Dodge, including how muddy the field is. Dodge decides football should be played without rules. Lexie notices that after a brawl, Dodge is missing and with most players covered in mud, no one can tell who is who. There appears to be an interception and Chicago seems to have won, but when the mud is removed it\'s seen that the player is none other than Dodge Connelly, who disguised himself as a Chicago player on the play. The play is changed from an interception to a touchdown, and the Bulldogs win. Carter mentions to Dodge that he is finished playing football, based on the threat the commissioner had made. He intends to tell the newspapers the real story about his "capture" of the German soldiers. Dodge argues that America "needs" heroes and it is implied the true story won\'t be told. Dodge and Carter part on good terms once again. After the game, Dodge meets up with Lexie and they ride into the sunset on Dodge\'s motorbike, discussing with humor the possibilities in their future, which include bankruptcy, scandals and jail time. During the end credits, pictures show Dodge and Lexie getting married, Carter donating $10,000 to the US military and Carter\'s former manager with new clients Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig.'] ['Shyamsunder  is a naive villager who has a great interest in music. He travels to the city, making friends with Muthuswami , a South Indian tabla player. The president of the TIPS cassette company, Khurana , is impressed with his musical abilities and promotes him to a high position. As he goes back to repay his debts in the village he receives tragic news of the death of his wife Pooja  has died in a flood. He then marries Khurana\'s daughter Divya ([[Tabu . When Khurana has a heart attack, he finds his "presumed dead" wife Pooja in the hospital. He then has to fool his two wives, even if it includes leading a double life to make sure Pooja and Divya don\'t discover he has married both of them.'] ["Al McCord is hanging out at his favourite restaurant when he meets an attractive young woman, Ellie, who is looking for a ride from the city into the Mojave Desert, where her mother Julie lives. Al discovers romance with the free-spirited Julie despite the nearby presence of her boyfriend Boyd, who seems likely to go berserk at any moment. Strange events follow and it's up to Al to find an explanation. In the desert, Al's car develops a flat tire. He opens the trunk he discovers an apparent dead body . Al heads to a gas station for repairs, following a near run-in with a highway patrolman, when he is interrupted by an attempted robbery. The confusion created by the gun-happy gas station worker allows Al to escape unhurt. Back home, Al is visited by Ellie, followed by Julie. Unknown to him at this point, his car is being stolen. Outside they notice Boyd and flee to a nearby motel. Just after Al leaves to search for his car, Boyd arrives at the motel, taking the women back to Mojave and locking them in a shed. Al and actor buddy Sal mount a rescue mission but are themselves knocked out by Boyd. Kaiser, still alive, arrives back at Mojave unseen as Boyd drives off with Al, Sal, Julie and Ellie in the car atop his truck, intending on tipping the car and passengers over the edge of a quarry. They eventually escape uninjured while Boyd plummets to his doom, signaled by an ostentatious explosion. Ellie returns to Los Angeles with Sal, while Al remains for the night, at least, with Julie."] ['Policeman Charlie Lang  is a kind and generous man who loves his job and the Queens borough of New York City where he lives. His wife Muriel  works in a hairdressing salon and, unlike Charlie, is selfish, greedy and materialistic, constantly complaining about their situation in life. Waitress Yvonne Biasi , is bankrupt because her husband Eddie , whom she could not yet afford to divorce, emptied their joint checking account and spent all the money without her permission, while also leaving her with a credit card debt of over $12,000. Charlie meets Yvonne when she waits on him at the diner where she works. Since Charlie doesn\'t have enough money to pay the tip, he promises to give her either double the tip or half of his prospective lottery winnings the next day. He wins $4 million  in the lottery the next day and keeps his promise, despite the protests of his wife. He and Yvonne become stars almost immediately. Yvonne buys the diner she was working in. She sets up a table with Charlie\'s name at which people who cannot afford food can eat for free. In another development, Charlie becomes a hero for foiling an attempted robbery at a grocery store but gets wounded in the process, forcing him to take leave from the police force. At a gathering on a chartered boat for the lottery winners and other members of high society, Muriel gets to know the newly rich Jack Gross. She flirts with him and develops a strong liking for him, which is mutual. Meanwhile, Charlie and Yvonne spend a lot of time together, on one occasion paying for the train journeys of passengers of the subway, and on another treating the children of his neighbourhood to a day out at Yankee Stadium, about which the media report. Muriel gets fed up with Charlie\'s constant donations and overall simplicity and throws him out of their apartment, asking for a divorce. That same evening, Yvonne leaves her apartment after her husband shows up and threatens to stay until he gets $50,000 from her. Quite innocently, Charlie and Yvonne run into each other at the Plaza Hotel and, unintentionally, end up spending the night together. During divorce proceedings between Muriel and Charlie, Muriel demands all the money that Charlie won for herself. Charlie doesn\'t mind giving his share of the money but Muriel also wants the money he gave Yvonne, and Charlie\'s steadfast unwillingness to do so causes Muriel to take the case to court. The jury decides in her favor. Yvonne, feeling guilty at costing Charlie all his money, runs out of court in tears and tries to keep away from him. But the cop, by now hopelessly in love with the waitress, finds her at the diner and tells her that the money means nothing to him, and they declare their love for each other. While ruminating about their future at the diner and considering a possible move to Buffalo, they are gracious enough to provide a hungry and poor customer some soup, which he eats at the special table. The poor customer is none other than the disguised Angel Dupree, who takes photos of the couple and in the next day\'s newspapers publicly eulogises their willingness to feed a hungry and poor man even in their darkest hour. Just as Charlie and Yvonne are moving out of town, the citizens of New York City, no doubt touched by the generosity of the couple, send "the cop and the waitress" thousands of letters with tips totaling over $600,000, enough to help pay their debts. After Muriel gets remarried, her new husband Jack Gross flees the country with all the money from their checking account, revealing himself to be a con man. She then has no option but to move in with her mother in the Bronx and go back to her old manicure job. Eddie Biasi, now divorced from Yvonne, ends up becoming a taxi driver. Charlie happily returns to the police force and Yvonne reclaims the diner. At the film\'s end, Charlie and Yvonne get married and begin their honeymoon by taking off from Central Park in a hot air balloon that bears the New York Post headline "Cop Weds Waitress", just before the closing credits roll.'] ['Johnny Van Owen  is a carefree rapper who drifts from city to city performing with his crew. As the film begins, Johnny is performing at a nightclub rapping and dancing with his crew and a club background songstress  singing ["Cool as Ice "]. When the club closes for the night, Johnny receives a phone number from a female audience member. The crew then heads out on their motorcycles, heading to their next show. While the group passes through a small town, the rebellious Johnny falls for honor student Kathy Winslow . The crew is stranded in the town after a member\'s motorcycle breaks down and has to be left at a local repair shop. While waiting for repairs, Johnny uses the opportunity to see Kathy. Unfortunately for him, she already has a boyfriend named Nick , whom he advises Kathy to dump . Acting on a tip from Kathy\'s younger brother, Tommy, Johnny shows up with his crew at a local club frequented by Kathy and her friends. Noticing that no one was enjoying the live music playing at the club, Johnny and the crew decide to perform a musical number  by unplugging the other band\'s instruments and taking control, shocking the audience and ending with Johnny sweeping Kathy off her feet, humiliating Nick. He offers to forgive Kathy and take her home, but she refuses and walks home by herself. Unbeknownst to Kathy, however, she is stalked by two strange men in a car. She is saved by Johnny, who takes her home. At the club\'s parking lot, a jealous Nick and his friends smash up motorcycles belonging to Johnny\'s friends. Nick\'s friends attack the rapping biker who fights back, leaving Nick in the hospital with a broken nose. Kathy\'s father, Gordon ([[Michael Gross , becomes suspicious of Johnny, and warns Kathy to stay away from him because they can\'t trust strangers. Despite her protests, her father insists; for her safety as well as that of the Winslow family. The next day, Kathy goes for a ride with Johnny against her father\'s wishes. They ride all over town, including a construction site, paying no heed to the time . When they finally return home, they are greeted by an angry Gordon, who coldly warns Johnny to stay away from his daughter. Gordon, under pressure from his wife Grace , reveals to Kathy the secret of his past--he was once a police officer before he met her mother. They were on the run from two corrupt cops  and were able to escape using fabricated documents, explaining why he kept his life a secret from Kathy all these years. Kathy criticizes her father, saying it was not fair that he lied to her in order to protect her, yet refuse to permit her to see a total stranger. The next day, Johnny agrees to give Tommy a ride on his bike. They cruise through the streets, and finally back to the Winslow home where Tommy is kidnapped. At the repair shop, the crew prepares to leave town since the bike has been repaired, but they tell Johnny to say goodbye to Kathy for the last time. When Johnny arrives at the Winslow house, he finds an envelope meant for the family. It turns out to be a message from the crooked cops with Tommy recording it. Fearing the worst, Gordon accuses Johnny of criminal involvement, much to Kathy\'s dismay. When Kathy asks Johnny to play the tape left behind by the kidnappers, he hears a loud clanging noise from a construction vehicle, revealing the message was recorded at the construction site. The gang ambushes the kidnappers and rescue Tommy. When the police arrive, the gang return Tommy to the Winslows, and Gordon apologizes to Johnny. The rapper tells Kathy he has to move on, but she decides to follow him. Around the same time, Nick arrives in his car, telling Kathy to get used to being a biker chick because she will never see him again. Not discouraged, Kathy holds on as Johnny uses the car as a ramp, much to Nick\'s shock. The two new lovers then ride off into the big city. The film ends with Johnny finally reaching his destination, rapping  and dancing with his crew to an audience at a night club. Kathy, who is among the audience, joins him on stage after the show is over, dancing alone in the spotlight.'] ["Elgar Enders , a man who lives off his parents' wealth, buys himself an inner-city tenement, in the transitional neighborhood of 1970 Park Slope, Brooklyn, planning to evict all the occupants and construct a luxury home for himself. However, once he ventures into the tenement, he gradually grows fond of the low-income black residents who dwell there. Enders decides to remain as the landlord, and help fix the apartment building. He rebels against his WASP upbringing, and to his parents' dismay, he romances two black women, Lanie and Fanny, . Elgar falls for Lanie, a dancer at a local black club. Lanie is a beautiful black woman who has a mother of Irish descent, and a father of African descent, thus she has light skin and features, and has experienced colorism because of it. Their relationship is strained, as Elgar has an affair with one of his tenants, Fanny, and gets her pregnant. Consequently, her boyfriend Copee, a black activist with an identity crisis, is enraged when he finds out about the pregnancy, and tries to kill Elgar with an axe. He ultimately stops. The Enders family is shaken and stirred by their son's decisions and behavior, but reluctantly accepts him. Ultimately, Fanny disowns the illegitimate, Caucasian looking child and gives him to Elgar. The story ends with Elgar taking custody of his love child, mending his relationship with his girlfriend Lanie, and moving in with her."] ['In 1905, Dinah Sheldon, an enthusiastic art student, is expelled from Miss Ingram\'s Seminary for wearing two petticoats instead of five, attending political rallies and insisting that she be allowed to study nudes. When she is sent home to Baltimore, Dinah\'s understanding father, Dr. Andrew Sheldon, an Episcopalian pastor, easily forgives his headstrong daughter this latest calamity, but her mother Lily encourages her to be more conventionally feminine. Dinah\'s childhood sweetheart, Tom Wade, also believes that she should settle down and confesses that, since her absence, he has begun dating the more "continental" Bernice Eckert. Dinah feigns indifference to Bernice, telling Tom that her only ambition is to study art in Paris, and he agrees to help her fulfill her dream. When Dinah is arrested during a brawl in a public park, which starts after four loafers begin arguing over one of her paintings, the overworked Tom is asked to provide bail for all five. Out of gratitude, Dinah offers to write a speech for Tom on equality, which he is scheduled to deliver the next night at the Forum Society\'s Spring Dance. While preparing the speech, which is a modified version of one of her own debates, Dinah learns that her exit from jail was witnessed by two women, who then relayed the information to Dan Fletcher, Andrew\'s Scottish vestryman. Dan is upset by the scandal because Andrew has just become a candidate for the new bishop\'s post, and suggests that he punish Dinah. Instead, the less ambitious Andrew encourages Dinah\'s dreams by confessing that, as a youth, he had a short career as a ballroom dancer but gave it up to protect his father\'s reputation. That night, Dinah shows up late at the Forum Society, and Tom is forced to read her speech cold. He is shocked to discover that her "equality" topic is female emancipation and is laughed at by the large crowd. The humiliated Tom dotes on Bernice and informs Dinah that he no longer wants to be seen with her. Aware of Tom\'s rejection, Andrew offers to be Dinah\'s partner in a waltz contest, and father and daughter easily defeat Tom and Bernice. Later, Dinah visits Tom at the automobile garage where he works as a mechanic and begs him to pose for a portrait she intends to enter in a competition called "Spirit of Labor." Although Tom at first refuses to help, Dinah soon talks him into posing by promising to disguise his face in the finished painting. She then dresses him in a bathing suit and hammer and paints his likeness in the seclusion of the family greenhouse. Dinah enters the painting in the contest anonymously, but because Tom\'s face is clearly identifiable, her identity is soon surmised. In addition, because she painted Tom as half undressed, her reputation is called into question, and Andrew, who has been nominated to the bishop\'s job, is suddenly embroiled in yet another scandal. Tom is then fired from his job and dumped by a jealous Bernice. Pressured by Lily and Dan, Andrew reluctantly agrees to send Dinah to her aunt in Pittsburgh until his promotion is assured. Tom, meanwhile, finds himself hotly defending Dinah\'s honor to Bernice, and as the contrite Dinah is about to leave for the train station, he insists on riding with her in the family carriage. On the way there, a suffrage parade is harassed by a group of jeering men, and Dinah and Lily come to the women\'s rescue, causing a small riot. Just as a regretful Andrew is about to rush to the station to bring Dinah home, he learns of the incident and bails his family and Tom out of jail. The next day in church, Andrew tells Dan he has been "ruminating" about his future and delivers a critical, impromptu sermon on tolerance to his congregation. Andrew\'s stand moves his family to tears, and just as Tom finally confesses his love to Dinah, Andrew learns that he has been made bishop.'] ['Marina, Adan, Mimí and Ignacio met in high school. Marina fell in love with Ignacio at graduation, after he pulled her out of a pool and gave her mouth-to-mouth resuscitation, which she interpreted as a kiss. During graduation as well, Adan in a prank gone awry broke Mimi\'s ankle, which resulted on her missing out on her one shot to appear in a famous soap opera. Now twelve years later Marina is a sculptor unable to finish her latest piece. Adan is a recovering alcoholic, junkie and sex addict. Mimi works in a kids show playing the part of a bumblebee and Ignacio is a risk annalist for an insurance company, obsessed with the death of his girlfriend 8 years before. They all attend to a high school reunion party for different reasons. Marina wants to find out if Ignacio feels something about her, Adan wants to rekindle his old relationship with his ex "La Chule", Mimi was forced to attend by her overbearing mother once again on the eve of a big audition and Ignacio goes to see Mimi, his cousin. During the course of the reunion Adan during the heat of passion with his ex accidentally pushes Mimi of the roof breaking her ankle once more and losing his cellphone in the process which is subsequently found by Mimi, who swears revenge upon Adan. Ignacio and Marina meet, and Ignacio reveals that he never liked her, at this point Marina is struck by a car in the same spot Ignacio\'s girlfriend was. Later at the hospital Marina agrees to help Ignacio find the driver if he agrees to date her, he reluctantly agrees. Mimi having once more lost an important audition has given up and accepted her life, but her mother forces the producer give her an audition during which she is interrupted by Adan and his girlfriend\'s niece, who immediately catches the producers eye and is cast instead of Mimi. Mimi proceeds to wreak vengeance upon Adan taking to point of consuming heroin and alcohol again. Meanwhile Ignacio finds the truck driver and proceeds to talk to him, he feels hatred towards the trucker at first but soon his feeling turn to pity when he listens to his story, now finally having obtained closure over the death of his wife he realizes he loves Marina and goes to see her. While kissing she notices burns on his hands and asks him about them, he responds that during graduation he and his friends were making a bonfire near the pool and his arm caught on fire when he went through his arm in the water to put out the flames. Marina gets upset about this, she thought Ignacio had saved her because he loved her. Marina storms off looking for Adan only to find him drunk at the school trying to stop Mimi from killing herself; after Ignacio appears, Adan and Ignacio fight which leaves Ignacio unconscious and in the pool. Marina not wanting to lose Ignacio jumps in the pool and rescues him.'] ['Cattle baron George Washington "G.W." McLintock  is living the single life on his ranch. He is estranged from wife Katherine , who left him two years before, suspecting him of adultery. When he isn\'t playing chess or breaking his own record for throwing a hat up onto the longhorn-shaped weather vane at the top of his house every time he comes home drunk, McLintock keeps busy with the ranch. He hires attractive widow Louise Warren  as his cook and welcomes both her and her two children into his home, including grown son Dev , who\'s handy with his fists. McLintock butts heads with a local gadfly, Matt Douglas, and Territorial Governor Cuthbert Humphrey, a sleazy bureaucrat who is looking to discredit McLintock, settle the territory, and remove the local Comanche Indians. Sparks begin to fly as an unexpected turn of events results in brawls, gunfire, an Indian attack&nbsp;... and the return of Mrs. McLintock, who wants custody over their daughter Becky   and a divorce from G.W. Becky comes home from school with her banjo-playing love interest, "Junior" Douglas , but soon falls for Dev, and vice versa. McLintock approves of their engagement, then pursues Katherine through the streets and shops of town until he paddles her backside and gets her back.'] ['Calvin Webber  is a brilliant and eccentric Caltech nuclear physicist, living during the Cold War. His extreme fear of a nuclear holocaust leads him to build an enormous self-sustaining fallout shelter beneath his suburban home. One night, while he and his pregnant wife, Helen , are entertaining guests, a family friend comes to inform him that John F. Kennedy and Nikita Khrushchev are getting into a debate. The family turns on their television, and watch in horror. When the Cuban Missile Crisis begins, they ask their guests to leave, and they head down into the shelter. Meanwhile, a pilot is having problems with his plane; he is ordered to eject, believing his jet will crash into the Pacific Ocean. Just as the Webbers descend into the shelter, the plane veers off and crashes into the Webber home, leaving their friends and family to believe the family has died. The family, having seen the resulting fireball just as they lock themselves in their shelter, believe that the unthinkable has happened and that they are the sole survivors of a nuclear war. The locks on the shelter are set for 35 years and cannot be overridden by anyone inside or outside the shelter — for "their own protection" according to Calvin Webber. A few days after the locks have been engaged, Mrs. Webber goes into labor and gives birth to a baby boy, whom they name Adam. During the roughly 35 years they are down in the shelter, the world above drastically changes, while the Webbers\' life remains frozen in 1962. Adam is taught in several languages, all school subjects, dance, boxing, and many other things. The family passes time watching black and white films and kinescopes of television programs via a projector rigged to look like a television. Adam is given his father\'s baseball card collection and shares in various companies. In the present, the timer on the locks releases, and Calvin decides to check out the surroundings above the shelter , which has turned into a ghetto. He mistakes this for a post-apocalyptic world and wants his wife and grown son  to stay in hiding, but suffers from chest pain. Adam, who is naïve but well-educated, is sent for supplies and help, thus beginning his adventures. Much of the humor in the film is derived from his being unaccustomed to the lifestyle of the present , believing "gay" means happy, and finding awe in simple things of the present. Early on, he meets Eve Vrustikoff  at a card store, where she works, and where he went to sell his father\'s classic baseball cards. She stops the store owner from ripping Adam off and is immediately fired. Adam asks Eve to take him to the Holiday Inn, in exchange for a baseball card, worth $4,000. The next morning, at the Holiday Inn, Eve comes to give back the card to Adam, and after a brief conversation, Eve informs Adam that she has to look for a new job. In exchange for $1,000 a week, Adam asks Eve to work for him, she agrees to help him buy the supplies and his search for a "non-mutant wife from Pasadena". Meanwhile, Adam meets Eve\'s gay housemate and best friend, Troy , who offers advice and commentary as Adam and Eve fall in love. Adam continually impresses both Eve and Troy with his array of talents including an energetic swing dance that garners the attention of Eve\'s rival, Sophie , who starts flirting with the naive Adam, spurning Eve when he goes home with her. Adam returns later, having admitted to rejecting Sophie\'s advances and tells Eve about his past. The sheer notion of the story scares Eve into thinking he is a sociopath or psychotic and delusional and she contacts some mental health professionals to have him committed. They arrive at Eve\'s house to take him into custody, but he escapes. After Adam is gone, Troy and Eve find that he has "millions upon millions, upon millions of dollars" worth of stocks, and the lifestyle they find he has been living seems straight out of the 1960s. Eventually, Eve finds Adam and the two make up, Adam finally introducing Eve to his sheltered parents. At the conclusion of the film, Calvin and Helen move into a home at the surface that their son has had constructed with the wealth he has acquired from the stocks his father gave him. Only Calvin is informed that the catastrophe they went into seclusion for was in fact a plane crash, for fear Helen would be incredibly angry at her husband for her years of mistaken confinement. The film ends with Helen at peace with her newfound freedom from the shelter, Adam and Eve engaged to be married, while Calvin, certain that the "Commies" have faked the collapse of the Soviet Union, starts pacing out measurements for a new fallout shelter.'] ['Teenager Dedee Truitt  runs away from home after her stepfather\'s funeral and moves in with her half-brother Bill , a gay teacher in a conservative, suburban community in Saint Joseph County, Indiana. Dedee seduces Bill\'s young lover, Matt , then tricks him into believing he has impregnated her. In fact, the father of her child is her ex-boyfriend Randy Cates . She and Matt elope, leaving Bill and the uptight Lucia , the sister of Bill\'s deceased partner Tom, to track them down and sort out the mess. In the meantime, Matt\'s "bit on the side," Jason Bock , attempts to blackmail Bill in order to track down Matt, claiming Bill sexually assaulted him while he was a student. Bill and Lucia find Dedee and Matt, only to discover Dedee has stolen Tom\'s ashes and is holding them for ransom. Randy also finds Dedee; they inform Matt that they are taking the ashes and moving to have the baby elsewhere. They escape but soon get into an argument that leads to Dedee accidentally shooting Randy. She and Matt escape to Canada, and Bill eventually finds them. After giving birth to Randy Jr., Dedee returns Tom\'s ashes to Bill, apologizing for her actions in the past year. After a few months in prison, she moves back in with Bill, while Matt and Jason go traveling together, and Lucia marries her old friend Carl . Eventually, Dedee decides that Randy Jr. would be better off alone with Bill  and runs away. Narrating the ending, Dedee sarcastically concludes that sex is precisely the opposite of what people should want, leading as it does to kids, disease or, worst of all, relationships. At the end of the film, the vignettes of the various caring relationships among the characters show the opposite of superficial sexual gratification.'] ['Claire  resents the fact that she has never been in love. She soon falls for somebody but is left heartbroken and disturbed, largely thanks to her emotionally unstable friends.'] ['Single mother Jean  moves every time she gets her heart broken by another guy, much to the dismay of her teenage daughter, Holly . Holly devises a plan to invent a secret admirer for her mother, so she\'ll be happy and stop moving. Holly overhears her friend Amy\'s  uncle Ben  ordering flowers for a woman, and decides to use his advice on women . Following Ben\'s advice, she sends her mother orchids and other gifts and love notes, and is soon communicating with her mother as this fictitious admirer  via the internet. As her mother becomes more interested, Holly has to find a photo of this admirer. She sends one of the real Ben, and then devises a reason why they can\'t meet in person, claiming he is working in China. While she is developing the online romance between her mother and fake Ben, and preventing her mother and the real Ben from meeting in person, she finds herself drawn to a cute, artistic boy in her class, Adam ([[Ben Feldman , but is unwilling to get close to anyone due to her history of being uprooted and having to say goodbye so often. As the charade continues, and as Holly spends more time with Ben while picking his brain for romance tips, she slowly begins to see qualities in Ben which make her believe he is her mother\'s \'perfect man.\' Unfortunately there is no way her mother can ever meet the real Ben without Holly\'s plan being exposed. Holly asks help from Adam to disguise as Ben in the telephone and break up with Jean. But he fails, as he is revealed to be harboring feelings for Holly too, in effect telling Holly\'s mother the opposite of what is planned. Next day at school, Adam admits his feelings for Holly by kissing her. That night, Lenny , a man who is infatuated with Jean, proposes to her and she replies with a \'maybe\'. Holly, as an act of desperation, then disguised as Ben\'s secretary and arranges a meeting between Ben and her mom. Next day, when Holly mistakenly believes Ben is marrying someone else, she disrupts the wedding to tell Ben he should be with her mother - not noticing he is there because the bride was his dear friend and he was catering the wedding. An angry Ben follows her out and makes her tell him the full story. Holly then goes to the meeting place and admits the whole ruse to Jean, who seemed to take it badly. Days passed by and Holly and her mom maintained a cold relationship, and Holly got insulted by her interpretation of Adam\'s drawing of "Princess Holly." Holly begs Jean for them to move again. Her mother is humiliated and wants to stay, but Holly tells her to leave this once for Holly. She says that she always has to move for her mom. Her mom can\'t argue with that so they start to pack. Adam, for what he thought was the last time, went to Holly\'s home and gave Holly\'s mom his drawing, commenting that the drawing has another side, which turns out to be Adam telling Holly that he\'ll always be there for her. Touched, Jean logs onto the internet with Holly\'s screen name and talks to Adam. Adam, thinking it\'s Holly, says that her mom is setting a bad example, getting up and leaving when things get bad. Jean is deeply moved by this and decides to stay, finding a new job and for once trying to rebuild her life without running away. She also apologizes to her daughter and told her to look at the other side of the drawing, making Holly happy. Meanwhile Ben is intrigued by what Holly told him about her mother, and with Holly\'s help, Jean and Ben finally meet and Jean finds her \'perfect man\' at last. Holly also seems on the road to her perfect man, as now she has some stability in her life, she finally opens up and admits her feelings for Adam. In the end, Adam and Holly are going to their first school dance together.'] ["The plot begins in a remote village in Tamil Nadu named Pannaipuram . Samikannu/Sami , son of a karagattam artist, Vinayakam/Vinay , son of a military man, and Ramarajan/Ram , son of the local bigwig and the village Casanova, are three rebellious youths who try various attempts to flee their village and see the outside world but are usually caught and punished by the conservative elders. After being punished harshly, they attempt one last escape and succeed. The trio runs away to the town of Madurai, hoping to stay with Vinayakam's friend Azhagar. On arriving at Azhagar's place, they find him getting married to an American woman named Angelina Jolie. Azhagar tells them that he had met her in Goa and that they will spend their honeymoon in London. The three friends are inspired to travel to Goa, meet a foreign woman there and marry her. Upon realizing that they have mistakenly brought along a sacred golden jewel from their village temple and thus can never return, they pack their bags and head to Goa. At Goa, they meet a fellow Tamil named Jack  who provides food and shelter and introduces them to the party culture of Goa. Vinayakam falls in love with Roshini , a club singer, while Samikannu attempts to woo an American named Jessica Alba  whom he had seen earlier at the wedding in Madurai. The three friends are given a makeover by Jack and Roshini, and they begin a new lifestyle in Goa. At this point, enters hotelier Danny , who is Jack's gay lover. Danny is attracted by Samikannu's innocence and begins making affectionate advances toward him; Samikannu is oblivious. This invokes the jealousy of Jack, who hires ninja-themed henchmen to beat up Samikannu. In an awkwardly heroic scene, Sami nullifies their attack. Ramarajan's life takes a twist after he comes across Suhasini Fernando ([[Sneha . They begin dating, and Ram learns that she is a wealthy entrepreneur who owns a luxury cruise ship named Casino Royale. The two eventually get married, and Ram gifts her the golden jewel from his village, which she locks in a secret room aboard her yacht. Soon the trouble starts. Ram learns that Suhasini is slightly neurotic: a fact revealed to him by her former husband Shakthi . The marriage takes a bitter turn, and Ram turns to his friends for help. Together they plan a covert mission and successfully retrieve the jewel. Vinay and Sami are successful in their romance. The three boys eventually return to their native village, along with Roshini, Jessica, Danny and Jack. There, a surprise awaits Ram, in the form of Nayantara. The epilogue takes place in Goa, showing Suhasini falling in love with Madhan Kumar . As they hug, Madhan's nose begins to bleed, indicating that Suhasini has become a victim of Manmadhan. The film parodies various themes prevalent in Tamil cinema, as well as many popular Tamil songs. Director Venkat Prabhu makes several cameos throughout the film."] [" Maria Owens, a young witch, was exiled to Maria's Island in Massachusetts with her unborn child for escaping her execution. She cast a spell upon herself to never fall in love due to heartbreak, only to die soon after. The spell became a curse for hundreds of years. Gillian and Sally Owen are two descendants of the Owens family taken in by their aunts Frances and Jet after the death of their parents. Sally is the more gifted of the two while Gillian's talents are more in charm and persuasion, and have been subject to ridicule during their youth. After witnessing their aunts cast a spell on a man for a woman who seems obsessed with having his love, Gillian decides to fall in love and Sally casts a true love spell to protect herself. The sisters cast an oath to each other using blood from both of their hands and Gillian leaves for California. Sally meets and marries Michael, an apple salesman. Years later, the two open their botanical shop Verbena and have two young daughters, Kylie and Antonia. Michael is killed when a truck collides into him. Sally and her daughters return to the Owens home to live with the aunts, and realize that the aunts cast a spell so she could fall in love. Sally swears off magic because the magical curses have ruined her life, and vows that her daughters will not perform magic. As Gillian begins a relationship with Jimmy Angelov in California, Sally is devastated by her husband's death. Gillian feels that Sally needs her and drugs Jimmy to return to Massachusetts. Gillian returns to Sally after Jimmy becomes abusive, but the sisters are kidnapped. Sally puts belladonna into Jimmy's tequila, but inadvertently kills him. The sisters attempt to resurrect him using the forbidden spell from their aunts' book of spells. Jimmy attempts to kill Gillian after being revived. Sally kills him again, and the sisters bury his body in the garden of the Owens home. State investigator Gary Hallett arrives from Tucson, Arizona in search of Jimmy, attributing his death to Sally. Gillian has Kylie and Antonia create a potion to banish Gary, but it fails. Later, Sally has Gary record her testimony and sees the letter she had once written Gillian, and realizes he must have read it more times than he had let on. Unable to deny their feelings for each other, they kiss and Sally realizes that he was there because of the spell she cast years earlier. Sally finds that Jimmy's spirit has possessed Gillian's body and Gary sees Jimmy's spirit emerge. Jimmy attempts to grab Gary's heart, but his star-shaped badge saves him and temporarily exiles the spirit. Later, Sally tells Gary that he is here is because of her spell and the feelings they have for each other are not real. Gary replies that curses are only true if one believes in them and reveals that he also wished for her, before returning to Arizona. Jimmy possesses Gillian again and attempts to kill Sally. Realizing that a coven of nine women to use witchcraft against Jimmy, Frances and Jet return. Sally realizes she must embrace magic to save her sister and asks the aid of the townswomen. Jimmy's spirit is dispelled and exorcised by the coven. When Sally repeats the spell that was mentioned as Gillian first left, they clasp their hands to mix each other's blood once more and exorcise Jimmy's spirit. Sally receives a letter from Gary telling her that she and her sister are cleared of any suspicion of wrongdoing in Jimmy's case and Gary returns to Massachusetts to be with Sally. The Owens women celebrate All Hallow's Eve dressed up in witch costumes, but they are embraced and welcomed by the townsfolk."] ["The film revolves around three bachelors, Meet , Prem  and Amar . Their lives are almost as good as normal, until they get married and their lives turn to hell. Meet marries Anchal  who is obsessively possessive about her husband, Prem marries Geeta  who is overly religious and thus their life suffers, and Amar marries Bindiya  who is dominating and has an equally horrendous mother. They get together one last night and try to think of a way to get away from their wives for some time, reliving their fun bachelor days. The men set their sights on other women but eventually realize they have all been seeing the same girl, Monica . She blackmails them that if they do not give her all their money, she will tell their wives all about their affairs. When they bring the money to Monica, she is found dead in a car the next day. There, the trio meet police officer Sikander  who starts following them. Eventually, when Monica's killer finds the three man, he asks for the money or they will die just like Monica; when they bring the money, Sikander is already there. They have been caught, but it is revealed that Sikander is Bindiya's cousin and Monica, who is alive, is Anchal's best friend. They built the scheme with the wives to teach their hubbies a lesson. The film ends with the men learning a lesson and living happily ever after with their wives."] ['For years, Zack Bradley  has been working at the local "Super Club" as a box-boy. Living with his grandmother, he spends his free time with his co-workers, Lon Neilson , Iqbal Raji , and Russell Porpis-Gunders . Despite his "slacker" like ways he is actually fairly kind-hearted, popular and supportive. His coworker Vince Downey  earns the Employee of the Month title for the 17th time in a row. Vince is egotistical and rude towards his co-workers, mainly Jorge Mecico , whom he berates constantly. When new cashier Amy Renfro  joins the staff, Zack and Vince fall for her and begin to compete for her affection. Although Amy had a dinner with Vince, she is repulsed by his attempt to put moves on her. However, Vince does not realize Amy\'s disgust of him, thinking that they had a good kiss, and continues pursuing her. When Zack is told that Amy slept with the "Employee of the Month" at her last job, he decides to aim for the title. He picks up his act and becomes a harder worker, giving Vince competition for the title. He also goes on a date with Amy, which takes place entirely in Super Club, blindsiding Vince who is determined to give Zack a tough time. Within a few days, with Vince still racking up the daily star, Zack starts to realise that getting "Employee of the Month" is not as easy as he thought. After Iqbal gives him more encouragement, he finally finds his groove and to the horror of Vince, gets the next day\'s star. A war of attrition begins, as Vince tries everything he can think of to derail Zack\'s string of stars, even breaking into his house to reset the clocks and cause him to be late. But Zack barely arrives on time, making Vince\'s attempt to sabotage the former unsuccessful. Zack agrees to take Iqbal\'s shift on the day of a championship slow-pitch game against rival chain Maxi-Mart. However, he leaves to play in the game and Iqbal is fired. Frustrated at Zack\'s new attitude, his friends tell him he is turning into Vince and feel his attempt at getting the title is a result of trying to have sex with Amy. Amy overhears the conversation and is disgusted at Zack for his true intentions. Amy reveals to Zack that her last boyfriend, who happened to be Employee of the Month, was conniving, conceited, and impolite which was why she requested a transfer because she could not stand being with him. At the end of the month, there is a tie between Zack and Vince. On the day of the tie-breaking competition, Zack decides to quit, and gets Iqbal his job back and tells him he took responsibility for what happened, making a heartfelt apology to Lon, Iqbal, and Russell. Zack tells them he plans to win the competition, not for recognition or to make an impression, but for pride. When the store manager is about to announce Zack\'s resignation, Zack, Lon, Iqbal, and Russell show up claiming Zack never filed the resignation papers. It is revealed Russell bribed the human resources manager with a broken Butterfinger. Zack also attempts to reconcile his relationship with Amy, even if it would not be romantic, he would settle for friendship by apologizing to her. Despite Vince\'s protests, the competition, for the fastest checkout, is held. The Employee of the Month Award is to be granted to the person who finishes the task in lesser time. Vince manages to beat Zack by a matter of seconds, but during the award ceremony, Semi , the security guard, brings a surveillance video of the competition which shows Vince throwing items behind his back and onto the belt without scanning them. Vince denies the allegations of under-ringing. The store\'s assistant manager, who had just completed an audit of the tills used in the competition, proved the surveillance video was right about Vince giving customers free things and has been doing this for some time, costing the store thousands of dollars. When security tape footage is shown and his register receipt totals proved he cost the store money, Vince is fired and required to wear a police tracking device in lieu of jail time. Zack ends up winning the competition having the second most points as well as the love of Amy. Six weeks following Vince\'s termination from Super Club, he is on probation and working at a rival store Maxi-Mart. Jorge has finally learned to assert himself and gives Vince the same poor treatment that he was once given by Vince, though is nonetheless willing to give Vince a ride to the bus stop, knowing that this would put Vince outside the range of his probation leg-tracker.'] ['{{Plot}} When Todd Anderson\'s ([[Josh Hamilton  job and entire department are outsourced, he reluctantly travels to India to train his replacement. Arriving in India, he experiences culture shock: he is confused by everything from catching a train to hiring a taxi. Through his team of quirky Indian call center workers&mdash;including his friendly and motivated replacement, Puro , and the charming, outspoken Asha &mdash;Todd soon realizes that he too has a lot to learn, not only about India but also about himself. One day he calls his ex-girlfriend in the US only to find that she is with another man. Todd is depressed, but before long he discovers that being outsourced may be the best thing that ever happened to him. Todd\'s assigned objective is to reduce the time needed to complete the average call from 12 minutes to six. If his team doesn\'t achieve this, his boss won\'t let him go home. Another call center administrator, whom he happens to meet in Mumbai, tells him it\'s hopeless. He suggests that, instead of fighting, Todd should relax and go with the flow; his life in the process will become easy. The next day Todd gets caught in Holi, a celebration of colors. He initially tries to run away from the people throwing colored powders and water balloons at him, but he finally joins in the celebration and has fun. He then submerges himself in the village lake and emerges, symbolising his acceptance of the culture. One night, Todd congratulates his call center on their progress. He asks them what would make working in the call center a more positive experience. Workers ask to bring pictures and figurines from home, and to be allowed to dress as they please. Workers also ask to get the products they\'re selling. Todd makes a deal that the worker with the best Minutes Per Incident  will get to pick the product of his choice from the treasure box. He has the manufacturer send 100 products, much to his boss\'s disapproval. However, when the boss calls to complain, Todd explains that there are a billion potential buyers in India who would love to buy the products. The boss responds by shipping the products overnight. The products are accidentally sent to another town and street with the same name. Todd and Asha go to retrieve the packages, by car and ferry. Todd lightheartedly asks a statuette of the goddess of destruction , which he sees on the taxi, to destroy something while they wait. The ferry coincidentally burns up. Todd and Asha have to share a hotel room called the Kama Sutra Suite. They are initially nervous, with Asha becoming furious thinking what would happen if anyone finds out that she is alone in a hotel room with a man who is not her husband. But later, they end up making love. When they return to work, Asha explains that she has been engaged since age four and asks him to maintain professional distance with her. Todd feels let down. Asha explains her friend\'s euphemism of a "holiday in Goa". She tells him she will learn to love her future husband like her mother and father did with each other. To this Todd replies that he does not understand how the strong-willed Asha would settle for an arranged marriage. Asha responds that she doesn\'t understand the US\'s 50% divorce rate either. Asha confesses to Todd that all her life she had to struggle for everything, from education to work, and always listen to her parents complain "You can\'t go to college" or "You can\'t work in a call center". She mentions being elated when Todd said "Asha can do anything" while explaining to Puro why he wishes to promote Asha to assistant manager. After this, Todd\'s boss, David, suddenly arrives. When he comes to check on the progress, which was previously just over six minutes per call, they find the call center flooded due to a neighboring farm\'s irrigation system. Todd has the entire staff move to the roof. The aghast David thinks it is impossible but the now-wised-up Todd replies it may be impossible in the US, but not in India. Over the course of the night, the new operation manages to break the six-minute mark. Before Todd goes off with the other workers to celebrate at the local bar, he is told by David that the company will be outsourcing to China for a much cheaper price. All the employees have lost their jobs and he expects Todd to, once again, travel to China and train his replacement. The employees don\'t complain because they will get severance pay, and are expecting jobs in other call centers in India. Puro, however, is disappointed because he won\'t get enough money to marry the woman of his dreams. Todd, remembering the story of the software programmer who outsourced his own job; outsources his lucrative job at the Chinese call center to Puro, who happily marries with enough money and a great future. Todd returns to Seattle; in the closing scene, his phone rings with Asha\'s special ringtone, and he smiles as he reaches for it.'] ["Ray  is a middle-aged Sheffield father of two, down on his luck. Separated from his wife, his life revolves around his close friendship with his much younger flatmate Steve  and a passion for climbing. One summer, the pair and their loose gang of workers gain illicit, cash-in-hand employment painting the electricity pylons of the Yorkshire Moors. Their deadline is tight and their terms of employment precarious, but both are grateful for money and the opportunity to climb daily. The pattern of life is interrupted by the arrival of footloose Australian backpacker Gerry . Attractive, and a talented climber, she and Ray fall in love and become a couple despite Steve's apparent interest. Ray harbours some reluctance at Gerry's wild ways, but manages to overcome these to propose marriage. Gerry too is doubtful that her wandering days are over, and wonders if she can live the staid existence on offer, despite her love for Ray. Things come to a head when she and Steve, both clearly affected by the backpacking bug, are caught drinking vodka atop a tall pylon. Abseiling recklessly to face an angry Ray, she and Steve are fired on the spot. In a confronation, Gerry tells Ray that she cannot commit to the relationship, nor be tied down. Meanwhile, Ray's friendship with an increasingly jealous Steve is also in trouble, and the younger man moves out of the flat, planning his own travels to India. He and Gerry have a brief sexual encounter, but back out when they recognise the wrongs of their actions. Gerry waits on Ray's doorstep, hoping for some form of reconciliation, but is rejected. Upset, and undertaking a solo rock climb, she falls and is hospitalised with serious injuries. As Ray is being told this by an emotional Steve, the pylons are electrified as Ray's gang are still at work, and the crew are lucky to escape without electrocution. This heralds the end of the summer's work, and their elusive paymaster Derek, the electricity company official, arrives on the scene. He is apologetic at the mistake, but cannot say when the workers will receive their pay. The film ends on an uncertain note, with Steve departing for India, a recovered Gerry deciding to return to Australia, and Ray left standing on the Moors contemplating his scant options."] ["The Road Home  is the story of childhood friends Danny  and Missy . Danny has dreams of making it in Major League Baseball while Missy doesn't really dream of anything except happiness. Danny rescues her from her abusive father in High School and the two become inseparable. Inseparable, that is, until life comes between them. Danny goes off to college to pursue baseball where he helps a friend who never played little league learn how to become a long ball hitter. Between Danny and John they lead their team to the college World Series. While this is happening, Missy gets mixed up with a guy who takes seductive pictures of her and paves the way for her to become a super model. During the College World Series Danny is hit by a line drive and knocked unconscious. Battling for his life, Missy leaves her boyfriend  to be with Danny at the hospital. Eventually pulling through, Danny and Missy become closer than ever until baseball once again comes between them. Danny sets Missy free to concentrate on the game. Missy eventually gets pregnant and agrees to marry the man she met after Danny's accident,and whose baby she is carrying. Missing Missy more and more, Danny gets released from his Minor League contract when he finds it hard to concentrate on baseball without Missy. Danny eventually gets back into baseball and Missy, now separated from her husband, begins reconciling with her estranged father. Danny finally gets called up to the majors with the Los Angeles Dodgers in his final minor league, Missy goes into labor at her father's house. Missy's father gets her to the hospital and as the baby is born Danny throws his arm out pitching. Four years later, Danny is a coach for his old high school team. Missy is in the stands with her daughter Carol, now a published poet. Danny agrees to take her out to celebrate. That night at Danny's home Missy tells him that when Carol was born she came to the realization that she lived her whole life in denial of her feelings for Danny and that she's not afraid of those feelings anymore. Danny's feelings for her have never changed and they promise each other to one day be married, which in the final scene they are."] ['The plot revolves around billionaire Jean-Marc Clement  who learns that he is to be satirized in an off-Broadway revue. After going to the theatre, he sees Amanda Dell  rehearsing the Cole Porter song "My Heart Belongs to Daddy", and by accident the director thinks him an actor suitable to play himself in the revue. Clement takes the part in order to see more of Amanda and plays along with the mistaken identity, going by the name Alexander Dumas. Frankie Vaughan appears as a singer in the revue, while Milton Berle, Gene Kelly, and Bing Crosby appear in cameo roles as themselves trying to teach Clement how to deliver jokes, dance, and sing, respectively. Tony Randall in a supporting role portrays Clement\'s conflicted flunky.'] ['At the start of the story, the death of Associate Justice Stanley Moorehead has created a vacancy on the United States Supreme Court. The new appointee turns out to be Ruth Loomis, a staunch conservative, who is confirmed as the first female US Supreme Court Justice. She and Associate Justice Daniel Snow, a committed liberal and many years older than Loomis, clash intellectually on just about every judicial issue before them. One case involves a pornographic film and arguments about freedom of speech. With time, the two characters develop a liking and respect for each other.'] ['Gilbert Noble ([[Chris Klein  takes a stray cat named "Ringo" to the animal pound where he works. Gilbert gets his haircut by a beautiful young hairdresser named Josephine "Jo" Wingfield ([[Heather Graham . As Jo cuts Gilbert\'s hair, she mentions that she lost a tail-less cat named Ringo a while ago, leading Gilbert to tell her that Ringo is at the pound. Immediately after this revelation, Jo accidentally cuts off a part of Gilbert\'s ear, and he is rushed to the hospital. To make up for the incident, Jo invites Gilbert to her house for lunch the next day, where Gilbert meets Jo\'s self-centered mother, Valdine , and stroke-suffering father, Walter . After lunch, Gilbert and Jo start dating, and fall in love. Gilbert and Jo eventually have sex for the first time. Just as Gilbert prepares to propose to Jo, he receives a call from a detective  who has been searching for Gilbert\'s long-lost mother. Apparently, the detective has come up with the news that Gilbert\'s mother is really Valdine Wingfield, which shocks everyone. Jo leaves the Wingfield home, and Gilbert stays there while the news spreads that they had sex as siblings. 16 months later, a surprise comes to the Wingfield doorstep in the form of a young man named Leon Pitofsky  who claims to be Valdine and Walter\'s son, and presents his birth certificate as proof. Valdine and Walter feel better for a few moments before angrily lashing out at Gilbert and forcing him to leave. Gilbert runs for his life and flees Indiana to tell Jo, who now lives in Oregon, the news. Valdine phones the police station in the county where Jo lives, and reports Gilbert as a sexual predator in order to stop Gilbert from telling Jo. She tells the police to keep the whole thing quiet, but the police prove to be just as corrupt as the criminals they capture and hang "Wanted" posters all over Gilbert\'s destination town, depicting Gilbert as a "sexual predator". On his way to the town, Gilbert hits a legless middle-aged African-American named Dig McCaffrey . After stopping to help Dig, Gilbert offers Dig a ride. When they part, Dig tells Gilbert that he is one eighth Chippewa, , and that Gilbert saved his life, and therefore Dig is in debt to Gilbert. He offers Gilbert directions and hands him a business card should he ever need him. Gilbert is soon spotted by people who saw the posters, and is immediately shunned by the society as a "pervert". Meanwhile, Josephine becomes engaged to Jack Mitchelson , a rich and powerful young man who secretly deals in cocaine and marijuana, and controls over half the county by paying off numerous politicians. Valdine keeps on pushing Josephine to marry Jack, although Josephine still loves Gilbert. Gilbert tries to hide from the authorities, and Dig frequently aids him in his escape from muggers and killers. Ultimately, after many escapades with fellow patient, Mr. Campisi , Gilbert manages to find Leon, Valdine\'s real son. To win Josephine back, Gilbert and Dig make a plan to change Josephine\'s mind before the impending wedding. The plan backfires when Leon gets away from Dig. Gilbert finds himself with his hand inside a cow\'s rectum, and Josephine sees him. In another attempt, he displays a sign with the message "JO! I\'M NOT YOUR BROTHER! MARRY ME!" across the sky from a plane before Gilbert is arrested and sent to an asylum—after the word "NOT" is ripped off by a nearby tree as they take off in Dig\'s plane. Ultimately, Gilbert is not able to stop Josephine from marrying Mitchelson. Police arrive at the marriage scene to inform that Gilbert died in car accident, which was actually an act of sabotage by Leon. But unknown to everyone, Gilbert was not driving the car at the time of the accident. One of Mitchelson\'s goons had taken the car from Gilbert and the ashes are his. Walter makes a good recovery and reveals to Josephine that Valdine conspired to destroy their relationship and force Josephine into marrying Mitchelson. Also, the news that Valdine is Gilbert\'s mother was fed to the detective by Mitchelson. Josephine defies Valdine for the first time which proves to be too much for Valdine to handle, and Valdine has a stroke and falls unconscious while attacking Leon, who also participated in interrupting the wedding. Thinking that Gilbert is dead, Josephine goes back to the roof of the animal shelter where they used to hang out to disperse Gilbert\'s ashes and to give him the one gun salute that Gilbert used to give dogs who were about to be put to sleep. Gilbert, who has just begun working at his old job, sees her and mistakenly believes that she wants to commit suicide. They are finally reunited on the roof of the same animal shelter which was a catalyst for their coming together. A few months later, Gilbert and Josephine are married, and Walter, Valdine, Leon, Dig and many other people attend, with Walter on his feet and Valdine in a wheelchair after her stroke. Also, as a surprise wedding present, Gilbert\'s mother agent turns up and tells Gilbert that he has truly found his mother. In an ironic twist, Gilbert\'s mother turns out to be Suzanne Somers, a famous actress/sex symbol about whom Gilbert used to fantasize while masturbating. ; Alternative ending The DVD includes an extended ending where, after Gilly discovers his mother\'s identity, we cut to him and Jo on the roof to his vet office - Gilly got his vet - and he says that there is are only lonely people, then they kiss and live happily ever after.'] ['Each of them has very little of a life, apart from their tedious jobs and meeting each other in the café. Sean hasn\'t met his girlfriend for three weeks and is beginning to wonder if she still lives in his apartment. Vincent is a womanizer who makes a rule of never seeing a girl more than three times. Lenny thinks of every woman he sees as a porn actress but can\'t even pluck up the courage to talk to a workmate that he wants to ask out for a date. Jody can\'t force herself to tell the other three that she was fired from her job, but still shows up after her "shift" every night to talk. Jody tries to convince Sean to go home early to see Madeline, but despite making it as far as the train station, Sean doesn\'t go home. Meanwhile Sean strikes up an unusual friendship with the girlfriend of a coma patient; she confides in him that at the time of the accident she was about to end their relationship. As Lenny confides in Vincent what he describes as \'porno reactions\' Vincent spots an attractive young woman in the café, he talks to her and they return to her flat, while she is in the shower Lenny discovers she is Madeline, Sean\'s girlfriend. Meanwhile Sean and Lenny are in Lenny\'s car, they stop at a garage, Sean reveals his regret of letting what he describes as \'the fear\' holding him back as a teenager and then as an adult. Madeline wakes up and realises what she did the night before and is full of regret. Sean and the coma victim\'s girlfriend have an encounter at the hospital. Sean confesses to Jody what has happened, the same night Vincent\'s colleague Joe has a heart attack after seeing the clock turn backwards, this proves to be fatal. Vincent goes to the hospital in the ambulance where Joe is taken, he crosses paths with Sean and in a moment of humanity he confesses to have slept with Madeline, Sean at first things this is Vincent\'s idea of a joke, then realises it isn\'t, this causes him to kick Vincent to the floor. He then returns to the flat he shares with Madeline to discover she has moved out. The telephone rings, the caller never speaks and then hangs up, Sean traces the call to find out where the call came from, and discovers its a small town where Madeline\'s friend has an aunt. Sean tells the group he is going, Lenny and Jody insist on going. On the journey Jody insists on turning the radio on in the car despite Lenny\'s protests, the radio proves to be a metaphor for the characters lives as the soundtrack is to none of their tastes, cannot be switched off or changed. Lenny spots Vincent at the side of the road, Sean crushes Vincent\'s favourite possession, a watch that belonged to Errol Flynn. Unable to find Madeline the group gather in a cafe and Jody confesses that she lost her job. Vincent and Lenny leave to play crazy golf, Madeline and Gail appear and discover that Lenny and Vincent know each other, much to their confusion. Jody makes a reference to the lion, tin man and scarecrow reference. Sean leaves the cafe and Jody makes plans for when she returns to the city, Madeline appears in the cafe crying, Jody works out that the crying girl she has never seen before is Madeline, the next scene Jody appears in she is alone in the café, when Sean appears she tells him Madeline is waiting for him at the pier. Jody goes into the café toilets and asks the crying girl if she is Madeline, meanwhile Lenny, Madeline, Vincent and Gail play crazy golf. Sean walks to the pier but there is no sign of Madeline, but she soon appears having been told by Jody that Sean being there is a sign of how much he cares. Madeline and Sean confess to each other what they did, Madeline tells the reasons that she slept with Vincent and that she thinks their relationship has been ruined. On the way back the group stops at a motorway service station, Lenny shows Gail a sleight of hand trick, and later confesses to the group he has asked her out and been turned down, but this is still seen as progress. Madeline insists that Sean has photobooth pictures taken with her; they disagree over who should keep the flat, the final picture in the photobooth is of them kissing. The final scene takes place in a tunnel, the radio is on in the car and playing \'These Dreams\' by Heart, Gail reaches for the stereo and changes it to a station playing Sunday Shining, a noticeably more upbeat song, the radio acts as a metaphor for the mood of the group once again, this time much more optimistic than before.'] ["Jane Berry is a successful, single entrepreneur. On a Christmas, when she is driving back home in her Jaguar, she has an accident and hits a pole. Sam  comes to her rescue to take her out from her wagon now and tells her that he's her husband for the last 10 years and she has 2 children with him. 10 years ago she had dumped her boyfriend and left her job for Sam. Jane is confused by her new world, where she is a new Jane who is completely different from the previous Jane. Slowly she starts getting used to her new life. After an argument with her parents at Christmas dinner, she is completely impressed by Sam and her family. She kisses Sam and again swoons, finding herself in her Jaguar again after that accident. Sam comes to her rescue and she is back in her original world. She tells Sam that she knows him and is in love with him, which Sam is shocked to hear. They move together to Sam's house to lead a happy life in future.http://www.mylifetime.com/movies/comfort-and-joy"] ["Nick Murder  is an iron worker who has been married for years to Kitty , who works as a seamstress and is the mother of Nick's three daughters. While Nick loves his wife, his head is turned by Tula , a sexy lingerie salesgirl, and soon they're having a passionate affair. When Kitty discovers the infidelity, she becomes enraged and kicks him out, forcing him to decide what he really wants from life and what's most important to him. Along the way, many of the characters periodically turn to their favorite songs to explain and amplify their emotions, lip-synching along with the original recordings."] ['Jean Harrington  is a beautiful con artist. Along with her equally larcenous father, "Colonel" Harrington  and his partner Gerald , she is out to fleece rich, naive Charles Pike , the heir to the Pike Ale fortune . Pike is a woman-shy snake expert just returning from a year-long expedition up the Amazon. Though surrounded by ladies desperate for his attention, Charles is putty in Jean\'s hands. But even the best laid plans can go astray. First, Jean falls hard for Pike and shields him from her card sharp father. Then, when Pike\'s suspicious minder/valet Muggsy  discovers the truth about her and her father, Pike dumps her. Furious at being scorned, she re-enters his life masquerading as the posh "Lady Eve Sidwich", niece of Sir Alfred McGlennan Keith , another con man who\'s been swindling the rich folk of Connecticut. Jean is determined to torment Pike mercilessly, as she explains, "I\'ve got some unfinished business with him—I need him like the axe needs the turkey." When Pike meets "Eve", he is so bewildered he constantly trips and falls over himself. Although Muggsy tries to convince him "she\'s the same dame", Pike reasons that Jean would never come close to his home without at least disguising herself, so he concludes the resemblance is only a coincidence. After a brief courtship, they marry, and on the train to their honeymoon, "Eve" begins to confess her past, dropping name after name after name of old boyfriends and lovers. Pike finally gets fed up and jumps off the train. Now separated, Jean\'s con team urges her to close the deal, saying she\'s got him over a barrel and can make a killing in a settlement. While Charles\' father and lawyers are on the phone with her pleading to settle quickly, Jean says she doesn\'t want any money at all, just for Pike to tell her it\'s over to her face. Pike refuses, and through his father Jean learns that he\'s departing on another ocean voyage. She arranges her own passage, and "bumps into" Pike, just as they met before. "Hopsie" is overjoyed to see Jean again, and they instantly dash to her cabin where they mutually affirm their love for each other. Charles confesses that he is married, and Jean replies tenderly, "So am I, darling."'] ["Taylor Worth is a devastatingly handsome and charming weatherman for a Philadelphia television station. A confirmed bachelor, he sees a lot of women and gains the envy of his closest friends. One of them, Ned Broudy, offers Taylor a wager, that he cannot get three randomly chosen women to fall in love with him over a three-month period of time and accept a proposal of marriage. Taylor takes the bet, putting up his weekend cabin against a valuable painting that Ned and Clair Broudy own. Clair knows nothing of the bet, so she is pleased when her husband fixes up Taylor with her friend Veronica Briskow, a concert pianist. Ned is sure that the haughty Veronica will have nothing in common with a shallow TV weatherman, but Taylor does find a way to attract her interest. The remaining two women Taylor must persuade to fall in love with him are Erin Cooper, a sexy Philadelphia Eagles receptionist, and Eleanor Larimore, an attractive older woman. The choice of Eleanor is a dirty trick on Ned's part, inasmuch as she is already married. Eager to teach Ned a lesson, Taylor quickly seduces Erin, then proposes marriage to her in front of a hidden TV camera. This causes jealousy in her protective friend Tarry Childs, who plays for the football team, but he wants Erin to be happy. And although Taylor doesn't have many scruples, he refuses to sleep with Erin after learning she is still a virgin. His next mission is Eleanor. It turns out she is unsatisfied at home and a willing participant when Taylor flirts with her while posing as a shoe salesman, engaging him in dangerous sex in public places. She, too, accepts Taylor's secretly filmed marriage proposal -- two down and one to go. Veronica won't be easy. She is career-minded and not eager for marriage. Plus the sex between her and Taylor is surprisingly disappointing so far. The more time they spend together, though, Taylor realizes he doesn't want to lose Veronica after the wager is won. He proposes at his cabin and she accepts. Clair is delighted, Ned devastated. Then the real trouble begins. Taylor first needs to break it off with Erin, disappointing her desire to start a family, which he does by pretending to be impotent. Eleanor, alas, is enjoying her improved sex life and brags about it openly to Clair and Veronica. It becomes clear that three women are seeing the same man. Taylor is dumped by his fiancees. Erin finds solace in the arms of her football player while Eleanor takes pleasure in Taylor's humiliation at being exposed for what he really is, but Veronica is genuinely heartbroken. A broken man, Taylor tells his friend Ned to forget the bet. As a grand gesture, he makes a public apology to Veronica at a benefit auction in a giant hall, expressing his love and his desire to be with her for everybody to hear."] ["Dag  is a successful director of television commercials who shares his home with his beautiful girlfriend, Halley . Dag, however, has a serious case of roving eye and is given to frequent flings with other women. Halley tries to turn a blind eye to Dag's infidelity, but when she discovers he had a one-night stand with Rebecca , a beautiful but troubled modern dancer who is dating Dag's close friend Peter , she decides things have gone too far. Halley gives Dag his walking papers and she soon makes the acquaintance of Andre , a very handsome and well-mannered classical musician. Andre, however, is married to Colleen , a woman with exotic sexual tastes who meets up with Peter, now suddenly without a girlfriend, on an airline flight. Meanwhile, Peter's very angry confrontation with Dag attracts the attention of Paula , a mysterious but very sexy woman who has taken a decidedly carnal interest in Peter. However, as Paula makes her way through Peter's daisy-chained circle of friends, events begin taking a strange turn as her new acquaintances begin dropping like flies."] ["The film is about the coming of age of two sisters and their friend through the romantic lives of the three main characters: Kat Araujo , Daisy Araujo , and Jojo Barbosa , who are waitresses at Mystic Pizza in Mystic, Connecticut. In the film, Mystic is represented as a fishing town with a large Portuguese American population. The film also touches on an Old World work ethic. Kat and Daisy are sisters and rivals: Kat studies astronomy, works at a local planetarium, as well as the restaurant, and has been accepted to attend Yale University on a partial scholarship. Daisy just wants to find love through lust while trying to get out of Mystic. Kat is the apple of her Portuguese mother's eye, while Daisy is not: she is promiscuous and is not as goal-oriented as her younger sister. There is also a dynamic between Kat's Anglo-American employer, a father who has hired her to look after his young daughter while his wife is away, and the resulting relationship between them. The class distinctions and variant European heritages are explored in various scenes of the film."] ["A peanut vendor sights a man named Sam Sawyer attempting suicide by jumping off a cliff into the waters below. The vendor offers a free bag of peanuts to hear Sam's story of what brought him to make such a decision. Through flashback Sam relates that he and his wife Emily made their way to Niagara Falls for their honeymoon. On the way there Sam and Emily sight a bickering young couple named Tom and Margie who they later see at their hotel. Tom and Margie are two strangers who met through automobile accidents that have destroyed their cars, leaving them furious with each other. Unknown to each other, Tom and Margie hitch rides to the same hotel they both plan to stay at. Once at the hotel Sam sees Tom and Margie arguing and Sam wrongly assumes they are married but having a quarrel. He offers his and Emily's reserved bridal suite to the couple so they can be reconciled. As the two are not keen on the idea, Sam marches them at gunpoint into the smaller room he and Emily had taken in exchange for the bridal suite, and locks them in. To the distress of Emily, Sam is so keen on bringing the couple together he stays up all night with his large revolver facing their room to prevent escape attempts. During the night the young couple realise they are in love, and have a minister and a witness, who are hotel guests, marry them. In the morning Sam and the management of the hotel discover that the couple really were not married after all. The female guests of the hotel demand they all be evicted in shame."] ['Anna Foster  is the daughter of President of the United States James Foster . After Secret Service agents ruin a first date, Anna demands less supervision. For his upcoming trip to Prague, the president agrees to assign only two agents to watch over Anna, whose Secret Service codename is Liberty. In Prague, Anna and her friend Gabrielle La Clare  attend a concert, where Anna discovers numerous agents in the crowd. Believing her father has broken his promise, Anna eludes her protectors with Gabrielle\'s help. Outside the theater, she asks Ben Calder  for a ride on his motorbike. Unknown to Anna, Ben is a Secret Service agent, and he informs agents Alan Weiss  and Cynthia Morales  where she can be found. When the president learns of her behavior, he instructs Ben to guard Anna without revealing his true identity, to give her the illusion of freedom with a guarantee of safety. Believing she is finally free, Anna jumps into the Vltava River naked, mistaking it for the Danube, and she and Ben climb a rooftop to watch an Offenbach opera being shown in a plaza. The next morning, Anna calls her parents. Initially relieved that his daughter is safe, the President\'s tone changes when he is shown photos of her undressing. Outraged at her father\'s tone, Anna decides she will go to the Love Parade in Berlin. She and Ben board a train, where they meet Scotty McGruff , a flighty romantic who gives them a stack of Six Million Dollar Man stickers, instructing them to post them in random places, and one day when they are unhappy, they may come across one and it will make them smile. Ben discovers that they have boarded a Venice-bound train going in the opposite direction from Berlin. In Venice, after checking in with agents Weiss and Morales—who are now growing closer romantically—Ben joins Anna and McGruff and together they explore the city. After McGruff leaves, Anna realizes he has stolen her wallet. When Anna is recognized by tourists, she and Ben flee. With no money, they tell a kind-hearted gondolier, Eugenio ([[Joseph Long , that they recently married against her parents\' wishes. During the free gondola ride, Ben kisses Anna to hide her from their pursuers. When he learns the "newlyweds" have no place to stay, Eugenio invites them to his house, where they are welcomed by his mother, Maria . That night, thinking their kiss was heartfelt, Anna offers herself to Ben, but he rejects her advances. The next day, Eugenio drives them to the Austrian border, as Weiss and Morales show up at Maria\'s house and learn from Maria that Anna and Ben are married, which is then reported to Anna\'s parents. Upset at Ben\'s rejection, Anna hitchhikes a ride in a truck, leaving Ben to chase her through the Austrian countryside. Anna comes to a bridge, where she meets the Jumping Germans, a bungee jumping group. Ben arrives just as Anna is being strapped into the harness, and insists on jumping with her. Later that evening at the Jumping Germans\' camp, one of the Germans asks Anna to share his tent for the night. She refuses and flirts with Ben, who rejects her advances again. Upset, she declares that she will share the German\'s tent after all; Ben finally admits his feelings for Anna and they spend the night together. At the Love Parade, as Ben explains his actions on the phone to his fellow agents, Anna discovers his identity. Enraged at the apparent betrayal, Anna runs off, only to be harassed by a group of men who recognize her. Ben rescues her, and Anna and her family return to the United States. While preparing for college, Anna reveals to her mother that her heart is "a little bit broken." At college, with Weiss and Morales  still protecting her, Anna sees a Six Million Dollar Man sticker which reminds her of her European adventure. During Christmas break Anna\'s father tells her that Ben resigned from the Secret Service and is working as a photographer in London. During an exchange program to Oxford University Anna visits Ben at an opera, where they kiss, reconcile, and escape on his motorbike with secret service following.'] ["On the closing night of a Broadway play, leading actress Frances Elliott {Ann Sothern) hosts a party attended by many guests, including her eccentric father Gregory , who is also an actor; her seventeen-year-old daughter, Nancy Barklay , an aspiring actress; and Brazilian playwright Ricardo Domingos, who is considering starring Frances in his next play. Frances eagerly pursues the part in Ricardo's play, and though she is virtually assured of the role, Ricardo asks her not publicize the news until a final decision is made. Later, Ricardo privately tells Frances' producer that Frances may not be right for the part and that he had a younger actress in mind. Then, when Ricardo meets Nancy, he instantly knows that he has found the perfect young woman for the role. The next day, Frances sets sail for Rio de Janeiro, where she intends to vacation and devote herself to studying her lines. Gregory accompanies Frances to Rio, while Nancy, who is about to star in a small stock company play, goes to Connecticut. After observing Nancy's acting abilities, Ricardo offers her the part that he promised Frances. Nancy accepts the role, though she is unaware that Ricardo has already promised it to her mother. Seeking the quiet she needs to study for the part, Nancy follows her mother and grandfather to Rio. On board the ship, businessman Paul Berten overhears Nancy rehearsing her lines and mistakenly concludes that she is a deserted wife and an expectant mother. Paul takes pity on Nancy and enlists the help of his business partner, Marina Rodrigues , to counsel the young girl. Nancy does not know that Paul is trying to help her and mistakes his paternal concern for a marriage proposal. She rejects Paul's apparent proposal, and bids him farewell when the ship reaches Rio. Soon after she is reunited with her mother, Nancy overhears her rehearsing her lines and immediately realizes that they are studying for the same part. The revelation devastates Nancy and prompts her to bow out of the play. She does not tell her mother that she was set to star in Ricardo's play, and instead informs her that she came to Rio to get married. Confusion abounds when Nancy later visits Paul at his office and tries to accept the marriage proposal she thought he had made. Paul is perplexed by her behavior, and still thinks that Nancy is pregnant and troubled. He sends her home to talk to her mother about her situation, but Nancy misunderstands him and thinks that he meant for her to discuss their impending marriage with her mother. Marina follows Nancy to her mother's house, and privately tells Frances about Nancy's supposed pregnancy. The confusion is heightened when Frances misunderstands her daughter's anguish and concludes that she must be pregnant by Paul. Frances demands a private meeting with Paul, during which he reveals his romantic attraction to Frances. Frances leaves Paul in disgust, but the situation is soon clarified when Paul tells Gregory that he had only just met Nancy on the boat. Gregory immediately recognizes Nancy's supposed predicament from the story of the play that Frances was reading, and explains the situation to Frances. When Frances learns the truth about Paul, she changes her impression of him and they embark on a romance. After announcing her engagement to Paul, Frances withdraws from Ricardo's play and suggests Nancy as her replacement. All ends happily when the show opens in New York with Nancy in the starring role."] ['Amy Post  is a $20-a-trick hooker in Mobile, Alabama. One night she entertains Elmore Pratt , an ex-boxer who has just been fired from his job at a car wash. He cannot pay her for services rendered. Pratt punches a plainclothes police officer. He and the prostitute hit the road together, intending to head for California, bickering along the way.'] ["This movie is a retelling of the Cinderella fairy tale in a modern setting, with Mary Santiago , a high school student with ambitions of becoming a dancer, taking the role of Cinderella; Tami  Mary's only friend as her fairy godmother; Dominique Blatt  taking the role of the stepmother; Britt  and Bree  as the two stepsisters; and Joey Parker, , now a famous celebrity that has returned to school for his senior year and to remember why he started dancing, as the prince. A school dance substitutes for the ball, with the role of the glass slipper filled by a Zune.{{cite web}}"] ['Peggy is a Follies dancer who forsakes her life of carefree attachments in order to meet her goal of marrying a millionaire. Alas, her elderly husband, broker C. Morton Gibson, is a well-meaning bore, and soon Peggy begins seeking entertainment elsewhere. A year after their marriage, three significant events occur almost simultaneously. Peggy\'s former boyfriend, Paul Lockridge, a composer and pianist who is in love with her and seems to have a funny quip for every occasion, returns from Paris. She reunites with him as he offers her his companionship as a diversion from her stuffy life. Also, Ralph Le Saint, a young devil-may-care sculptor who is still in love with Peggy, plans his suicide in a mood of bitterness, and Gibson\'s daughter, Marjorie, returns from schooling abroad. Marjorie is soon paired with Ralph, and the romance that develops between them is paralleled by the adult affair between Peggy and Paul. Ralph and Marjorie\'s escapades result in considerable trouble for Morton, while Paul implores Peggy to go to Paris with him, declaring "You are rich--dirty rich. You are dying. You need laughter to make you clean," but she refuses. When Marjorie plans to elope with Ralph, Peggy exposes the sculptor as a fortune hunter, and dejected, he commits suicide. As a result, Peggy confesses her unhappiness to Gibson, then joins Paul and laughter in Paris.'] ['{{plot}} The four couples prepare for their next marriage retreat. Sheila and her new husband, Troy, are the first to arrive to the Bahamas, following  Patricia and Gavin, Terry and Dianne, and, lastly, Angela and Marcus. The men and the women separate to talk about the good and bad about their marriages. Sheila\'s ex-husband, Mike, arrives, and Angela immediately starts a fight until he leaves the women alone to go see the guys. That night, Mike talks about his and Sheila\'s relationship, which angers Troy. Dianne accidentally calls Terry "Phil" in the course of conversation. Angela is insistent about getting the password to Marcus\' cell phone because she distrusts him, but Marcus distracts her using sex. Dianne and Terry hear arguing later and think it\'s Angela and Marcus but it turns out to be Patricia and Gavin. When Dianne goes to investigate, she finds Patricia but cannot get Patricia to tell her what\'s wrong. The next morning Sheila makes it clear that though Mike says he misses her, she is completely over him. At the beach the women meet an elderly couple after they accidentally throw a friend\'s ashes on Angela. Sheila invites them to dinner and they accept. At the "Why Did I Get Married" ceremony, Patricia announces that she and Gavin are getting a divorce in front of everyone. Gavin walks away from her upset because he didn\'t know she was going to announce it to them. Back in Atlanta, Gavin and his lawyer meet Patricia with her lawyer, Dianne. Patricia and Gavin have decided to split everything down the middle in the settlement, but Gavin reveals that Patricia has not offered up the account with money from her books. Patricia refuses to give Gavin any money from this, but as Patricia leaves, Gavin stops Dianne and tells her to tell Patricia to "prepare for a fight". He intends to get half of that account as well. Angela comes home and Angela\'s neighbor stops her and tells her she\'s been hearing sexual noises from the house when Angela is not home. Angela believes Marcus is cheating and confronts him live on his television show. Marcus gives up his phone and password to her. Gavin comes home very drunk and confronts Patricia. He takes their son\'s baby photos and taunts her about her perceived lack of emotions, even at their divorce and their son\'s death. He then assaults her and douses her in Vodka, then burns the photos. Elsewhere, Mike agrees to help find Troy a job. Angela lectures Dianne and Sheila about how all men cheat. Patricia catches Gavin, Terry, and Marcus moving Gavin\'s things out and finds out that Gavin has taken all their money, even her book money, and Patricia trashes the house with Gavin\'s golf clubs. Angela comes home early to catch Marcus cheating, but after shooting up the room notices that it was just the gardener and the maid having sex. Terry finally confronts Dianne and she reveals she has been having an emotional affair. Marcus and Angela fight, then reconcile, then fight again after Angela finds out Marcus has another phone. Troy arrives at Mike\'s apartment after finding out Mike got him his police job. He finds Sheila there and attacks Mike angrily. Sheila tearfully confesses that she has been taking Mike to chemotherapy. Troy apologizes to Mike for the incident, who forgives him and invites Troy to have a drink with him and the guys, beginning a new friendship. Mike tells the men to fix their marriages because life is too short. After being humiliated at his job, harassed and told off by an angry Patricia, Gavin is struck and gravely injured by a truck. While the others wait to hear the status of his condition, a tearful and regretful Patricia instructs the wives to fix their marriages , and everyone makes up. Unfortunately, Gavin\'s surgeon informs them that he has died. A memorial service is later held by all the remaining couples, and the remaining men, Terry, Mike, Troy and Marcus, fly off balloons to commemorate Gavin\'s passing. Patricia, now widowed, is asked out by a person named Daniel Franklin , whom  her books helped him get through a tough divorce, for coffee, and agrees and smiles as the film ends.'] ['A group of parents of fourth-grade students addresses how the school should deal with sex education. But sexuality is still an unresolved issue for many of the parents themselves. Sexo con Amor is the story of how three of these couples are ambushed by their own erotic passions. They each profess undying love to their partners while hopping enthusiastically on a merry-go-round of physical relations with one another, leading to sometimes tragic and sometimes hilarious effects.'] ["Simon Joel Edgerton is a decent fellow, married to a lovely woman Danielle Cormack, living comfortably with two children. He has grown tired of the lack of sex and is attracted to a cellist friend of his wife, Katrien, played by Rhona Mitra. Katrien's husband is played by Thomas Kretschmann. The two become fascinated with each other, but don't immediately start an affair. She doesn't want to destroy his greatest appeal, which is that he is upright and reliable. They eventually attempt some meetings, but something always goes wrong. Either he arrives late and the children are coming, or he ejaculates prematurely. Then they discover that they are both going to be in Germany the same week. He books a hotel room in Berlin, where he and his boss are attending a convention, and Katrien comes to his room. But before they manage to have sex, his wife surprises him by showing up also! Katrien escapes to an adjacent room through an interconnecting door and Simon and his wife make violent love, which Katrien hears through the wall, and she gets upset because they were just about to have sex and he is having sex with his wife. Simon's wife sees him sneak into the hallway during a speech and hears Katriens voice on the other end of his phone, figures out what they are doing, and flies back to Wellington angry. She soon asks for a separation. Simon profeses his love to Katrien, but she says she doesn't love him, and he goes back to Wellington to live near to his wife and children, whom he sees often. His wife eventually forgives him and as the movie ends, we find that Katriens accepted a job with an orchestra and lives blocks away from her ex husband who now takes care of the kids. Early on in the film the five or six wives suggest that the men form an encounter group that meets regularly. At least one of the wives makes it a condition that her husband would be allowed back in the house. The discussions are amusing, but the group disbands after a session that turns into a free-for-all fist fight."] ['The film is narrated in flashback by Jake Briggs , a young aspiring playwright, culminating in the production of one of his plays off-Broadway by agent Carl Fisher . The play is a flop, at least in part because the lead parts are given to two actors, Dana Coles and Jason Brett , who are "not right" for the roles. Along the journey, Jake reviews his relationships with girlfriend Joanne , best friend Chris , his mother Shirley , and his mostly absentee father Roman . The film ends with Jake and Joanne going their separate ways, mostly because of competing career goals, and Jake hoping to write more plays with greater success.'] ["Gus , an electrician, wants to purchase a bowling alley with his friends. The problem is that he still pays alimony to his ex-wife, Leonora . Gus, realizing that if he can get Leonora to remarry the alimony stops, attempts to match-make Leonora with various men. James Gandolfini has a small part as one of Lenora's would-be suitors. In the course of his match-making, and after Gus breaks up with his girlfriend, Rita , Gus and Leonora discover that they still care about each other."] ["Overworked air-traffic controller Jack Chester takes his wife Sandy and children Jennifer, Bobby and Laurie on a summer vacation from the Atlanta area to fictitious Citrus Cove, Florida, during which they are constantly beset by a never-ending barrage of problems. First they move into the wrong house by mistake, then Jack receives a leg injury that prevents him from being able to spend time with his family. The family ends up in a fairly decrepit shack on a public beach in Florida, with a constant stream of vacationers tromping through. Jack locks horns with pompous local sailing champion Al Pellet, the owner of this dubious piece of real estate. About to be evicted early, Jack proposes a wager -- if he can win this year's regatta, Al must allow the Chesters to stay rent-free. The trouble is, Jack hasn't sailed for many years and he doesn't even have a boat. Scully, a local saloon keeper with a pirate's mentality, befriends Jack and volunteers to help him on both counts. The bored Chesters come to life by helping Jack make his new vessel seaworthy. This motley crew is at first glance no match for Al or anybody else in the race, but a strong breeze and a large pair of pants enable Jack to enjoy a victory at sea."] ["The films captures the angst of a worker, in Mumbai exemplified by a young Christian car mechanic, Albert Pinto  who is under the illusion that if he works hard and emulates the rich, one day he can also be successful. He makes friendly relations with his customers, who are usually the rich of the city and who keep telling him that good workers do not go on strike. Strikes are the handiwork of lumpen elements. Pinto gets angry with the supposedly wrong attitudes of the workers who he assumes go on strike under any pretext. However when Pinto's father, who is a mill worker is abused by the lumpen elements hired by the mill owners, he realizes that it is not the workers but the capitalists who should be blamed for the plight of the workers. He also realizes the legitimacy of strikes. Towards the end of the movie, Pinto still remains an angry man; but now his anger is directed against the capitalists, not the striking workers. Anglo-Indians in Indian cinema Screen, 10 October 2009."] ['John Candy plays Jack Gable, a nearly out-of-work soap opera writer, whose product, like him, is now dated. The show he produces, All My Dreams, takes place in Ashford Falls, a wealthy, sleepy suburb of New York City. Laura  plays Rachel Hedison, a woman who stops at nothing to acquire wealth and power. Jack\'s situation is only worsened by his despicable work associates who would sooner show him the door than work with him. Behind his back, they commission Arnie Federman, another writer, to rewrite his script, setting one of the themes for the movie. His associates want to write Laura out of the script due to the high cost of keeping her on the cast. They attempt to create a new character, Janet DuBois , to replace her and will be less costly with a new actress. Meanwhile, Jack has a one-sided infatuation with Laura, who humors and uses him but has no romantic interest in him. A fight with her boyfriend, however, leads her to call and ask to accompany him on a weekend trip to Vermont. He melts to the suggestion and as he loads her luggage in his Oldsmobile sedan\'s trunk, she makes up with her boyfriend and, as they kiss passionately on the sidewalk, the trunk lid suddenly pops open and strikes Jack on the chin, knocking him unconscious. When he awakens, he proceeds on his trip, only to be involved in a car accident. Upon waking from the crash, Jack finds himself in Ashford Falls Community Hospital, the same one in which his soap opera takes place. Thinking himself the victim of a prank by the actors, he goes to the window to confirm his suspicions, only to find the view beyond the glass is entirely of his own creation. Incredulous, he checks out of the hospital and makes his way to a motel, where he looks into getting his car repaired. When a conversation with the local auto mechanic  goes nowhere, he types in his typewriter that the mechanic calls him and tells him his radiator is fixed, only to have the words magically disappear from the page. A few seconds later, the phone rings and he suddenly finds out that his car is fixed. At this point he begins to explore the town, and in doing so he discovers that he is living within his own soap opera, a world in which he and his typewriter can control events. However, so can Arnie Federman in the "real world," which causes events to roll back and forth as he and Jack rewrite events back and forth, creating paradox after paradox. Jack seizes his newfound power to pursue Rachel. Despite his inventive writing skills, she manages to ignore him, yet his futile efforts are redeemed by the attentions of Janet Dubois . Other events ensue, in which he experiences the height of the high life, the lowest of the low, the full gamut of experiences, including a wild party which he wrote. The film ends with him getting together with the woman who played Janet, and getting the show produced how he wanted it to be.'] ['Will Freeman  lives a very comfortable and leisurely lifestyle in London thanks to substantial royalties left to him from the successful Christmas song that his father composed. Will does not need to work and spends most of his free time watching television, and reading about pop culture. When Will\'s friends, Christine  and John , ask him to be the godfather of their second child, Will bluntly refuses, insisting that he "really is that shallow". In an attempt to avoid spending time with the couple, Will meets Angie , a single mother, but the two only share a brief relationship which, to Will\'s surprise actually ends amicably. Afterward, Will comes up with the idea of attending a single-parents group called "SPAT"  to meet potential female partners. As part of his ploy, he claims to have a two-year-old son named Ned. His plan succeeds and he meets Suzie . Will\'s pursuit to court Suzie takes him to one of the group\'s functions — a picnic — where he meets Marcus , the 12-year-old son of Suzie\'s friend, Fiona . At the picnic, Marcus accidentally kills a duck with a stale loaf of bread while trying to feed it. When a park keeper questions him about it, Will quickly defends Marcus by claiming the duck was already dead. Afterward, when Will and Suzie take Marcus home, they find Fiona in the living room, overdosed on pills in a suicide attempt. Marcus begins to be uncomfortable with staying at home alone with his mother, so he tries to get Will to date her so she won\'t be so lonely. After a single date this plan fails so Marcus follows Will around and discovers that Will is actually childless and had been faking being a single parent. Marcus then appears on Will\'s doorstep and blackmails him into letting him hang out at his apartment after school every day instead of going straight home. Will is initially against Marcus spending time at his place, but when Marcus is chased there one day by bullies Will begins to realize the importance of his presence in Marcus\'s life. He starts helping Marcus fit in by taking him shopping for new shoes. Unfortunately, the shoes are stolen by bullies, causing a fight among Marcus, Fiona, and Will. At school, Marcus develops a crush on a grunge girl named Ellie , and his popularity steadily improves. Will begins a relationship with a single mother named Rachel . Will lets Rachel believe that Marcus is his son in order to appear interesting to her. Later, in an attempt to be honest with her, he reveals that Marcus is not really his son, but his lie backfires and their relationship ends. One day, Marcus comes home from school to find his mother crying in the living room. Marcus attempts to unburden himself to Will, who is unreceptive, as he is still upset about the breakup with Rachel. Will tells Marcus that he can\'t help him and the two have a fight. Marcus decides that the only way to help his mother is to sing at the school variety show - an act which Ellie deems "social suicide", warning that the other children will crucify him. Will continues his superficial existence, but realises that it doesn\'t fulfill him the way it did before. Will crashes a SPAT meeting and implores Fiona not to attempt suicide again. She assures him that she has no plans to do so in the immediate future and also tells him that Marcus has decided to sing at the school show that day. Will and Fiona rush to the school to stop Marcus from committing social suicide, and Will finds Rachel in the school audience watching her son in the show. Will makes his way backstage to stop Marcus from singing, but Marcus is unswayed and believes that his singing will make his mother happy. Marcus proceeds to sing a shrill, out-of-tune rendition of "Killing Me Softly with His Song" as the student body taunts him. Suddenly, Will appears onstage with a guitar to accompany Marcus for the rest of the song. With Will\'s assistance, the school children accept Marcus\'s performance, giving him mild applause at the end. Seeing this, Will continues on with an unnecessary solo to take the negative attention off Marcus. The following Christmas, Will hosts a celebration at his place where Marcus, Rachel, Rachel\'s son Ali, Fiona and Ellie are present. The idea of Will marrying Rachel is brought up, but Marcus seems unenthusiastic, believing that couples have no future without "backup" to their relationships.'] ['The plot centers on a charismatic radio talk show host, Tom Avery , and his "mermaid researcher" girlfriend Fay . Tom has had a turbulent past with relationships and has had three divorces before the age of 40. Many of Tom\'s ex-wives turn out to be friends of Fay\'s. Fay is the opposite from Tom and has an overly high expectation of the men she dates; she expects perfection and wants to emulate her parents\' rock-solid marriage. One day, it turns out that Fay\'s parents\' marriage is not as perfect as it seemed and it breaks down suddenly, after 40 years of "wedded bliss". Fay panics and feels insecure in her own relationship and forces Tom to go to great efforts to convince the woman who has become his fiancée that their relationship is different and that they are meant for each other.'] ["Robert's  life has been going just the way he wanted it to, from both a professional and personal standpoint. That is until his girlfriend Cheri  tells him she's expecting. While she feels they should get married, Robert still isn't quite sure if he's ready to take such a major step in his life. He tries to get advice from his friends, who all  basically tell him to stand firm in his decision if he doesn't feel he's ready. Cheri also has a group of friends however, and they are just as much in support of her opinion that the two should be looking to settle down as Robert's friends are of his. When they all get together to celebrate the baby shower, tensions inevitably flare, and a few unexpected secrets finally come to light, leading to a frothy and mirthful climax."] ['Ronald Miller  is a typical high school nerd living in Arizona. He has spent all summer mowing lawns to save up for a telescope. However, at an opportune moment he makes a deal with popular cheerleader Cynthia "Cindy" Mancini  to "rent" her for $1,000. She agrees so that she can afford to replace a suede outfit that Quint , a baseball jock, spilled red wine on at a party. It belonged to her mother and she hadn\'t received permission to borrow it. Having few options except telling her mom the truth, she reluctantly agrees to help him look "cool" by pretending to be his girlfriend for a month even though she already has a boyfriend named Bobby who is away at college. Both agree never to reveal the pact. Ronald then trades his nerdy-but-loyal friends for the shallow popular students and undergoes a complete clothing and hair makeover at Cindy\'s direction. Over the month the two discover each others individuality and are drawn closely together. Cindy soon starts to genuinely like Ronald. She opens up to him as he washes her car at her house, she goes inside to get a poem that she\'d written that meant the world to her and lets him read it. She gets to know him better as he opens up to her with his beliefs about astronomy and space travel; as they gaze at the moon he tells her how when they are their parents age "people will be working there and living there... maybe even us". On the last date which Ronald has \'paid\' for Cindy then hints that she\'d like to kiss Ronald, signifying that she has real feelings for him, but he misunderstands and assumes she wants to talk about their breakup. They dramatically "break up" in front of a crowd at school but Ronald takes things too far and says some hurtful things about Cindy in front of their friends. She becomes cool and distant but warns him that popularity is hard work and he needs to make sure he "stays self". The next day, Cindy appears disgusted with Ronald when she sees him behaving arrogantly at school and becomes jealous when she sees him flirting with her best friends Barbara and Patty, who he later takes out on dates. Ronald continues playing "cool" by hanging out with the jocks and hot chicks. He takes Barbara to a dance at school, where he performs a dance he learned from the African Culture channel on television which he mistakenly believed to be American Bandstand. At first the other kids are mystified but they soon join in and Ronald\'s new \'trendy\' dancing makes him the most popular guy in school. At Halloween he and the other jocks drive to the house of one of his nerd friends, and the jocks test his loyalty by making him throw a bag of dog poop at the house as is their Halloween \'tradition\'. But Ronald\'s friend is lying in wait and catches Ronald; he lets him go before his dad can call the police but the next day at school he ignores him. At a New Year\'s Eve party Ronald gets pretty drunk, goes into the bathroom with a girl and has sex with her. Cindy walks by and hears Ronald reciting to this girl the very poem that she  had written. She\'s completely devastated, so she starts drinking heavily. Later, as a surprise Bobby  shows up at the party from the University of Iowa as he still has strong ties with most of the athletes. After he learns about her relationship with Ronald through a few of the athletes, Cindy is brutally dumped in front of a lot of people. In anger and frustration she tells the party-goers the truth about her relationship with Ronald and his "cool" pretenses. She scolds her friends for falling for his act and for being "a bunch of followers". "Our little plan worked, didn\'t it Ronald?" Cindy says as she effectively puts him back at square one with not only the popular crowd , but the nerdy crowd as well. He suffers much emotional distress at being socially ostracized as his attempts to reconcile with both Cindy and Kenneth are rebuffed. However, a moment comes to redeem himself when he defends his best friend Kenneth against the onslaught of Quint. Ronald points out that they were all friends at one time. When they were nine, Quint had fallen out of their tree house and broken his arm, they carried him twelve blocks to the hospital as he cried all the way. He mocks the clique system at their school and walks away. Quint and Kenneth shake hands and the whole school applaud. Cindy recognizes Ronald\'s worth after that and the two reconcile when she decides to hop on the back of his riding lawn mower instead of hanging out with her popular friends. He asks her to prom and the two kiss as the title song plays. Closing credits roll while the two of them ride off into the sunset on the lawn mower.'] [' In lieu of a theme song and opening of the movie, Tashlin instead over laid traditional opening credits to faux television commercials for products that failed to deliver what they promise. From this comedic segue, the film opens on a writer for television advertising, Rockwell P. Hunter , who is low on the ladder at the La Salle agency, the company where he works. With the agency set to lose its biggest account &ndash; Stay-Put Lipstick &ndash; he hatches an idea to get the perfect model and spokesperson for Stay-Put\'s new line of lipstick, the famous actress with the "oh-so-kissable lips", Rita Marlowe . In order for Rita to endorse the lipstick, however, Rock has to pretend to be her boyfriend to make her real boyfriend, Bobo Branigansky , the star of a TV Tarzan show, jealous. Bobo leaks the news of Rita\'s new romance to the tabloids and Rock Hunter is suddenly famous as Marlowe\'s "Lover Doll". Hunter\'s boss decides to leverage his employee\'s new found fame—however when Hunter also gets Marlowe to agree on a television spectacular sponsored by Stay-Put, Hunter becomes the advertising firm\'s highest regarded employee. Marlowe meanwhile is miserable—she thinks she is falling in love with Hunter, but her one real true love is the man who discovered her—George Schmidlap . Not being able to find Schmidlap, she pursues Hunter, even though her Secretary "Vi"  warns her that she is playing a dangerous game. . Hunter soon finds fame to be a double edged sword, getting him what he wants, but with a price to be paid for that success. Women are crazy about him, and he has no peace of mind. Ultimately, he moves up the ladder at work, becoming company president, only to find it is not what he really wanted. Hunter confesses to his angry fiancée Jenny, that he finds himself at the top of the heap without any meaning and she takes him back. As Rita Marlowe opens her television spectacular for Stay-Put Lipstick, she is surprised by the appearance of the show\'s "surprise" guest star of , George Schmidlap. Freed from strain of advertising, Rock and Jenny retire to the country to tend a chicken farm announcing that he has found the real living end.'] ['High school sophomore Samantha "Sam" Baker struggles to get through the day of her 16th birthday, which her entire family forgets because her older sister, Ginny, is getting married the next day. She is also plagued by her ongoing infatuation with the very popular and very attractive senior, Jake Ryan. Her day at school fares no better when she finds out that her completed "sex quiz," which she surreptitiously slipped to her friend, never reached her . Sam panics as the quiz contains personal information, including the fact that she is a virgin and is saving herself for Jake. She has a whole new set of problems when she arrives home to find that both sets of grandparents are staying at the Baker home for the duration of the wedding visit. On top of it all, one set of grandparents brings along bizarre Asian foreign exchange student, Long Duk Dong. Sam\'s grandparents force her to take him along to her school dance that night and, to Sam\'s amazement, it takes "The Donger" only five minutes to find an unlikely girlfriend &mdash; the tallish, large-breasted jock, Marlene, nicknamed "Lumberjack." It is found that they are slow dancing in the gym. A running subplot involves a geeky freshman who continually  tries to bed his love interest, Sam, to satisfy a bet with his friends. The character is referred to on several occasions in the movie as either "Ted" or "Farmer Ted", but he is credited solely as "the Geek." Sam knocks him off in the bus on the way home by saying, "Go to hell." In the auto shop during the dance, Sam and Ted begin talking and Sam confesses her love for Jake. Upon hearing this, he tells her that Jake had been asking about her at the dance, and they agree that Sam should just go and talk to him. As she\'s leaving, he reveals the wager to Sam, who, in her excited state, agrees to loan him her panties to help him win a dozen floppy disks. Later , Ted and his equally unwelcome geeky friends, Cliff and Bryce , enter the senior after-party. When Cliff asks Ted if he\'s panicky about going to a senior party, Ted assures his friends by saying, "We got seventy dollars and we got a pair of girl\'s  underpants. We\'re safe as kittens, okay? This is a great social opportunity for us! Come on!" When they knock the door, Long Duk Dong who also attends the party with his new girlfriend greets them and Ted and his gang get through the door but they make a big mistake by knocking the jocks\' beer can pyramid on the table over. Ted and Bryce leave it up to Cliff to deal with the jocks. Meanwhile upstairs in Jake\'s bedroom, Jake takes the opportunity to look through the yearbook and finds Sam\'s photo. He jots down her phone-number on his scrap of paper and calls her only to be disappointed when her grandparents pick up the phone. He says, "Um..Would it be possible for you to tell me if there\'s Samantha Baker there and if so may I converse with her briefly?" but he is unsuccessful. At Jake\'s house &mdash; during which the entire house is completely trashed. At night\'s end, Jake finds Ted trapped under a table and they begin to talk. Jake inquires further about Sam; Ted explains the situation. Jake makes a deal with Ted: If Ted lets Jake keep Sam\'s panties, then he will let Ted drive home his drunk girlfriend, Caroline Mulford, in Jake\'s father\'s Rolls Royce. Jake later uses the excuse of finding them together to break up with Caroline . Afterward, Jake drives to the church just in time to meet an incredulous Sam after her sister\'s wedding. The movie concludes with them sharing a kiss over a birthday cake with 16 candles.'] ['A romantic comedy, set on Cape Cod in 1905, about three 70-year-old retired sea captains who try to lure an attractive, middle-aged woman into marriage.'] ["Legendary bank robber Henry Manning pushes his luck too far and ends up in prison, where he suffers a massive stroke. He is transferred to a nursing home, in the care of Carol Ann McKay, a high school prom queen who married her boyfriend Wayne, the star of her school's football team, and whose glamour days are well behind her. Carol Ann starts to suspect that Henry isn't as sick as he seems, and she and Wayne are soon working with Henry to plan his last and greatest score."] ["The film is split into three segments: the first involves a man buying an animate sex doll and his many failed attempts to bed it. In the second story, a man suffering from writer's block find his muse by undressing various women. Finally, the third story involves the President of the United States, whose daughter is kidnapped and will be killed unless the President and his wife have sex on national television."] ["Young Eddie Corbett tries his best to be a matchmaker for his widowed father, Tom. At first, sexy Dollye Daly seems promising, but she ends up falling in love with and marrying Tom's friend and radio colleague, Norman Jones. Tom becomes attracted to a sophisticated socialite, Rita Behrens. They begin considering marriage, but Eddie takes an immediate dislike to Rita and she does not know how to deal with Eddie . In the end, Tom chooses his son over her. Through all this, the Corbetts are supported by their new housekeeper, Mrs. Livingston, and by their divorced next-door neighbor, Elizabeth Marten. It takes a crisis for Tom to realize what has been under his nose all the time."] ['The plot features around two characters Adam  and Morello  who end up handcuffed whilst appearing at T in the Park. Adam is the lead singer with successful pop group The Make who are booked to perform at popular music festival in Scotland. While looking for his manager he happens upon Morello, the lead singer for the all girl punk band The Dirty Pinks. The two do not get along and end up arguing, while doing so attracting the attention of a preacher who decides to teach them both a lesson in Cooperation and Compromise. He handcuffs the two together and disposes of the key, leaving the two stuck together until the handcuffs can be removed. This also means that the two must perform together, an arrangement that both are unhappy with. But over time they both see that they have more in common than first thought and Morello begins to wonder whether she is truly happy with her boyfriend Mark .'] ['Reginald Denny plays the role of Jeffrey Haywood, who wants to get married to Virginia Embrey . However, Virginia refused to marry unless her older sister, the hard-to-please Angelica  gets married first. Angelica, in turn, finds every man she knows too dull and predictable, and for this reason prefers to stay single. Jeff then tries to make Angelica interested in the mild-mannered and timid Reggie Irving  passing him off as a notorious playboy to intrigue her. He asks his friend Polly to teach Reggie "how to treat a woman right", but he turns out to be a disastrous learner.'] ["Marley Corbett, a carefree woman with a promising career, great friends, and witty sense of humor, learns that she has terminal cancer. She is told the news by Dr. Julian Goldstein, a successful doctor with a hardened exterior, who is deeply impressed and affected by the way Marley accepts the news of her fate with humor and dignity. The movie opens up on a random day showing Marley heading to work. As the movie unfolds, clues of Marley's illness are shown: unexplained weight-loss, etc. Not even half way through the movie, she learns she is suffering from colon cancer. Throughout the movie, there are scenes that show how carefree Marley's life once was, before the diagnosis. Prior to her diagnosis, Marley thought she had everything she could ever want in life, living in a state of dreamy eternity. Marley makes an appointment for an endoscopy. While under anesthesia, God appears to Marley as played by Whoopie Goldberg. In her dream, Marley makes three wishes: money, to fly and a third that is later revealed. From there, Marley and Julian find themselves falling in love, and doing their best to make the most of the time they have left."] ["Melvin Udall is a misanthrope who works at home as a best-selling novelist in New York City. He suffers from obsessive-compulsive disorder which, paired with his misanthropy, alienates nearly everyone with whom he interacts. He eats breakfast at the same table in the same restaurant every day using disposable plastic utensils he brings with him due to his pathological mysophobia. He takes an interest in his waitress, Carol Connelly, the only server at the restaurant who can tolerate his behavior. One day, Melvin's neighbor, a gay artist named Simon Bishop, is assaulted and nearly killed. Melvin is forced to care for Simon's dog Verdell while Simon is hospitalized. Although he initially does not enjoy caring for the dog, Melvin becomes emotionally attached to it. He simultaneously receives more attention from Carol. When Bishop is released from the hospital, Melvin is unable to cope emotionally with returning the dog. Melvin's life is further altered when Carol decides to work closer to her home in Brooklyn so she can care for her acutely asthmatic son ([[Jesse James . Unable to adjust to another waitress, Melvin arranges to pay for her son's medical expenses if Carol agrees to continue working at her previous restaurant in Manhattan. Meanwhile, Simon's assault and rehabilitation, coupled with Verdell's preference for Melvin, causes Simon to lose his creative muse. Simon is approaching bankruptcy due to his medical bills. Simon's agent, Frank Sachs, convinces Simon to go to Baltimore and ask his estranged parents for money. Frank offers Melvin use of his car for the trip. Melvin invites Carol to accompany them on the trip to lessen the awkwardness. She reluctantly accepts the invitation, and relationships among the three develop. Once in Baltimore, Carol persuades Melvin to take her out to have dinner. Melvin's comments during the dinner greatly upset Carol, and she abruptly leaves. Upon seeing the frustrated Carol, Simon begins to sketch her and rekindles his creativity, once more feeling a desire to paint. He briefly reconnects with his parents, but is able to tell them that he'll be fine. After returning to New York City, Carol tells Melvin that she does not want him in her life anymore. She later regrets her statement and calls him to apologize. The relationship between Melvin and Carol remains complicated until Simon, whom Melvin has allowed to move in with him until he can get a new apartment, convinces Melvin to declare his love for her at her apartment in Brooklyn, where the two realize the depth of their personal connection. The film ends with Melvin and Carol walking together to buy fresh rolls at the corner bakery."] ['Ms. Baldwin  and Ms. Davis  are owners and instructors of the Supreme Secretarial School. Ms. Baldwin is fighting Spring Fever and daydreams while teaching her class. They take pride in turning out well trained secretaries. They are having problems teaching a secretarial student, named Maizie  who cannot spell, take dictation or type. When the instructors ask her what she is doing at the school, she replies with, “I‘m here for the same reason that every other smart girl’s here - to, uh, get a chance to meet nice men.” Ms. Davis tells her, “This doesn’t happen to be a matrimonial agency.” Next, a former student drops by with a perspective student and informs the owners that she is getting married to a Junior Vice President . This leads Ms. Baldwin to wonder if these young ladies are onto something. Meanwhile, a client, Mr. Gilbert  who is the editor of Body and Brain magazine continues to fire secretarial graduates from the Supreme Secretarial School. He calls the school and over the phone, Mr. Gilbert complains to Ms. Baldwin about inept secretaries. Ms. Baldwin covers the phone receiver and repeats what he is saying to Ms. Davis. Ms. Baldwin says to Ms. Davis, “He wants to know what’s wrong with the modern woman?” Ms. Davis replies, “.. the modern man.” Ms. Baldwin decides to go to Mr. Gilbert’s office to see what he expects of a secretary. When they meet, he inadvertently thinks she is a secretary rather than the owner of the school and tells her to report to work in the morning. She is immediately smitten with Mr. Gilbert and decides to work as his secretary.'] ["Gwen Cummings borrows the limo at her sister's wedding after ruining the reception with her drunken antics. She crashes the limo while she is on her cell phone trying to find a cake to replace the one she destroyed. She is given a choice between jail or 28 days in a rehab center. She chooses rehab. However, she is extremely resistant to taking part in any of the treatment programs they have to offer, refusing to admit that she is an alcoholic. After getting to know some of the other patients, Gwen gradually begins to re-examine her life and see that she does, in fact, have a serious problem. Her sincere desire to get well complicates her relationship with long-time, live-in boyfriend Jasper. She befriends Andrea, a 17-year-old recovering heroin addict who occasionally harms herself. All of the other patients help her see herself in a different light while she tries to get sober and come to terms with her alcoholism. The path to recovery will not be easy and success will not be guaranteed or even likely, but she is now willing to give it a try."] ["Mini Mo  is a Hong Kong resident living in Japan. She suffers from depression, low self-esteem and a binge eating disorder – the result which sees her suffers from extreme obesity. A failed suicide attempt causes her to meet Fatso , a Hong Kong salesman working in Japan who, too, like her, is obese. Mini sticks with Fatso everywhere and Fatso, after being vexed by her initially, discovers the reason behind her depression. Mini cannot forget her former boyfriend, Kurokawa, who is now a world-famous pianist. Ten years ago, the two had pledged to meet at the foot of Tokyo Tower on the night of their break-up. Mini is fearful of meeting Kurokawa in her present size. Touched by her story and her sweet nature, Fatso promises to whip her back into shape. After trying desperate means of losing weight , Mini finally sheds pounds. But Fatso finds his funds running low. To earn enough to finance Mini's weight-loss programs, he opens a boxing gig on the streets allowing on-lookers to punch him to vent their pent-up frustrations. He next enrolls Mini on an expensive weight-loss program, which proves to be very successful. Mini regains her former slim and pretty look. On the night of her reunion with Kurokawa, Fatso drops Mini off at Tokyo Tower and she meets up with former beau under the gazing eyes of the local media. The pair are interviewed by a local network, but Mini notices another broadcast featuring Fatso's street boxing gig. She finally realizes how much Fatso has sacrificed himself for her and is moved to tears. Turning to apologize to Kurokawa, she leaves hastily. Months later, Mini publishes a bestseller on dieting, and finds a slimmed-down Fatso carrying her book in a park. The two kiss, promising never to leave each other again."] ['After four years of marriage, Mae  and Rendy  are childless. Meanwhile, her best friends Eman , Guntoro  and Beni  have already married and had children. This makes Mae feel pressured to quickly have a child and stresses her greatly. When Rendy forgets to come to a dinner celebrating their wedding anniversary, Mae is fed up and moves in with her parents, who try and convince her to leave Rendy. Mae decides to try and work out her issues with Rendy, and the two begin working incessantly towards having a child. When that is unsuccessful, Mae decides that her tomboyish appearance is causing Rendy to be infertile. As such, she decides to surprise him by visiting his office after putting on make-up. However, she sees Rendy together with another woman, Vivi  and walks out, saying that she wants a divorce. Rendy asks his mother  to bring Mae back. However, both families fight, leaving Mae and Rendy separated. Mae feels distraught without Rendy and often cries when she thinks nobody is watching. Eman, Guntoro, and Beni unsuccessfully try to cheer her up. Mae, trying to live independently, takes a job as a valet but faints at work; she discovers that she is pregnant. Rendy, not allowed to come near her, tasks the trio with watching over her. As Mae is very demanding and watching over her is very time consuming, Eman, Guntoro, and Beni are almost divorced by their wives. Mae furtively begins meeting with Rendy, as her parents still want her to divorce him. She discovers that he has not been having an affair, and they reunite. Mae later gives birth to triplets, as both families look on happily.'] ['Shaun  is a salesman whose life has no direction. His younger colleagues show him no respect, he has a rocky relationship with his stepfather, Phillip , a tense relationship with his housemate, Pete , because of Ed , Shaun\'s crude best friend who lives on their couch and deals marijuana, and his girlfriend, Liz , is dissatisfied with their social life, as it consists primarily of spending every evening at the Winchester, Shaun and Ed\'s favourite pub. They never do anything alone together – Shaun always brings Ed, and Liz brings her flatmates, David  and Dianne . After a miserable day at work, Shaun meets an old friend, Yvonne , who asks him what he and Liz are doing for their anniversary, which makes him realise he forgot to book a table at a restaurant, as he had promised to do. Faced with this, Liz breaks up with him. Shaun drowns his sorrows with Ed at the Winchester. The two return home late and spin electro records, only to have Pete confront them, who is suffering a headache after being mugged and bitten by "some crackheads". Pete berates Shaun and tells him to sort his life out. Shaun resolves to do so. The next morning, an uprising of zombies has overwhelmed the town, but Shaun is too busy dealing with his problems and too hungover to notice. He and Ed become aware of what is happening after watching reports on TV, as zombies attack their house. After fighting back with weapons from the shed, they decide they need to go somewhere safe. Shaun and Ed decide that the safest place they know is the Winchester, and they plan to collect Shaun\'s mother, Barbara , Phillip, Liz, and her flatmates. Shaun discovers that a naked Pete is still in the house and is now a zombie, and he and Ed escape in Pete\'s car. After collecting Barbara and Phillip, who is bitten in the process, they switch cars and drive in Phillip\'s Jaguar and head to Liz, Dianne and David\'s flat, and collect them. Before they make it to the Winchester, Phillip dies of his bite, after he manages to make peace with Shaun. Abandoning the car as Phillip turns into a zombie, they set off on foot, bumping into Yvonne and her own band of survivors. Discovering that the path is infested with zombies, they devise a plan to sneak by, but Ed and Shaun get into an argument and the zombies are alerted. David smashes the window while Shaun distracts the zombies. Everyone takes refuge inside the pub, and Shaun joins them after giving the zombies the slip. After several hours, the zombies return. Ed gives away their position and the zombies converge on the pub. Shaun discovers that the Winchester rifle above the bar is functional and they use it to fend off the zombies. Barbara reveals a bite wound she picked up along the way and dies, becomes a zombie, and is reluctantly shot by a heartbroken Shaun. David is dismembered and disembowelled by the zombies, as a frantic Dianne unbolts the door to rescue him, exposing Shaun, Liz and Ed to the zombies. Ed prepares a Molotov cocktail to fend them off, but Pete arrives and bites him. He manages to get over the bar and Shaun uses the cocktail to set fire to the bar. They escape into the cellar. Trapped, they contemplate suicide, then discover a service hatch. Shaun and Liz escape through the hatch as a mortally wounded Ed stays behind with the rifle. Back on the street, as Shaun and Liz prepare to fight the zombies once more, the British Army arrives and they are rescued. Yvonne, who has also survived, shows up and tells Shaun and Liz to follow her. They approach the safety of the trucks, reconciled. Six months after the outbreak, the uninfected have returned to daily life, while the remaining zombies, retaining their instincts, are used as cheap labour and entertainment. Liz and Shaun have moved in together in Shaun\'s house, and Shaun is keeping Ed, who is now a zombie, tethered in the shed and playing video games.'] ["Magda  is the manager of a posh resort hotel in Madrid which will be the site of a mass same-sex marriage ceremony. One of the grooms is Magda's son Miguel , who will marry his boyfriend , son of Ofelia . Nuria , a sex addict, is also on her way to attend the ceremony. Her son Narciso  will be marrying his boyfriend Hugo , whose own parents, Helena  and Hector , are less enthusiastic. Meanwhile, actress Reyes  will be attending to watch her son Rafa ([[Raul Jiminez  marry his boyfriend Jonas , the son of her gardener Jacinto ."] ["Miles Raymond  is an unsuccessful writer, a wine-aficionado, and a depressed middle school English teacher living in San Diego, who takes his soon-to-be-married actor friend and college roommate, Jack Cole , on a road trip through Santa Ynez Valley wine country. Miles wants to relax and live well. However, Jack wants one last sexual fling. In the wine country, the men encounter Maya , a waitress at Miles's favorite restaurant, The Hitching Post, and her friend, Stephanie , an employee at a local winery. They arrange a double date without revealing that Jack is to be married. Jack has an affair with Stephanie while Miles and Maya connect. Miles accidentally tells Maya that Jack is to be married. Enraged by the dishonesty, Maya dumps Miles and tells Stephanie, who breaks Jack's nose. Upon finding out his manuscript has been rejected again, Miles makes a scene at a wine tasting room, and Jack hooks up with another woman. To explain the broken nose to his fiancée, Jack runs Miles's car into a tree. At the wedding, Miles faces the fact that his ex-wife will never return to him. Alone, he drinks his prized wine, a 1961 Château Cheval Blanc from a disposable coffee cup at a fast-food restaurant. Later, he receives a message from Maya, who says she enjoyed his manuscript and invites him to visit. The last scene in the movie shows Miles back in Santa Ynez, knocking on Maya's door."] ['The film takes place at the beginning of summer and follows three girls through a summer that will change their lives. The story is told by Keira St. George , a girl who is trying to decide what to do with her life. She constantly throws away her college letter without reading it, but her father always retrieves it, annoying her more. Her two best friends are Glory Lorraine  a beautiful but somewhat bitchy girl obsessed with marriage, and Lisa MacDougall , an awkward, born-again, religious girl who is obsessed with sex. Glory constantly "babysits" for Keith Clark  and his wife, who works the night shift a few times a week. Keith is a 32-year-old husband and father, who loves to ride his motorcycle, gamble with friends and smoke a lot of pot. One afternoon, Keira talks to Gordon Gruber , who is a bit slow and somewhat mentally disabled, trying to get information from him about Keith, who has taken Gruber under his wing. Gruber tells Keira about the pot growing in Keith\'s backyard. That night, Keira and Lisa decide to take some of Keith\'s pot. While leaving, they hear what sounds like Keith and his wife having sex. Sex crazed Lisa decides to take a closer look. When Kiera joins her, the two discover that Keith isn\'t with his wife - he\'s with Glory! Later that night, Glory arrives at the bonfire. After much giggling and teasing, Keira and Lisa tell Glory about seeing her with Keith. Glory defends her actions, saying she loves Keith and he loves her. The next day, while Keira works at the food stand, Glory tells her more about Keith and her relationship with him. Wheels begin to turn in Keira\'s head, and after debating with herself, she decides to go to Keith\'s. He answers the door and Keira tells him she\'s a friend of Glory\'s. He thinks she wants to buy pot, but she tells him she will "babysit" too. She convinces him to let her in, where she makes it clear that she wants to sleep with him. He tells her he\'s married and she\'s half his age, but it is obvious both are attracted to each other. She leads Keith into the bedroom. The next day, Lisa arrives at the stand to tell Keira that she\'s going to sleep with Keith Clark. Keira doesn\'t like this and tells Lisa that she\'s supposed to be religious and wait until she\'s married and that she will hurt Glory, but according to Lisa, since she hasn\'t been baptized yet, it\'s okay. She is concerned that when she marries, her virgin husband will not be satisfying. Not heeding Keira\'s repeated warnings, Lisa continues with her plan and takes off for Keith\'s house. When she arrives, Keith is out in the garden. It is an awkward conversation in which Lisa makes it abundantly clear that she wants to "babysit" too. Glory arrives and is angry at Lisa and hostile to the others. While Keith goes inside to tend to his crying daughter, Glory takes the opportunity to yell at Lisa for what she is doing. Eventually, Glory tells Keith that she will be unable to babysit because her mother needs her to go to a meeting. He tries to get her to reconsider, but Lisa promptly proclaims that she will babysit. Glory tries to stop it but finally Keith is left having to agree. While babysitting, Lisa calls Keira to tell her she\'s at Keith\'s house. Keira again begs her not to follow through with her plan. This angers Lisa, who wanted Keira to come over and support her before Keith arrives home but eventually hangs up on her. Keith arrives home and Lisa quickly jumps him in an attempt to have sex. Lisa even says that it\'s okay with Glory. Keith, obviously weirded out, keeps coming up with excuses not to but eventually agrees to help Lisa lose her virginity. Keira and Glory arrive outside, with Glory obviously angry, and decide to look through the bedroom window. Keith and Lisa are trying to have sex, though it is awkward. Outside, Keira admits to Glory that she also slept with Keith and Glory punches her, making her nose bleed. Glory is even more furious and eventually storms into the house and into the bedroom. An argument ensues between the girls and eventually all three leave. Glory refuses to talk to her best friends, giving them the finger as she rides back and forth past them on her bike. She rides over to Keith\'s house, trying to work things out, but Keith tells her it would be best if they stop seeing each other. She is heartbroken, professing again that she loves him, but he doesn\'t budge on his stance. Glory is understandably hurt and refuses to get up the next morning, only answering Keira\'s call because of her mother\'s threat. She joins Lisa and Keira in Keira\'s bedroom where she tells Glory about the plan. Keira and Lisa decided that since all three girls want Keith, then they should share him. Using a calendar, Keira explains that with Sue, Keith\'s wife, working four night shifts, each girl could have him for a night and they could all hang out the other night. While explaining the plan to Keith, he balks at the proposal. Keira threatens him with the fact that if people somehow find out, he will be considered a "pervert pothead who molests young girls". Backed into a corner, Keith agrees. The night after night sessions with the girls take a toll on Keith, who cannot seem to stay awake anymore and, has performance problems and is upset that he hasn\'t been intimate with his wife and has a responsibility to his family. Eventually, Keith is upset when the girls almost tip off his wife and is hostile to the girls, saying he won\'t continue, but Keira restates her threat. Later, the girls get scared when Lenny , a biker friend of Keith\'s, arrives. Keith confides in them that he has a bit of a problem with Lenny and he\'s been threatened. The girls hide in the baby\'s room as Lenny begins to beat up Keith. As it turns out, Keith and Lenny plotted this in order to scare the girls away but it backfires when the girls eventually take the baby and run, thinking they all might be in danger. Keith is startled when he finds Gruber in the basement, telling him he can use the front door. Gruber tells Keith he has seen what Keith has been doing with the girls and knows about Keith and Lenny\'s plan. This does not intimidate Keith. When he realizes his daughter has been taken, Keith freaks out and takes off to find them. At the dock, he grabs Lisa hard, screaming at her to tell him where his daughter is. This causes Gruber to knock Keith out with a tire iron. Donny  arrives at the scene following Gruber who took off with his  tire iron. All five of the teens take Jasmine and the unconscious and bleeding Keith back home and debate whether to call 911 but Keira hangs up the phone when Keith awakes. Gruber admits to the girls that Keith tricked them, making the extremely mad. Keith doesn\'t care, telling them that he\'s sick of it all. Meanwhile, a colleague at the hospital tells Sue that there was a hang up call to 911 from her house. Sue leaves to investigate. Back at Keith\'s, things get crazy and Glory again professes her love to Keith but Keith rejects her telling her that she was crazy to think he would leave with her. She tells him that she\'s pregnant, shocking everyone. The teens all begin to disperse, many with curfews. Donny drives Glory, Gruber and Lisa home. As Glory sits crying, Donny, who cares for her, holds her and comforts her. Keith\'s wife returns home, shocked at the mess and her husband\'s injury. Keith lies to her, telling her it was Lenny, not thinking she will call the police. She does, however, which leads Lenny to punch him out. Lisa leaves for her religious boarding school where she still seems to be freaky. Donny and Glory eventually begin to date and he cares for the pregnant girl. Keira ends up going to college and knows she\'s going to enjoy it...   *David Boreanaz as Keith Clark *Caroline Dhavernas as Keira St-George *Holly Lewis as Lisa MacDougall *Amanda Walsh as Glory Lorraine *Colin C. Berry as Donny Chesniak *Donnell MacKenzie as Gordon Gruber *Paul Spence as Lenny'] ["The film spotlights the controversial life of torch singer Bijou Blanche , who has been kicked off one South Seas island after another. She is accompanied by naval deserter Edward Patrick 'Little Ned' Finnegan  and magician/pickpocket Sasha Mencken . Eventually, she meets a handsome, young naval officer, Lt. Dan Brent , and the two fall in love. When Brent vows to marry Bijou, his commander and others plead with him to leave her."] ["Esra, Didem and Zeynep are three close friends who live together, but have very different lives, When Zeynep gets engaged, Esra decides to get away from her job and begin a new life. She gets a job at an advertising company. She becomes interested in the company's Creative Director Mert, while Didem becomes interested in Mert's close friend Cem, who is an actor."] [" Amanda Shelton  inherits her late mother's restaurant, but lacks her mother's ability to cook. The restaurant is failing when Amanda meets a mysterious and possibly magical man at the local market. He introduces himself as Gene O'Reilly and claims to be an old friend of her mother's. He sells her crabs, one of which escapes cooking to become her personal mascot. This special crab is magical and it casts spells, with a wave of its claw. Amanda meets her love interest at the market, Tom Bartlett , a department store manager at Henri Bendel on Fifth Avenue, who is opening an ambitious new restaurant inside his store. It is never explicitly explained why, but this eventful day transforms Amanda into a miraculous food witch; people who now eat her impressive new dishes fall under her accidental spells . These are inspired by her emotions and created with the help of her magic crab. Amanda saves her restaurant overnight, and her relationship with Tom blossoms just as fast. However, Tom, being a career-minded control freak, panics when he realizes that not only could she be a witch who could be casting spells on him, but that his own emotions are getting the best of him, and he promptly dumps her. When Amanda goes to confront Tom one last time at his office, she witnesses the violent tantrum and resignation of a celebrity French chef hired for the opening of Tom's new restaurant. When it is discovered that Amanda is in fact the hot new chef in town everyone is talking about, she is hired on the spot, despite Tom's protests. Once Amanda overcomes her self-doubts and insecurities, she reaches her full potential as a chef, and the opening is a complete success. Though Tom refuses to taste Amanda's food during the opening, he eventually admits to himself he was wrong to reject Amanda because she made him feel emotional. He finally decides to embrace his feelings for her and goes after her. At the last minute, he reaches her with his own personal magic , and the two reconcile on the dance floor."] ["Berke Landers ([[Ben Foster  and his girlfriend Allison  were the quintessential high-school couple, but she breaks up with him immediately after the film begins. She then begins a new relationship with Striker , a 'foreign' student who was once the lead singer of a boy band. When Allison and Striker audition for the school's upcoming musical, Berke desperately tries to win Allison back by also auditioning for the play, despite having no theatrical talent and having a busy schedule as a member of the basketball team. Meanwhile, Berke's friends Felix  and Dennis  try to find a new girlfriend for him. With the help of Felix's younger sister, Kelly , a talented songwriter and singer, Berke wins a minor role in the play, a modern musical version of Shakespeare's comedy A Midsummer Night's Dream called A Midsummer Night's Rockin' Eve, written and directed by the school's domineering drama teacher, Dr. Desmond Oates . Striker plays Demetrius, Allison plays Hermia, Kelly plays Helena, and Lysander is to be played by the school's star actor, Peter Wong . But after Peter is injured in a freak accident, Striker nominates Berke to take over the role of Lysander, and, still intent on winning Allison back, Berke accepts. He gradually improves with continuing assistance from Kelly, but remains unaware of the growing attraction between the two of them. Meanwhile, Oates blames Kelly's singing for his own poorly written song and rejects her suggestions to improve it. At a party at Berke's house, Kelly kisses Berke, but he insists that a relationship between them could not work because she is Felix's sister. She leaves him, annoyed at his unwillingness to move on with his life, and Felix, coming across the two, punches Berke. At the same party, Berke and Allison catch Striker cheating on Allison with her best friend Maggie , and so Allison breaks up with Striker. On the play's opening night, the first half of the performance goes smoothly except for some onstage scuffling between Berke and Striker. During the intermission, Allison confides to Berke that she wants to get back together with him, leaving him with a difficult choice between her and Kelly. Meanwhile, Striker bribes two of the theater technicians to try and blow up Berke using stage pyrotechnics. Before the play resumes, Felix gives the orchestra sheet music for a love ballad written by Kelly to replace Oates' unpopular tune. After the curtain rises, Kelly sings her song so beautifully that Berke is reminded of their time together and finally realizes he loves her. As the fourth act begins, he abandons his lines from the script and makes up his own verse professing his character's love for Kelly's character Helena. The audience applauds as Berke and Kelly kiss. Striker protests this change, but unwittingly signals the technicians to set off the explosion, blowing him offstage. Kelly and Berke leave the theater after the show, looking forward to their future together as they discuss the next night's performance."] ["Vishwanath is a multi-millionaire industrialist, living in a palatial house with his only child, a son named Vijay. The pampered Vijay has completed his education and now indulges in life's temptations to the extreme. Vishwanath would like his son to get married and become responsible. Megha is Vishwanath's personal assistant in his office. She is a hardworking girl struggling to support her family. Vishwanath asks Megha to quit her job and marry his son, but she refuses when she hears Vijay's strange condition. Vijay wants the marriage to be on a contract basis for a year and, if he does not fall in love with his wife in that duration, the marriage will be annulled. However, Megha's family is in dire financial straits and, so, she has to reconsider this offer. In return for marrying Vijay, she asks for financial support for her family, which Vishwanath readily provides. Vijay and Megha are married. After the marriage, they become friendly with each other, and Megha goes out of her way to look after Vijay when he meets with an accident. At the end of the year, however, Vijay decides to annul the marriage, as had been agreed upon. Megha leaves Vijay and returns home. After the separation, Vijay seems to be enjoying himself; but slowly and eventually, he starts to feel a longing for the presence of his devoted wife. Complications arise when Megha finds out that she is pregnant with Vijay's child. People in her neighbourhood start to question her stay at her mother's house and the identity of the child's father. In order to support herself, Megha gets a job in a new company; to her surprise, when the company's managing director arrives, he turns out to be Vijay. He later confesses to her that he's a changed person and wants her back. But, even after repeated persuasion, she disagrees because her faith in him has been shattered. Vijay continues to pursue her and leaves no stone unturned to show her that he cares for her. Later, Megha and her family hold a ceremony for the well-being of her to-be-born child. Vishwanath and Vijay attend the ceremony as well and give her presents. Megha reveals Vijay to be her husband and tells all the guests about the marriage-contract. An argument follows; Vijay and his father walk out, followed by all the guests. Near the completion of her pregnancy, Megha learns that trouble-makers Khairati Lal and Yeshwant Kumar, who had once attempted to kill Vijay, have escaped from prison. They are out looking for Vijay, who had fired them from his father's company for cheating and fraud. Megha gets anxious and tries to reach Vijay as soon as possible. On the way, she learns that the whole thing was a set-up by Vijay's friends to lure her back to her husband. Enraged, Megha goes to confront Vijay. As soon as she meets him, she accuses him of this shameless act. Vijay then staggers towards her, with his stomach pierced by a piece of glass and blood pouring from the wound. Khairati and Yeshwant have attacked him in reality. Megha runs toward him, slips and goes into labour. Vijay, summoning up all his strength, takes Megha to the Hospital. There, he is treated for his injuries and she delivers a healthy baby boy. Megha and Vijay recover and get reconciled."] ["Vivacious Lady is a story of love at first sight between a young botany professor named Peter Morgan Jr.  and a nightclub singer named Francey . The film also has comedic elements, including repeatedly frustrated attempts by the newlywed couple to find a moment alone with each other. The story begins when Peter is sent to Manhattan to retrieve his playboy cousin Keith ([[James Ellison  and immediately falls in love with Francey. After a whirlwind one-day courtship, Peter and Francey get married, and they and Keith return to the Morgan family's home, where Peter teaches at the university run by his father Peter Morgan Sr. . Mr. Morgan is known for being a proud, overbearing man, so Peter is afraid to tell him about the marriage. When they arrive, Mr. Morgan and Peter's high-society fiancée Helen  initially take Francey for another of Keith's girlfriends. While Peter decides how to approach his father with the news, Francey stays at a women-only hotel, and Peter and Keith introduce her as a new botany student. Peter mentions Francey to his father twice, but on both occasions, Mr. Morgan interrupts and ignores his son, and when Peter becomes insistent, his apparently ailing mother  has a flare-up of her heart condition, making any further conversation impossible. For his third attempt, Peter decides to announce the marriage to his parents at the university's student-faculty prom. Keith brings Francey to the prom as his own guest, and Francey, still posing as a student, develops a friendly rapore with Mrs. Morgan, but gets into a nasty brawl with Helen in which Francey accidentally punches Peter's father. Peter says nothing at the prom, but blurts the news to his father just as Mr. Morgan is about to give an important speech, resulting in another argument and another flare-up of Mrs. Morgan's heart condition. This prevents Mrs. Morgan from learning who Francey is, but she accidentally finds out from Francey herself during a conversation in Francey's apartment. Mrs. Morgan accepts the news happily, and admits to Francey that she pretends to have heart trouble any time her husband gets into an argument, but Mr. Morgan demands that Francey leave Peter, threatening to fire him if she doesn't. Francey agrees to leave, but the incident releases thirty years of marital frustration in Mrs. Morgan, who also decides to leave her husband. Francey tells Peter she will leave him unless he can change his father's mind before her train departs. Peter's solution is to threaten the family with disgrace by getting drunk and otherwise misbehaving until his father relents, even if it costs him his job. Peter passes out before he can reach the train, which departs with both Francey and Mrs. Morgan aboard, but Mr. Morgan, having finally yielded to the combined pressure of his son and wife, stops the train by driving ahead of it with Peter and parking the car on the track. Both marriages are saved, and Peter and Francey finally have their honeymoon on the train."] ['The premise of the film is stated by a group of four writers conversing over dinner at the beginning of the film. The question arises: Is life naturally comic or tragic? One of the four proposes a simple story  and the two prominent playwrights in the group begin telling their versions of this story, one being comic and one tragic.'] ['Mathilda or "Matty", \' is a bitter, 41-year old, Postal Worker in Belgium. She finds herself drifting through life waiting for her husband Werner \' to decide if he wants to leave his current 22-year-old lover Gail, and return to Matty and their three kids. One day after shopping at the supermarket, Matty backs into a gigantic, yellow, mac truck in the parking lot. The owner of the truck is 29-year-old Johnny \'. They have an explosive argument over whose fault it is. Johnny rips into Matty and tries to put her in her place but Matty gets the best of him and earns his respect. The police show up and they file a report. Johnny memorizes Matty\'s number from the police report and pursues her. He calls several times and one day randomly shows up at her apartment offering to fix the trunk of her car. At first, she acts as though she\'s annoyed, but secretly feels amused. After he fixes her car, she invites him to join her family for dinner. They have a good time and after, he proposes they go out for a drink. Unwillingly, Matty accepts assuming it will be harmless. However, during the date, he relentlessly tries to persuade her to spend the night with him. She eventually gives in. The night they share together rejuvenates her. When Werner learns about Matty\'s affair with Johnny, he asks a friend at the police station to run a background check. They find out that he did time for an incident where he brutally attacked his wife and put her in the hospital for two weeks. One night at dinner, Matty\'s teenage daughter Vera asks Johnny if the charges were true. He shamefully says yes. Vera leaves the table disgusted and Matty tries to break things off with Johnny but he explains he had had too much to drink that night and after his ex-wife admitted she had been having an affair for 3 months, he went into a rage. Matty tries but she can\'t resist his charm and things continue as though nothing happened. Jealous that he might lose Matty, Werner tries to get her back. The three end up having dinner together. Johnny and Werner have an argument at the table and both leave while Matty hides out in the laundry room. She realizes that Werner is the one making her unhappy, and makes the decision to try having a relationship with Johnny. While they are out celebrating her decision, Johnny and Matty run into Johnny\'s yuppie ex-wife and her lawyer lover. At this point, Johnny has had a few too many drinks and is sloshed. All four end up in a heated argument and Johnny ends up throwing a large can at the lawyers car and shattering the front glass. Matty is disgusted at Johnny\'s lack of restraint and leaves. She tries to rekindle her romance with Werner but there\'s no passion. A while later, Vera invites Matty to the karaoke bar, where they run into Johnny. He tries to serenade her but she is again disgusted and leaves but later goes back to try and find him before he departs for Italy.'] ['The film begins with Michèle\'s first journal entry, "I am 20 years old, and I have ruined my life!" This is just one of the many journal entry titles that are flashed before every particular scene in the film. Michèle had just recently broken up with her boyfriend so she meets up with some of her friends at a café. It is there that she meets the charming veterinarian François. Though Michèle has a promising modeling career, she feels that something, or someone, is missing in her life. François quickly fills this void, and Michèle feels partially whole. She first claims that she is Catholic but is dissatisfied with the results of praying and worshipping. By recommendation, she begins to follow Buddhism through meditation and use of elaborate costume jewelry. Eventually, she discovers that François is Jewish; however, he does not practice his faith. Throughout the film, she immerses herself in Judaism, following traditions such as the Sabbath. François breaks up with her by telling her "your touch sickens me", after accusing her of lying. He then engages in several other affairs but fails to ever marry. She attempts to date a few men but does not create any true connections. Finally, at a wedding of their friend Valérie, Francois has broken up with yet another woman and claims to desire her. The movie ends with the famous line, "...to be continued" leaving viewers curious about their future.'] ['Etienne Pimm  has an unusual way of making a living: he arranges for impoverished European aristocrats to marry unsuspecting rich women. He is then discreetly compensated for his efforts by the husbands. His latest target is Millicent "Milly" Mehaffey , newly arrived on the Riviera. Pimm and his assistant Janine  begin grooming the penniless Grand Duke Gaspard Ducluzeau  for Milly, hiring Julian Soames ([[John Wood  to teach him manners and English. As their target fancies herself a race car driver , Pimm recruits John Lathrop Davis , a former Grand Prix champion, to teach Gaspard to drive. Pimm "accidentally" meets Milly\'s uncle and guardian, Dr. Christian Gump  and invites him to a dinner prepared by his personal, world-renowned chef, Maurice Zoltan . Gump cannot resist. After dinner, he is introduced to the handsome young duke, well prepared after weeks of intensive training. As Pimm had hoped, Gump begs him to bring the duke to a party he has arranged for Milly, confiding that he hopes they fall in love and that his troublesome ward will settle down. Meanwhile, Priory , another of Pimm\'s minions, has gotten himself hired as the chauffeur, to spy on the family. When a polo ball hit by Gaspard breaks Priory\'s arm, a reluctant Davis is sent in his place. Davis is openly contemptuous of Milly\'s amateurish intention to compete in a professional race, causing clashes with his spoiled employer. As they spend more time together though, her initial dislike turns into love. With the romance between Milly and Gaspard not proceeding very well, Pimm suggests to Milly that the young couple spend a romantic night together at his private villa. She takes him up on his offer, only with Davis, not Gaspard. The next morning, Milly learns the truth and is at first outraged, even though Pimm confesses that Davis was not the intended groom. For revenge, she decides to marry an oafish suitor named Freddie . However, on the wedding day, her wise grandmother  convinces her to reconcile with Davis. This is just fine with Gaspard, as he has fallen for Janine.'] ["Laurent  and Loli  are a thirty-ish married couple living in southern France with their young children. He is an estate agent; she is a housewife. Laurent has extramarital affairs. Loli is unaware that her husband is unfaithful. Then one day, a campervan breaks down in front of their house. The driver is Marijo , a 40s-ish butch lesbian who works as a DJ. She asks to use their phone. Loli has a blocked sink, so in exchange for using the phone, Marijo gets Loli's drain back in working order. Loli and Marijo begin an affair. Laurent is upset, but then his friend Antoine  accidentally reveals Laurent's philandering to Loli. This seems to justify her romance. Marijo moves into the house. Antoine then suggests that Laurent let Loli have her way, cease all hostility, and wait for the affair to burn out. Laurent agrees, and the household becomes a seemingly idyllic ménage à trois. But his strategy has its effect, especially after another lesbian couple, old friends of Marijo, happen by. Laurent welcomes them, but Loli becomes annoyed and jealous. Marijo decides that the situation is not really going to work. She knows that Laurent wants her to leave. While Loli is away on a trip, Marijo makes a deal with Laurent. She will break up with Loli and leave immediately, if Laurent will give her something she has wanted for years: a baby. Laurent has sex with Marijo to get her pregnant, and Marijo departs before Loli returns. Laurent tells Loli nothing, as agreed with Marijo. Laurent and Loli settle back down to their old life, but their relationship has been deeply affected. Then Loli hears from a mutual acquaintance that Marijo is living in Paris and is several months pregnant. Loli is astonished and shocked. She insists that she and Laurent go to Paris and contact Marijo. They find her working as a DJ in a lesbian dance club. Their intrusion provokes a quarrel with the club owner, who fires Marijo. Loli and Laurent take her back to their home, where she has her baby. The ménage à trois is re-established, with the two mothers caring for their children. As a final twist, a handsome man  moves into the neighbourhood and he and Laurent gaze into each other's eyes..."] ['Wayne Dobie  is a meek Chicago Police Department crime scene photographer who has spent years on the job without ever drawing his gun; his colleagues jokingly call him "Mad Dog". Mad Dog saves the life of mob boss Frank Milo  during a hold-up in a convenience store. Milo offers Mad Dog a gift in return: for one week, he will have the "personal services" of Glory , a young woman who works as a bartender at Milo\'s club. Mad Dog learns that Glory is trying to pay off a personal debt and wants nothing to do with Milo beyond that. After an awkward start, they fall in love. Mad Dog wants her to move into his apartment, but Milo has no intention of losing Glory permanently. Milo says that Mad Dog has to pay $40,000 to give Glory her freedom, and sends one of his thugs to back up this threat. Mad Dog\'s partner, Mike , fights the thug on Mad Dog\'s behalf. Mad Dog does his best to get the money but falls short by $12,500. Knowing that Mike can no longer fight his battles, he works up the courage to fight for Glory himself, and ends up fighting with Milo in the street. Fed up, Milo washes his hands of Mad Dog and lets Glory go with no strings attached.'] ['Charlie "C.D." Bales  is the fire chief in a small American town in the Pacific Northwest. C.D. is witty, acrobatic and skilled at many things, but he has a very large nose, about which he is violently sensitive. He falls in love with Roxanne Kowalski , a beautiful astronomer, but she is infatuated with Chris , a handsome but dim fireman. As in the play, Bales is touchy about his perceived ugliness  and speaks to the object of adoration the only way he can: he writes expressions of love in letter form and allows Chris to present them to Roxanne as if they were his own. Roxanne receives a letter from Chris telling her that he has left town with another woman. C.D.\'s friend Dixie reveals that the letters Roxanne thought were written by Chris were actually written for her by C.D. When C.D. arrives at her home in response to a call from her, she confronts him about the letters. C.D. and Roxanne then end up in an argument, she claiming that he was deceiving her and leading her on, while C.D. says that she wanted the perfect man who was both emotionally and physically beautiful. In the end, C.D. and Roxanne forgive one another and Roxanne confesses her love for C.D. and his characteristic nose. She says that flat-nosed people are too boring and bland, and that his nose gives him character. Bales and Roxanne then kiss under the beautiful stars, and live happily ever after. Other stories in the movie include C.D. dealing with the incompetence of his volunteer firemen , the appearance of a new comet, which Roxanne had come to observe, and a café owner , who is a friend to both C.D. and Roxanne.'] ['Charles Todd "Chuck" Levine and Lawrence Arthur "Larry" Valentine (Adam Sandler and [[Kevin James  are two veteran FDNY fire fighters. Chuck is a bachelor and womanizer and Larry is a widower who tries to raise his two children. During a routine sweep of a burned building, a segment of floor collapses and Chuck almost dies. Larry eventually rescues Chuck by shielding him from the falling debris. As he and Larry are awaken at a hospital later, Chuck vows to repay his debt in any way possible. The incident prompts Larry to realize the fact that death can come for him at any moment, but he has difficulties naming his children as primary beneficiaries in his life insurance policy. One of the ways suggested for him to do so is to get married. Inspired by a newspaper article about domestic partnerships, Larry asks Chuck to enter a civil union with him. Although at first Chuck declines, he is reminded of his debt to Larry and finally agrees. Chuck and Larry become domestic partners and Chuck becomes Larry\'s primary beneficiary in the event of his death. Soon, New York City investigators arrive to inquire about their partnership, suspecting fraud. Chuck and Larry decide to enlist the help of a lawyer, Alex McDonough , who suggests that they get married. Chuck and Larry then marry in Canada and move in together. At a gay benefit costume party, the partygoers are confronted by homophobic protestors, whose leader, a minister , calls Chuck a "faggot". Chuck punches him, causing the event to be published in a newspaper. With their apparent homosexuality and marriage revealed, the pair come under fire: Chuck and Larry are heckled, while their fellow FDNY firefighters refuse to work or even play basketball alongside the couple. Their only ally is Fred G. Duncan , an angry, intimidating firefighter who comes out to a very surprised Chuck. Larry\'s effeminate son Eric  is harassed in school by a homophobic bully - but he surprises everybody by easily winning the fight. During the ordeal, the previously homophobic pair come to understand what it is like to be persecuted, and become more accepting of homosexuality. Chuck becomes romantically interested in Alex after the two spend time together, but finds himself unable to get close to her because she thinks he is gay. Meanwhile, city agent Clinton Fitzer  arrives to investigate the couple. The strain on both Larry and Chuck leads to a verbal fight and also working different shifts, although there was a petition to have Chuck and Larry thrown out of the firehouse. This prompts Larry to confront the crew about their personal embarrassments on the job that Chuck and Larry helped them overcome. After this a call goes out and before they go on the call Larry even goes as far as to say: "Oh! A fire. I hope its not a big one because the faggot who\'s been saving your sorry asses thanks to you is on another shift". After Larry\'s shift is over, Chuck and Larry reconcile their differences. The marriage soon comes under fire, as numerous women provide testimonies as to having slept with Chuck in the recent past, and the couple is called into court to defend their marriage on charges of fraud. They are defended by Alex, and their fellow firefighters arrive in support, after they realize all Chuck and Larry done for them over the years, and how they were treating Chuck and Larry. Fitzer interrogates both men, who testify that they genuinely love each other . As his final demand, Fitzer asks for the pair to kiss to prove that their relationship is physical, but before they do so, they are interrupted by Captain Phineas J. Tucker , who finally reveals that their marriage is a sham and that they are both straight. Tucker attempts to save Chuck and Larry by claiming that he would have to be arrested as well, since he knew about the fakery, but failed to report it. This prompts the other firefighters to each claim a role in the wedding in a show of solidarity. Unfortunately, with these revelations, Chuck, Larry, and other firefighters are sent to jail, but they are quickly released after negotiating a deal to provide photos for an AIDS research benefit calendar. The deal including pleading guilty to fraud, which would reduce the charges to a misdemeanor. Two months later, Duncan and Alex\'s brother, Kevin  are married in Canada at the same chapel as Chuck and Larry were. At the wedding party, Larry finally moves on after the death of his wife and talks to a new woman, while Alex tentatively agrees to a dance with Chuck. The film ends when Lance Bass sings, and little Eric tap-dances.'] ["The movie starts with Nikhil Chopra being interviewed by a reporter in New York asking him about his newly directed movie and why he chose a serious subject and he replies saying that he was asked by someone to be true to yourself and this movie shows the biggest truth about him. He then receives a message and rushes outside to catch a cab. In the cab, he remembers how he met Lalitha at the London airport in 2005. She misses her connecting flight to New York and bumps into Nikhil while collecting her luggage. They instantly strike a chord and decide to explore London as both of them do not want to head away to their homes but enjoy their first day of freedom. During the day, they roam around in London, explore tourist locales, get drenched in rain and discuss personal ambitions. As the day ends, Nikhil and Lalitha become close but Lalitha declares that she cannot have a long distance relationship with him. While parting ways, Nikhil buys a ticket for himself and tells Lalitha that he will come to New York in 6 months to meet her. She says that they should not write to each other and he agrees to meet her in New York airport. After 2 years, Nikhil rushes to Paris when he finds out that Lalitha has come there for an exchange program. It is revealed that Nikhil could never make it to New York as he had promised to Lalitha. Lalitha is at first angry with Nikhil for ditching her, however soon she makes peace with the fact and they set out roaming the streets of Paris. They still feel the same attraction for each other and end up spending the night together in Nikhil's hotel. Nikhil admits that he is in love with Lalitha. They start out to watch the film he has made for his course but Lalitha is unable to control her emotions on seeing it. It is revealed that Lalitha had actually taken a trip to London when she also realized that she was in love with Nikhil. However, she finds him in bed with her film actress which completely breaks her heart. She resolved to get even with Nikhil if given a chance. Realizing that Nikhil is in love with her, she breaks his heart too and leaves for New York. The film moves forward to present day when Nikhil lands outside Lalitha's house. They go together for a cab ride in New York City. Lalitha tells him that she is getting married and relocating to Mumbai. Nikhil tried his best to win Lalitha' heart. Lalitha also apologized for breaking his heart. They again spend the night together on the streets. However, as morning dawns in, Lalitha starts rushing for her wedding which leaves Nikhil heartbroken again as he had thought he had won back Lalitha's love. He takes out his angst at her explaining to her, how she had been all wrong in this relationship. Lalitha leaves for her house. Nikhil rushes first to her church where Lalitha was getting married and then to her house only to find out that Lalitha had called off her marriage. They again meet outside her house and decide to spend the rest of their lives together."] ["The film is set on Cape Cod, Massachusetts in 1912. It follows the story of two lighthouse attendants who swear to abstain from women, until two women arrive for their summer vacation. Based on 'The Woman Haters' by Joseph C. Lincon: http://www.gutenberg.org/files/2372/2372-h/2372-h.htm"] ['Comedy about a naval officer, Harry Mallory  and his would-be bride Marjorie Newton  who spend most of their time running up and down a train looking for a clergyman to marry them.'] ['Vartan Malt  is the editor of a tabloid called the National Mirror that specializes in unlikely stories about celebrities and frankly unbelievable tales about ordinary folkspersons. When Malt gets word that a woman is supposedly harboring an angel in a small town in Iowa, he figures that this might be up the Mirror\'s alley, so he sends out three people to get the story – Frank Quinlan , a reporter whose career has hit the skids; Huey Driscoll , a photographer on the verge of losing his job ; and Dorothy Winters , a self-styled "angel expert" . They arrive at the roaming house of Pansy Milbank , who informs them that she does indeed have an angel for a tenant and introduces them to Michael . Michael has wings like an angel, but the resemblance ends there. Michael loves cigarettes, sugar, has an uncontrollable belly laugh, tends to use a large number of non-angelic phrases, does not care much for personal hygiene, and smells like cookies. Michael informs his visitors that an angel is allowed to take a certain number of "vacations" on Earth and that he is in the midst of one now. That said, this is the last vacation he is allowed, and he has decided to make the most of it. After Pansy unexpectedly dies, Frank and Huey stumble upon a great story idea-- if Michael wants to have some fun, why not take him to Chicago, where he can really kick up his heels? Michael reveals that this was his plan from the beginning. The rest of the film deals with the experiences that Frank, Huey, Dorothy, Sparky, and Michael have while driving to Chicago . During the trip it is slowly revealed that Michael\'s mission on Earth is to get Frank and Dorothy together despite both having had bad experiences with love. After Sparky is hit by a truck and killed, Michael brings him back to life. In the process he uses up his allotment of miracles and begins to weaken. The group reaches Chicago just in time for Michael to see the Sears Tower  before disappearing. After Frank and Dorothy go their separate ways, Michael returns one more time  and successfully gets Frank and Dorothy back together for good.'] ["Set in the silent film era, Rainbow Studios figures they are losing revenue to a rival studio because they don't have Rudolph Valentino. Led by studio head Adolph Zitz, they decide to hold a contest for the World's Greatest Lover in order to find a star to combat Valentino's popularity. Rudy Hickman is a neurotic baker, but aspires to become a Hollywood star. His entry into the contest  tests his marriage, and his neuroses manifest in his screen test, where he nearly kills his fellow actress. Surprisingly, this behavior scores favorably with Zitz and the studio executives reviewing his performance. He gets a slot in the final phase of the contest, just after finding his wife Annie has left him."] ["Harry Crystal  is a popular stage actor of the 1950s, and Artie Shoemaker  is an up-and-coming actor. During the fixing of props, Artie is almost fired for a big mistake; when Harry takes Artie under his wing, things get complicated. Adding to the situation is Harry's setting Artie up with sexy chorus Dancer Ramona ."] ["Pod is a country boy who moves to Bangkok, despite his grandmother's warning that he'll grow a tail. He finds a small house to live in and takes a job in a sardine cannery, getting rides to work on the back of a motorcycle taxi, the rider of which has been made a zombie after one day it rained motorcycle helmets and he wasn't wearing one. One hot day the assembly line at the cannery malfunctions. In the confusion, Pod chops his index finger off and it ends up in a can that is trucked away to a local grocery store. He searches everyday, buying can after can of sardines. Eventually he sees a can jumping around and opens it to find a finger. He attaches it simply by pressing it into place. But something doesn’t feel right. He must have someone else’s finger. During a lunch break, he recognises his own finger on a co-worker who’s getting ready to pick his nose. He wrests the finger away and gives the man the other finger in return. The nose-picker is named Yod, and the two become friends. Not wishing to lose any more fingers, Pod quits the factory and becomes a security guard. On the job in an office, he meets Jin, a maid who has her nose perpetually buried in a mysterious white book written in a foreign language that she dreams of someday understanding. The book literally landed at her feet one day while she was still living in the countryside, and since then she has been trying to decipher its meaning. She has obsessive-compulsive disorder, which makes her want to constantly clean and set things in order. Pod is smitten and wishes to be closer to Jin. Inspired by Yod and his Chinese empress girlfriend, who consummated their relationship on a crowded bus, Pod asks Jin if she would like to ride the bus. But Jin refuses, saying she breaks out in a rash whenever she takes crowded public transport. Pod quits his job as a guard and becomes a taxicab driver so he can drive her to work. Eventually, he expresses his true feelings for Jin, but she’s become obsessed with a hippie farang, whom she's seen reading the same white book she has. She imagines the man is named Peter and believes he is an environmental activist who was killed in a protest in Washington, D.C.. Inspired, she starts collecting plastic bottles, gathering enough to create a mountain that towers over the city, and joins an environmental protest movement calling for a ban on plastic. Meanwhile, Pod has adventures in his taxicab, giving rides to a little girl with a foul mouth who smokes cigarettes and plays videogames. She has a teddy bear who also swears, smokes and drinks whiskey, and she eventually throws the teddy bear away. Another passenger is a man who incessantly licks things, and Pod must find a solution to make him stop. He also meets his grandmother, reincarnated as a gecko, who repeats her premonition that he'll grow a tail if he stays in the city. Jin discovers Peter at a rally, who reveals his name is actually Andre and that the white book is an Italian gay romance novel. Crestfallen, Jin throws away the book and her activist lifestyle and leaves Bangkok, telling Pod she needs to be away from him. Pod quits as a taxi driver and returns to the country, only to grow bored as country life has literally slowed down compared to his life in Bangkok. He returns to the city to find that everyone now can and has grown a tail, except for him. He becomes a celebrity, but continues to search for Jin in vain. Pod climbs the plastic mountain and finds her there, confesses his love again and kisses her, overwhelming her doubts about their future. Six months later, the mountain is a picnic for lovebirds, the girl and her teddy bear marry, and Jin, now running a plastic company into the ground as a successful business woman, is married to Pod and expecting a child. Through a long list of reincarnated animals, Pod believes that his child will actually be his grandmother."] ['Wan Tin-Sau  is an actor who cannot seem to catch a break, since his only professional jobs are limited to being a movie extra and is often tormented on stage. As well as being an actor, he is also the head of his village\'s community centre. One day a group of club girls come to ask Wan to help them act like innocent schoolgirls so they can make more money. One of the girls, Lau Piu-Piu , although a little hardy at first due to how she was first forced into becoming a call girl due to her ex-boyfriend  to make ends meet, becomes a better actress through Wan\'s instruction and falls in love with him. When both characters finally make love, Wan searches his home for enough money to pay Piu-piu for her "services", since he thinks she slept with him for money . After Piu-piu leaves him in anger, he goes back to the film studio where he always harasses crew members for a role, and finally hits the big time, receiving a part as Leading actor next to a legendary actress, Sister Cuckoo . During this time, Wan reconciles with Piu-piu and he pledges to support her for the rest of his life. Just as Wan is about to settle in the life of a movie star, his dreams of grandeur are crushed when his part is given to a highly sought after male lead. Luckily, he regains his confidence with the help of the misanthropic lunchman at the studio , who is secretly a C.I.B. agent. Wan is used in an undercover operation, where he is disguised as a delivery boy and made to deliver a hidden gun and listening device inside Take-out food. Although the ruse is discovered and the C.I.B. undercover agent is shot, Wan takes up the gun and saves the day. The lunchman is rushed to the hospital and survives his wounds. After a somewhat successful sting, Wan finally becomes famous through a performance of the "Thunder Storm". The actors include Piu-piu, Sister Cuckoo, and his wanna-be Triad students. The end of the film involves a blatant marketing plug for Pringles brand potato chips. The entire cast of the play stands backstage rehearsing their lines while literally stuffing their mouths full of Pringles, with the logos of all five cans clearly facing towards the camera. At one point, Wan and one of his triad students argues over who should play the role of Bruce Lee\'s character, when another actor screams "don\'t fight, eat chips!" When the closing credits role, a quick Pringles advertisement appears on the screen.'] ['The plot surrounds a confused bride Melissa  who wakes hand-cuffed to a Mexican stranger who claims to be her husband; she has no recollection of the marriage after having consumed a Mexican "moonshine" drink and having forgotten the events that occurred the previous night.'] ["The film tells of Daniel , a coming-of-age seventeen-year-old orphan growing up in a small town in rural Argentina. Daniel feels trapped in his town. He has grown tired of living with his grandparents, and hates he his job. He does, however, enjoy sneaking into the local movie theatre to watch the latest film from porn star Sabrina Love . Daniel enters a contest where a lucky fellow will win a date with the sexy actress. The letter he sends earns him the grand prize. Daniel has to get to Buenos Aires for his big moment, but has no money. Daniel is forced to hitchhike from one side of Argentina to the other, and has a number of interesting experiences along the way. He encounters a handful of unusual people: his brother , who hasn't yet accepted his parents' death; a free-thinking writer ; and a reporter  with love on her mind. When he meets up with the confident older actress he has a lesson or two to learn about the ways of the world."] ['The story revolves around three married couples who take vacations together during each of the seasons. After this pattern has been established, Nick leaves his wife of 21 years, Anne, for a much younger woman, Ginny. He then proceeds to bring Ginny on the usual vacation trips, causing the other two couples to be uncomfortable, feeling as if they have betrayed their good friend Anne.'] ['Victor  is an actor in London who is desperate to stop his ex-girlfriend, Sylvia , to whom he was unfaithful, from marrying another man. After meeting two mysterious dustmen, he is given the chance to travel back in time and relive his romance. However, he finds that things develop differently this time around&mdash;Sylvia has an affair with Dave , and she leaves him.'] ["The plot centers around Jocelyn Bennett , an intern at the fictional New York City magazine, Skirt. Horribly mistreated, overworked and underpaid, Jocelyn lives for Skirt. When a spy begins to hand over Skirt's spreads and story ideas to its rival glossy, Vogue, Skirt magazine finds itself in a bind. Desperate to apprehend the spy and save the name of Skirt, Jocelyn makes it her mission. Along the way, she meets Paul Rochester , the British art director at Skirt, with whom she has much in common. When she finds herself falling in love, one thing stands in her way: Paul's supermodel girlfriend, Resin . Resin then dumps Paul for another model, and Paul and Jocelyn get engaged."] ['Winthrop Putnam is the Assistant Secretary to the Assistant to the Undersecretary of State, and was formerly Assistant Assistant Secretary to the Assistant to the Undersecretary of State. He sends an invitation to Ethel Barrymore to represent the American theatre at an art exposition in Paris. Instead, the invitation is received and accepted by Ethel "Dynamite" Jackson, an All-American Broadway chorus girl. Ethel and Winthrop meet on the way to Paris and fall in love. However, Winthrop is engaged to Marcia Sherman, daughter of his boss Secretary Robert Sherman. After a misunderstanding, Winthrop and Ethel ultimately end up together.'] ['Eight years have gone by since divorced father Scott Calvin  first took up the Santa Claus suit, and became subject to The Santa Clause. Now he is at the top of his game at the North Pole and could not be happier, at least until Bernard  and Curtis , the Keeper of the Handbook of Christmas break the news that there is another clause - the "Mrs. Clause" that is so old it had only just been noticed hidden in the contract. Santa/Scott now has to get married before the next Christmas Eve, or the clause will be broken and Christmas will die away. At the same time, Abby the Elf  delivers news that is more distressing; his 16-year-old son, Charlie , is on the naughty list. It then cuts to him one night defacing the walls of the school gymnasium from the skywindow until he is caught by Principal Carol Newman . Scott must return to his hometown to search for a wife and set things right with Charlie. He even brings this up when visited by the Council of Legendary Figures consisting of Mother Nature , Father Time , Cupid , the Easter Bunny , the Tooth Fairy , and the Sandman . In the meantime, Scott stays with his ex-wife Laura  and her husband Neil . The two have grown to adore and idolize him simply because he\'s Santa. They now have a daughter named Lucy  who sees Scott as an uncle-figure but suspects that he\'s Santa Claus. To cover for Santa\'s prolonged absence, Curtis helps him create a life-size toy replica of him, much to Bernard\'s horror. However, this larger-than-life legalist cannot find any grace, mercy, or slack in his plastic heart for minor infractions by children all over the world, having followed the handbook too strictly. Toy Santa takes control of the North Pole, turns it into a strict and evil government, with a duplicated army of life-size toy soldiers and he puts Bernard under house arrest when Bernard attempts to tell the elves that Toy Santa is a fake. He thinks that everyone is naughty,  and he plans to give the entire world lumps of coal. Because of the impending end of his contract, Scott undergoes a "de-Santafication process" which gradually turns him back into Scott Calvin. He has a limited amount of magic to help him. He attempts to reconcile with Charlie, who keeps vandalizing his school to get attention. They both hit the cold hard wall of Principal Carol Newman when Charlie defaces the lockers. Charlie confesses to Scott how hard it is for him that Scott is never around like other fathers, and reveals the stress he is under to conceal the secret that his father is Santa. Scott vows to try harder as a dad, and they reconcile. After a few failed dates, Scott finds himself falling for Carol. He accompanies her in a sleigh to their school faculty Christmas party, which turns out to be dull and boring. Using a little of his Christmas magic, he livens it up by presenting everyone with their childhood dream gifts . He makes a special presentation to Carol, and, with his last remnant of magic, wins her over and they kiss passionately. However, she balks when he attempts to explain that he is Santa, believing that he is mocking her childhood, until Charlie manages to convince her by showing her his magic snow globe. Curtis flies in to deliver the dreadful news about the Evil Toy Santa\'s coal binge and urges him to return to the North Pole to save Christmas. Unfortunately, Scott has used up the last of his magic wooing Carol, Comet has eaten too many chocolate bars and Curtis\' jetpack has been destroyed upon arrival. After convincing the Tooth Fairy that he is Santa Claus, the Tooth Fairy flies Scott and Curtis back to the North Pole but they are captured by the toy soldiers. Toy Santa wastes no time in tying him up with Curtis, but Charlie and a now-believing Carol spring him free by summoning the Tooth Fairy to fly them there after Charlie lost a tooth. He goes after Toy Santa, who has already left with the sleigh, riding Chet, a reindeer-in-training, and they both battle over the reindeer. With an army of elves, Carol, Bernard, Charlie, and Curtis lead a snowball war to overthrow the toy soldiers. During the battle, Toy Santa and Scott accidentally causes the sleigh to crash back into the village . Toy Santa is forcibly restrained by the elves and is reduced to his normal six-inch height. Scott marries Carol in a ceremony presided over by Mother Nature herself. He transforms back into Santa, and Christmas proceeds as it always has and he and Carol have a three month honeymoon to go on the next day. In addition, he and Charlie reveal the truth to Lucy about him being Santa Claus so she is now in on the secret, as well as pick up Comet.'] ['In the San Francisco of the 1970s, Don Baker , who was born blind, has lived all his life with his mother . When the Fletcher family moves near his home, he meets their daughter Linda Fletcher. Linda takes Don out to parties and fills him with confidence. She talks him into moving out of his mother\'s house and having his own apartment. She even finds an apartment for him. She encourages Don to become a musician. But after Don moves into his new apartment, Linda meets a guy from a party and goes to live with him in Mexico. Don finds himself all alone. He has made a contract that his mother will not come to see him for at least two months. One month has passed. This is when Jill Tanner  moves in an apartment next door to Don. She listens to Don talking to his mother over the phone and turns on the radio. When Don asks her to turn the volume down, she invites herself over for a cup of coffee. They start talking and find each other friendly. Jill does not realize that Don is blind, until she sees him dropping his cigarette ash on the table. Jill has never met a blind man before, so she asks all sorts of question about how Don manages everyday chores. She tells Don that her favorite quote is from Mark Twain: "I only ask to be free. The butterflies are free. Mankind will surely not deny to Harold Skimpole what it concedes to the butterflies." Don corrects her that actually this is a quote from Bleak House by Charles Dickens. Don makes up a song and starts to sing Butterflies are free on his guitar. Jill takes Don out for shopping to find better-fitting clothes for an aspiring musician. They have dinner together and later spend the night together in Don\'s bed. In the morning Don\'s mother, Mrs. Baker , surprises Don with a visit. Mrs. Baker sees that Don has attached himself to Jill . She fears that Jill will break Don\'s heart just like Linda did. She takes Jill out for a lunch and tries to talk her out of Don\'s life. Jill has strong feelings for Don and tells Mrs. Baker that if there is someone who should get out of Don\'s life, it is she. However, Jill herself has problems making a commitment, and when she starts to fall for Don, she begins to look for ways to end the growing relationship. She makes a dinner date with Don, but she appears over three hours late with another man, Ralph . She announces that she is moving in with Ralph, who is director of a play in which she\'ll be acting . This breaks Don\'s heart and he gets ready to go home with his mother. Mrs. Baker, who had been telling Don to come back home, makes an about-face and starts telling him not to come home and to face life\'s challenges. Mrs. Baker leaves. Soon after, Jill departs. Don is shattered and trips over the sofa. Sitting on the floor, he puts his head down on the table in despair. This is when he hears someone opening the door of the apartment. Jill walks in and asks Don what he\'s doing on the floor. Don says, "I was just about to have a picnic." Jill asks, "Without me?" Don answers, "I didn\'t know I had a choice." The picture ends with the two embracing.'] ['Jackie Laurens  is a recently divorced, 40-year-old and mother of two pre-teen kids who takes a vacation alone to Hawaii where, against her better judgment, she meets and hooks up with a hunky, much younger resident surf instructor named Kyle Hamilton . But what began as a one-night stand turns into love as when her vacation is done, she flies to Hawaii every chance she gets to meet with her latest love interest, which soon gets disapproval from her ex-husband, her teenage kids, and even her close friends. As time and the pressure from everyone around her to break it off with Kyle pushes Jackie to her breaking point, it will only take her beau Kyle to teach her how to cope before life passes her by.'] ['Sabrina Fairchild  is the young daughter of the Larrabee family\'s chauffeur, Thomas ([[John Williams , and has been in love with David Larrabee  all her life. David is an oft-married, idle playboy, crazy for women, who has never noticed Sabrina, much to her and the staff\'s dismay. Sabrina then attends culinary school in Paris and returns as an attractive and sophisticated woman. Hepburn sings "La vie en rose" , the signature song of French singer Édith Piaf{{emdash}}which had been highly popular in the English-speaking world as well as in France, since Piaf came out with it in 1946. The occasion for Hepburn to sing it is at the episode of Sabrina\'s return from Paris, when she is far more assertive than before setting out, and her life does turn rosier. David, after initially not recognizing her, is quickly drawn to her. David\'s workaholic older brother Linus  sees this and fears that David\'s imminent wedding with a very rich woman, Elizabeth , may be endangered. If the wedding were to be canceled, so would a great corporate deal with the bride\'s family. So Linus tries to redirect Sabrina\'s affections, and in the process falls in love with her. At the end Sabrina sets off for Paris on a boat, after Linus has told her to leave and never come back. The next day Linus has second thoughts and decides to call off his brother\'s wedding with Elizabeth and send David off on the ship to Paris with Sabrina. He calls a board meeting to announce his decision, but when it turns out that David has not boarded the ship, but instead intends to go through with the marriage, Linus realizes that he is in love with Sabrina. He manages to get on the boat, and the couple sails away together to Paris.'] ["The film revolves around Unni, a cab driver, who tries to find a girl for John Fernandez, an American citizen who wishes to spend his holidays in Ootty. What he demands is just money which he needs to pay his family's debt. But he ends up falling in love with the young girl he finds."] ["The film is set during spring break in Fort Lauderdale, Florida; Texan singing waitress Kelly Taylor  meets Pennsylvanian college student Justin Bell , and they fall for each other, and various romantic complications ensue. Kelly's friend Kaya  falls in love with charming busboy Carlos ; Kelly's other friend, Alexa , schemes to keep Justin and Kelly from meeting; Justin's friend Brandon  is always getting on the wrong side of a sexy beach patrolwoman ; and Justin's other friend, Eddie , tries to hook up with a cyberpal.{{cite web}}"] ["The film starts off with Tom and Sarah in the airport. When Tom Leezak is back again to the radio, he reminisces and tells all of the details from the day they first met to back to the airport. Tom Leezak  and Sarah McNerney  meet up when Tom accidentally hits Sarah with a football. A few months later, despite opposition from Sarah's rich, uptight family they get married. However they each have a secret that they want to keep from each other: Tom doesn't want Sarah to know that he accidentally killed her dog and Sarah doesn't want Tom to know she slept with Peter Prentiss . Tom and Sarah decide to honeymoon at a classy hotel at the foot of the Alps. On their way there, they attempt to join the mile high club, but fail when the captain turns on the fasten seat belt sign and they are forced to go back to their seats. They arrive at the hotel and discover that Tom's friend Kyle left them a present: the Thunderstick A-200, which is a sex toy. Tom tries to plug the toy in the socket, but the plug isn't built for a European outlet and he shuts down the entire village's electricity when he tries to force it in. The newlyweds leave the hotel after Tom has a heated argument with the hotel owner. While trying to find another hotel they crash and get buried under a heap of snow, but they are able to climb out in the morning. Eventually, they get a ride from a truck driver and end up staying at a pensione in Venice. The pensione turns out to be very bad, and they soon check out after Tom discovers a cockroach on his neck while the couple are attempting to make love. The couple manage to secure a nice hotel with the financial help of Sarah's father, who demands that Tom pay the money back as soon as he can. The next day they go sightseeing in Venice, but Tom quickly gets bored and the couple decide to split up for the day: Tom going to the bar to watch sports and his wife continuing to see Venice. Sarah realizes that Peter is staying at her hotel. This prompts her to initiate a conversation with Tom in which he reveals that he accidentally killed her dog and she reveals she slept with Peter Prentiss. The couple storm out of the hotel and each go their separate ways: Tom going to the bar, where he meets a girl, and Sarah going sightseeing again, where she meets Peter. The girl begins to flirt with Tom and the two end up dancing. When Tom realizes she wants to have sex with him, he makes an excuse and escapes through the toilet window. He goes back to the hotel, only to find out that Sarah is with Peter. This prompts him to go back to the bar, where he meets the girl again, and the girl clearly wants to have sex with him. Tom tries to think of a clever way to get out of this and agrees to walk with the girl to her hotel. Except the girl tricks Tom into revealing his hotel, and in a desperate attempt to go to bed with him, falsely says she's at the same hotel. She tricks Tom again at the hotel and says she's lost her key and needs to call the front desk, Tom all the while trying to avoid this situation. Once in Tom and Sarah's room, the girl rips off her top and bra and tries to have sex with Tom. Tom is doing everything possible to get away. And, as she is mounting him and trying to make out with him, Tom blurts out that he's on his honeymoon, and the girl finally leaves. Peter convinces Sarah to go with him for a drink, promising her a ride home. He eventually takes her home and kisses her, but she slaps him and tells him that she's on her honeymoon. Tom sees the kiss but does not see her slap him and assumes that Sarah is having a relationship with Peter. This prompts him to initiate an argument with Sarah, during which she finds a bra that the girl who Tom was with left behind. Sarah throws an ashtray at Tom, hitting him in the head, enraging him. Peter bursts in the room tells Sarah to run away with him to Seattle. Tom equips himself with a fire poker and starts shouting at Peter, breaking things in the process. Peter runs away from the scene, asking the maître d' to call the police. Tom chases Peter out of the hotel where Tom gets arrested, and he and Sarah end up in a prison cell. Peter bails them out and this time the couple, angry at each other, decide to go home to Los Angeles. The film switches to the present, where Sarah has moved out and Tom wants to get back with her. Upon receiving advice from his father , Tom attempts to break into Sarah's family's household to tell her that he loves her, but gives up after unsuccessfully trying to ram the gate with a Dodge Challenger after unsuccessfully trying to convince her family to open it. However Sarah opens the gate herself after seeing Tom make a romantic speech to the camera and the two rush out to proclaim their love for each other. Sarah's family also finally accepts Tom with her father telling her to go to him after she opens the gate. The film ends with the couple recounting events from the honeymoon and Sarah's family finally approving of their marriage."] ["Geetanjali a.k.a. Geeta  goes to Kanyakumari on a trip. She finds a poem in a diary left on a beach and signs in it. Her anklet falls into the ocean and a guy jumps into the water in front of her eyes but no one sees him resurfacing. However, Geeta did not see who jumped in the ocean. She dreams about the incident frequently with the idea that the guy who jumped has died but her friends ask her to forget it. Ajay  is a spoiled brat, and is the son of local MP Avataram . He likes to flirt with beautiful girls and wants them to be his girlfriends. One day he sees Geeta and proposes to her. When she refuses, he threatens to jump from the top of college building. Being a weak-minded girl, Geeta accepts the proposal with the thought that as some guy has already died for her and she doesn't want someone to get hurt because of her and starts dating him. Arya  is a happy-go-lucky guy who enjoys his life with friends and kids. On his first day to the college, he sees Geeta who was just confessing her love to Ajay who was at the top of the college building, threatening her. Charmed by her beauty, Arya falls in love with her and proposes to her. She actually rejects his proposal saying that she is already committed to Ajay. One day Avataram arranges a party in his house and it so turns out that Ajay introduces Geeta to his father and persuades him to fix their marriage. Ajay's father, who initially pretended to accept his son's marriage with Geeta, turns tables upside down by introducing another girl Lalasa and announces that his son is going to marry Lalasa. He threatens his son not to marry anyone except Lalasa. Being embarrassed by the situation and helpless, Ajay sits down and starts to get frustrated. Arya, who loves Geeta so much that he never hesitated to help her, decides to bring Ajay to Geeta and helps them elope. On their way, they are followed by Avataram's henchmen. The three youngsters find a train and get into it. When they get down from the train in the night, they are shocked to see the leader of Avataram's henchmen who forces Geeta to come with him, defying his boss' order. On the other hand Ajay remains helpless, while Arya bravely fights all the men and finally defeats them, rescuing Ajay and Geeta. They walk on to the nearby town, Arya's hometown. Being tired, the three go to bed. The next morning they wake up and realize that Ajay is missing. Arya tries to convince Geeta that Ajay left to win over his father. This leaves private time for Arya and Geeta and they grow close to each other. Geetha starts liking Arya. But when she tries to reveal it to him, Ajay and his father return. Avataram agrees to get Ajay married to Geeta. On the day of wedding, Geeta finds out that Arya was the guy who dove into the sea for her anklet and realizes that he came into her life much before Ajay. She realizes that while Ajay blackmailed her into loving him, Arya just wanted to see her happy. Geeta also realizes that Arya truly loves her, while Ajay was just acting on his impulse of wanting what he couldn't have. She leaves the wedding hall in tears and confesses her love to Arya."] ['On his wedding day, Prince John commits a romantic indiscretion and is "frogged".  He is cursed by turning him into a frog for eternity unless a woman kisses him and marries him. For good measure, his squire Rodney is also frogged. Moving forward 500 years, the Prince and Rodney, in the form of frogs, find themselves in New York\'s Central Park, where the Prince sees Kate driving her horse-drawn carriage and falls in love with her. However, the actress Margo impetuously picks up the Prince-frog and kisses him, breaking the curse until the next full moon, and turning the Prince and Rodney into their true human selves . Prince John and Rodney begin their search for the woman who kissed John, with the help of Kate. When the Prince in human form finally meets Margo, while performing Shakespeare\'s "Romeo and Juliet", she decides to make her unfaithful lover, Hamish, jealous by initiating a romantic tryst. The Prince, realizing that he must marry Margo in order to permanently break the curse, proposes marriage. Meanwhile, Rodney finds in Serena a fellow "wizard" and they try to find potions that will break the curse. In the end, the three couples manage to find themselves with the right person, the curse is forever broken by true love, and all marry to live happily ever after.'] ['As adults, Benjamin "Benny" Pearl  and his "ill" sister Juniper "Joon" Pearl , live together following the accidental death of their parents. Benny\'s friend Mike  has his cinemaphile cousin Sam  staying with him. Joon joins Benny and Mike\'s poker game, and loses a bet that commits Sam to live with the Pearls. Benny is at first outraged, but after an evening with Sam at the local diner and then coming home the next day to find Sam has cleaned the house, Benny decides Sam should be Joon\'s "housekeeper" since her other housekeepers had been scared away by Joon\'s outbursts. The next day, Joon aids an illiterate Sam when he is struggling with writing to his mom, and the two go to the local diner where Ruthie  is working. She takes them on errands, and then takes them home. After Ruthie stays for dinner, her car won\'t start, and Benny drives her home, where they set a dinner date. Meanwhile, left alone, Joon and Sam almost kiss. Benny and Ruthie have a fun date, but it ends abruptly because Benny wants to get home to Joon. The next day, Benny, Joon and Sam go to a park. Sam starts doing Keatonesque tricks with his hat, attracting an appreciative crowd. Benny tries to persuade Sam that he could do more with his life than be Joon\'s housekeeper. Benny heads to the park to reflect, and sends Joon home with Sam, where they make love; Sam tells Joon he loves her. The next morning Sam asks for a job at the video store; Benny persuades a buddy to let Sam audition. When Benny suggests to Sam that he should make something of himself, Joon becomes agitated and makes Sam explain that he and Joon are romantically involved. Benny throws Sam out of the house, yells at Joon, and shows her a pamphlet about a group home that Dr. Garvey  thinks would be a better home for her. Joon starts hitting Benny and screaming, and he pushes her away. Feeling bad, Benny leaves to get her some tapioca. While away, Sam arrives. They pack suitcases and get on a bus, but Joon soon begins to hear voices and argue with them, in great distress. Sam tries to soothe her, but she continues to become more agitated. The bus is stopped, and two men with the ambulance service restrain Joon. When Benny arrives at the hospital, Dr. Garvey tells him Joon doesn\'t want to see him. He finds Sam in the waiting room, and they argue. Sam goes to stay with Ruthie, who is an apartment manager. Benny finds Sam, now working at the video store and asks for his help. They go to the hospital. Benny persuades Joon to consider getting her own apartment and tries to convince her that Sam has come back for her. While being interviewed by Dr. Garvey, Joon sees Sam swinging on a platform outside her window and waving, and she states that she would like to try living in her own apartment. Dr. Garvey agrees to try out her choice. Benny and Joon reconcile, and Sam and Joon are reunited upon her release. At the end, Benny brings roses to Ruthie. He takes another bouquet upstairs to Joon\'s apartment but smiles and leaves the flowers in the doorway when he discovers Sam and Joon together contentedly making grilled cheese sandwiches with an iron.'] ["Sir William Rutland  is an important English businessman who arrives in the city two days early and is greeted by the housing shortage caused by the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo. While at the British Embassy seeking help, he notices an announcement of an available apartment and decides to check the place out. He finds himself at the residence of Christine Easton  who insists that it would be improper to take him in as a housemate—for while she forgot to advertise so, she naturally preferred a woman. Easton eventually lets Rutland stay—half because she is persuaded it is her patriotic duty to take him in and half because of Rutland’s own self-assured pushiness. Rutland then sublets half of his half of the cramped space to American Olympic competitor Steve Davis . While Easton is less than thrilled with the arrangement, she has to put up with it, as she has already spent Rutland's share of the rent. Rutland sets about playing matchmaker for the two young people, in spite of their disparate personalities and Easton’s engagement to boringly dependable British diplomat Julius P. Haversack . Davis repeatedly refuses to reveal what sport he is competing in. Rutland meddles in the young couple's romantic troubles. To further his matchmaking, he even strips down to his boxer shorts and a t-shirt so he can pretend to be a competitor and talk to Davis during his event, race walking, and try to heal the breach between the young lovers."] ['Thea Clayhill is about to lose her position as secretary to a very cranky publisher. So she lies about being pregnant to save her job, as she saw on an episode of Law & Order that it is discriminatory to fire a pregnant woman. The plan works, and she gets to keep her job. With help from her friend, Lisa - and a "baby bump" stolen from a mannequin&nbsp;— Thea fakes her pregnancy while figuring out her next move. In the meantime, her boss gets called out of town and his cute brother Nick takes over. In an attempt to get an author Suzie Cavandish to publish a book with the company, he takes Thea to a meeting with the author. Thea convinces the author that they are the right "home" for her book. Nick then launches a new parenting division at the publishing company, and he wants Thea to be the editor. This results in a raise and promotion for Thea, as well as the beginning of a romantic relationship between her and Nick after breaking off her fake engagement with Miles. She begins to enjoy her life to the extent that her "pregnancy" becomes real to her. In an attempt to get Thea to admit her lie to her family, her little sister, Emma throws Thea a surprise baby shower. When Thea still doesn\'t admit the lie, Emma destroys her pregnancy pillow in a fit of rage. Quickly, Thea grabs a balloon and leaves. Later that day, the author of the book is going to have a book reading, but her boss comes back a week early, and gets into an argument with Nick . After insulting Thea, she tries to go at him. Nick holds her back by the stomach, and her balloon pops, blowing her cover. After a couple of nights, Nick still does not answer the hundreds of calls Thea left him. She gets to go on the show talking about the book Suzie wrote. After everyone leaves, Thea and Nick kiss until the lights go out. Two years later, Thea, pregnant for real , goes into labor. Nick and Lisa are left pushing Thea to the hospital in a desk chair.'] ["In the early 1990s, retired entertainer Dixie Leonard  has a commitment to attend a Hollywood ceremony being televised live to honor her and longtime show-biz partner Eddie Sparks . When a young man from the TV show comes to pick her up, Dixie balks. She explains what brought Eddie and her together and drove them apart. The bulk of the film is an extended flashback. Dixie tells the story of how during World War II, she received an offer to go overseas and become a part of Eddie's act in entertaining the troops. Dixie is an immediate hit with the boys in uniform, but Eddie wants her gone, ostensibly because he finds her kind of humor too coarse, but really because she topped his jokes and stole the show. Dixie doesn't care for him much either, but fellow entertainers and her joke-writer uncle  persuade her to stay. Eddie wins her over, particularly by reuniting Dixie with her soldier husband on stage. Later in the war, however, Dixie's husband is killed in action. Despite her distaste for Eddie, she continues working with him back in the U.S. to support herself and her son. Eddie is married with daughters, but treats Dixie's son as if he were his own. The two bickering performers go overseas twice more to entertain the troops in the Korean War and the Vietnam War. They endure the horrors of combat, the sin of temptation where they appeared to have slept together after seeing a soldier killed in action, the taint of McCarthyism and, ultimately, the death of Dixie's son in Vietnam. Dixie has not forgiven Eddie for his part in all this. But, at the last minute, because he speaks of their joined loss in Vietnam, she consents to join him on stage for one last song and dance, before appearing to accept their mutual love for one another."] ["Although he has had a relationship with her for five years now, David is too afraid to commit to his girlfriend Sarah, who is pressuring him into proposing to her. While she goes away to New York for work for two months, David's friends persuade him to experience the wild dating scene one more time."] ["At a shareholders meeting for International Projects, a billion dollar corporation, John T. Blessington ([[John Williams  announces that he is replacing Edward L. McKeever , the company's founder, president and chairman of the board, as McKeever is resigning to go work for the federal government in Washington DC. Laura Partridge , a minority stockholder with just ten shares of stock, drives its arrogant, self-serving executives to distraction with her incessant questioning during this and subsequent meetings. Blessington comes up with the idea of hiring the struggling actress as Director of Shareholder Relations to keep her occupied answering letters from small shareholders. He assigns her a secretary, Amelia Shotgraven , with secret instructions to obstruct her as much as possible. The conscientious Miss Partridge, discovering there is nothing for her to do, decides to write the stockholders herself. She gains Amelia's friendship and wholehearted assistance by helping her develop a romantic relationship with office manager Mark Jenkins . When the directors find out, they fire Amelia. However, Laura discovers that Blessington's thoroughly unqualified brother-in-law, Harry Harkness , has driven a competitor into bankruptcy, unaware that International Projects owns the unfortunate company. With that as leverage, she gets Amelia rehired. Still determined to neutralize Laura, the board decides to send her to Washington to persuade McKeever to give them some government contracts. She agrees to go, with the secret intention of trying to convince him to return and take back control from his crooked cronies. However, the company directors recall that he has divested himself of all his shares and is thus powerless, so they brush him off. McKeever takes them to court, arguing that Laura was an unlicensed, illegal lobbyist, but when she is forced to admit on the stand that she had another, romantic reason for seeing him, the case is dropped. However, Laura has forged a warm relationship with many of the smaller investors while working at the company; they responded and sent in their proxies, giving her the right to vote their shares. McKeever uses these votes to replace the entire board. He later marries Laura. In gratitude for rescuing the company, the shareholders make a gift of a solid gold Cadillac to the happy couple."] ["Ayan Banerjee and Mohua Roy Chowdhury as the child-couple are still remembered lovingly. Such a simple story of love is entertaining as well as inspiring. Moreover, the blend of the pre-Independence political backdrop with the simple love life of the newlywed is excellently portrayed. On one hand you have the caricature of a typical Babu, who’s hell-bent on getting the ‘Raibahadur’ title from the British rulers played excellently by non other than Utpal Dutt, and on the other hand you have Biswajit, a Swadeshi who is out to teach the British rulers a lesson. The main focus is on Ayan, a notorious boy. To curb him, his parents get him married to Utpal Dutt’s daughter, Mohua. But he creates havoc in his in-laws’ house as well. The interplay between the two, their becoming friends, missing each other, understanding responsibilities towards each other all make for a charming love story. This is essentially a comedy with Tom Sawyeresque leanings laced elegantly into the fabric of Bengal of the late 19th or early 20th century. In the subtle backdrop of the Indian freedom movement, it is the story of the transformation of a young boy's innocent but naughty childhood to an appreciation of the Swadeshi movement and the growth of adolescent love for a girl even younger than him. The comedy is exceedingly natural and free-flowing. It includes a number of beautifully rendered traditional Bengali songs and is punctuated by a series of stand-offs faced by the young boy, mostly with unfavourable results for the opposing party. At heart, it is a beautiful pre-pubescent/adolescent love story. It was a huge box-office success when it came out and is an oft-watched movie even today."] ['Composer Peter Bretter  is in a five-year relationship with actress Sarah Marshall , who stars in a CSI-like television show, "Crime Scene: Scene of the Crime." One day, as Peter stands stark naked in their apartment, Sarah announces that she is breaking up with him. Devastated, and unable to banish his grief through one-night stands, Peter takes a trip to Hawaii. However, the vacation is ruined when he learns that Sarah and her new boyfriend Aldous Snow , lead singer of the English rock band Infant Sorrow, are also guests of the resort. Taking pity on him, hotel concierge Rachel  offers him an expensive suite for free in exchange for cleaning up the room himself. Peter begins spending time with Rachel and starts to develop feelings for her. Meanwhile, the relationship between Sarah and Aldous begins to falter. Much of the discord is triggered by the news that Sarah’s TV show has been canceled and Aldous is about to embark on a World Tour with his group, Infant Sorrow. During a day of surf and sand Aldous and Peter run into each other and begin talking. Inadvertently, Aldous informs Peter that he and Sarah began having sex a full year before she broke up with Peter. When Peter confronts Sarah, she tells him she began feeling disconnected emotionally from him and she couldn\'t do anything to make their relationship work. Further exacerbating the situation is Sarah\'s obvious jealousy of the budding relationship between Peter and Rachel. Later, Sarah, Aldous, Peter and Rachel share an awkward dinner together. After the dinner, Peter takes Rachel back to his hotel room and they begin to fool around. Sarah hears them through the wall and initiates sex with Aldous, moaning loudly for the benefit of the couple next door, and Rachel and Peter turn the situation into a game and become even louder. When Aldous realizes Sarah is clearly putting on a performance to try and get a rise out of Peter, he stops the sex and tells her the trip was a mistake as she\'s clearly not over Peter. They bicker furiously and cruelly, prompting Aldous to announce that the relationship is over. The next day Peter encounters Aldous, and learns that he and Sarah have broken up and that he is flying back to England. Peter goes to Sarah\'s room to console her where she admits she still loves him and tries to rekindle their romance. The two start to engage in sexual activity, but Peter abruptly cuts it off because of his feelings for Rachel, and his now ambivalent feelings towards Sarah. Peter immediately goes to Rachel to confess what happened, but she is hurt and demands that he leave and never contact her again. He flies back to Los Angeles and after a period of sadness and self-loathing, he begins working on his Dracula puppet rock opera, A Taste for Love. He sends an invitation to Rachel for the opening night performance. Although extremely hesitant at first, Rachel eventually decides to attend. After the performance Rachel congratulates Peter and tells him she\'s looking into attending school in the area. She leaves so Peter can bask in the success of his show, but quickly returns to Peter\'s dressing room to tell him she misses him. Peter tells her that he has missed her too. The film ends as they embrace and kiss.'] ['Caroline  is a young woman working as a waitress who is always unlucky in love. Adam  is a shy busboy who saves Caroline when two men try to rape her on her way home one night. She then gets to know him. They become close, but she finds out his past, and the attackers come after Adam for revenge. They end up stabbing him. As their relationship progresses, Caroline discovers that Adam has a heart defect, though he claims he has a baboon heart. On his birthday he goes to a hockey game with Caroline, and catches a hockey puck that is shot into the crowd. On the way home he falls asleep and then passes away at the age of 27.'] ["A handful of close friends, due to turn 30, discover that their dreams for the future are running headfirst into the realities of adulthood in this character-driven comedy-drama. Natalie is a banker who is happy with her job, but is tired of being single, and her pursuit of a husband is taking her down several blind alleys in the world of dating. Joy has developed a similar desire to settle down and get married, but while she has a long-term boyfriend, Leland, he is not so sure he wants to make a lifetime commitment. Troy is a comic who has been on the verge of a career breakthrough for years, but he is starting to wonder if his big break is ever going to arrive. Malik is a white-collar executive who thinks life is passing him by, and is pondering giving up a stable career to start over as a male model. And Stephanie is comfortable with her job in real estate, but she is not so comfortable with herself as she struggles with a weight problem she's had since childhood."] ["Calvin Marshall is a charismatic student at Bayford City College. When he tries out for the baseball team for the third straight year, ex-minor leaguer Coach Little is exasperated by Calvin's persistence despite his lack of baseball skills. Determined to make the team, Calvin wins Little over with pure heart and love of the game. While rehabbing during an injury, Calvin announces games for the Lady Bisons volleyball team and is entranced by their star, Tori. Preoccupied with caring for her sick mother and more interested with meaningless flings, Tori is unsure what to make of Calvin's advances."] ["Sophomore Al Connelly  meets the girl of his dreams, freshman Imogen , and true love abounds. The two engage on a whirlwind courtship--they pick a song based on the records from Al's parents, eat a cake together, and even make love. Imogen's fear of lost youth causes her to push away from Al, and they go their separate ways after Imogen cheats on Al at a party. Al attempts to rebound from the relationship, determined to forget Imogen, and he goes to desperate measures to do so, including suicide by shampoo and problems with his career. In the end, Imogen finds Al when she hears of his attempted suicide and she brings him a book cover that she illustrated featuring the two of them. The two reconcile their differences and get back together showing that love can be obtained. The story is told from the points of view of both Al and Imogen."] ["In 1817, a young woman  appears in the English countryside, wearing exotic garb and speaking gibberish. She also bears unusual tattoos on her legs. Delivered to a nearby manor, the mystery woman is sheltered by the Worralls , who are then persuaded by their suspicious butler Frixos  to have the drifter tried for vagrancy and begging, capital crimes. At the hearing, however, the woman persuades the magistrates through pantomime that she is a princess of Polynesian origin named Caraboo, escaped from pirate kidnappers. The Worralls welcome Caraboo back into their home, lavishing upon her the deference due a royal member. A society sensation, Caraboo wins over a linguist , the prince regent , and even Frixos. Only an Irish reporter, Gutch , remains skeptical about Caraboo's origins."] ['It is love at first sight when Sam chances upon a feisty, fast-talking woman with the odd name of Milan  at a Macau casino. But the catch is, she is a part-time Baccarat dealer and a full-time cabaret dancer, “careers” not exactly congruent with his station in life. Fallen in love against all odds, this mismatched couple soon makes headline in all media which turn Milan into an It girl overnight.'] ['Zaza  is a 31-year-old Georgian-Israeli PhD student at Tel Aviv University whose family is trying to arrange a marriage for him within the Georgian community. The film\'s beginning sees Zaza and his parents Yasha and Lili visiting the home of a possible match, who is still in high school. Zaza is clearly unenthusiastic and it is mentioned that he has seen dozens of prospective brides before this. After dropping his parents off at their apartment building, Zaza drives to a pay phone and calls his girlfriend Judith , a 34-year-old Moroccan-Israeli divorcée who he is dating without his parents\' knowledge. After Judith\'s daughter Madona has gone to bed , Zaza goes to her apartment and they have sex, in an explicit, naturalistic sequence.<ref namehttp://nymag.com/nymetro/movies/reviews/6033/|titleRainer|first27 May 2002|work1 December 2009}} Meanwhile, Zaza\'s parents find that they have left their housekey in Zaza\'s car and spend the night at the home of relatives Simon and Margalit. When Zaza doesn\'t answer repeated phone calls during the night, Yasha concludes that he is with Judith; apparently Yasha was aware of the relationship but Zaza had promised him that he would end it. Judith is unacceptable to Zaza\'s parents because she is divorced, has a child, and is older than Zaza. A number of Zaza\'s relatives stake out Judith\'s apartment building, planning to confront the couple and frighten Judith into leaving Zaza. The next time Zaza visits Judith they do just this, barging into Judith\'s apartment and attempting to break up the relationship through polite argument, humiliation, and threats of violence, as Madona  watches, frightened. At one point Simon takes down a decorative sword hanging on Judith\'s wall and holds it to her throat. Zaza and Judith say little, and eventually Zaza unconvincingly tells Judith that the relationship is over and leaves with his family. Zaza returns shortly after and attempts to resume the evening where it left off, but Judith quietly tells him that she doesn\'t want to see him again. Back at his apartment, Zaza has a further confrontation with his parents. Some time later Zaza\'s parents return to Judith\'s apartment building. When Judith comes home, Lili approaches her and gives Madona a teddy bear as a peace offering, while Yasha stays in the car. Inside the apartment, Lili asks Judith if she has seen Zaza. Judith initially says that she hasn\'t, but soon she tearfully admits that Zaza has been calling her and begging her to marry him. Judith has refused because Zaza\'s reaction when his family invaded her apartment made her realize that "he loves you more than me," and she has decided the relationship is bad for all concerned. Back in the car, Yasha asks Lili if she will accept Judith as a wife for Zaza. Lili, now more sympathetic toward Judith, tells him that they should wait and see if Zaza gets over her. The next scene opens with Zaza and Yasha standing next to each other at urinals in a public restroom. It becomes clear that they are at Zaza\'s wedding reception, and Zaza is drunk. Zaza returns to the reception hall and gives a long, awkward, repetitive speech, while his new wife—who is not Judith—stands uncomfortably by his side. Eventually he tells the guests that he "has a woman more beautiful than my wife," and drags Simon onstage to ask him to confirm this. Simon defuses the situation by acting as though Zaza was referring to his mother, and Zaza plays along, embracing Lili when Simon brings her onstage. The film ends with Zaza and his bride dancing with the rest of his family.'] ["The King of Navarre has vowed to avoid romantic entanglements in order to spend three years in study and contemplation. His chief courtiers agree to follow him in this vow, though one  argues that they will not be able to fulfil this plan. Berowne's claim is proven correct almost instantly. The Princess of France comes to Navarre to discuss the status of the province of Aquitaine. Though the King does not grant them access to his palace , each of the courtiers falls in love with one of her handmaidens, and the King falls in love with the Princess herself. The men attempt to hide their own loves and expose those of their fellows. At the end, after a masked ball in which the pairs of lovers are comically mismatched, all the amours are revealed. However, before the expected nuptial consummation, the women demand that the men prove they are serious by waiting for them. The comic underplot, in which Costard and others attempt to stage a play  is severely curtailed, as is the boasting of the Spaniard, Don Armado."] [' Following the death of his wife, a father of three sons  hires an attractive young housekeeper named Angela , and soon becomes engaged to her.{{cite web}} However, the one most obsessed with her is the middle son, the teenager Nino. He blackmails her into eventually tolerating his increasingly aggressive physical sexual harassments. It all culminates one night before she marries his father. During the night the electricity goes off. As his father and older brother are away, and with his younger brother asleep, Nino approaches his housekeeper with a flashlight and orders her to undress. She gives in after an initial physical protest, but runs away after finishing undressing. Nino chases her with the flashlight until he accidentally drops it. With the flashlight in her own hands, Angela decides it is time to turn the tables. She blinds Nino with the flashlight and when he tries to reach for it, she pins him to a nearby bed and has sex with him while rushing him to "Fotti! Fotti!" . With Nino finally losing control over her, she marries his father the following day and his father instructs Nino to refer to her as "Mamma" from then on.{{cite web}}'] ['Roberta  is an unfulfilled suburban housewife living in Fort Lee, New Jersey who is fascinated with a woman she only knows about by reading messages to and from her in the personals section of a New York City tabloid. This fascination reaches a peak when one such ad with the headline "Desperately Seeking Susan" proposes a rendezvous in Battery Park with the man who regularly seeks her. Roberta goes to Battery Park too, gets a glimpse of the woman ([[Madonna  and in a series of events involving mistaken identity, amnesia, and other farcical elements Roberta goes from voyeur to participant in an Alice in Wonderland-style plot, ostensibly motivated by the search for a pair of stolen Egyptian earrings.'] ["Pablo Quintero  is a homosexual film director whose latest work has just been released. In a party after the premiere he meets Antonio , a beautiful young man who is obsessed with him. At the end of the evening they go home together and Antonio experiences anal sex for the first time, but while Pablo considers that happening just a lusty episode and is still in love with his long-time lover Juan, the young man misunderstands his intentions and reveals his possessive behaviour as a lover. Parallel to this is told the dramatic story of Pablo's sister Tina , a struggling actress who once was a boy and changed sex to build a sexual relationship with her father, who eventually left her for another woman. Because of this, she hates men so much it is rumoured that she might be a lesbian. She also must care for her niece Ada, whose mother  is not at home, and whom she loves like a daughter. The thrills begin when a jealous Antonio tries to rape Juan and ends up throwing him off a cliff. After confronting Antonio about the death, a devastated Pablo has an accident that causes a loss of memory. The police suspect both Tina and Pablo for the murder – only a sympathetic doctor keeps them at bay. Tina decides to reveal to Pablo why she is a transsexual, and announces she has found a lover, who Pablo finds out too late is actually Antonio. Antonio holds Tina and Ada hostage in order to demand an hour alone with Pablo. A stunned and limping Pablo agrees, and experiences some tender moments with Antonio before Antonio suddenly kills himself."] ["The film starts with Andy and Janie Anderson seated on opposite sides of a court room filing for a divorce. As the judge is about to render his verdict, Janie's father makes a suggestion. In an attempt to save the marriage, William suggests that the couple return to San Francisco  for four days and retrace all of their steps to include getting married."] ["The story takes place in Russia in the year 1910. Yegor , a dashing  bandit leader meets Princess Vera  at a mountain inn. They fall in love, but the relationship is shattered when Yegor kills Vera's brother, Prince Serge, for raping his sister, Nadja, and driving her to suicide. Yegor kidnaps Vera, forcing her to live a life of lowly servitude among the bandits. Vera manages to outwit Yegor, who is captured by soldiers and flogged. Vera begs Yegor's forgiveness. Although still in love with each other, they realize they cannot be together, at least for the time being."] [' Ann  is the crown princess of an unspecified country. She is on a widely publicized tour of several European capitals, including Rome. One night, she is overwhelmed by the strenuous demands of her official duties, for which her day is tightly scheduled. Her doctor gives her a sedative to calm her down and help her sleep, but she secretly leaves her country\'s embassy to experience Rome by herself. The sedative eventually takes effect and she falls asleep on a bench, where Joe Bradley , an expatriate American reporter working for the Rome Daily American, finds her. Not recognizing her, he offers her money so that she can take a taxi home, but a very woozy "Anya Smith"  refuses to cooperate. Joe finally decides, for safety\'s sake, to let her spend the night in his apartment. He is amused by her regal manner, but less so when she appropriates his bed. He transfers her to a couch without awakening her. The next morning, Joe, having already slept through the interview Princess Ann was scheduled to give, hurries off to the news office, leaving her still asleep. When his editor, Mr. Hennessy , asks why he is late, Joe lies to him; he claims to have attended the press conference for the princess. Joe makes up details of the alleged interview until Hennessy informs him that the press conference had been canceled because the princess had suddenly "fallen ill". Joe sees a picture of her and recognizes that it is the same young woman who is in his apartment. Joe immediately sees the opportunity before him and proposes an exclusive interview for $5000, Hennessy agrees but bets Joe $500 that he will not succeed. Joe hurries home and, hiding the fact that he is a reporter, he offers to spend the day with Anya, showing her Rome. He also surreptitiously calls his photographer friend, Irving Radovich , to tag along to secretly take pictures. However, Anya declines Joe\'s offer and leaves.  Enjoying her freedom, on a whim, Anya gets her hair cut short in a barbershop. Joe follows and "accidentally" meets her on the Spanish Steps. This time he convinces her to go with him, and they spend the day seeing the sights, including the "Mouth of Truth", a face carved in marble which is said to bite off the hands of liars. When Joe pulls his hand out of the mouth, it appears to be missing, causing Anya to scream. He then pops his hand out of his sleeve and laughs. An Evening with Gregory Peck, a series of retrospective lectures Peck gave in the years before his death, and Remembering Roman Holiday, a featurette on the 2002 DVD release. Later, Anya shares with Joe her dream of living a normal life without her crushing responsibilities. That night, at a dance on a boat, government agents finally track her down and try to escort her away, but a wild melee breaks out and Joe and Anya escape. Through all this, they gradually fall in love, but Anya realizes that their relationship cannot continue. She finally bids farewell to Joe and returns to the embassy. During the course of the day, Hennessy learns that the princess is missing, not ill as claimed. He suspects that Joe knows where she is, and tries to get him to admit it, but Joe claims to know nothing about it. Joe decides not to write the story. Initially, Irving plans to publish his photographs, but then reluctantly decides not to do so.  The next day, Princess Ann appears at the postponed news conference, and is alarmed to find Joe and Irving among the members of the press. Irving takes her picture with the same miniature cigarette lighter/camera he had used the previous day. He then presents her with the photographs he had taken that day, discreetly tucked in an envelope, as a memento of her adventure. Joe lets her know, by allusion, that her secret is safe with them. She, in turn, works into her bland statements a coded message of love and gratitude to Joe. She then departs, leaving Joe to linger for a while, contemplating what might have been.'] ['Mrs Baring, a business woman and patron of classical music, has arranged for a celebrated Eastern Bloc musician, Spolenski, to play in a series of concerts in Britain. However, she is aware that she is on the brink of bankruptcy and the Spolenski tour offers a final chance to save her finances. Johnny Burns, an aspiring singer is hanging around a music shop he frequents when he spot Mrs Baring’s daughter, Joanna. Enraptured he pretends to be a piano-tuner and goes round to her house to help prepare the piano for a party held in Spolenksi’s honour. Later, when Mrs Baring is short of a butler he offers his services and is so successful at his duties that he is taken on in a more permanent basis. He slowly begins to bond and court Joanna while doing his best to conceal his love of popular, modern music from Mrs Baring who is resolutely opposed to it and has forbidden her daughter to listen to it. Her financial problems continue to mount up and her phone is cut due to unpaid bills. Burns’ friend and agent, Freddy, meanwhile has secured him an audition with Greenslade, a major popular record label, who are impressed with his performance. Convinced he is going to be a major star, they make plans to sign him up on a long-term contract. Burn’s first demand of Greenslade is for money to pay for Mrs Baring’s telephone to be restored. Mrs Baring is relieved by this gesture, but believes the money came from one of her other friends rather than Burns. Burn’s career swiftly takes off, he is engaged to perform at Talk of the Town, while still keeping his new success a secret from the Barings. Mrs Baring has further problems when tickets for her Spolenski concerts sell badly, and he threatens to leave for home unless she is able to put up £3,000. Once again Burns secretly steps in, securing the money as an advance from Greenslades. After learning of Burn’s fame, Joanna goes to his concert. When her mother discovers this, she grows furious and confronts both of them firing Burns and forbidding her daughter from seeing him again. In his anger, he calls her a “square”. Their rift is not helped by his next song, “The Lady is a Square” which appears to be directly mocking her. However she relents when she discovers that he has secretly been paying her bills and that he is trying to abandon a concert of his, which is scheduled at the same time as her Spolenski concert, in a bid to help her ticket sales. Spolenski then falls ill, which turns out to be a blessing as it will mean they will be able to re-launch the tour with financial assistance from Greenslade. Baring and her daughter attend Burn’s concert where to their surprise he performs Handel’s Ombra mai fu with the National Youth Orchestra, to wild applause from his fans. Ultimately they are able to agree on the co-existence of popular and classical music and Mrs Baring ends the film dancing to one of Burns’ songs.'] ["Ye Rutang , a single-living woman in her late fifties, struggles to maintain a dignified life amid the dangers of Shanghai. Living alone in an apartment, she endures gossipy neighbor Mrs Shui  and her pampered cat. She is pragmatic, frugal and self-reliant, but her old-fashionedness and trusting nature make it difficult for her to fit into Shanghai society. After encountering self-proclaimed aesthete Pan Zhichang , she falls for Pan and uses her life savings to invest on cemetery spaces on Pan's suggestion. He turns out to be a fraudster. After being the victim of several con artists, Ye suffers a bad fall and is hospitalized. She decides to leave Shanghai to live with her working-class husband and cook daughter  in Anshan."] ['Despite having dated a number of women, professional baseball player Dong Chi-sung has never had a first love. "I always think it\'s love, but sooner or later I find out it\'s not..." Sure enough, his latest girlfriend dumps him, and then on the same day, he goes to the doctor and finds out he has a malignant tumor, with only three months to live. It\'s September now, so he won\'t even live to see the new year. With his mind in a tailspin, he goes to a friend\'s bar to drink away his pain. Not a heavy drinker by habit, Chi-sung passes out, and wakes up to find himself in a hotel room with the bartender, a rather quirky woman he\'s mostly ignored until now. "How did I get here?" he asks her in confusion, and she tells him she folded him up and carried him in a box. Then she starts telling him about how he acts when he\'s drunk, before leaving him alone in the hotel room. What a strange woman... The next day he goes to baseball practice, completely unable to concentrate. Formerly a successful pitcher in university, he was moved to the outfield after a shoulder injury, and then demoted to the minor leagues. On his way home, he hears an oddly familiar story being told on a radio program devoted to "confessional love stories." Someone calling herself "Writing Princess" is talking about carrying a man in a box to a hotel room, and talking to him there. What kind of woman is this, anyway?... Han Yi-yeon works part time in a bar and at a coffee shop, and listens to radio programs as a hobby. Ten years earlier, a young student in a baseball uniform moved into her neighborhood, and from that day on she has slowly fallen in love with him from afar. But she had never found the opportunity to talk to him, until the night when he came alone into the bar where she works. She is shocked to see him start crying, and then after just three drinks he passes out. Without much choice she takes him to a nearby hotel and looks after him there. Seeing him sleep so peacefully, she just wants to stay together with him for as long as she can. But when he wakes up, all the words she wants to say get stuck in her throat, and all she can do is tell him that he\'s a well-behaved drunk. Frustrated and embarrassed, she leaves him there and goes back home. She decides to send a postcard -- or five -- to her favorite radio programs... Although Chi-sung angrily confronts Yi-yeon about the "radio incident," it provides her with an opportunity. One radio station sends her a free mobile phone as a gift... Chi-sung has recently lost his, so she stops by his home to give it to him. Another radio station sends her free movie tickets, so she takes him along. While at the theater, Chi-sung runs into his old girlfriend and describes Yi-yeon as "just a woman I know." Is that all?! Is there any way that she can become "someone special" to him?...'] ['Pierre Malaquet is a creative, zany and incredibly scatterbrained young man, not of this world, always getting into comic situations. He is hired to a big advertising agency "Jerico" on his mother\'s recommendation. Full of bizarre advertising ideas, he meddles in other people\'s business and tries to remake everything in his own manner. His commercials resemble horror films; themes of death and violence seem to amuse him, black humor is present in all of his works. He is convinced that "shocking" ads are the most effective. His actions annoy his coworkers, but to their great surprise, the strict boss Mr. Guiton forgives him for all his tricks - all because he is secretly involved with Malaquet\'s mother Glycia. At the office Pierre makes friends with Lisa Gastier, Guiton\'s young and charming secretary. She turns out to be a daughter of one of the most important clients of the agency. Pierre is sent to bring an important contract to his office for signing. As usual, Pierre confuses everything and instead of going to the office he goes to Gastier\'s house, where there is a party in a full swing. There he becomes a center of attention because of his odd behavior. A younger daughter of Gastier, Veronique, intends to "give him a little lesson", but finds herself in an awkward situation as a result. Mr. Gastier, who waited in vain for Pierre in his office, returns home and when he finds Pierre there, becomes furious and throws him out of the house. The young wife of Mr. Guiton, Clarisse, tries to seduce Pierre in a greenhouse, but it results in another amusing incident - when Pierre is undressing Clarisse, her long hair gets stuck in her zipper, and to her horror, he cuts off her hair with pruning scissors. Guiton allocates him in a small office on a ground floor, full of cages with parrots and without proper furniture, in an effort to hold him away from agency business and to spite him. But even here Pierre finds amusement for himself. Soon he gets the first client - a manufacturer of toothpaste "Klerdene", eccentric and even more absent-minded than Pierre himself. While strolling with Lisa he gets an idea of street advertising of the toothpaste. The scenario is the following: a beautiful blonde walks down the street and all of a sudden faints. She gets surrounded by passers-by who start arguing about how to help her. A handsome young man appears and gives her mouth-to-mouth resuscitation. She comes to her senses right away and asks rapturously: "Klerdene?" to which he responds affirmatively, and she says that "it is impossible to forget". Then the advertising slogan is pronounced. Eventually this campaign results in a fight between people for the right to give the woman mouth-to-mouth resuscitation, and in a media scandal. Pierre\'s next project was a street advertising of bags for plastic packets , which included smashing eggs on people\'s heads and also resulted in a large-scale brawl and scandal. Mr. Guiton still puts up with Pierre\'s wild escapades, in the minutes of anger soothing himself by remembering romantic moments with Malaquet\'s mother. But he runs out of patience after the next incident. Pierre makes an even more shocking commercial, believing that it will be a big success, but Lisa, understanding that it oversteps all limits already, convinces him to give it up. However, the videotape with the commercial gets to television by mistake and is broadcasted. It stirs up a huge scandal. Enraged TV viewers gather around the agency\'s building to express protest. Guiton understands that it may ruin agency\'s reputation. At the extraordinary meeting of the agency\'s management with the clients he finally decides to fire Malaquet. It upsets Lisa and she goes searching for Pierre. Meanwhile Pierre, who is attacked by angry marchers on his way to the office, sees a girl in a bath in a big advertising poster. He imagines Lisa on her place and suddenly realizes that he is in love with Lisa. Beside himself in delight, he starts searching around for Lisa, as always getting into funny situations. At this time Lisa arrives at his apartment but doesn\'t find him there. Eventually Pierre finds her in his apartment taking a bath, and emotionally declares his love to her. Pierre\'s mother convinces Guiton to give her son another chance. He decides to send him along with Lisa to work at the agency\'s office in the US. On board of the plane, right before takeoff, Pierre goes searching for lavatory and somehow gets out of the plane, which takes off without him. Confused Pierre runs after the plane, a narrator recites the passage from "Caractères" by Jean de La Bruyère, and the film ends.'] ['{{Plot|date"www.mahalo.com">{{cite web}} While mid-flight to Dublin, there is a storm and the plane diverts to Cardiff, Wales. Anna hires a boat to take her to Cork, but the severity of the storm forces her to be put ashore on the Dingle Peninsula. She enlists the help of a surly Irish innkeeper, Declan O\'Callaghan, to taxi her across the country to Dublin to pull off the proposal in time, and begins to question her intentions with Jeremy when she makes a connection with Declan. At first, Declan refuses to drive Anna to Dublin, but after his pub is threatened with foreclosure the next morning, he agrees to drive her for €500. Before they leave, Declan gets frustrated at Anna\'s luggage and she snaps at him telling him to be careful, her expensive Louis Vuitton luggage was a gift from her boyfriend. The two set out in Declan\'s rickety car, but they quickly run into a herd of cows. Anna shoos them away but steps in cow dung, causing her to lean against the car, which wheels back into a lake. Angry at Declan, Anna walks away from him; she stops a car for a lift and after offering to take her bag they drive away with her luggage to the delight of Declan. The two eventually reach a pub where they discover the men going through Anna\'s luggage. Declan punches them, and they are both kicked out by the landlord. They eventually reach a railway station on foot. The train arrives early, and Anna misses it. The two go to a bed and breakfast, where they are forced to pretend that they are married so that their conservative hosts will allow them to stay. Asked their married name, they simultaneously answer \'Brady\' and \'O\'Callaghan\', quickly amending that to \'O\'Brady-Callaghan\'. During dinner, Anna and Declan are forced to kiss, which causes some confusion for them. That night, they hesitantly sleep in the same bed. The next day, they take shelter from a hail storm in a church where a wedding is taking place, where, after a series of events, ends with Anna drunk. The following day they arrive by bus in Dublin. On the way to the hotel, they stop by a park and Declan reveals that he was once engaged but that his ex-fiancée ran off with his best friend and his family ring to Dublin; Anna encourages him to get his ring back. When Anna reaches Jeremy\'s hotel, he proposes to her, and she accepts after a hesitation as Declan walks away. At their engagement party, Anna finds out that Jeremy proposed to her only in an effort to impress the manager of the expensive condominium the two were attempting to buy. Dismayed, Anna pulls the fire alarm and leaves after watching Jeremy grabs all the electronics. Anna goes back to the Dingle Peninsula in County Kerry, where Declan is successfully running his inn. She proposes that they get together and \'not make plans\', and Declan leaves the room. Anna interprets this as a rejection, so she rushes outside and ends up on a cliff overlooking the sea. Declan follows her and asks, \'Mrs. O\'Brady-Callaghan, where the hell are you going?\' and proposes to her with the ring he retrieved from his ex-fiancée while in Dublin. Some time later, the two are shown driving in Declan\'s car with a \'Just married\' sign in the back window.'] ['Hillary Kramer , a successful perfume magnate awakes one morning to find that her accountant has robbed her blind and left for South America. Going through all of her remaining assets she finds a boxer, purchased as a tax write off. She decides to take Eddie "Kid Natural" Scanlon  who is much more at home giving driving lessons, into the ring and use him as her key to riches. Eddie thinks this will only get him killed and resists. Eventually, Hillary wears Eddie down and she gets funding  for his first fights, all of which go awry, either through Hillary\'s lack of knowledge about boxing or Eddie\'s out-of-shape condition . All the while, Hillary and Eddie continue sparring on their own, thanks to their different personalities. But, as time  go on, they develop an increasingly personal relationship, which ultimately leads them to have to decide what they really want.'] ['Trudy Kockenlocker  is a small-town girl with a soft spot for soldiers. She wakes up one morning after a wild farewell party for a group of them to find that while drunk the night before, she married a soldier whose name she can\'t remember, except that "it had a z in it. Like Ratzkiwatzki [...] or was it Zitzkiwitzki?" She believes they both used fake names and she doesn\'t know how to get in touch with him or even what he looks like. The matter is complicated when she learns that she became pregnant that night as well. Norval Jones , a local 4-F boy who has been in love with Trudy for years, steps in to help out, but Trudy\'s over-protective father , a policeman, gets involved and complicates matters. Before long, Norval is arrested on 19 different charges, and then he finds himself on the run as an escaped prisoner. All seems lost until Trudy gives birth to sextuplets. At that point Governor McGinty  and The Boss  step in and provide a phone call which results in a happy ending for everyone.Meek, James Plot summary<ref nameavg&sql83564&category=Full%20Synopsis Full synopsis] When Norval discovers that Trudy has borne not just one son but six, he faints, and the movie ends with this epilogue on a title card:{{quotation}}'] ['Anthea  is undergoing a crisis of confidence: overworked, no boyfriend, and now all her friends are leaving Brisbane. She is tempted to leave herself, but is opposed by her longtime best platonic male friend Michael . Michael thinks people who leave Brisbane are copycats who follow the crowd; he is quite happy to stay in Brisbane, he is in a stable job and a stable very low-maintenance \'sex-with-the-ex\' relationship with his ex-girlfriend, Stephanie . In short, he is in a rut. Anthea’s temptation to leave Brisbane increases with the impending departure of her flatmate Kath . However, she then hears that her ex-boyfriend Jake  is coming back to Brisbane to live. To Michael’s annoyance, she dreams of a great future with him. Michael is then thrown out of his comfort zone by starting a new relationship with a girl he meets at work; Simone . Slightly "alternative" and good natured, Simone is totally different from the sorts of girls he normally deals with, and he finds himself in a relationship over which he does not have total control. On her last day in Australia, Anthea and Michael finally resolve their feelings for each other.'] ['Jack and Audrey Landry are a middle-aged couple with three daughters: Nora, Terry, and Dahlia . The eldest, Nora, is a supermodel based in Italy, who rarely comes home. Terry, the second daughter, is an independent business woman who lives with her boyfriend Bryan. Dahlia, the youngest, lives at home with her parents still, and changes her "look" often. In addition to the happy family, Nora\'s ex-boyfriend Sam works for Jack and is very close with the family as well. Their peaceful lives are disrupted when Nora breaks her leg in a car accident while on location in Italy, and returns home to recover. Terry discovers that her boyfriend Bryan has been cheating on her and promptly moves back in with her parents. For the first time in several years, all of the girls are back under the Landrys\' roof. Shortly after a handsome Italian man by the name of Guillermo arrives at the Landry residence and introduces himself as Nora\'s boyfriend. Guillermo explains that he has come to ask Jack and Audrey for Nora\'s hand in marriage, Jack and Audrey agree and Nora accepts Guillermo\'s proposal. Audrey, Nora, Terry and Dolly quickly consume themselves in wedding plans while a unenthusiastic Jack watches the rising expenses. Terry finds out that she has lost her job, but a handsome co-worker, Lyle, who has also been laid off, invites her to join a start up marketing a technology he\'s developed. At first feelings between the two are only friendly, but soon evolve into romance. When Terry receives a bouquet from Bryan begging her to come back to him, Lyle realizes how he truly feels about Terry and spontaneously asks her to marry him. Terry accepts, and suddenly the Landrys become "a two wedding family." Jack has lunch with Lyle and explains that weddings cause a great deal of stress to the brides family, to which Lyle suggests that the solution lies in both weddings happening on the same day. To Jack\'s surprise, Nora and Terry agree. The plans, which had already been laid out, are now in upheaval. If this was not enough, Dolly and Sam realise that they had been falling in love with each other for years and soon decide to get married as well. And so Jack and Audrey get ready to give away all their daughters on the same day. Finally the wedding day arrives and numerous things start to go wrong, the priest goes missing, the cakes are destroyed and Jack gets locked on the balcony. However eventually Nora, Terry and Dolly get married!'] ['Hornby adapted the book for the screen and fictionalized the story, concentrating on Arsenal\'s First Division championship-winning season in 1988-89 and its effect on the protagonist\'s romantic relationship. Firth plays "Paul Ashworth", the character based on Hornby, a teacher at a school in North London, and his burgeoning romance with Sarah Hughes , a new teacher who joins Ashworth\'s school. The film culminates with the real life events of Arsenal\'s match against title rivals Liverpool in the final game of the season on 26 May, 1989, a Michael Thomas last-minute goal giving Arsenal the 2–0 win they needed to win the title.'] ['Kimmy and Dora  are identical twins with different personalities. Kimmy is the smart, dictatorial type while Dora is the slow, dumb-wit sister. Kimmy has always been jealous of her sister as Johnson , the man she really likes, only has eyes for Dora. All hell breaks loose when their father  gets a heart attack and makes Dora the majority owner of their family conglomerate if in case he dies. Kimmy thinks this is unfair and gets the help of their lawyer Harry  to take care of business. A misunderstanding brings forth a plan to kill Dora but they kidnapped Kimmy instead. Now Kimmy must find a way to escape her captors while Dora must act as her tough sister and control their company in order to hide the truth from their sick father.'] ['Millionaire hotel mogul Ray Hunter  flies to Rome to buy another property, the Regent. He is picked up at the airport by lovely Maria Martelli , who works for the hotel\'s owner, the Countess Alzani. Ray is reproached by the Countess for the impersonal way he buys up hotels this way, piling up "ten thousand bedrooms" and replacing employees without a second thought. He sincerely promises not to do so with the staff of the Regent. Maria is impressed and volunteers to be Ray\'s translator while in town. He meets the Martelli family, including Papa Vittorio  and his other daughters. Maria\'s youngest sister, 18-year-old Nina , takes an almost immediate liking to Ray. Maria\'s current romantic interest is Anton , a poor Polish count who fancies himself a sculptor. Nina, meanwhile, tries to catch Ray\'s eye, while his private pilot Mike  is trying to catch hers. Nina sees the sights with Ray and wants to marry him, so she asks her father for permission. Papa Martelli forbids it, saying in this family all of the eldest daughters must be married before the youngest can. Ray tries to speed up that process. He sends for two eligible bachelors from America on the pretense of business. They are quickly introduced to two other sisters of Maria and Nina. But when he makes the mistake of buying Anton\'s artwork in order to make the poor count feel worthy of proposing to Maria, it backfires. Maria is furious and Ray apologizes with a kiss. Suddenly realizing he is involved with the wrong sister, Ray is in a fix. At a party, Papa Martelli is rushed into saying Ray is engaged to daughter Nina, which upsets Mike so much that he decides to leave. Ray hurriedly urges Mike to stay and fight for the girl he loves. It takes some doing, but everything finally works out. Ray finds a job for Anton that involves him traveling to Bombay for a long period of time. Meanwhile, he persuades Maria that he\'s sincere, and next thing you know, Papa Martelli is planning four weddings.'] ["Set in Seattle, Washington, the film features Lloyd Dobler , an average student and aspiring kickboxer, who attempts a relationship with the lovely valedictorian Diane Court  immediately after their graduation from the same high school. Diane has just won a major fellowship to study in England, and will be going there at the end of the summer. Highly intelligent yet socially inexperienced, Diane is intrigued by Lloyd's endearing manner and willingness to take a chance on someone like her. She agrees to Lloyd's request for a date, and the two of them begin seeing each other regularly. Lloyd seeks advice and counsel from his sister and several close female friends who are genuinely looking out for Lloyd's best interests as he embarks on his first serious romantic relationship. Diane's father, Jim , is under investigation by the Internal Revenue Service for alleged tax violations committed at the nursing home he owns; and, as her relationship with Lloyd deepens, Diane worries that she should be spending more time with her father, rather than with Lloyd. Also, Jim does not approve of his daughter's dating an underachiever, and pressures her to break up with him. Lloyd ultimately wins Diane's heart before the summer's end, and supports her emotionally after her father's conviction and incarceration. The film ends with Lloyd escorting the aviophobic Diane on her flight to England."] ["One day on the way home from work, Mike Carter finds himself propositioned by a woman on the train. He has been working on developing a new aftershave for his company along with his friend and colleague Alan Simpson. When Alan has a similar encounter with one of the female scientists at their office, they both realise it is linked to one of the numerous aftershave formulas they have developed creating a love potion which makes them irresistible to any woman. The two men begin to test their formula with some success with the woman of London. They persuade themselves that before they take it to their boss, the strict Andrew Coombes, they must give it extensive testing to make sure it does not contain any unsavoury side effects. Eager to keep their discovery secret from their wives, they begin to use an old army hut in Effingham for their trials, taking woman back there who they have picked up on the train. When they begin to run out of the formula, they attempt to create some more using the original recipe. When this does not have any effect on woman, they realise that it must be due to a contaminated chemical that they put in the original potion. They try and locate it, but all issues of it have been destroyed. They begin doing tests to try to find the missing ingredient that will make their potion work. Their wives are becoming increasingly suspicious about their strange behaviour, and their boss is demanding that they produce a new aftershave to a deadline. When they accidentally allow their boss to get hold of the secret, he too discovers its potency with his secretary. When the two men's wives arrive in London on a surprise shopping trip, the two men fear the game is up. They confess to their boss about the real nature of the potion, and the trials they have been conducting at Effingham. When the three men go to Effingham they discover the army are now demolishing the old huts, and the remaining potion is destroyed by accident. Coombes now threatens them with the sack, threatening to reveal to their wives what they have been doing, unless they can recreate the formula by endless testing of various chemicals to find the magic ingredient."] [' Murphy "Barfi" Johnson  is an optimistic, charming young man who was born deaf-mute to a Nepali-origin couple in Darjeeling. He lost his mother as a baby; and his father raised him alone, working as a chauffeur. Barfi meets Shruti Ghosh , who has just arrived in the city and is engaged to be married in three month\'s time, and is immediately smitten. She falls in love with Barfi but Shruti is dissuaded from pursuing him by her mother because he won\'t be able to take care of her due to his disabilities and lack of money. Shruti takes her mother\'s advice, gets married, and moves to Kolkata, breaking all contact with Barfi. Meanwhile, Barfi\'s father falls ill and Barfi must somehow raise the money for his treatment. After an unsuccessful attempt to rob a local bank, he attempts to kidnap his childhood friend, Jhilmil Chatterjee  to hold her for ransom. Jhilmil is the autistic granddaughter of a wealthy man who left all his money in her name after his death. Upon arriving however, Barfi finds she has already been kidnapped. Sneaking aboard a van he spots her in, he drives Jhilmil away from the actual ransom delivery and hides her in his apartment with the police in their pursuit. He collects the ransom but finds that his father has died just as he makes the payment. Dejected, he tries to drop off Jhilmil at the village of her caretaker but she refuses to leave him and they soon move to Kolkata, with Barfi assuming responsibility of Jhilmil and taking care of her; a strong bond grows between the two in this time.  After 6 years, Barfi happens to meet Shruti again. She is unhappy with her marriage and they rekindle their friendship, much to the chagrin of the lovestruck Jhilmil, who then goes missing. Shruti files a missing person\'s report for Jhilmil; the Darjeeling police learn about the report and resume their pursuit of Barfi, arresting him. As he is being interrogated, another ransom demand for Jhilmil is made and she is apparently killed in the process of the exchange, though her body is never found. In order to wrap up the case, the police attempt to frame Barfi for the murder. The investigating officer  who grows a soft spot for Barfi after chasing him all these years for his nuisances takes pity on him and asks Shruti to take him away, offering him a second chance at life, to which she agrees, hoping that now that Jhilmil is gone, she can finally be with Barfi. Barfi, however, is deeply affected by Jhilmil\'s loss and finds living with Shruti unfulfilling. Barfi deduces the location of the home where Jhilmil had spent her childhood and takes Shruti to look for her. It is revealed that Jhilmil is alive, both kidnappings having been fabricated as a means for her father to embezzle money from the trust fund in her name; the second time, they faked her death so that she could return to her special-care home, away from the clutches of her alcoholic mother. Barfi has a sweet reunion with Jhilmil and the two get married, while Shruti spends the rest of her days alone, regretting having lost her opportunity to be with Barfi.  Barfi is deeply ill and close to natural death in a hospital. Jhilmil arrives and lays with Barfi in his hospital bed as Shruti narrates that the two peacefully passed away together, not wanting to leave each other behind in neither life nor death. The film closes showing the last days of Barfi and Jhilmil as credits roll.'] ["Three single men gather at a local restaurant every Sunday so they can discuss each other's sex lives; however, when each one of them falls for the beautiful Mia , their weekly ritual becomes something of a trial, and their once strong friendships are put at risk."] ['Molly , Val  and Gina  are graduating college, but on their final night, frustrations are aired. Molly is still looking for real love and Val is beginning to doubt if that is what she has found. Gina is too busy videotaping everything to really notice. When the final party at Pacifica College kicks off, things do not go exactly as planned.'] ['Comic book artist Sophie  is a sweet and carefree girl brimming with creativity. She and her handsome surgeon boyfriend of two years, Jeff , are the perfect couple. After his marriage proposal to her in front of her family and all of her friends, Sophie is the happiest person in the world. One day, Jeff meets a famous movie star, Joanna , during a surgical procedure. Immediately afterwards, he breaks up with Sophie. Devastated, Sophie takes to bed. She is unable to face anyone, especially her mother who had been planning the wedding. Sophie decides to cover up the break-up, with only her 2 best friends, Lucy  and Lily  knowing the truth. She comes up with a master plan: she will use the remaining two months before the wedding date to do whatever it takes to get Jeff back. She also plans to publish her many strategies in her new comic book. She wants to show women everywhere how to use a \'scientific\' approach to win love back. Sophie\'s first strategy of "Generosity and Forgiveness" does not go well. At a Halloween party, hosted by Gordon , a photographer, she drowns her sorrows in alcohol. She stumbles upon a photo of Gordon and Joanna together which immediately gives her the idea of forming an alliance with him, believing they were lovers. Gordon agrees to become Sophie\'s partner and her quest for revenge becomes a roller coaster of farcical twists and turns. Soon after a Christmas party at Gordon\'s place, Joanna reveals to Sophie that she has never lost Jeff at all and asked Gordon to keep an eye on her. It was then revealed that he and Joanna are actually siblings because he\'s been taking care of her since they were young. Feeling betrayed, Sophie gives up the notions of love and tells Gordon to leave her alone. Her mother then learns the truth and is finally able to convince her to give love another chance. Sophie calls off her relationship with Jeff and goes to visit Gordon, but he has already left for Europe. Joanna is there and tells her that during that time, he fell in love with Sophie. She reunites with Gordon and Little San-hei in Europe.'] ['An impulsive act of bestiality from her distant past haunts Amy, an otherwise seemingly ordinary young woman with a bright future and nice-guy fiancé. But her fiancé has suggested that the couple be completely honest and tell each other everything. When Amy finally relents, encouraged to tell the truth by her co-worker and mother , and reveals her secret at the home of her parents and misfit brother, all hell breaks loose. After everyone learns that Amy performed oral sex on her dog, her life falls apart. Her fiancé dumps her in disgust and her parents disown her. She does begin dating a new man who doesn\'t know of her dark secret. After her mother dies, Amy makes up with her father. She then decides to never tell her new boyfriend about her disgusting, repulsive behavior, preferring to "let sleeping dogs lie."'] ['Doug Ireland is a concierge at the Bradbury, a luxurious hotel in New York City that is beginning to decline. Doug is very well-connected and is very good at his job, giving personal attention to guests like Mr. Wegman while occasionally pocketing a big tip. Doug\'s dream is to open his own hotel on Roosevelt Island. He has saved every cent and obtained an option on an old hotel. But he only has a few weeks to begin development and needs at least $3 million immediately. Doug\'s best chance is Christian Hanover, a somewhat unscrupulous billionaire. Hanover considers the proposal and asks Doug to "take care" of his mistress, Andy Hart, a perfume saleswoman. Doug pretends to date Andy so that she can get close to Hanover without his wife suspecting. Doug learns that Hanover is deceiving Andy about getting a divorce. But because his hotel proposal is urgent and Andy is old enough to make her own decisions, he doesn\'t intervene. However, as he and Andy spend time together, he develops feelings for her. Andy learns that a document Hanover has asked Doug to sign was intended to permit Hanover to take over the hotel project and force Doug out. He smugly tells Andy that the project had too much potential to share it with a mere concierge. Andy abandons him for Doug, who is chasing after her. In the end, after Doug and Andy marry, he gets a call from Mr. Wegman, who has been sent Doug\'s business plan by other members of the hotel staff  and has decided to put up the $3 million that Doug needs.'] ["Zoe  has given up on finding the man of her dreams and decided to become a single mother and undergoes artificial insemination. The same day she meets Stan  when they both try to hail the same taxi. They run into each other twice more at a farmers market and a pet store. Stan convinces Zoe to go on a no-obligations date. Zoe is still uncertain whether she is pregnant or not and if she should tell Stan. The night she takes the test and Stan takes her for a romantic dinner in a garden. Things don't turn out as well as planned when he spills the wine and a fire occurs. At the end of the night Stan asks her to come to his farm during the weekend and Zoe finds out that she is pregnant. She goes to the farm determined to tell him that she is pregnant. They make love and afterwards Stan is confused and angry that she didn't tell him before and Zoe leaves the next morning believing that things are over between them. However, Stan decides he still wants to be with her and they reconcile. They go to the doctor and find out that Zoe is actually carrying twins. Overwhelmed, Stan goes to a children's playing area to figure out what it means to be a father, but is suspected to be a pervert; this is soon cleared up. He finds a friend there that he can talk to about the pregnancy throughout the movie, while Zoe gets little support from her Single Mothers and Proud group when the group members discover she is no longer single. Stan takes the next step to becoming a father and orders a stroller for the twins. After many misunderstandings and comedic revelations, Zoe and Stan are walking into the Market when they run into Stan's classmate. Due to Stan's remark that the twins are not his, Zoe believes that he is not ready to become a father to them, and breaks off the relationship. Later, the stroller that Stan ordered arrives and Zoe figures out that Stan was never planning to leave. At her grandmother's wedding, Zoe's water breaks and on the way to the hospital they make a pit stop at the Market. Zoe apologizes to Stan and they begin to work things out. He pulls out the penny that she turned over when they first met and Zoe promises to trust him more. In the end, Stan opens a store/restaurant next to Zoe's pet shop and after the Grand Opening speech Stan asks Zoe to marry him and she says yes. On their way home, she spontaneously throws up into a rubbish bin. The camera switches between Stan's and Zoe's faces and the viewer can see their shocked looks as they think of reasons why she would be throwing up for no apparent reason, leading the viewer to believe that Zoe is pregnant again."] ["Ecki  lives with his parents who own a bakery in Boldrup, a  small German town near Dortmund. Football, the German national pastime, is particularly popular in this heavily industrialized region and Ecki has been an avid and successful player since his childhood days. In a decisive game, he fails to keep a ball and is then evicted from the team, with his mistake being used to cover the real reason&mdash;the revelation that he is gay that comes about when he is observed by some of his teammates kissing another man on the mouth. Ecki is defiant and immediately sets out to form his own team and beat his ex-teammates at their game. Meanwhile, he also manages to win the heart of dreamboy Sven , who becomes his first boyfriend. Training of the team is done by Karl , an ex-soccer player himself who quit the sport years ago after a stinging defeat. When the big day of the game comes, the match starts out badly for Ecki's team, but ultimately they are able to triumph over his old teammates by allowing their homophobia to turn against themselves."] ['Zhan Zhao  is a court officer who learns of a plot to assassinate Judge Bao . While on holiday he meets a young man named Bai  who turns out to be a woman. Zhan Zhao tries to recruit Bai to help him stop the assassination of Judge Bao.'] ['Drew Baylor  is the designer of the Späsmodica shoe, a world-famously hyped but flawed new product that his boss informs him will lose $972 million and is "a disaster of mythic proportions, [...] a folktale told to others that makes other people feel more alive because it didn\'t happen to them". After he is fired, Drew\'s girlfriend Ellen  breaks up with him. Drew goes to his apartment, defeated, and attempts to commit suicide . His sister Heather phones at just that moment to tell Drew that their father has just died and he needs to go to Elizabethtown, Kentucky, to bring the body back home. At the airport, Drew\'s sister and mother tell him they wish to cremate his father\'s body. On a nearly empty plane, a quick-witted flight attendant, Claire , gives him a free seat in First Class. He declines but she insists because she doesn\'t want to have to walk all the way back to Coach just for him. Claire, who is energetic, charming, and knows how to read people, starts pestering Drew to get to know him. She knows Kentucky well and draws him a map to Elizabethtown because the roads are "hopelessly and gloriously confusing". She also jots her phone number on the map. When he arrives in Elizabethtown, a boy leads him to the funeral home, where Drew\'s cousin is waiting for him. Various members of his family greet him as the "California boy", although his family had only lived in California for 18 months before moving to Oregon. After viewing his father\'s body, Drew meets with relatives at his Aunt Dora\'s house, realizing that he has a huge loving extended family in the middle-of-nowhere Kentucky. Drew settles into a hotel that is hosting a special event called "Chuck and Cindy: The Wedding". The hotel is a mess from all of the people partying, and Drew is pleasantly surprised by a "Chuck and Cindy" gift basket in his room that states "lovin\' life" on everything. Exhausted, Drew attempts to call home but receives no answer. He also calls his ex-girlfriend Ellen and receives no answer. Finally, he remembers that Claire gave him her number, calls her, and as she picks up, everybody else calls him back. Ellen officially breaks up with him, and his sister informs him that his mother "won\'t stop moving" as she attempts to learn how to cook, how to tap dance, and fix the car in lieu of mourning her husband\'s death. Claire stays on hold and when Drew returns to her line, they talk all night, connecting. Claire drives to meet Drew to see the sunrise. Claire leaves for a flight to Hawaii. Drew meets his family near the burial plot where they would like his father\'s body buried. Drew insists on honoring his mother\'s wish for a cremation. He returns to the hotel, exhausted from being up all night on the phone with Claire and from arguing about cremation with both his mother and his extended family. Claire surprises him and takes him out all day to explore Elizabethtown, starting by helping him pick out an urn for his father. Drew is clearly attracted to Claire and she to him as well but she continues to claim that she has a boyfriend who is a professor and is "married to his academic career." Later on that evening, Drew is spending time at his Aunt Dora\'s house and he sees a photo of his father near a flame from the stove. He suddenly regrets his choice of cremation and runs to the mortuary to stop the cremation but arrives too late and is given an urn containing his father\'s ashes. Drew returns to the hotel to find Claire there. They talk about their feelings and conclude they are not right for each other. They kiss and end up spending the night together. In the morning, Drew tells her about his failure and how he doesn\'t want to be in this world anymore. She belittles the huge failure, making him realize that he\'s just upset over money and failure. Disappointed in his inability to see through his pain and take this opportunity in front of him, Claire says she\'ll try to meet him at his father\'s memorial. Drew\'s mother and sister arrive in Kentucky for the service. After various acquaintances speak in memory of Drew\'s father, his mother, Hollie, talks about her husband, comically, lightening the mood, and lifting a grudge the family has always held against her for "taking Mitch away." Then she does a tap-dance to his favorite song. Drew\'s cousin, along with his band "Ruckus" , begin to play the classic Lynyrd Skynyrd song "Free Bird". The stage prop, a large paper dove, catches on fire, setting off alarms and causing emergency water sprinklers to go off, while everyone flees. Claire had shown up and given Drew a special map to guide him on a solitary road trip home from Kentucky. During the fire, Claire helps evacuate the room, and then she disappears. Drew assumes he\'ll never see her again. Claire\'s map is very elaborate with instructions and CDs, guiding him "home." There are notes of places along the way he should visit. At each one, he spreads some of his father\'s ashes. During the trip, Drew comes to terms with his father and begins to talk to his urn, stating that they should have taken this trip together years ago. Finally, the directions come to a point where he is given two choices—to continue home or to finish the journey Claire laid out for him. Drew chooses to use her route. He is instructed to go to the "Second Largest Farmer\'s Market in The World". There is a note telling him to "look for the girl with a red hat". After looking desperately for a few minutes, he finds the girl, who turns out to be Claire. The film ends with them kissing.'] ['Two people leave the US Navy after having served ten years as a sailor. Sandy is one of them and later invents a carburetor that should increase the speed that powered boats will run. When testing it, he accidentally sinks a boat and has to pay for it. Now he is broke and enters a boat contest. In order to win, he has to invent the fastest boat in the world.'] ['Jewel thief Jack Rhodes, a.k.a. "Jack of Diamonds," is masterminding a heist of $30 million worth of uncut gems. He also has his eye on lovely Gillian Bromley, who becomes a part of the gang he is forming to pull off the daring robbery. Chief Inspector Cyril Willis from Scotland Yard, however, is blackmailing Gillian, threatening her with prosecution on another theft if she doesn\'t cooperate in helping him bag the elusive Rhodes, the last jewel in his crown before the Chief Inspector formally retires from duty.'] ['Na-nan, soon to turn 30, is at a crossroads in her life. She has been dumped by her boyfriend, then gets demoted at work from designer to restaurant manager. For support she relies on her best friend, promiscuous party girl Dong-mi, who shares an apartment with the shy and studious Jeong-joon. Eventually Na-nan attracts the attention of Su-heon, and the two start dating. But when she learns that Su-heon is being transferred to the United States, she must choose between making a go of her career as a restaurateur, or starting a new life overseas.'] ["Gwen Moss  has spent the better part of her life wondering if she ever will meet the man of her dreams, unaware she briefly bumped into him at school as children and has had several close encounters ever since. She aspires to have a life like her longtime friend Debbie , a successful doctor with a beautiful home but a marriage that may not be as perfect as it seems on the surface. Gwen is hired to ghostwrite the autobiography of former child star Francesca Lanfield , whose career virtually ended following her stint on a long-running Partridge Family-Brady Bunch hybrid sitcom. Francesca owns La Fortuna, a picturesque vintage apartment complex. Architect Nick Dawkan's  boss Timo wants to buy and demolish the complex so his firm can construct a modern condominium development in its place. Francesca agrees to the sale as long as Nick is placed in charge of the project, and the two embark on a somewhat tempestuous relationship. Both are damaged emotionally; Francesca has overcome an addiction to drugs but still craves the spotlight, while Nick is dealing with the memory of a father who failed as a songwriter and became a hopeless alcoholic. Meanwhile, Gwen is shocked to discover her father Saul never loved her mother Beebee and is devastated when the two decide to divorce. Gwen moves into La Fortuna and finds herself surrounded by an assortment of odd but lovable neighbors who have created a family of their own. When the tenants are presented with eviction notices, they decide to fight back. Having discovered the property was designed by Sophia Monroe, one of the first female architects of note , and served as home to silent film star Louise Brooks, Gwen hopes she can have it declared an historical landmark with the assistance of Jon Haas, the city councilman she is dating. Nick is prepared to fight for his firm until he sees La Fortuna and learns its history and decides it might be worth preserving after all."] [' In Toronto, Scott Pilgrim, the bass guitarist for the band "Sex Bob-omb", begins dating high schooler Knives Chau, much to the disapproval of his friends. Scott meets an American girl, Ramona Flowers, who has been appearing in his dreams, and becomes obsessed with her, losing interest in Knives. While playing in a battle of the bands sponsored by one "G-Man Graves" for a record deal, Scott is attacked by Matthew Patel, who introduces himself as the first of Ramona\'s "evil exes". Scott defeats Patel and learns from Ramona that, in order for them to date, he must defeat all seven of her evil exes. Scott breaks up with Knives, who blames Ramona for taking Scott from her and begins trying to win him back. Scott battles Ramona\'s second evil ex, popular actor and skateboarder Lucas Lee, who he defeats by tricking him into performing a dangerous skateboard grind that causes him to combust. Scott later encounters the third evil ex, Todd Ingram, who is dating Scott\'s ex-girlfriend, Natalie "Envy" Adams. Todd initially overpowers Scott using his psychic vegan abilities, but is stripped of his powers by the Vegan Police after Scott tricks him into drinking coffee with half and half cream, allowing Scott to defeat him. Scott begins to grow upset with Ramona over her dating history by the defeat of the fourth ex, Roxy Richter. During the second round of the battle of the bands, Sex Bob-omb faces off against the fifth and sixth evil exes, twin Katayanagi brothers Kyle and Ken, earning Scott an extra life upon their defeat. During the battle, Scott sees Ramona together with her seventh evil ex, Gideon Graves, who turns out to be Sex Bob-omb\'s sponsor, G-Man. The members of Sex Bob-omb accept Gideon\'s record deal, except for Scott, who leaves the band. Shortly after, Ramona breaks up with Scott. Upon returning home, Scott receives a phone call invitation from Gideon to his newly opened Chaos Theater where Sex Bob-omb is playing, claiming there to be "no hard feelings". Scott arrives and challenges Gideon to a fight, professing his love for Ramona and gaining a sword called the "Power of Love", which Gideon easily destroys. Knives then crashes the scene to fight Ramona over Scott. Scott goes to break up the girls\' fight, only to accidentally reveal that he cheated on them with each other before he is killed by Gideon. Ramona visits Scott in Limbo and apologizes for getting him involved in her affairs, revealing that Gideon had planted a mind control device in the back of her head. Scott realizes he still has an extra life and uses it to return to life at the moment in time when Gideon first called him. Scott reenters the Chaos Theater where he makes peace with his friends and challenges Gideon again, stating he is fighting for himself and gaining the much stronger "Power of Self-Respect" sword with which he strikes down Gideon. He then apologizes to Ramona and Knives for cheating on them, but Gideon interferes and knocks down Ramona, leading Scott and Knives to team up and defeat him. Free from Gideon\'s control, Ramona prepares to leave, but Knives accepts that her relationship with Scott is over and encourages him to follow Ramona. He does, and the two start their relationship anew.'] ['A romantic triangle turns fantasy into reality in this comedy from Hong Kong. Fung Yip  and Mo Wan  are a pair of young cartoonists who have been hired by a comic book publisher to help write and draw a new superhero comic. Both Fung Yip and Mo Wan become seriously infatuated with Mandy , a beautiful girl who works in the office, and as the friends become rivals for her affections, their characters become increasingly contentious; in time, the superheroes they\'ve created come to life and begin settling their differences using their fighting skills. Nicholas Tse also appears in a dual role as the two rival comic book heroes. Comic King pokes fun at several of the trademarks of the comic industry, including the marketing and packaging of the comics themselves. Those familiar with the "industry" will enjoy the in-joke references.'] ['In 1750, David Garrick, the famous English actor, announces onstage that he has been invited to Paris to work with the prestigious Comédie-Française. A person in the audience jeers that they want him to teach them how to act. When word reaches Paris, the story has become so garbled that the remark is attributed to Garrick himself. The outraged French actors, led by their president, Picard , decide to humiliate Garrick. They take over an inn where he will be staying, and the playwright Beaumarchais  devises a plot intended to frighten Garrick into returning to England. Garrick however is warned by Jean Cabot , an admirer who works as a Comédie-Française prompter. He plays along, ignoring the misgivings of his servant Tubby . A complication arises when Germaine Dupont, Countess de la Corbe , arrives at the inn soon after. Garrick believes she is one of the actresses , when she is actually fleeing a marriage arranged by her father. She falls in love with Garrick, and he plays along. Meanwhile, the French try to discomfort the Englishman with a sword fight, a shootout between a husband and his wife\'s lover, a mad waiter , and at the end, a violent blacksmith. After overhearing the "blacksmith" remind himself to hit his anvil, not Garrick\'s head, with his hammer, Garrick disguises himself as the blacksmith and, pretending to be drunk, tells the aghast French actors that he has struck and killed their intended victim. Then he reveals his identity. Relieved, Picard apologizes and begs him to join them in Paris. Garrick graciously accepts. Before they leave, however, he criticizes Germaine for her bad acting, infuriating her. At his premiere in Paris, playing Don Juan, Garrick learns that Germaine is not a member of the company. Realizing that she was telling the truth and that he actually loves her, he is too distraught to perform. Fortunately, Jean Cabot informs him that he ran into Germaine and explained the whole thing to her. She forgives him and is in the audience.'] ["Three girls, Margo, Kelly, and Cece are roommates living in Los Angeles and enjoying the vibrant and decadent night life of 1980s Los Angeles. Margo  has a boring job in telemarketing, Cece  gets fired from her job at a department store, while Kelly  works in a pet store and is very good at selling pets, mainly thanks to her looks. It's Friday night and the girls are getting ready for a night out on the town, however Margo and Cece soon discover that Kelly has taken Margo's car to go meet a DJ she's infatuated with. Luckily, Kelly's date for the night, Clifford , one of her many infatuated customers, arrives to pick her up, so Margo and Cece hitch a ride with him to go to the club where the DJ is working.Cliffs  reluctantly tags along a roller-coaster ride with them and learns how the girls usually spend their nights out. Meeting rock star Bruno X , surviving a police raid, getting dumped by DJ Brad, taking a trip on Ecstasy, escaping from crazed fans and a run-in with a sexual criminal are some of the situations the group gets themselves into."] ["A plumber's niece  and a refugee  meet in England prior to World War II, and Una O'Connor, Peter Lawford, Helen Walker, Reginald Gardiner, C. Aubrey Smith, Reginald Owen, and Richard Haydn are around to take up what slack there is. Cluny Brown  is a free spirit, who lives in the moment. She has been told, she has to learn her place, and in 1938 England there is much protocol and rules to follow. She has a difficult time not being able to be herself, until she meets Adam Belinski  who finds her spontaneity intoxicatingly refreshing. A plumber's niece, she has a fascination with plumbing and pipes which get her into trouble, as it is not lady like, and Uncle decides to send her into domestic service. From there things get even more fun."] ["Harikrishan  is the youngest son of Thrivikram Muthallali. His brothers Jayakrishnan and Gopikrishan are not as handsome as him. He wants to earn a good living and so sets forth to a Tamil village as manager of a courier company. Hari sees a young Tamil woman named Pavizham  who is being forced by her father to get married against her will. The two fall in love and elope. Hari is afraid of whether or not his parents would agree to their marriage, so he keeps Pavizham undercover as a maid in his home. When Hari goes away on business, his parents realize that Pavizham is pregnant and decide to dismiss her from her job. When Hari returns home, he is forced to reveal that Pavizham is his wife. Hari's mother, who likes Pavizham, scolds Hari for keeping his wife as a servant &mdash; she and her husband express their willingness to accept Pavizham as their daughter-in-law."] ["While vacationing on the Greek Isle of Love, a repressed 30 year old Stefania reluctantly plays chaperon to her precocious 14 year old niece, Meggy, who plans to lose her virginity before the summer is over. Unbeknownst to Stefania, Meggy's chosen man is in fact Stefania's ex-boyfriend. Amidst a mélange of sun rash, broken diets, nervous girls, sleeping bags, orgasms, 80's music, and a little ginger and cinnamon, the two women discover themselves and their sexuality."] ['The story takes place in the fictional town of Greendale in "the state of Northern California" and centers on high-schooler Lane Myer , whose girlfriend Beth  dumps him for the arrogant and bullying captain of the high school ski team, Roy Stalin. Lane cannot get past this rejection and decides that death is the only way out of his misery. His half-hearted attempts at suicide, however, always fail, with comedic consequences. Lane\'s family is odd: his mother, Jenny  is a sort of deranged Stepford wife and perhaps the world\'s worst cook; his genius little brother, Badger never speaks but can build lasers and attract trashy women; and his father, Al  is convinced Lane is using drugs. Lane\'s best friend, Charles de Mar  attempts to inhale everyday substances, like the nitrous oxide in a whipped cream can , Jell-O or snow, as if it were cocaine because he "can\'t even get real drugs here." The film also introduces two Japanese drag racing brothers, one of whom  learned English by impersonating Howard Cosell. As Lane attempts to either end his life or win back his ex-girlfriend, he gradually gets to know a new girl: a French foreign-exchange student named Monique . She is staying with Lane\'s neighbors (Laura Waterbury and [[Dan Schneider  across the street, who are so annoying that she pretends she cannot speak English. Monique turns out to be a fan of the Brooklyn Dodgers  and is a tough, confident soul. She helps Lane fix up his 1967 Camaro and rekindles Lane\'s confidence and his will to live through "language lessons" in the international language of love. The climactic scene involves a ski competition against Roy Stalin on a treacherous slope called the K-12. As the two rivals race, Johnny, Lane\'s persistent paperboy pursues him, repeating that he wants two dollars that are owed .'] ['A group of attractive women get together for a weekend of bonding, hoping to relax and getaway from the anxiety of their boyfriends. The women travel out of town which leads them to picking up men of questionable integrity. The next problem is what will they tell their boyfriends when they get back home.'] ['In 2011, João "Zero" , a bitter but brilliant physicist spends his days brooding over the fateful night 20 years ago, where he was publicly betrayed and humiliated at a college party by his girlfriend. Although heading one of the largest scientific projects in Brazil, his eccentricities and tantrums let him on the verge of being fired by his college roommate and current sponsor, Sandra. Aided by best friend - and fellow scientist - Otávio , Zero turns on the unfinished machine he developed that was supposed to ensure his wealth as well as a new source of sustainable energy for mankind. To his surprise, the reaction caused by the machine proves able to open a bridge to the past, leading him by the year 1991, in the traumatic night in which the beautiful Helena  left him for popular playboy Ricardo . He will then see that changing the facts can be more difficult and confusing than it sounds. Returning to an altered present, Zero learns that his younger self used his knowledge about the future to become a powerful and corrupted businessman, even more separated from Helena. His only alternative is to return to the past once more and prevent himself from changing the present while trying to avoid time paradoxes caused by the presence of three versions of himself in 1991.'] ['Charlie Sheen plays Ryan Turner, a hotshot broker living an upscale life in New York City with his shallow girlfriend Cindy Styne . One morning, he is playing golf with the owner of one of the biggest newspaper publishers of New York. He tells Ryan of a huge merger between his company, Simpson Inc., and a large drug corporation. Ryan, ecstatic that this could be his big break, calls all his clients and informs them of the huge deal that is going to happen and they all place large amounts of money into the merger. However, the next day, Simpson reveals that there is not going to be a merger. Ryan loses most of his own, and much of his clients\' money in light of the news. He storms over to Simpson\'s office, and Simpson tells Ryan that he personally screwed him over because Ryan was sleeping with his wife. Ryan, now near bankrupt, sells his possessions and moves in with his girlfriend, Cindy. Devastated, Ryan tries to get another job at another brokerage, but his license is revoked. Devastated, he loafs around, until Cindy tells him that she is leaving for Brazil with another man. Cindy was working at a small newspaper as an advice columnist. Ryan, since he can\'t get another job anywhere else, lies to the editor Page Hensen  and takes over the column. Inexperienced at caring and giving solid advice, Ryan does poorly at first, and Page wants to get rid of "Cindy". However, Ryan makes a real effort and begins giving good advice to the people writing in, and the column turns into a huge hit and Page\'s newspaper begins to sell more and more across the city. Now, many people want to interview Cindy, but Ryan either tells them she does not give interviews or just sends them to the door. However, Ryan begins to develop feelings for Page, feelings which turn out to be mutual. However, things didn\'t go so well for Cindy, and she comes back into town. Simpson, who now wants Cindy\'s column for his own paper, is interested in buying. Ryan and Page are caught in bed, and reveal everything to Cindy. However, Cindy blackmails them, and moves to Simpson\'s company. Ryan uses his brokerage skills to make some money off the combination of Cindy and Simpson. Of course, Cindy ruins the whole transaction, as she is incapable of the compassionate advice that Ryan was offering in her stead, and soon Simpson\'s stock plummets. Ryan and Page are engaged, and Ryan has since become a successful columnist in his own right.'] ["An Italian housewife, Rosalba Barletta , finds herself stranded during a family vacation. Instead of waiting for her controlling businessman husband, she hitchhikes her way home, only to impulsively detour to Venice. She finds accommodations with a restaurant maitre d', Fernando Girasole , and soon finds herself enjoying her new life. Meanwhile, her husband has sent a bumbling plumber, Costantino , as a private detective to find her. After meeting and falling in love with Grazia, Rosalba's neighbor across the hall, Costantino calls Rosalba's husband and quits, claiming that he is unable to find her. However, her husband's mistress appears and convinces Rosalba to return to her home in Pescara. Fernando follows her and persuades her to return to Venice with him."] ["Seema is the only child of widowed Mohan, who is adopted by Mohan's boss, Sardar Ranjit Singh, who has no heir to his estate, as his daughter, Jamuna, eloped with a much poor peasant, Gopal, as well as Ranjit does not get well with his step-brother, Shankar. Jamuna manages to placate her dad, & he goes to her house, only to find it in flames with Gopal burned to death, and their son, Sunder, missing. Years later, Seema has now grown up and meets with a young man named Pyarelal in Ooty. She meets him a year later, but this time he introduces himself as Jhatpat Singh, a man she was supposedly engaged to in their childhood. Shortly thereafter she meets with the real Jhatpat Singh, and changes her mind about the fake Jhatpat Singh alias Pyarelal. She does get to meet him again - this time he claims to be Sunil, who gets employed by Ranjit as the Estate Manager. Both re-kindle their romance... It is one of two films in which Music Director Rahul Dev Burman plays a role in the film apart from giving the music for the film, the other being Bhoot Bungla."] ['Elvis  leaves Johannesburg Park Station for Durban where his best friend, Tumi  will drive them to Cape Town to attend his wedding to Ayanda'] ["A young fast food worker named Sally Jackson , unwittingly falls in love with Dorian Montier , the stepson of her lover, Henry Lever ([[Chris Ellis . She discovers Henry is married, and disgusted, she leaves him, although she is pregnant with his child. Dorian and his brother Angus , both Army helicopter pilots, then accidentally kill him by scaring him to death by chasing his car with what appears to be an AH-1 attack helicopter. They decide to meet the woman that he was cheating with. In their search, Sally and Dorian fall in love while he gets a job at Burger-Matic  They both take a day off from work to go to the funeral, and he spots her there. Dorian is also faced with dealing with his feelings for her, his mother, Beatrice Lever , and Angus' homicidal desires of revenge."] ['After World War II, when her best friend dies, an Englishwoman, Ann Richards as Amy Atkins / Tillie Gray, takes two orphaned children in search of their Father, Franchot Tone as Johnny Gray, in the States. A former U.S., G.I., he turns out to be a successful architect, who claims he doesn’t remember them, or their Mother. The question is whether he’ll lose his position, if he remembers, with his boss, Clarence Kolb as Mr. Evans , and his fiancé, Frances Rafferty as Lois Evans, the boss’s daughter; or, more, if he can’t remember.'] ['A groom and his four groomsmen wrestle with issues such as fatherhood, homosexuality, honesty and growing up in the week leading up to his wedding. Paulie , a self-supporting writer, is making plans for his marriage to Sue , his girlfriend who is in her 5th month of pregnancy. In real-life, Burns\' then girlfriend, supermodel Christy Turlington, was also five months pregnant when they married in June 2003. Christy inspired Burns to re-work the manuscript for this movie, which he hadn\'t worked on in many months. Paulie is strongly advised by his older brother Jimbo  to not go through with the wedding. Jimbo, who runs a struggling business, is envious of Paulie, partly because his own childless marriage is unraveling. T.C. , who left the neighborhood without explanation eight years earlier, returns for the wedding. Apparently, before leaving, T.C. had stolen a Tom Seaver baseball card from Paulie\'s cousin Mike . Mike still harbors such resentment over the loss that he immediately starts a fight with T.C. Later, T.C. hesitantly reveals that he abruptly left the neighborhood because he\'s gay and that he stole Mike\'s card because, even though they were best friends, he hated him for his constant gay bashing. The neighborhood bar is owned by Dez , who is married with two children and is the most content and functional member of the gang. He is continually trying to "get the band back together". He has even pushed his own sons into learning the guitar and is seen riding them to become better. Jessica Capshaw has a small role in this film. Her stepfather, Steven Spielberg, directed Edward Burns in Saving Private Ryan.'] ['Erin  is a 31-year-old woman who is having trouble pacing her life. She is still in grad school and she recently got a job as a summer intern at a newspaper in New York. While out with a friend at a bar, she meets Garrett , who interrupts her game of Centipede. The two then drink together and end up at his place, where they smoke from a bong and have sex while Garrett\'s roommate Dan  "DJs their hook up". The next morning, Erin is anxious to leave but Garrett asks her to have breakfast with him and she agrees. She then tells him that she is only in New York for six weeks and is not looking for a relationship. He agrees to keep things casual. Erin and Garrett start having a fling, but they soon develop feelings for each other, and Erin tries to convince her boss to find her a permanent position. Before the end of her internship, she writes a well-received article, and her boss asks her to contact him in January regarding possible job openings. Meanwhile Garrett, who works at a record label, is given an assignment to manage a band he does not like, and is starting to dislike his job. They both continue with their fling, but when the six weeks are up they find it difficult to let go. After Garrett drives Erin to the airport they say goodbye, but just as Erin is about to leave Garrett runs after her and tells her that he is crazy about her and wants to have a long-distance relationship with her. She agrees. Over the next couple of months Erin and Garrett spend all their free time texting and calling one another trying to work out times when one of them can fly in. Garrett surprises Erin by showing up on Thanksgiving and they have a very emotional reunion. When they go to Erin\'s sister Corrine\'s house , they start to have passionate sex on the dining table while, unbeknownst to them, Erin\'s brother-in-law, Phil, is having dinner. Corrine eventually walks in and there is an awkward moment. The next day, Erin and Garrett are out to see The Boxer Rebellion, and they agree that the band is good. Garrett gets jealous when he sees that Erin is friends with Damon, a handsome bartender who works with her. Garrett eventually has to leave and goes back to New York. In January, Erin calls her summer internship boss and asks him about the possibility of a job. Her boss tells her they are not hiring - that in fact they have just laid off 100 employees. Not finding comfort in a phone conversation with Garrett, she goes and gets drunk with Damon and almost kisses him, but ends up going home. Later, her professor mentions that he recommended her for a position at The San Francisco Chronicle and she goes for an interview. Meanwhile, Garrett tries to have phone sex with Erin, but it does not go well. A month later as Erin is packing to go to New York she gets a call from the Chronicle letting her know that she is hired. She goes to New York and tells Garrett, and the two have a fight. The next day they make up and he asks her to make the decision whether or not to accept the job. A week later he calls her and tells her he wants her to move to New York so that they can live together and start fresh. She agrees and he goes to San Francisco to sort things out. However, after a conversation with Corrine, Garrett realizes that he cannot be the reason that Erin turns down the job and the two part ways after an emotional conversation and a long hug in the airport. Six months later Erin is doing well with her career, having written her first front page story, and Garrett has not been with any woman since Erin. He quits his job and starts managing The Boxer Rebellion, the first band he and Erin saw together. He sends Erin tickets to their show and she goes, not knowing that he is the manager. She runs into him there and he tells her he has moved to Los Angeles. Since that is only a few hours away from San Francisco, they have another chance at a relationship. They go to Corrine\'s house to find Corrine and Phil dry humping on the table . The film ends when Erin\'s niece, Maya, comes downstairs during the awkward moment, while they all scream "Maya! Statue!" .'] ['Penelope Wilhern  is a young woman from a wealthy family with all the qualities to make an excellent match for any other well-bred man of her status. However, what sets her apart is that she has pig-face disorder. Generations ago, an embittered witch placed a curse on the Wilhern family after their son had an affair with her daughter, one of the Wilhern servants, and, talked out of marrying her by his disapproving family, abandoned her and married someone of his own status. The distraught and pregnant servant girl then threw herself off of a cliff. Furious, the witch then cursed the Wilherns so that the next daughter to be born into the affluent family would have the face of a pig. For five generations, the Wilherns were lucky enough to produce only sons, until Penelope was born, stricken with the curse. It is said that the curse can only be lifted if \'one of her own\' learns to love her, which her parents interpret as meaning that Penelope must marry a man of noble birth. As rumours spread of the existence of a baby with the face of a pig, a tabloid reporter named Lemon  begins stalking the family to get a photograph of the infant Penelope. Penelope\'s parents, Jessica and Franklin , decide to fake their daughter\'s death and cloister her away in their mansion, where Penelope spends her life immersing herself in intellectual pursuits such as literature, horticulture, and music. When Penelope becomes an adult, her parents attempt to introduce her to possible suitors, hoping that one of them will fall in love with her and break the curse. Unfortunately, every man who lays eyes on her flees in terror, including Edward Humphrey Vanderman III , a spoiled, cruel-hearted snob who finds her repulsive. Vanderman\'s panicked flight from the Wilhern house results in a newspaper article dubbing him insane. To redeem his name, Vanderman decides to team up with Lemon in an effort to get a photograph of Penelope. The two of them track down Max Campion , a young blue blood disowned by his family, who has developed a gambling problem and is in desperate need of money. Lemon and Vanderman pay Max to pose as a new suitor for Penelope, hiding a camera in his jacket so that he can steal a picture of her. After talking to Penelope through a one-way mirror, however, Max is unexpectedly caught off guard by her sweetness and charm, and Penelope also trusts him enough to show him her face. Though Max is not frightened of Penelope, he accidentally triggers the camera in his jacket, which causes him to retreat. A heartbroken Penelope believes that Max too finds her monstrous, and instead begs him to marry her simply for her status and in order to break the curse. Max, though obviously torn, insists that he cannot marry Penelope. He then calls off his agreement with Lemon and Vanderman, and destroys the camera, realizing that their attempt to exploit Penelope is wrong. Meanwhile, Penelope, inspired by Max\'s conversations about the outside world, decides to flee the protection of her parents\' home, and journeys out into the city, naive and ignorant about normal life, and with a scarf to cover her face. While at a bar, Penelope ends up befriending Annie . Having no money and seeing that Lemon and Vanderman are offering a reward for a photograph of her, she decides to collect on the reward by producing a photo of herself, essentially coming out of hiding to the public. To her surprise, Penelope becomes an overnight celebrity, flocked by adoring fans who are not disgusted by her face. Penelope\'s courage in going out to the world then acts as an inspiration for Max, who quits gambling and starts work in an old theatre. Lemon, however, discovers that the man he and Vanderman had recruited to go in to the Wilhern house and photograph Penelope is in fact not Max Campion at all, but a man named Johnny Martin, who simply posed as Campion for the money. Penelope\'s family wonder whether the only reason "Max" refused to marry Penelope was because he knew that, as a non blue blood, he would not be able to break the curse for her. Meanwhile, Vanderman\'s father , seeing the public\'s fondness for Penelope, and embarrassed by his son\'s vocal cruelty toward her, coerces Edward into proposing to the girl. Penelope nearly marries him, but backs out of the wedding at the last minute when she realises that she does not want to marry simply to break the curse. Though Penelope\'s mother urges her to marry Vanderman and at last lead a \'normal life\', an exasperated Penelope says that she likes herself the way she is. This breaks the curse, as Penelope has at last been loved by \'one of her own kind\' - herself - and her pig snout and ears disappear. As the years pass, Penelope moves on with her life, becoming a horticulturist and teacher, and the spectacle of her former appearance is gradually forgotten by the public. One Halloween, Penelope finds several of her students dressing up as her old pig self, and dons a \'Penelope\' mask as she goes to reunite with Johnny, who she discovers lives nearby. Johnny, not realising that the curse has been broken, kisses Penelope and apologizes to her, saying that he does not have the power to break the curse. Penelope then reveals that she had the power to lift the curse all along, and the two share a passionate kiss, beginning a romantic relationship. The film ends with Johnny happily pushing Penelope on a swing in a garden. On a nearby lake, Lemon rows up in a rowboat, and is about to take a picture revealing to the world what has happened to Penelope, but observes their happiness, and decides to let his obsession go.'] ["Selleck plays Phil Blackwood, an American mystery novelist who comes across a dazzling Romanian murder suspect named Nina  when she is arraigned in the courtroom he's visiting. Instantly falling for her, Blackwood poses as a Roman Catholic priest in order to meet her while she is held pending her continued arraignment. With the help of his friend, Sam , Blackwood invents an alibi for Nina to secure her release. Nina then takes up residence with Blackwood, serving as the inspiration for a novel that will decide the fate of his and Sam's careers in writing and publishing, all while evading operatives from communist Romania. The climax of the film takes place during The Funeral of Grimaldi, a jovial memorial service in which many clowns gather to celebrate the life of Joseph Grimaldi. Although it was Porizkova's best-known film appearance, her role as Nina in Her Alibi earned her a 1990 Golden Raspberry nomination for Worst Actress."] [" André Maciel, a young man who works in a photocopier shop, falls in love with his neighbour Sílvia, who works in a clothes shop. In order to get closer to her he decides to buy a dress he can't afford. To pay for it he begins photocopying money, which quickly gets out of control. Once he realizes that he can get away with photocopying money, he decides to try it on a slightly larger scale. Even so, he realizes that the amount he can make by photocopying is limited and so he looks for better ways to get money. Being a guy with little education and a job as a copy machine operator, he decides that the only way out he has is to rob a bank somehow, so that he can run away with his sweetheart Silvia. The plot also has characters such as Marinês, Cardoso, Feitosa , and his mother along with Silvia's guardian / father, Antunes. The movie takes an unexpected twist when André, who does not really look like the kind of guy who could pull off a robbery, actually pulls it off and the next day he also finds out that he has won the lottery with the numbers ' 1 2 3 4 5 6'. He does all the activities with the help of his friend Cardoso. Two people die in the movie and eventually, the movie goes on to tell us the truth behind all the incidents and how they were actually masterminded by Silvia. The movie ends with Silvia writing to the man she believes is her father and telling her about the journey she had undertaken to be in Rio, the place she meets Paulo, her father."] ['Danny O\'Neill, Fred Astaire, and Hank Taylor, Burgess Meredith, are friends and rival trumpeters, with The Perennials, a college band. Both of them have managed to prolong their college career, by failing seven years in a row. At a performance, Ellen Miller, Paulette Goddard, catches Danny and Hank\'s eye. She serves them, for her boss, a debt collector; but, the fast talkers soon have her working for them, as their manager. Tired of losing gigs to The Perennials new manager, Artie Shaw, playing himself, comes to woo Ellen away, as his booking manager. She tries to get Danny and Hank an audition for Shaw\'s band; but, their jealous hi-jinks get them both fired. Sick of interfering producers, Ellen nevertheless talks Shaw into letting J. Lester Chisholm, Charles Butterworth, back a concert. It looks like the gig is up, when Hank pretends to be Ellen\'s jealous husband, and then brother. But, talking fast, they get Chisholm back on board, and Danny\'s song, in the show. All they have to do is keep Chisholm and his mandolin, which he\'s insisting on playing in the concert, off key and out of time, away from Shaw, until after the show. The only question is whether Hank or Chisholm got the champagne glass with the sleeping pills. To Ellen\'s relief, Danny finally acts professionally, arranging his number, for the show, which Shaw says "has really grown up, into something special"; instead of like a perpetual sophomore; and, they\'re going to get married. Danny is head over heels, as the music starts; and, he successfully dance-conducts his own composition, secure in Ellen\'s affections.'] ['Roland  is getting married  and Slim , who scoffs at the idea of marriage, but is furious at Roland for disappearing. The story reminisces back to Mike\'s (portrayed as a youth by [[Sean Nelson  first encounters with Roland  and Slim , his first real crush on a girl named Alicia , and the three young men\'s misadventures as teenagers. Shy and awkward, Mike sticks out like a sore thumb on his first day, but is quickly befriended by Slim and Roland. On a dare from Slim and Roland, Mike runs and grabs Alicia\'s butt, leading to a big fight with her big brother Stacey , a violent gang member. While he is thoroughly beat down, Mike earns Stacey\'s private respect for fighting back like a man. Meanwhile in present day, Mike and Slim go find Roland for his wedding, when they get a call from Tanya  saying that she has him with her and that he is very drunk. They get to her house to pick him up to take him back to the wedding to marry his bride Lisa  because they only have two hours before the ceremony begins. Back to their old school times, they go to their first dance of the year, go to a store that gets held up by Stacey, who recognizes the boys and offers them a ride to the dance. The boys almost get arrested by two cops due to Stacey\'s broken taillight. Mike\'s quick thinking prevents one of the cops from finding Stacey\'s gun and they are let go. Impressed, Stacey begins a new friendship with Mike by apologizing for their prior run in but explained that he was protecting his sister, and, seeing how much Mike likes her, gives him advice on how to win her heart. When they get back to the dance it is almost over and Mike gets to dance with Alicia and at the end of the dance he gets her number. In the present day while reminiscing Roland gets sick, throws up all over Slim and Mike and now they only have an hour left before the wedding and they have to get cleaned up, then they take their clothes to the cleaners. Mike returning back to their memories, they were now juniors in high school, thinking about sex, ways to get it and making a lot of bets. Mike, now hiding his still present shyness with a veil of over confidence, reconnects romantically with Alicia. It\'s revealed in the present time that after High School, Alicia and Mike went their separate ways for good. The boys finally make it to the ceremony to have Roland apologize to a furious Lisa for leaving her worried before the wedding ceremony. Before the ceremony begins Mike sees Alicia  his childhood crush, and finally Roland and Lisa get married. Mike tells his last childhood memory, and its when they go to a homecoming dance for their school and that they will be the boys from "The Wood".'] ["John Lewis  is a poorly paid and professionally frustrated Welsh librarian and occasional drama critic, whose affections fluctuate between glamorous Liz , and his long-suffering wife Jean . When a better paid job becomes vacant, Lewis is reluctant to apply, but is persuaded to do so by Jean. Then he meets the obviously attractive Elizabeth Gruffydd-Williams , a designer with the local amdram company and wife of a local councillor. Liz offers to intercede with her husband in getting Lewis the job, and makes it clear that she is attracted to him. Lewis is easily seduced into an affair, although the couple never consummates their attraction. Having been persuaded by Liz to leave the theatre's new production early, Lewis submits a bogus review to the local newspaper, but learns next morning that the theatre burned down shortly after the play commenced. Jean thus learns of the affair and retaliates by encouraging her old flame Probert , a self-important literary character and dramatist . Lewis also loses the friendship of his colleague and best friend Ieuan Jenkins , who had a role in the play. When Lewis is offered the better paid job, he realises that Liz will now use and control him if he lets her. Finally realising the price he has paid, he breaks off the affair and takes a job as a mobile librarian, in the hope that this will keep him away from predatory women. Jean is not so sure that he can resist them, and tags along to keep an eye on him."] ['In 1980, Jorge Pellegrini , a young and talented Argentine writer, upon returning from a trip to Europe, is forced to write short love stories for "Cosas", a local, light-themed magazine, to aid his dire financial situation. His boss and best friend, Roberto ([[Eduardo Blanco , constantly censors Jorge\'s stories, by deciding which parts to take out or which stories not to print. Jorge\'s friend and mentor, Mastronardi, often visits the magazine HQ asking Roberto for work, but due to his history of struggling against the military government in Argentina, finds himself in a black list and cannot find work. In the showing of a short film, based on a story by Jorge, he meets Laura , a passionate, beautiful and charming young girl who works as a waiter in a restaurant. He is instantly smitten by her, and she gives him her card. Days after, he receives news of the death of Mastronardi, and begins to write a story about his deceased friend. However, he experiences writer\'s block, and cannot get around to finish it. Jorge then finds the card Laura gave him, and decides to go the restaurant where she works. They go on a date to a bar, and they display chemistry and understanding, and Laura reveals that she has a boyfriend, an artist on a tour in Uruguay. Things go awry when the police raid the place and take Laura to jail, as she did not have her documents. Jorge then decides to be taken to jail himself in order to oversee Laura\'s safety. Upon their release, Laura and Jorge spend more and more time together, and Jorge reveals his feelings for Laura. She then tells him that she currently does not reciprocate, but she will call him if she "figures out any context" in which she could. Months go by and Jorge buries himself in his work, starts a diary  and loses hope of receiving Laura\'s phone call. However, she then calls him and they arrange a date, at which she reveals that she wanted to be sure of not waiting for her boyfriend anymore before starting a new relationship. They kiss, make love and start a relationship. The first months are full of romance and passion; however, when Laura decides to quit her job to work for free at a local radio station, Jorge begins to lose interest in her, and is constantly bothered by the monotony of their relationship. To make matters worse, Laura has decided to make a great writer out of Jorge, and constantly pressures him to stop writing the short and simple-minded love stories and focus on a powerful book. When Jorge reaches the breaking point and cannot stand the current status of his relationship with Laura, he cheats on her with Carola. Laura finds out and leaves him immediately. Jorge, once again, buries himself in his work, until he receives news from Roberto that, due to restructuring, the magazine will no longer publish his stories. However, he is offered a job as the movie and theatre critic of the magazine, which he angrily refuses. He then finds the inspiration to finish Mastronardi\'s story and take it to the theatre. However, the play is a failure, and because of the effort he put in it, Jorge is heartbroken. Jorge then receives an emotional visit from Mastronardi\'s spirit, who asks him to look after his son, Sebastián. In 1987, things have changed: Jorge has accepted the job offer as the movie and theatre critic, and Roberto is engaged to Marita, a friend of Laura\'s whom he met in a double date set by Jorge and Laura years before. Jorge is in a relationship with a new girl; however, he finds himself shocked when he receives news that Laura is to be married to her old boyfriend. This prompts Jorge to track Laura and, after spending a day together, they make love, and Laura then decides that she will get married anyway. Once again, years go by, and in the 90s, a bitter and disillusioned Jorge, still works as a critic. However, due to his failures and disappointments, and to the loss of his spirit and morals, we learn that he now asks for money in return for writing favourable reviews. This works against him when Laura, one of the producers of the movie he asked money to write a favourable review for, personally delivers him the money, and looks at him with disgust. One day at the office, due to a disagreement, veteran political journalist Márquez  has a heated exchange with his boss, young Micky  and is fired. This then prompts Sebastián, Mastronardi\'s son, to blame Jorge for his father\'s death. Unable to cope with guilt, and after realizing how much he has changed, Jorge attempts suicide. This attempt, however, is frustrated by Roberto, who arrives just in time to save him. After the suicide attempt, there is a surprise party, at which the employees of Cosas decide to donate one twelfth of their salaries to Márquez. Laura and Jorge meet once again, and share a long talk about their lives, hopes and crushed dreams. The movie ends with a hint that Jorge and Laura will give their relationship one last chance. Jorge, reinvigorated, and looking like a happy man for the first time in years, watches her taxi depart with a broad smile. He is then greeted by his friends, Márquez, Sebastián and Roberto, and tells them of the new love story he is planning to write.'] ['The film is about a pair of American authors who promise to find love for three single Londoners in just three days, as a publicity stunt for the UK launch of their book \'Are You Ready for Love?... How to Find Love in Three Days\'. The fictitious authors Randy Bush  and Candy Connor  offer "a fail-safe guide to instant romance" to their dating victims, Melanie , Barry , and Luke ([[Ed Byrne . When Candy and Randy, celebrated Californian self-help gurus, come to London to launch their bestselling book ‘Are You Ready For Love? How To Find Love in Three Days’, they choose three single Brits for a publicity stunt to prove that their advice works. Luke, Barry and Melanie are the three unlucky-in-love hopefuls who pay good money to take part in Candy and Randy’s promotional promise. Luke, a self-confessed ‘Monster Lover’, is a 38 year old ageing pop star who relies on his status as a one hit wonder to attract one night stands. He is in desperate need of help to find a real relationship. Barry, a 35 year old Jewish dentist is a perfectionist with high expectations for his perfect partner. He turns to Candy and Randy in a last attempt to avoid his domineering mother’s match-making scheme. Melanie, a 32 year old photographer, is a hopeless romantic looking for ‘The One’. Always seeming to find the wrong one, she believes that Candy and Randy will help her to find true love. These three single Brits have 72 hours to find love by following the advice given to them by the love gurus and their new book. Throughout this three day period, their every move is filmed by roving cameras who are documenting their success for a promotional TV programme to be shown at a press conference after the three days are up. Are You Ready for Love? is released on DVD by Sony on 9 February 2009 and is already available to pre-order on the internet.'] ['Four angels &mdash; Charlie, Earl, Gonzales, and Ruth &mdash; have been in charge of Heaven for the last 25 years. They are playing a golf match in Heaven when their game is interrupted by God, who has now returned to the office and does not like what he sees down on Earth. God wants to order up another flood and start all over again , but the angels persuade God to reconsider, reasoning that if a typical Earth man can reform, it would prove that all mankind is capable of it. God agrees to the scheme, and the typical Earth man selected by the angels is Zack Melon &mdash; a failed inventor who, threatened by loan sharks, decides to hold up a bank. Zack points his gun at bank teller Debbie Wylder who ostensibly gives him all the money. But when Zack peers into the sack after the robbery, he sees that Debbie has substituted bank deposit slips for the cash and has kept the money for herself. Zack tracks her down to reclaim his stolen money and the two fall in love.'] ['Katie Higgins  is the wholesome daughter of a dairy farmer. The entire family  start the day with a brisk song and morning swim. One day, Katie meets traveling salesman Windy Weebe  who is instantly smitten. Weebe sells an elixir that purports to turn the user into a peppy, fit-as-a-fiddle specimen, and upon noticing the entire family\'s strength in the water, suggests that they all attempt to swim the English Channel. The family and Weebe head off to England whereupon they learn that the distance to be conquered is 20 miles "as the seagull flies" but with the currents, can be up to 42 miles. Katie is the only one in the family strong enough to attempt this feat, so she begins training with Weebe as her coach. On a foggy day, Katie, in the water, is separated from Weebe, in a rowboat, and is rescued by a handsome Frenchman, Andre Lanet . Lamas falls for the spunky American and begins trying to woo her. Katie tries to stay focused on her swim, but is being pulled in different directions by the two men. In a dream sequence, Katie does an underwater ballet with cartoon characters Tom and Jerry, as well as animated depictions of the different people in her life. The film ends happily with Katie\'s attempt to cross the Channel and the resolution of her gentlemen issues.'] ["Joe Pendleton , a backup quarterback for the American football team Los Angeles Rams, is looking forward to leading his team to the Super Bowl. He is riding a bicycle through the Mulholland Drive tunnel under Sepulveda Boulevard in Los Angeles when he collides with a truck. An over-anxious guardian angel  on his first assignment plucks Joe out of his body early in the mistaken belief that his death is imminent, and Pendleton arrives in the afterlife. Once there, he refuses to believe that his time was up, and upon investigation, the mysterious Mr. Jordan  discovers that he is right; he was not destined to die until much later. Unfortunately, his body has already been cremated, so a new body must be found. After rejecting several possibilities , Joe is finally persuaded to accept the body of millionaire industrialist Leo Farnsworth. Farnsworth has just been drugged and drowned in his bathtub by his wife Julia  and her lover, Farnsworth's personal secretary, Tony Abbott . Julia and Tony are naturally confused when Farnsworth reappears, alive and well. Leo Farnsworth buys the Los Angeles Rams in order to lead them to the Super Bowl as their quarterback. In order to succeed, he must first convince, and then secure the aid of, long-time friend and trainer Max Corkle  to get his new body into shape. At the same time, he falls in love with an environmental activist, Betty Logan , who disapproves of Farnsworth's policies and actions. As the film's plotline heads toward the Super Bowl, the characters all face a crisis. Julia and Abbott continue their murderous plans, and Abbott shoots Farnsworth dead. The Rams are forced to start another quarterback, Thomas Jarrett, in the climactic football game. After a brutal hit on the field, Jarrett is himself killed. With Mr. Jordan's help, Joe then occupies his final body, that of Jarrett. Joe, in Jarrett's body, is shown leading the Rams to victory. During the team's post-game victory celebration, Mr. Jordan removes Joe's memory of his past life and departs. Joe becomes Thomas Jarrett and the cosmic balance is restored; the winning quarterback, Jarrett, is shown meeting Betty after the celebrations have ended, and as the film ends it is strongly implied that they are falling in love as a result of a mutual sense of déjà vu."] ["{{expand section|dateAlternate ending An alternate ending found on the Laserdisc and DVD versions picks up after Oscar leaves Charity. Oscar starts to go crazy in his apartment and, feeling suffocated, goes for a walk in the park. He sees Charity on their bridge in Central Park and thinks she is going to jump. Racing to rescue her, he trips and falls in the water. Charity jumps in after him, but can't swim so Oscar rescues her. Oscar realizes Charity is the only breath of fresh air in his life, proposes again, and she accepts. Fosse thought the ending was too corny, but filmed it in apprehension that the studio would demand a happy ending. In the end, though, they agreed with Fosse and kept the original ending from the stage version."] ["The film opens up with Wesley Deeds , the rich entrepreneur of the family-owned Deeds Corporation, getting dressed for work. His fiancée, Natalie  fixes breakfast for him, obsessing over Wesley’s predictable daily routine and life. Before going to work, Wesley makes one unpredictable stop- to pick up his delinquent younger brother Walter , who lost his driver’s license after a string of DUIs. Wesley informs Walter they are going to have lunch with their mother, the respectable Wilimena Deeds . At lunch, tension forms between Walter and Wilimena. After lunch, Wilimena goes to meet Natalie, Natalie’s mother, and Natalie’s best friend Heidi  at the bridal shop. Wilimena and Natalie’s mother urge the bride-to-be to consider her future with Wesley by opening up about how many children they want. At the same time, on an impoverished side of town, Lindsey Wakefield , a single mother and cleaning woman for The Deeds Corporation, finds out that she will be evicted from her home if she doesn’t pay her bills soon. Lindsey hurries to receive her check from work, and ends up parking in Wesley’s reserved spot, leaving her six-year old daughter Ariel  inside. Wesley and Walter find Ariel in the car as Lindsey rushes to work only to find back taxes has cut down her paycheck. When Lindsey returns, she finds that Walter has had her car towed, and engages in a heated argument with the two men. Lindsey rushes off to bring Ariel to school while Wesley has a meeting with his coworker and best friend John  over how to snag a rival company Wesley and Walter’s father has been against for years. Lindsey returns from work only to find that she has been evicted from her home. Scooping up her belongings, she drives to Ariel’s school, picking her up late. While she works another shift, Lindsey keeps Ariel in the broom closet of the building. After her shift is finished, Lindsey scoops up Ariel and together they reside in their van. Wesley sees them and decides to watch over them until Lindsey’s “boyfriend” comes to get them. Eventually, Wesley takes Lindsey and Ariel out for pizza. Wesley and Lindsey bond, smoothing over their earlier disagreement. However, the two both face rough bumps in their lives: Ariel’s teacher finds out that Lindsey and Ariel are homeless and threatens to call child welfare, and Wesley struggles to expand the business while watching over Walter and discovering a more complex love life with Natalie. One night, Natalie returns home drunk after a fashion show in a nightclub and unsuccessfully tries to seduce Wesley, yelling at him in anger for not being spontaneous. After child welfare comes and takes Ariel after telling Lindsey she can get Ariel back when she finds a solid place to live, Wesley gives Lindsey a rent-free corporate apartment. Lindsey again gains custody of Ariel, and helps Wesley find his wild side. Wesley reveals he always wanted to ride a motorcycle. Lindsey rents a bike and together, the two ride throughout the countryside, eventually stopping by a pond where they share a kiss. Wesley reveals his engagement, and Lindsey runs away to pick up Ariel from school. Wesley finds out that the business officially snagged the rival company, and his corporation holds a party in his honor that goes badly when Walter has an outburst. Lindsey comes to the party to talk to Wesley and tries to leave when she sees what is going on, but Walter forces her to stay. Walter implies to Wilimena that Wesley and Lindsey are having an affair, calling Lindsey a janitor. Wilimena then gives Lindsey a subtle hint that Wesley does not stay in relationships with someone under his economic class for long before Natalie, Wesley, Walter, Wilimena, and Lindsey get stuck in an elevator after Wesley and Walter have picked an immense fight with each other. Natalie and Wilimena notice Lindsey reaching caringly for Wesley's hand, which was injured in the tussle with his brother. Wesley goes to see Lindsey at her apartment later that night, but she rejects him. Wesley and Natalie soon realize that although they love each other, their marriage would not be a happy one, and that they are only living this engagement for their parents. They reveal at their engagement party that they are no longer planning to marry, much to Wilimena’s surprise. Wesley also reveals he is quitting his job and taking up traveling to see his old friends, hiring John as the new CEO of The Deeds Corporation. Though he is initially angered by this decision, Walter accepts this, and begins to calm down his aggressive attitude. Before he leaves, Wesley goes to see Lindsey at the office and reveals his plans to go to Nigeria, inviting Lindsey and Ariel along after telling her the engagement is off. Lindsey again rejects him, and Wesley heads to Nigeria after giving his mother a good-bye kiss. At the airport, Wesley doesn’t see Lindsey, and sadly boards the plane. When he turns around as the plane is set to take flight, he finds Lindsey and Ariel sitting down across from him. Wesley and Lindsey share a kiss, with Ariel looking on happily."] ['Georgia  is a Greek American tour guide who is leading a tour around Greece with an assorted group of misfit tourists who would rather buy a T-shirt than learn about history and culture. In a clash of personalities and cultures, everything seems to go wrong, until one day when an older traveller named Irv Gideon , shows her how to have fun, and to take a good look at the last person she would ever expect to find love with, her Greek bus driver .{{cite web}} Echo Bridge Entertainment. Retrieved on May 12, 2008'] ["The film stars Summer Phoenix as the title character, in the role of a young Jewish woman living in London with a sister who is about to marry a young Jewish man. Breaking with the ideas of her traditionally orthodox family, Suzie falls in love with Darren , who happens not to be Jewish. She fears introducing him to her family because of their opposition to marrying outside of one's faith.'British Jews need to laugh at themselves' The Telegraph. 1 March 2004"] ['Bunny and the Bull is a road movie set entirely in a flat. Stephen Turnbull  hasn’t left the house in months. When an infestation of mice wreaks havoc on his daily routine, he finds his mind going back to a disastrous trek round Europe he undertook the previous year with his best friend Bunny . As the story progresses Stephen reconstructs the journey using objects found around his flat, while hallucinations of several people from the journey trouble him. The journey begins with Stephen attempting to declare his feelings for Melanie , the love of his life, in a restaurant; unfortunately she had put him firmly in "the friend zone". To help lift his spirits Bunny proposes that they go on trip around Europe. When they go to visit the local bookmaker, Bunny convinces Stephen to break the habit of a lifetime and take a risk by putting fifty pounds on a rank outsider. They win and then use the £2,500 winnings to pay for the trip. Along the way they stumble across several interesting characters including: a demented dog-loving tramp , an alcoholic ex-matador , a dull tour-guide  and a superstitious waitress Eloisa , with whom both Bunny and Stephen start a relationship. Stephen is a nervous vegetarian who prepares himself well for every journey—he is definitely the more sensible of the two friends. Bunny is slightly crooked: loves a bet, loves alcohol and definitely loves sex. Later on in the film Bunny\'s gambling ways eventually lead him into losing a suit that he stole from the former matador to a gypsy . This all happens as soon Stephen has had intercourse with Eloisa . Bunny begs Stephen to help him which he agrees to eventually . Eventually the duo catch a train ; Stephen starts becoming firm with Bunny and tells him he has never really achieved anything and that the only reason they went to Spain anyway was to fight a bull. Bunny says that if Stephen wants him to fight a bull then he will. Bunny finds a large bull which is made from clockwork and household objects. After fighting the bull for awhile Bunny begins to leave, at which point the bull charges towards him and as it does it becomes real, its horns goring Bunny in the chest causing him to fall down dead. Stephen, possibly blaming himself for his friend\'s death, hasn\'t left his house since. Back to the present Stephen is imagining Bunny sitting by his side talking to him about women. Bunny advises Stephen to talk to Eloisa. Stephen gives her a call  and after this gets ready to leave the house still seeing Bunny in a vision. Bunny asks if he can put a bet on a horse and tells him its a shoo-in and is worth betting his whole house on. Stephen turns around to Bunny one last time before leaving to find that Bunny has disappeared. Stephen steps outside venturing out into the world once again and shuts the door behind him. The credits roll.'] ['A journalist mistakes a woman for a prostitute. While he tries to interview her about her job he falls in love with her.'] ['Four college co-eds head south on a spring break trek to Fort Lauderdale, Florida seeking fun in the sun: Carole  taking a separate vacation from her steady boyfriend, winds up as a hot contender in a "Hot Bod Contest"; Jennie  is doubly lucky, courted by both a rich classical pianist and a devil-may-care rocker; Sandra  looking for the Mr. Right who will finally satisfy her; and Laurie  dreams of a night of unbridled passion with a real he-man.'] ['Richard Herald  is a famous opera singer and father to Richard Herald II, who has recently returned from fighting in the war, and now prefers to be known as Dick Johnson . Dick has been engaged to socialite Frances Allenbury  since before he left for the war, and has been expressing some apprehension about marrying her. Mr. Herald wants his son to join him at the opera company, but Dick wants to enjoy his life now that he’s out of the army. While speaking to his father backstage after a show, he sees a magazine featuring Leonora Cambaretti, an aquacade star. As it turns out, after Mr. Herald received an injury during the war, he stayed at a hospital where Leonora performed for the patients. Dick, who had yet to have his bandages removed from his eyes and head, though he is healed, couldn’t see Nora, and the men described her beauty to him as her family’s friend, Ferdi Farro  played on the piano. Thinking he is blind, Nora allowed Dick to touch her face and then kissed him, only to then find out that he was able to see, and she swam away. Now, Nora is performing as the star of the Aqua Capers show. Dick finds Nora, and after giving her another kiss, he gets his nose twisted as punishment. Nora misunderstands why Dick is there to see her, and offers him a job with the show, but Ferdi then convinces his friend Xavier Cugat to give job a position as a baritone at his night club.  After an Aqua Capers performance, Dick and Nora go to dinner together. When Nora arrives back at the hotel, Ferdi reminds her that she barely knows anything about Dick. At rehearsal the next day, Nora tells Dick that before they can fall in love, he has to pass inspection from her family, back on Mackinac Island. Dick leaves with Nora while Frances\'s mother, Harriet meets with Richard and agrees to announce their children\'s engagement. On the island, Dick meets Nora’s grandmother  and niece, Deborah, , who warm up to him after he sings Grandmother’s favorite song, " In Apple Blossom Time". Meanwhile, Ferdi and Gordon find that Dick’s engagement has been announced in the newspaper and try to think of a way to let Nora know. When the two return home, they each discover the engagement announcement separately. Nora is heartbroken, and Gordon arranges for her to stay somewhere far away from Dick and her Grandmother, since Dick would know where to find her if she were there. Dick arrives just as she leaves, only to be confronted by Ferdi. Six weeks later, Mr. Herald arrives as an Aqua Capers rehearsal in an attempt to find Nora, in case Dick is with her, but Ferdi will not tell him, though he knows where both of them are. Ferdi goes to see Dick at Xavier Cugat’s club, where he accuses Ferdi of being in love with Nora as well. Meanwhile, summer has arrived on Mackinac Island, and tourists are flooding the island. Xavier Cugat’s band has a contract to perform at the Grand Hotel, and Dick goes with them. Deborah, knowing that Nora has arrived by boat, hurries to the hotel and notifies Dick. Dick loads Deborah onto her bicycle and rides all the way to the Cambaretti house to speak with Nora. Nora tells him that she couldn’t be with him because she would never know whether or not he was lying to her, and he leaves. Ferdi invites Mr. Herald to the island, where he apologizes to Grandmother Cambaretti for placing the announcement in the newspaper. He also recognizes her from her old days as a performer in the circus. The two decide that the children should be married and come up with a way to push the two together. While Nora is at the swimming pool of the hotel, teaching Deborah to dive and swim, Dick begins singing "Easy to Love" with Xavier Cugat\'s female vocalist, which makes Deborah jealous and Gordon leave. That night, Nora decides she is going to go after Gordon, but Ferdi convinces her otherwise. Mr. Herald takes Grandmother to listen to Dick\'s performance at the hotel, where he convinces Xavier Cugat to fire his son and then begins to sing for the audience when Nora arrives with Ferdi. He stops singing "La donna è mobile" and begins "Easy to Love", during which Nora gets up and sits next to Dick, where they hold hands and snuggle into each other.'] ['A pair of talk show hosts team with a relationship-guide author to help listeners improve their relationships. Eventually, the trio unwittingly expose their own love-related baggage. Starring Terrence Howard and Robin Givens, Love Chronicles screened at the American Black Film Festival.'] ["Amos Babcock Bellamy  and Ben Hucklebee  scheme to get their respective children, Luisa  and Matt , to fall in love. Knowing they will resist their fathers' interference, the two men use reverse psychology and fabricate a feud, building a wall between their houses and forbidding their children to speak to each other. When their plan works, they enlist the aid of El Gallo , the proprietor of a traveling carnival, to put an end to their supposed disagreement in a manner which will not reveal their deception. El Gallo pretends to kidnap Luisa with the help of his troupe, which includes elderly Shakespearean actor Henry Albertson  and his mute sidekick Mortimer ([[Teller , and arranges for Matt to rescue her. The couple settles into what they anticipate will be domestic bliss, but through the eyes of El Gallo and company they see the harsh realities of the world, and their innocent romanticism is replaced by a more mature understanding of love."] ['Zachary "Zach" Hutton is a successful author who has a weakness for alcohol and beautiful women. Zach\'s mistress walks in on him in the process of cheating on her, followed by his estranged wife Alex discovering him in bed with both women. Following the breakup of those relationships, Zach engages in a long period of binge-drinking and solace-seeking with a string of women. He avoids work, continues to strain relations with his ex-wife and drunkenly attends a formal party dressed in a genie\'s costume. Zach\'s affairs include one with a volatile woman named Molly who deliberately leaves him hooked up too long to a skin-treatment electro-therapy machine that gives his body quivering spasms from head to toe. He also has a one-night stand with a remarkably muscular female bodybuilder named Lonnie, telling her before sex that he feels "like Mrs. Arnold Schwarzenegger." Perhaps the most memorable scene is shot in total darkness, with Zach wearing a luminous condom as he prepares to have sex with yet another woman he has just met, Amy. When her boyfriend returns similarly equipped, the two men engage in a frantic fight, their glow-in-the-dark attire bouncing crazily across the room. After disrupting his ex-wife\'s wedding day, it finally dawns on Zach just how out of control his drinking habit has become. He sobers up and begins to write again, and wins back Alex\'s love as the film ends.'] ['A corporate conglomerate called "The Ellison Group" acquired four breweries, all of them experiencing financial trouble. Enter Frank Macklin , a young manager hired by Ellison to help reorganize one of the ailing breweries. The only thing, though, was that brewery was a major employer in his home town. Originally, his old friends, who were working at the brewery, gave him a cold welcome, as they thought he would be unable to revitalize the brewery. But when Frank informed them that the brewery was drowning in red ink, and that they may be losing their jobs soon, they welcomed him with open arms, and ramped up the brewery\'s sales and production. The brewery has improved so much, that The Ellison Group decided to sell it to a Texas oil millionaire, who doesn\'t know the first thing about running a brewery—or apparently—running a business. Most of the movie was shot in Dubuque, Iowa and the Dubuque Star Brewery, also some minor scenes were shot in Minneapolis, Minnesota. This movie marks the first film to feature monster trucks. Bob Chandler\'s Bigfoot #1 is seen throughout the movie as Ray\'s pick-up truck. Everett Jasmer\'s USA-1, credited as Thunderin\' Lightning, is the blue truck at the starting line that, in the script, broke down when the race started. Jasmer\'s daily delivery truck was used as the rival truck to Bigfoot, known as Silver Bullet. Both USA-1 and Bigfoot do not look like monster trucks commonly do today, as the 48 inch tires then were the standard "Monster" tire. Bob Chandler is actually seen as the flagman at the beginning of the race, and his family can be seen throughout the picnic sequances. The Dubuque Star Brewery still stands today in the same location. It has been renovated and is now a private bar and grill.'] ["George, a chronic hypochondria, wakes up in the morning after a series of dreams dealing with health issues and takes his daily pills. His wife, Judy, locks herself out of the house when receiving a delivery from the milk man. She made her way in at the side window and makes breakfast. Judy gossips to George about the Bullard’s divorce with many false assumptions about the split. When he experiences chest pains, George goes to the hospital for a checkup and overhears his doctor discussing the diagnosis of a terminally ill patient who had two weeks to live with an associate. He assumes that Dr. Morrissey was talking about him and was distraught. On the train back home he tells his friend, Arnold that he will die soon and decided to not tell Judy knowing it will upset her. At night he dreamed about Judy marring Vito who is only out for their money. Worried about her, he made plans before his death. He visited a funeral home operated by Mr. Adkins to buy a burial plot. There he gets the idea that he should seek a husband for Judy. He asks Arnold to help him find a new husband for his wife so he will know she is taken care of. On a golfing trip Judy's go- cart malfunctions and is saved by her old college beau Bert, now a Texas oil baron. George agreed with Arnold that he will be great for Judy. During the night out, George forces Judy to dance and talk to Bert. When George ran into Linda Bullard, she kissed him thanking him for the conversation. When Judy sees them she walks out, thinking that the only reason he is pushing her to spend time with Bert is to have an affair with Linda. He then tells her that he is dying. Upset, Judy puts George in a wheelchair. When Dr. Morrissey made a visit and tells her that he is fine, she thinks George is lying to get out of his affair. She rolls him out of the house locking him out. The next day Judy left to buy a train ticket. At the train station he tells her that he is dying and had bought a burial plot. Thinking it is another lie she went home to get her bags. When Mr. Akins delivered the burial contracts, she realized that George was telling the truth and forgives him."] ["{{Plot}} Roderick Blank  is a young man with a great job as an executive for 'Swallows', a high end fast food restaurant chain, and a beautiful fiancée, Fiona Wormwood . On the day of his bachelor party, he is e-mailed a list of all the women he has slept with. Strangely, while the list has 101 names, his fiancée is only number 29. He assumes the list is a prank, courtesy of his best friends Zack  and Lester  - until he meets number 30, Carlotta Valdez, who is the stripper at his bachelor party. After sleeping with Carlotta, he realizes that the list includes all his sexual encounters, past, present and future. Roderick cancels his upcoming wedding and begins to bed all the people on the list, including a centrefold's leprosy ridden grandmother, a Swallows drive-thru girl, a flight attendant, a reality TV lesbian power couple and a self-help guru. Although he makes a connection with some of these women, he is unable to settle down until he has crossed all names off the list. His friends become concerned for his mental well being and convince him to bury the list. He falls for Lester's charming and quirky veterinarian , only to learn that she does not return his feelings. After her untimely death, he digs up the list and continues his mission. Throughout all this, a female vigilante, nicknamed Death Nell , has been taking revenge on men who have committed sexual crimes. Death Nell seduces these men and then uses various techniques to induce a permanent coma, leaving behind a line of feminist poetry spray painted on the wall. Roderick learns that his list was generated by a quantum-mechanical computer called the Oracle, and that the agency in charge of the Oracle are also trying to track Death Nell down. Roderick's precarious mental state is compromised when he learns that the last name on his list, Gillian de Raisx, is in fact the notorious Death Nell. With twenty more names left on the list, he decides to abandon it altogether and takes up various hobbies to keep him from giving in to temptation. After an accident during a bike ride, he is found by a group of female students from a Catholic college who believe that he has been sent to deflower them. Roderick is unable to resist and catapults himself from number 82 to number 100 in the space of an afternoon. Knowing that Death Nell is the last person on his list  Roderick tries to change his destiny, first by becoming a shut in, and then by tracking down another Gillian de Raisx in Sydney, Australia. But when he learns that the Agency are close to catching Death Nell, he has a sudden change of heart. Guilt-stricken over his treatment of his previous conquests, he decides to face the consequences. Roderick and Gillian meet in a diner, where they share a meal and conversation. Gillian reveals that she was a Poetry/Chemistry student who married young and was forced to perform degrading sexual favors with her husband, who also physically abused her. After his death, which was inadvertently caused by Gillian, she realized that she could dish out similar punishments to other men who treated women badly. At the end of the conversation, she reveals that she is exhausted from the whole ordeal and unsure if she still has the conviction to continue. Roderick and Gillian agree to take the sedatives together. After spending the night together, they take the pills and fall into bed with 'The End' spray painted on the wall behind them. The epilogue reveals that Roderick and Gillian survived the pills—they married and had a child. Death Nell's comatose victims are revived and a brief scene at the Agency suggests that Roderick and Gillian's union was fated."] ['Val Waxman  is a one-time prestigious film director lately reduced to overseeing cheesy television commercials in order to pay his bills and support his current live-in girlfriend . When he is thrown off his latest effort , he desperately seeks a real movie project. Out of the blue, Val receives an offer to direct a big-budget blockbuster movie to be set in New York City. However, the offer comes from his former wife  and her current boyfriend , the studio head who stole Val\'s wife from him. Pushed by his agent , Val agrees to the project, but a psychosomatic ailment strikes him blind just before production is to begin. The movie plays out with an aging director struggling to regain his vision, both metaphorically and literally. It is easy to envision the movie as a not-so-subtle metaphor for Allen\'s real-life struggles during the 1990s to regain  his early momentum in the film-making milieu. In the end, Val\'s project costs $60 million—and flops. Nevertheless, Val enjoys a "Hollywood ending" of his own—his movie is a hit in France. Winning his wife back, he happily proclaims, "Thank God the French exist."'] ['This is the story of Karan  and Tanya . Karan is in love with Tanya but is too shy to tell her. One day Tanya witnesses the murder of a scientist  by his evil twin brother, the underworld don Mehboob, and as a result is forced to flee the country to save her own life. The scientist had stored a secret code in a stuffed toy, now being sought by Mehboob, and he was able to hide the toy in Tanya\'s car before being killed. Unawares, Tanya leaves the toy at home before fleeing the country, and the toy is later picked up by Karan, who himself is not aware of Tanya\'s predicament. Three years later, still in love with Tanya, but depressed from her sudden and complete disappearance, Karan stumbles across old schoolmates of hers at a cafe, and discovers from them that she had been living in Dubai all this time. Karan coaxes his friend Murugan  to help him track down Tanya in Dubai. They enlist the aid of a local hustler and bounty hunter, Rocky . Rocky travels to Dubai, where his friend Babloo  has already tracked down Tanya, who has morphed into a famous singer/performer named Natasha. Rocky and Babloo stake Natasha\'s villa to make sure they are on the right track, but as soon as Rocky spots Natasha, its love at first sight. While he has Natasha under surveillance, Karan and Murugan arrive at the Dubai airport from India. Faced with a potential competitor to woo Natasha, Rocky attempts to eliminate Karan from the picture. Tanya, he informs Karan, is not the same girl he knew from three years ago, apparently she has been married twice since coming here and both her husbands died one by one and now she has three pairs of twins  and is also dating an underworld don. Karan is heartbroken to hear all this, and decides to go back to Mumbai, and is about to board his flight, when at the last moment, he spots a picture of Tanya  on a club advertisement printed across an airport Taxi. He is overjoyed, and assumes that Rocky made a mistake, and ended up tracking down someone else named Tanya, not being aware that Rocky is in fact trying to deceive him. Things are about to get more complicated, not only has Rocky to contend with Karan, there are two other guys already in her life trying to catch Natasha in their web of deceit. Local plumber, Sanju Malvani  has been currying favor with Natasha by pretending to be a paraplegic on crutches. Every time Natasha meets someone she likes, Sanju eliminates the competitor using a unique trick. He edits and prints out a fake newspaper featuring an article showing that person as a crook, and comes over to Natasha and shares "the news" with her while acting all shocked himself. Then there is Tanya\'s physically disabled live-in friend Tommy , who also has a soft spot for her. Having heard of the death of Tanya\'s disabled brother a year ago, Tommy has since faked being run over in a car accident and now acts like he himself is disabled and mentally challenged, thus managing to stay close to Natasha by seamlessly filling in the void left behind by her deceased brother. The most hilarious sequence of the movie commences at this point, as Rocky begins his attempted seduction of Natasha. Having wired the villa, and thus overheard what Natasha craves in a man, Rocky shows up at the local shopping mall, pretending to be an architect. Natasha, who is shopping at the mall, is ambushed in the parking lot by a bunch of thugs . Rocky intervenes, and after seemingly beating the daylights out of the supposed thugs, introduces himself to Natasha, and proceeds to show-off himself as a charming professional with a heart of gold. Somewhat awed, Natasha offers Rocky an invitation for tea later in the evening, which he accepts. When Rocky arrives at her villa later in the evening, he is confronted by several obstacles, Natasha\'s sister Sweety , the jealous Tommy and the family\'s pet dog. Rocky is easily able to charm Sweety, but has to drug the dog, who dies due to an overdose while the sisters are making Rocky a drink in the kitchen. Crisis is avoided when Rocky is able to revive the dog by electrocution using wiring from a lamp in the living room. The parties then quickly depart to the grand opening of Natasha\'s latest album at a social event, where Rocky now comes face to face with Sanju, who puts Rocky on the spot right away, as he himself is pretending to be an architect! The next day, suspicious of Tommy, Rocky and Babloo track down Tommy at a local disco where, unawares that he is being followed, Tommy shows up every week, for a little fun and dance away from his daily existence as a fake disabled victim. Rocky confronts Tommy while he is on the disco floor and threatens to expose him in front of Natasha. At the end, Rocky lets Tommy go, on the condition that the later will no longer attempt to get in his way of seducing Natasha. Having eliminated Tommy, and with Natasha and company under surveillance, Rocky now intercepts Sanju trying to discredit him at Natasha\'s home. Later, when the shocked Natasha confronts Rocky about him being an alleged imposter, Rocky is able to fast-talk his way out of the situation and convince the gullible Natasha that he is indeed not an architect, but a Captain on a ship, something his dad does not approve of, thus the ruse. The scene now shifts to the harbor, where Rocky, resplendently dressed as an immaculate ship\'s captain, has invited Natasha over for a cruise. While coddling her on the harbor front, Natasha spots Karan and Murugan sitting at the grounds. Unaware that Karan is in Dubai searching for her, she is overjoyed to see an old friend from her past. She introduces Karan to Rocky, not aware that they know each other quite well already! Murugan has to be held back by Karan, as he wants to knock Rocky\'s teeth out, having just realized that all this time Rocky was simply giving them the run-around in order to get his own hands on Natasha/Tanya. Karan seeing Rocky and Natasha/Tanya all smiles and happy, simply wants to leave them alone out of his love for Tanya. He just wants her to be happy, even if it is with Rocky and not himself, much to Murugan\'s frustration. While he tries to leave the scence, pretending that he and Murugan have a flight to catch, Natasha/Tanya convinces Karan to stay one more night in Dubai, and come over for dinner later in the day. In the next sequence of the movie, both Karan and Rocky are shown staging elaborate dance sequences at a club in order to impress Natsha/Tanya. Sanju shows up later at the party, and pulls Natasha aside to reveal his latest newspaper creation, showing Rocky as an international crook and fraudster wanted by many crime agencies the world over. Rocky overhears the conversation and while Natasha is occupied elsewhere, chases Sanju outside in the club parking lot. Sanju, fearing for his life, drops the pretense of being crippled, throws his crutches on the ground, and runs for dear life. Later, Rocky, Sanju and Tommy are seen sitting in a bar nearby, exposing each other as fraudsters and having a drink together, cursing their luck at the emergence of Karan as the new love in Natasha\'a life. The movie ends in a slap-stick sequence when Mehboob shows up looking for Natasha/Tanya with a whole gang of thugs and Karan, Rocky, Tommy and Sanju have to rescue a kidnapped Natasha in a bizarre shoot-out sequence in the middle of the desert featuring motorbikes and go-carts.'] ['Gaylord "Greg" Focker  is a nurse living in Chicago. He intends to propose to his girlfriend Pam Byrnes , but his plan is disrupted when he learns that Pam\'s sister\'s fiance had asked Pam\'s father for permission before proposing. Greg and Pam travel to Pam\'s parents\' house to attend Pam\'s sister\'s wedding. Greg hopes to propose to Pam in front of her family after receiving her father\'s permission. But this plan is put on hold when the airline loses his luggage, including the engagement ring. At the Byrnes\' home, Greg meets Pam\'s father Jack , mother Dina  and their beloved cat Mr. Jinx. Jack takes an instant dislike to Greg and openly criticizes him for his choice of career as a male nurse and whatever else he sees as a difference between Greg and the Byrnes family. Greg tries to impress Jack, but his efforts fail. Greg becomes even more uncomfortable after he receives an impromptu lie detector test from Jack and later learns from Pam that her father is a retired CIA counterintelligence officer. Meeting the rest of Pam\'s family and friends, Greg still feels like an outsider. Despite efforts to impress the family, Greg\'s inadvertent actions make him an easy target for ridicule and anger: He accidentally gives Pam\'s sister a black eye during a volleyball mishap; uses a malfunctioning toilet that floods the Byrnes\' back yard with sewage; sets the wedding altar on fire and inadvertently leads Jack to think he is a marijuana user. Later, Greg loses Jinx and replaces him with a stray whose tail he spray paints to make him look like Mr. Jinx. By now, the entire Byrnes family, including Pam, agrees that it is best for Greg to leave. Unwillingly, Greg goes to the airport where he is detained by airport security. Back at the Byrnes household, Jack tries to convince his wife and Pam that Greg would be an unsuitable husband. Upon receiving retribution from both his wife and Pam, Jack realizes that Pam truly loves Greg. Jack rushes to the airport, convinces airport security to release Greg and brings him back to the Byrnes household. Greg proposes to Pam. She accepts, and her parents agree that they should now meet Greg\'s parents. After Debbie\'s wedding, Jack views footage of Greg recorded by hidden cameras that he had placed strategically around their house.'] ['Elvis Presley plays Ross Carpenter, a Hawaiian fishing guide and sailor who enjoys boating and sailing out on the sea. When he finds out his boss is retiring to Arizona, he seeks to find a way to buy the Westwind, a boat that he built with his father. Ross is caught in a love triangle with two women: childish, insensitive club singer Robin , and sweet Laurel . When Wesley Johnson  makes advances on Laurel, Ross punches him out. Wesley owns the boat, so Ross thereby loses it. Laurel, however, is not who she pretends to be. Ross has to choose between her and Robin.'] ["A chorus girl is given top billing in a broke producer's show after rumours link her with a millionaire, played by David Niven, in Scotland."] ['Hayworth stars as the Muse Terpsichore who is annoyed that popular Broadway producer Danny Miller  is putting on a play which portrays the Muses as man-crazy tarts fighting for the attention of a pair of Air Force pilots who crashed on Mount Parnassus . She asks permission from Mr. Jordan to go to Earth and fix the play. Jordan agrees and sends Messenger 7013  to keep an eye on her. Terpsichore uses the name Kitty Pendleton and quickly gets an agent, Max Corkle , and a part in the show. As the play is being rehearsed, Kitty takes every chance she gets to tell Danny that his depictions of the Muses are wrong. Danny, who has fallen madly in love with Kitty, is soon persuaded to her point of view and alters the play from a musical farce to a high-minded ballet in the style of Martha Graham. The revised play debuts on the road and is a complete flop. Danny, who is in debt to gangsters who will kill him if the show isn\'t a success, has no choice but to go back to his original concept. He and Kitty quarrel over this, and Kitty is ready to leave when Mr. Jordan shows up and explains the whole situation. Despite her argument with Danny, Kitty still loves him and decides to save him even if it means damaging her and her sisters\' reputation. Max Corkle hears Kitty talking to Mr. Jordan and realizes this is the same heavenly messenger he had heard about in Here Comes Mr. Jordan.  Kitty returns to the musical and performs "Swingin\' the Muses" the way the producer had intended. When the musical becomes a hit, Terpsichore learns her time on Earth is up and she must return to heaven. After getting Corkle to tell the police about the gangsters, she says she wants to stay with Danny - but she is now invisible to mortals. Mr. Jordan says that she will see Danny again and grants her a vision of their eventual reunion in the afterlife.'] ['An older man, played by Paul Dooley, tries romancing a younger woman, played by Marta Heflin. She is part of a travelling band of bohemian musicians who perform gigs in outdoor arenas around the country. He joins them on the road and tries to fit into their communal lifestyle. The film features multiple musical numbers.'] ['The story centers around yoga master Singh  who wants to go in search of Indian Beauty . On his way, he meets Tally , a beautiful female gangster head. Because she doesn\'t want the Indian Beauty to have a good husband, Tally tried her best to make Singh a bad person. In the meantime, Uncle Panic  and his two nephews  arrive in India for a tour. There, they meet up with a con man . While they were having tea, they met an Indian man selling "Mysterious Water". The Indian man sprays some of the liquid onto Ng and Panic\'s nephews, which causes amnesia. Panic goes to a hotel and meets an illusion of Indian Beauty  whom he saves from drowning in the hotel\'s pool. They become lovers, but only for a short while because Panic is being hypnotised. When he awakes, he continues to search for the illusion. Meanwhile, Singh manages to become a bad person, to Tally\'s dismay. Tally has fallen in love with him, so she tries her very best to make him a good person again. The attempt succeeds when Tally and Singh drink a bottle of "Mysterious Water" which causes amnesia. However, the two become best friends. Panic, on the other hand, is being poisoned by a two-headed snake that caused him to be able to perform impressive yoga asanas. Indian Beauty has fallen in love with Panic and wishes to marry him. Until that fateful day, the father of Indian Beauty declares that the contest of marrying his daughter to the best yoga master begins. Panic was able to see his nephews and Ng again in the contest and reunites with them. Singh along with Ng and Panic were the finalists of the contest. They were to meditate and find out the true meaning of life. Singh passed the test and became the Brahma\'s assistant. Ng and Panic failed the test and decided to go back to where they came from. Meanwhile, Panic\'s nephews was on a tour bus and shouted out to Ng and Panic to go on board quickly. Indian Beauty sees the chance to escape her father and ran away with her lover Panic. Tally found out that Singh\'s spirit has gone to be with the Brahma and blamed him for his irresponsibility . Singh is now in the Brahma\'s palace and continue answer the prayers of the people for the Brahma. Unfortunately, the Brahma awoken from his \'dream\' and everything vanished. The movie ends with the start of the Stone Age where everyone struggles to survive so as to avoid extinction.'] ["Bishop Henry Brougham  prays for divine guidance with the troubled building of a new cathedral. His plea is seemingly answered by a suave angel named Dudley , who reveals his identity initially only to the clergyman. However, Dudley's mission is not to help with the construction of the cathedral. He is there to guide Henry and the people around him. Henry has become obsessed with the building to the detriment of his duties and marriage to his neglected, unhappy wife, Julia . Everyone, except for Henry, is charmed by the newcomer, even the non-religious Professor Wutheridge . Dudley persuades the wealthy parishioners, particularly Mrs. Hamilton , to contribute the needed funds, but not to build the cathedral. He helps Mrs. Hamilton decide to give her money to feed and clothe the needy—much to Henry's chagrin. He also redecorates the Broghams' Christmas tree in two seconds, saves an old church by restoring interest in the boys' choir, and arranges for the typewriter to automatically type Henry's new sermon - which Dudley dictates without Henry's knowledge. When Dudley spends time cheering up Julia, there is an unexpected development: Dudley finds himself strongly attracted to her. Sensing this, Henry becomes jealous and anxious for his unwelcome guest to finish and depart. Eventually, he stands up to the angel. With his mission completed and knowing that Julia loves her husband, Dudley leaves, promising never to return. All memory of him is erased, and on Christmas Eve at midnight, Henry delivers the sermon that he believes he has written."] ['{{Plot}} Jazmin Biltmore is a smart-mouthed, frustrated, plus-sized, aspiring fashion designer and department store employee who is obsessed with her weight. Jazmin has always been overweight, unlike her skinny, popular cousin Mia. Jazmin wins a trip to Palm Springs for the weekend at a posh five-star resort. She and best friend Stacy find the first day at the spa embarrassing, as hotel robes don\'t fit, and the massage table is quite small for their curvaceous figures. They leave in frustration to join Mia, who has been ogling a Nigerian man swimming in the pool. He introduces himself as Tunde, but Jazmin is enraptured, too distracted to remember her own name. He and his friends find Jazmin and Stacy beautiful. However, they think Mia is so skinny that they wonder if she is sick. They invite the women out, with Tunde saying he has never seen such beautiful women in America. The three women go with the men to a traditional Nigerian party, where Mia is told she needs to eat more. She storms out in anger because everyone there embraces "big and beautiful". Jazmin\'s infatuation with Tunde continues, while reserved Stacy is hit on by Tunde\'s friend Akibo. Pretty soon, they are much in carnal lust. Mia is frustrated because her cousin and her friend have both snagged rich Nigerian doctors and she is lonely. Tunde treats Jazmin with the utmost respect, to the point she is afraid that he is not showing sexual interest. He tells her she is beautiful and should not change herself to please other people, other than cutting down on profanity because she is too classy for that. She says she will eventually get down to a size 5, but he comments that with her body structure, she can never be that small. He lets her know that in Nigeria, her shape, called "thick madame", is equated with wealth and highly respected. She attempts to embrace these concepts by pampering herself at the spa, even indulging in cookies. That night, she goes down to dinner by herself since Tunde is busy with a meeting. After heartily preparing her all-you-can-eat buffet meal, she walks into the dining room to see Tunde sitting with a thin blond woman. She confronts him about cheating on her. But he asks why she gets angry so easily, informing her that the blond woman is actually the president of the medical corporation that he had told her about. She is embarrassed and runs out. She has the girls leave the hotel and goes back home to her dull life as a saleswoman. She goes through a crisis, soon has a breakdown, and throws away her diet pills, size 5 clothing and spring-cleans her room. Jazmin finally accepts what Tunde told her about loving herself and embraces her body. Although Jazmin is a talented designer, and the store\'s clothing line for plus-sized women is disappointing, her manager has repeatedly said that her designs are too amateur for the store buyer to be interested. Three large women enter and demand assistance in finding the clothing Jazmin is wearing. She sideswipes her manager and approaches the buyer, Robert, who compliments her dress. She is proud to point out that it is her own design. Robert is very pleased and leads her away for further discussion. Jazmin\'s career blossoms from a section in the store to a store of her own, and finally her Thick Madame clothing line goes nationwide. She holds a fashion show with plus-sized models, including the now more-confident Stacy. One year later, she to travels to Nigeria to apologize to the man she realizes she loves. A woman opens the door holding a baby. Jazmin asks if she is Tunde\'s wife, and the woman agrees. Jazmin has the girls go to the taxi because she does not like to be rejected with an audience. She tells Tunde that he has changed her life, but she won\'t "be a homewrecker". Tunde clarifies that the woman is a maid, he delivered the baby, and the maid doesn\'t understand English. He says his prayers have been answered, as he has loved Jazmin all along. They kiss, and he promises to handle "all of her". Mia and Stacy also reunite with their partners, and they join Tunde\'s family for dinner. Mia piles food on her plate, stating that she wants to bulk up so she can find a rich Nigerian doctor as well. The film ends with Jazmin and Tunde in bed, while Jazmin insists on having the lights on.'] ['It is the story of a famous filmmaker Sandy Bates , who is plagued by fans who prefer his "earlier, funnier movies" to his more recent artistic efforts, while he tries to reconcile his conflicting attraction to two very different women: the earnest, intellectual Daisy , and the more maternal Isobel . Meanwhile, he is also haunted by memories of his ex-girlfriend, the mercurial Dorrie .'] ['Fourplay follows the romantically entwined lives of a TV writer, producer, actress and makeup artist. Ben Greene  is an American comic writer who comes to Britain to write for a show, "Telford Gate". The star of the show, Carly Matthews-Portland  is married to the producer, Allan . Carly decides to help Greene, by setting him up on a date with a French makeup artist, Fiona Delgrazia . As the movie progresses, the lives of the couples get more entwined and they each decide if they are in the right relationship or not.'] ["Raj Khanna , Pooja Sahani  and Tina Kapoor  are childhood friends. While Raj has always been attracted to the vivacious Tina, he is completely unaware of the quiet Pooja's love for him. Raj's father  decides to move to England with his family to take up a new job, so Raj has to go away from his friends. He makes Tina promise to write to him via e-mail. But Tina soon becomes occupied with other things, so it's the loyal Pooja who writes to Raj; but she always signs with Tina's name to help Tina keep her promise. Raj and Pooja have many things in common, and their e-mails bring them very close to each other. A decade and a half later, Raj returns to India for a short vacation. By now, he's in love with the girl he has been writing to, and believes he can recognise her at first sight. When the three of them finally meet, Raj, to Pooja's disappointment, completely ignores her and is besotted with Tina, who is as vivacious as ever. However, during the two weeks of his vacation, he cannot help but notice that the real Tina is completely different compared to the Tina he knew from the e-mails. He also starts to like Pooja, without realising she is the one he is really in love with.  He returns to London, where Pooja coincidentally arrives for an interview, and there he discovers that it was Pooja who wrote all the letters. They confess their love for each other and decide to get married, but fate plays an unexpected trick on them. Back in India, Tina's father  has died, leaving Tina all alone in the world. By now, she is in love with Raj as well. Pooja now refuses to marry Raj, since she does not want to break Tina's heart. Raj is the only one Tina has left now. Raj's parents also agree to the marriage, but Raj wants to tell them that he really loves Pooja. Pooja however, still refuses to marry Raj and so he angrily vows to her that he will only marry Tina if Pooja marries someone else on the same day. Enter a friend of Raj, Rohan Verma . Rohan is greatly attracted to Pooja and the families are all for the match. Pooja bows to the inevitable and agrees to marry Rohan on the same day as Raj and Tina. That way, she hopes to satisfy Raj's condition and ensure Tina's happiness. Rohan realises something is wrong and that Pooja does not love him, but keeps up the charade nevertheless. On the day of the marriage, Tina realises that Raj is really in love with Pooja, so she gives him up and finally Pooja and Raj get married."] ['A Chicago newspaper reporter, Ernie Souchak , is investigating a corrupt city councilman. After doing an expose on some corrupt land dealings by the councilman, he is assaulted by two crooked police officers sent by the councilman and ends up in the hospital. Souchak\'s editor decides to send him out of town for his own safety. A city boy, Souchak reluctantly travels to the Rockies to interview the reclusive Dr. Nell Porter , who has been conducting research on bald eagles for several years. The two are at odds at first. After finding out he is a reporter, she is reluctant to let him stay, but realizes he is not able to survive in the mountains without his guide, who is not scheduled to return for two weeks. He is skeptical about her work, but comes to admire Porter for her strong character and dedication. Eventually, they fall in love. At first she lets him stay as long as he doesn\'t write his story. As they learn to respect each other, she agrees to let him write about her. In his adventures, he sprains his back in an accident, is mauled by a mountain lion and meets an All-American football player who has left civilization and become a mountain man. Souchak returns to Chicago with her still very much on his mind. When he finds out that one of his sources has been "accidentally" killed, he once again pursues the investigation until the day the councilman flees the country. The same day, Souchak finds out that Porter is coming to Chicago to do a presentation at a symposium. With some uncertainly, Souchak decides to attend the presentation. They rekindle their relationship. Happy as they are together, they cannot reconcile the different paths each has taken in life, and so they reluctantly decide to part again. Souchak, seeing her off on the train, ends up traveling with her all the way back to Wyoming. After getting off at her stop, they decide that they cannot do without each other, and decide to marry. The movie ends with him catching the train back to Chicago, and the newlyweds promising to meet again very soon.'] ["When Katharine  throws a party on Halloween, a psychic called Arnita  predicts that one of the three couples present at the party will break up by the end of the year. The guests don't take her seriously. Arnita doesn't tell them that she can see a fourth couple at the party, the long dead Mae  and Edward . As days go by, Katharine grows increasingly jealous of her lover Rick , and his flirting with her neighbor Sandra . Sandra is married to Paul . Marta  and Billy  are rock musicians who live in the same building as Katharine."] ["Janie Barlow  is a young dancer who is reduced to stripping in a burlesque show. Arrested for indecent exposure, she's bailed out by millionaire playboy Tod Newton , who was attracted to her while slumming at the theatre with his society pals. When she tries to get a part in a Broadway musical, Tod intercedes with director Patch Gallagher  to get her the job: he'll put his money into the show, if Janie is given a part in the chorus. Even though he needs the money, Patch is resistant, until he sees Janie dance and realizes her talent. When, after hard work and perseverance, Janie is elevated to the star's part &ndash; replacing Vivian Warner  &ndash; Tod is afraid he'll lose any chance of gaining her affection if she becomes a star, so he closes the show, and Janie, out of work, goes away with him. Patch starts rehearsals up again using his own money, and when Janie returns and finds out the Tod has deceived her and manipulated things behind the scenes, she dumps him and joins up with her new sweetheart, Patch, to put on the show, which is a smash hit."] ["Recently widowed Michelle O'Brien moves into a Greenwich Village brownstone with her infant son John Thomas. Her neighbor, Harley Rummel, a bohemian who earns a living by making nudie films in his apartment, becomes interested in her, but Michele believes her boss, wealthy psychologist Peter Brock, is a better prospect as a new mate. Although he is an authority on children, Peter actually despises them, so Michelle decides to keep John Thomas a secret for the time being. Unbeknownst to her, Harley is using the baby in his movies. When John Thomas is admitted to Peter's clinic for observation, Harley sneaks into his room to complete a film, but his surreptitious activities are captured by a hidden camera recording the baby's behavior. Michelle is furious but, when he saves John Thomas from a potentially dangerous situation, she forgives Harley and decides he may be the better choice for a father after all."] [' Dennis Doyle  is about to marry Libby , his pregnant fiancée. However, he gets cold feet and runs away on the day of the wedding. Five years later, Dennis discovers that Libby, who has their son, Jake, has started seeing high-flying go-getter Whit  and realizes what he has lost. He finds out that Whit is running the Nike River Marathon in London, and to prove himself to his doubting friends and, most importantly, Libby and his son, he decides to run the race himself. He receives motivation from his two "coaches", Gordon , Libby\'s cousin and Dennis\' best friend who has made a hefty bet on Dennis succeeding, and Mr. Ghoshdastidar  his landlord, who uses unorthodox methods of training, such as using a spatula to spank him. Days before the race, Whit proposes to Libby at her birthday party. Libby accepts and this puts Dennis in a state of depression. Meanwhile, Jake, who has formed a crush on a girl in his class, runs away angry when he discovers that she prefers another boy just because he has a ponytail. Dennis, upon being informed by a frightened Libby, tracks him down and explains to him that he will find many things he does not like in his life and he should just stand up to them and face them, rather than running away. Having made that mistake himself, he decides to race after all. Dennis starts the race alongside Whit, who informs Dennis that he intends to move Libby and Jake to Chicago, Illinois. Angered, Dennis insults Whit and they tussle for a while at the start of the race and, in their efforts to out-do each other, they catch up to and then overtake the professional runners, and suddenly Whit trips Dennis and badly injures him. Stretchers prepare to take Dennis to the hospital. Whit continues, but is taken to the hospital after feeling ill and feeling pain in his leg. Libby goes to the hospital to find Dennis, but only finds Whit, who claims loudly that his injuries are the result of Dennis deliberately tripping him. The doctor tells him he is not actually injured and has only "hit the wall". Whit, in a fit of anger, calls Jake a "little shit" because Jake played with Whit\'s hospital bed, to Libby\'s horror. Dennis has in fact refused to be transported to the hospital or even get medical attention and is continuing the race well into the afternoon and evening with a sprained ankle, accompanied by a growing group of supporters, including Gordon and Mr. Ghoshdastidar. An exhausted Dennis almost "hits the wall" but after an emotional inner struggle, his resolve to complete the race is restored. Later at Whit\'s house, Libby, Jake and Whit, watch a television replay of the Whit/Dennis tussle, as the replay shows that in fact Whit had deliberately tripped Dennis up and had fallen over because he had gotten tangled up with Dennis as he was falling. As Whit tries to justify his behavior, he blurts out his intentions to have Libby and Jake move to Chicago with him. A furious Libby puts the engagement ring on a table, telling Whit "nobody\'s perfect" and storms out with Jake. The two go to meet Dennis as he arrives at the finish line. Dennis falls over just metres from the finish line and cannot get up until he sees Libby and Jake calling to him at which point he gets up, sprints to the finish and collapses in their arms. Some time later, notably slimmer and no longer limping, Dennis calls at Libby\'s house to pick up Jake. He says that he has something to ask her, but is interrupted by Jake, and says he\'ll talk to her later. However, just after she shuts the door, he knocks again and asks her on a date. She accepts. In the film\'s postscript, Gordon &mdash; on the bridge of a new yacht &mdash; tells the tale of the race to two attractive bikini-clad women, whom he invites aboard for a drink. The camera then pans to reveal to the audience that he\'s naked below the waist.'] ["Lanie Kerrigan , a successful reporter for a Seattle television station interviews a self-proclaimed prophet, Jack , to find out if he really can predict football scores. Instead, Prophet Jack not only predicts the football score, and that it would hail the next day, but also that she would die in seven days, meaning the following Thursday. When his first two prophecies turn out to be correct, Kerrigan panics and again meets with Jack, asking him for another prophecy so that she can prove it wrong, which would imply uncertainty of her death. Jack tells her that there will be a relatively significant earthquake in San Francisco at 9:06 am; she hopes that it will be wrong but again it also becomes reality. Now Lanie becomes sure of her upcoming death and is forced to reevaluate her life. The remainder of the storyline, which runs for the week of the prophecy, revolves around her attempts at introspection. She seeks consolation in her famous baseball player boyfriend Cal Cooper , and in her family, but finds little there. Her lifelong ambition, that of appearing on network television, begins to look like a distant dream. In her desperation, she commits professional blunders, but ends up finding support in an unlikely source: her archenemy, the cameraman Pete Scanlon , with whom she once had casual sex; he introduces her to a new approach to life. Pete tells her to live every moment of her life and to do whatever she always wanted to do. Lanie implements Pete's advice; she moves in with Pete for a day, he introduces her to his son Tommy  who lives with his mother who had separated with Pete, and they spend a whole day together with Tommy; that night they sleep together for the second time. The next day Lanie receives an opportunity for a job she always dreamed of in New York; she asks Pete to come with her, but he declines and tells her that her appetite for success and fame will never end. Lanie sadly leaves for New York. Pete meets Jack and tells him how wrong he is, as Lanie got the job which Jack foretold she would not get. But Jack explains that he was right as Lanie will never be able to get the job as she'll die before it begins; he again gives a prophecy of a death of a famous former baseball player in a plane crash. Pete receives the news of the death of the baseball player as foretold by Jack, and tries to call Lanie to warn her. When he cannot reach her, he also flies to New York. Lanie, unconcerned with Jack's prophecy, interviews her idol, famous media personality Deborah Connors , which receives huge television ratings. Lanie is offered a better opportunity but she declines as now she knows what is worthwhile in her life—she goes to Pete in Seattle. Outside in the street a police officer gets into a conflict with a man, who shoots a bullet into the air. Pete tries to warn Lanie across the street, but she is shot in the crossfire. Luckily, Lanie survives, and Pete tells her in the hospital that he has loved her since the first time he saw her; Lanie says she loves him, too. Later, Pete, Lanie and Tommy watch Cal's baseball game, where Lanie  says that one part of her has died—the part which didn't know how to live a life."] ['Kalidasan ([[Lal  works in the state archaeological department in Thiruvananthapuram  and is a food lover. His only companion is his cook, Babu ([[Baburaj . Manu Raghav  is Kalidasan\'s nephew who comes to stay with him, while looking for a job. Kalidasan has a normal life until he gets a mis-dialled phone call from Maya , a dubbing artiste living with her friend Meenakshi . Maya rings to order a special Dosa  from a restaurant, but gets Kalidasan instead. Their conversations do not go well at first, but a long-distance romance develops due to their common interest—cooking and food. Kalidasan is a born gourmet while Maya is indulging in culinary activities in memory of her dead mother. Kalidasan starts to let Maya into the secrets of baking with a multi-layered cake called "Joan\'s Rainbow". Kalidasan and Maya both get the jitters before their first face-to-face meeting, as each becomes conscious of their own physical appearances, and both decide to send younger and better looking substitutes instead, Manu and Meenakshi. When they meet, neither Manu nor Meenkashi realise that the other person is a substitute, since they introduce themselves as Kalidasan and Maya respectively. Manu thinks that Kalidasan is actually in love with Meenakshi, while Meenakshi thinks that Maya is in love with Manu. They attempt to sabotage their older counterpart\'s relationship by telling Kalidasan and Maya respectively that the person they met would be unsuitable for them. Kalidasan and Maya try to forget each other, but fail, and they decide to call each other and meet anyway. Manu and Meenakshi, who by this time had started to develop feelings for each other, are dejected upon hearing this and decide to leave the city so that their older counterpart may have a good relationship. However, they discover the truth and each others\' real identities during a chance encounter with a common acquaintance Pooja  at the railway station. Thus Manu and Meenakshi calls Kalidasan and Maya respectively and narrate all the incidents unknown to them. Kalidasan and Maya meet each other and their relationship begins.'] ['In the summer of 1963, Jeffrey Willis  is hired on at upscale Long Island beach resort, The Flamingo. Jeffrey is a kid from a middle class Brooklyn family and his father  does not approve of him working at the private club. His hero and mentor at the resort is the reigning Gin rummy card game champ, Phil Brody .Blank, Ed. Traditional values put to the test in an effective \'Flamingo Kid\', Pittsburgh Press, December 28, 1984 Jeffrey, a winning Gin Rummy player himself, and his friends, admire Brody and how his wins at the Gin rummy table make him seem "psychic," knowing which cards to give up. Brody also takes a liking to Jeffrey, eventually showing him his car business, and gives him hopes that car sales are where he belongs as a career. Jeffrey gets further immersed in the "easy buck," defying his father\'s guidance. During dinner, Jeffrey notably says he "will not be needing college" and plans to pursue being a car salesman instead. Jeffrey and his co-workers at The Flamingo also venture to Yonkers Raceway together, risking cash on a horse tip but come up short when the trotter breaks stride. Eventually, Brody reveals to Jeffrey that the job opening at the car dealership is for a stock boy, not as a salesman as Jeffrey had been led to believe was his when he asked for it. Brody encourages Jeffrey to take the stock boy position so he can work his way up. Near Summer\'s end, Jeffrey observes that a regular onlooker, "Big Sid", is feeding signals to Brody, the true cause of Brody\'s winning ways. When Big Sid and a member of the gin team playing against Brody\'s team are overcome by the heat, Jeffrey fills in, opposing Brody, and seeking to help win back the unfair profits Brody won from his friends over the course of the Summer. Jeffrey and his team eventually win back what was unfairly lost, including a good profit besides. Realizing the mistakes he made in rejecting his father\'s good advice, Jeffrey makes up with his dad in a touching scene at Larry\'s Fish House , where his family is dining.'] ["An unassuming pet photographer named Bryan  is thrown into serious action, adventure and romance when he's forced to marry Croatian bride Masha  to pay a debt to her criminal parents against his will. Masha's father marries her to Bryan to get her a green card, under the condition that Bryan can not touch her. Off to spend his honeymoon at a remote tropical resort, Masha's family friend Brick , who is in love with Masha , follows her and Bryan. After Masha catches Bryan dancing with a hotel waitress, she storms off as it is hinted she hates womanizers. Feeling bad, the waitress Lani  suggests Bryan take Masha on a romantic outing to a secret beach encased by a tropical rainforest to make it up to Bryan and Masha. While teasing Bryan at the secret cove, Masha flees into the rainforest and is kidnapped. While searching for Masha back at the hotel, unaware she has been kidnapped, Bryan finds that his psychotic assistant who is in love with him, Tonya , has tracked him down to the resort, bringing condoms, and tries to have sex with Bryan. After Bryan says informs her that he does not want to have sex with her, Tonya agrees to help find Masha, but tells him that she will one day force him to have sex with her, after trying to have sex with him one more time. After receiving a call from Masha's kidnappers demanding a ransom, Bryan asks Lani to help. While Bryan, Lani, and Tonya are making plans, Brick storms in and Lani and Tonya escape off the balcony, leaving Bryan to face Brick's wrath. When Brick finds a condom Tonya had brought on the unmade, wrecked bed, he infers Bryan was attempting to take Masha's virginity and hits him. Bryan barely escapes while Brick calls Masha's father back in America and informs him of Masha's kidnapping, making it sound as if Bryan had been the kidnapper. Meanwhile, the kidnappers turn out to be two American agents from earlier in the film. Back at the resort, when Brick tells Masha's father Vadik  about the condom and Bryan's supposed attempt to have sex with Masha, Vadik is enraged and begins to pack to fly to the island. Lani calls her cousin Ernesto  to help find Masha with his helicopter. Brick tries to shoot them but the entourage makes a hasty escape in Ernesto's helicopter, which crashes by a fishing village. Deciding to rest on a beach at the edge of the village, Ernesto and Tonya kiss passionately, unconcerned of Masha's dire condition, and Lani and Bryan storm off in anger. Alone, Ernesto and Tonya almost have sex in a boat in the grass, but Brick soon shows up and knocks them out, revealing that Brick is in on the kidnapping. Separated, Lani and Bryan obliviously go in separate directions. Masha escapes her prison in a surfboard shack and finds Bryan, who is crazily driving a Jeep stolen from Brick after he tried to kill Bryan. Bryan and Masha crash the Jeep, which erupts into flames, and make an escape on foot. Finding a canoe on a river, they outrun the three culprits and find a friendly welcoming old-time village. After eating a huge dinner and dancing and having fun, Masha and Bryan have sex for the first time. The next morning, they awake to a cheering village, but during breakfast the two agents and Brick find the village the next morning. Brick and the lovers battle on a steep ocean cliff. Just as Brick is ready to kill Bryan, Lani and Ernesto show up in the helicopter, catching Brick off guard. Masha, using the distraction, shoots Brick in the back and he falls off the cliff, taking Bryan with him. Masha is in shock, terrified with the thought that she killed Bryan too. Bryan appears in the waves, unharmed, and they are reunited with Masha's family back in America. Vadik gives Bryan his blessing to marry Masha for real, but he denies despite his feelings for her. Masha, heartbroken, continues her old life taking dance lessons. One night after her lessons, she finds Bryan outside ready to propose to her as he changed his mind. As the crowd around them applauds, the film ends with the camera panning away from the couple as they kiss. 'You May Not Kiss the Bride' Official Facebook Page"] ['{{Cleanup-rewrite}} Amanda Pierce , a New York paintings conservator working at The Met, has very bad judgment in men which is proven when she walks in on her boyfriend cheating on her with a supermodel. Amanda begins looking for a new apartment and finds one with four struggling models, Jade , Roxana , Candi , and Holly . When Amanda discovers that Jim Winston , the guy she likes, lives in the apartment across from hers she starts spying on him to try to find his flaw. One night Amanda sees Jim kill a woman, Megan O\'Brien , and by the time the police arrive they don\'t believe Amanda because she is the only witness, and the evidence is gone. Annoyed about the police\'s lack of effort to find out what has really happened, Amanda and her new friends investigate on their own. When Amanda finds out about what she thinks is Jim\'s involvement with Megan\'s death, she confronts him. Amanda\'s judgment turns out to be wrong and Jim\'s (who turns out to be undercover cop, Bob Smoot, who was trying to gain Halloran\'s  cover is blown. Amanda discovers that Jim is investigating Halloran, a Russian man who has been smuggling in money and who Amanda has been privately restoring a painting for. Later, Jim, Amanda and her roommates get captured but later escape when Roxana seduces their Russian guard and with the help of the models realize what Halloran was really doing, smuggling diamonds. Amanda, Jim , and the models go to a fashion runway and take down Strukov. They are all awarded special commendations for meritorious service from the FBI. After the cops take care of things Jim asks Amanda if they can start over, but she refuses and Jim leaves. At the end Amanda and Jim  "meet" again and the movie ends when Bob takes Amanda up to his new apartment and shows her the view, which turns out to be of Amanda and the models\' apartment. Lisa and the models are jumping around happily while Bob and Amanda laugh. They kiss and close the curtains to his apartment window.'] ['Ben Jordan  and his wife Katie  have been married for fifteen years; they have two children, Erin  and Josh , a nice home and a comfortable life. Their happy marriage, however, turns into a sham — a performance they deliver daily for the benefit of their children, while behind the scenes they cannot stand each other anymore. Sending their kids off to summer camp, Ben and Katie commence a trial separation, during which both try and remember what it is about the other that caused them to fall in love in the first place.'] ['Millie McGonigle , is riding a bus to work when the frustrated driver, Doug Andrews , stops the vehicle and quits. As the assistant personnel director of a large department store, Millie is impressed by his independence and hands him her card. The next day, Millie learns that Tommy Bassett , a young boy she knows and likes very much, has lost his mother in a traffic accident. With his father already killed in World War II, Tommy is sent to a foundling home. An orphan herself, Millie quickly decides to adopt him, but learns from Ralph Galloway , the head of the place, that she has to be married to have a chance. Desperate, she invents a fiancé on the spot , but Ralph insists on interviewing her phantom boyfriend within 60 days. When Doug shows up looking for a job, Millie considers him very suitable husband material  and accepts an invitation to a date. However, as an unpublished author, Doug senses that there is something odd going on. He finally gets her to confess what she is trying to do. Doug quickly lets her know that he is a confirmed bachelor; however, he is willing to help the no-nonsense businesswoman land a spouse. They decide to target an unsuspecting Ralph. Doug\'s lessons prove highly effective. Both the staid, respectable Ralph and the much more dashing Phil Gowan , Millie\'s neighbor, fall in love with her. By this time though, Millie has lost her heart to Doug. After Doug learns that his book is going to be published, he quits his job at the department store and prepares to go to New York to work with the publisher. Then a couple takes an interest in adopting Tommy. Ralph informs a distraught Millie that her 60 days are up, gets her to admit there is no fiancé, and asks her to marry him. Instead, she accepts Phil\'s proposal. When she informs Doug, he advises her to never tell her future husband why she is marrying him, because "A man likes to think he\'s loved for himself alone." Millie finds she cannot go through with the marriage. She makes an agonizing choice; she decides to chase after Doug rather than keep on fighting for Tommy. When she goes to see Tommy for the last time, Ralph informs her that the boy had been taken an hour before. Heartbroken, she returns to her lonely apartment, only to find Doug there. She kisses him repeatedly, confessing that she loves him even more than Tommy. He is unmoved, brusquely ordering her to go wipe the smudged lipstick from her face. When the bewildered woman goes to comply, she finds Tommy sleeping on her bed.'] ['Holden McNeil  and Banky Edwards ([[Jason Lee  are comic book artists and lifelong friends. Holden is the calmer, more reasonable of the duo; Banky, meanwhile, is the caustic and short-tempered half. Everything is going well for them until they meet Alyssa Jones  at a comic book convention in New York where they are promoting their comic Bluntman and Chronic. Holden is attracted to Alyssa, but soon learns that she is attracted to women. The two begin hanging out, and a deep friendship develops. Eventually, Holden is no longer able to contain his feelings, and confesses his love to Alyssa. She is initially angry with him, but that night, the two begin a romantic relationship. This new development worsens the tension between Holden and Banky, who dislikes and distrusts Alyssa and is bothered by her and Holden\'s relationship. Banky investigates and uncovers dirt on Alyssa\'s past, and he reports to Holden that Alyssa participated in a threesome with two guys during high school, which gave her the nickname "Finger Cuffs". Holden is deeply disturbed by this revelation, having believed that he is the first man Alyssa had ever slept with. He angrily confronts Alyssa while attending a hockey game, after he clumsily attempts baiting her into confessing. During a tearful argument, she tells Holden about her "many" youthful sexual experimentations. She apologizes for letting him believe that he was the only man she had been with. However, she refuses to apologize for her past, and Holden leaves feeling angry and confused. Later, during lunch with Jay and Silent Bob , Silent Bob reveals that he was once in a relationship similar to Holden\'s. Despite the fact that he was in love with his girlfriend, Amy, his insecurities about her adventurous sexual past caused him to sabotage the relationship and leave her. Angry at himself for letting her go, he has "spent every day since then chasing Amy, so to speak." Inspired by Silent Bob\'s story, Holden devises a plan to fix both his relationship with Alyssa and his fractured friendship with Banky. He invites them both over and tells Alyssa that he would like to get over her past and remain her boyfriend. He also tells Banky that he realizes that Banky is in love with him—kissing him passionately to prove the point. Holden suggests a threesome. Though initially appalled, Banky agrees to participate, whereas Alyssa explains to Holden that it will not save their relationship. Before leaving, she states that she loves him, but she will not be his whore. Banky also leaves the apartment, and summarily ends their friendship. One year later, both Banky and Holden are busy promoting their own respective comics at a convention in New York. It is revealed that Holden has dissolved their partnership over Bluntman and Chronic, leaving the viewer with the assumption that he sold the publishing and creative rights over to Banky . Banky smiles sadly at seeing his old friend, who silently congratulates him for his success. Banky gestures over to a booth hosted by Alyssa, and provides wordless encouragement to Holden to go talk to her. He has a brief, quietly emotional conversation with Alyssa, and gives her a copy of Chasing Amy, his new comic based on their failed relationship. After Holden leaves, Alyssa\'s new girlfriend  arrives and asks who she was talking to. A shaken misty-eyed Alyssa feigns indifference and replies, "Oh, just some guy I knew."'] ["Adam is a young Dubliner who ingratiates himself into the Owens family after meeting Lucy at the restaurant where she waits tables and sings. While wooing her, he becomes involved with her more reserved older sister Laura, a romantic literary type who spends most of her time at the library, her oldest married sister Alice, a new mother who's unhappy with her boring husband Martin, and her brother David, who seeks Adam's advice on how to seduce his repressed girlfriend, only to find himself nearly succumbing to Adam's charms himself. Several scenes are repeated numerous times, each time seen from the point-of-view of a different character."] ['Civilian scientist Jason Eldridge  runs Magnetic Analyzer Computing Synchrotron , a vacuum-tube computer aboard the USS Elmira. He and his friend LT Ferguson Howard  realize that, by using MACS to record a roulette table\'s spins over time, the computer can predict future results. Howard and LTJG Beauregard Gilliam  check into a Venice casino\'s hotel dressed as civilians with Eldridge, defying Admiral Fitch\'s  order that naval officers on shore avoid the casino and wear uniforms. They plan to use signal lamps to communicate with a confederate manning MACS on the Elmira. At the hotel dedicated bachelor Howard meets and romances Julie Fitch , the admiral\'s daughter. Eldridge reunites with former girlfriend and heiress Pam Dunstan , in Venice to marry another man. The betting system is very effective, and the three men accumulate hundreds of thousands of dollars in casino chips; the money gives Eldridge the confidence to propose to Dunstan. However, Admiral Fitch sees and investigates their signals; soon the Navy, the American and Soviet consulates, and Venice city authorities are on alert for a "revolution". The gamblers get Signalman Burford Taylor , who finds their signal lamp, drunk to detain him, but Taylor escapes and reports to the admiral. Julie Fitch tells her father that she and Howard have "got to marry" each other to save him from court-martial. The Soviets accuse the Navy of using MACS to steal from the casino. To avoid an international incident Howard agrees to intentionally lose his last bet, but a riot breaks out between Soviets, Americans, and Italians in the casino over the chips. The movie ends with newlyweds Howard and Fitch celebrating their honeymoon in the hotel.'] ['Gray Baldwin , a family oriented and quiet bachelorette, lives a close-knit life with her brother, Sam . Their lifestyle is generally co-dependent, involving them living together, going to dance classes together, etc. Gray and Sam\'s relationship has never been thought of as strange, but once a dinner party guest mistakes the siblings as a couple, Gray and Sam decide to venture outside of one another. While discussing with each other what they can do about their single lifestyles, and how they can "hook each other up" with a significant other. Their conversation continues to the park, where Gray meets a possible girlfriend for Sam, Charlie Kelsey . Gray then introduces Charlie and Sam, and they instantly bond, agreeing to see each other again. To Gray\'s surprise, Charlie and Sam become engaged, two days after their meeting. Charlie and Sam insist they are so in love with one another, they should go to Las Vegas the following morning and elope there, inviting Gray along. Gray is a little hesitant, but agrees when Charlie says they can have a "mini bachelorette party". Gray agrees and the three make their way out to Vegas. While in Vegas, Gray takes Charlie out for a hen night, and after many drinks, the two share a drunken kiss. The next morning, Charlie does not remember anything, but Gray has not slept the whole night, due to the bond she felt with Charlie. After realisation, Gray comes to a conclusion that she is attracted to women, and is falling in love with her sister-in-law. The events that occurred in Vegas begin a beautiful journey of self-discovery, testing the relationship between two close siblings and finding happiness in lonely Manhattan.'] ["The film opens as Jamie  walks in on her ex-husband John  as he is masturbating. She had come to his house to tell him that she is getting married. Even though they have been apart for seven years, the news still devastates John, who is already in a depression. Jamie insists that John accompany her to a party the following night and try to cheer up. At the party, John tries various conversational tactics with different women, failing to spark a connection each time. He gets progressively drunker until he ends up urinating in the bushes, where Molly  compliments him on his penis and strikes up a conversation. Molly goes back to John's house and leaves during the night, after they have had sex. Molly returns for a second date the next night, and once again, she leaves after they have had sex. John follows her to her house and falls asleep in his car. The next morning, he warily approaches the house, where he is surprised to meet Molly's son Cyrus . Cyrus invites John inside and makes friendly conversation with him. Molly is startled to see John in her house when she returns, but the trio have dinner together. John is slightly unnerved by evidence that Molly and Cyrus are closer than normal for a mother and son. The next morning, John cannot find his shoes, which he had left in the living room. As the day wears on, he is increasingly disturbed by their disappearance and starts to worry that Cyrus has been messing with him the whole time. He ropes Jamie into meeting Molly and Cyrus, in order to appraise his paranoia. Jamie finds Cyrus sweet, if a little overly intimate with his mother. Relieved, John returns for another night at Molly's home. As they begin to have sex for the first time in her house, Cyrus screams in his room, and Molly runs to comfort him. She does not return to John, who goes out looking for her in the middle of the night. Instead, he encounters Cyrus who is holding a large kitchen knife. Cyrus explains that he had a night terror, and that Molly has gone to sleep. He then counsels John to back off on the relationship, because he is scaring off Molly. John leaves a note for her and returns home. In the morning, Cyrus sits Molly down and tells her that John had confessed to him that she was coming on too strong. When she presses Cyrus for more information, he explodes in a tantrum and storms off, checking through the window to make sure he has upset his mother. Molly calls John and begs him to come over, while she waits for Cyrus to return. When Cyrus finally comes home, he explains that he has rented a room and will be moving out. After a few days alone together, John decides that he wants to move in with Molly. After one date, they return home and begin to have sex, while Cyrus sits in the darkened kitchen. He surprises them both and explains that he has had another panic attack and wants to return home. In private, John finally confronts Cyrus about everything, and Cyrus admits that he has been deliberately sabotaging his mother's relationship. He moves back home, and John remains wary of him. The night before Jamie's wedding, he warns Cyrus not to screw up the day, because it means a lot to him. At the wedding, however, Cyrus is hurt when he sees how the event stirs romantic feelings between John and his mother. He confronts John in the bathroom and attacks him, yelling that John will not take his mother away from him. As John defends himself, the two spill out of the bathroom, into the view of the other guests. Cyrus makes it look like John attacked him. John advises Molly to open her eyes, then he storms off, furious at Cyrus. Later, Molly believes John's explanation, but John will not consider continuing the relationship, convinced that Cyrus will only continue to sabotage it and that he will end up alone again in a few years. He moves into a dumpy apartment. Meanwhile, Molly confronts Cyrus about his behavior, and she explains that she is deeply unhappy at the loss of her relationship. Cyrus reconsiders his position and visits John, begging him to come back. John insists that he will not, despite his love for Molly. He is certain that Cyrus will only ruin things again. Unsure if Cyrus has left, John opens the door to see him sitting on the steps with tears in his eyes. They exchange some dialogue that denotes a truce between them. Cyrus then asks if he can get a ride home. John inquires as to whether or not Molly is home and Cyrus says that she is not. Once home, Cyrus and John hug to show that the truce is genuine. Once Cyrus goes into the house, Molly comes out alluding to the prospects of Cyrus now using his manipulative power to keep their relationship together instead of trying to rip it apart. John and Molly lock eyes and it looks like the relationship is back on track. The movie ends with John starting to get out of the car."] ['{{plot}} Ambitious Westport High School senior Matthew Kidman  dreams of a career in politics. He has been accepted to the prestigious Georgetown University, but will only be able to afford it if he can win a large scholarship. With graduation approaching, he struggles to find anything truly memorable about his high school experience which is quite hard due to his social staus. However, his luck changes when he meets his beautiful next door neighbor Danielle . The outlandish Danielle and the steady Matthew each turn out to be the perfect complement for the other, and they are immediately smitten with one another. However, the relationship is challenged when Matthew discovers through his porn-enthusiast friend, Eli , that Danielle recently was an adult film actress under the stage name "Athena". Following Eli\'s advice on how to deal with this incredible revelation, Matthew takes Danielle to a sleazy motel. Danielle guesses that Matthew has discovered her past and punishes him by performing a striptease and offering herself to him. When Matthew becomes distressed and asks why she is degrading herself, Danielle calls him out on his base intentions and abruptly ends the relationship. Matthew goes to Danielle\'s house the following day and attempts to reconcile with her, but learns that she is returning to the porn industry, and is leaving for Las Vegas with her ex-colleague , a porn producer named Kelly . Matthew, riddled with guilt, follows Danielle to Las Vegas to find her at an adult film convention where Kelly menacingly warns Matthew not to interfere with his business. When Matthew convinces Danielle not to rejoin the industry, Kelly abducts Matthew from school and physically assaults him, saying that Danielle\'s failure to arrive on set has cost him $30,000. Kelly offers to let Matthew erase the debt by breaking into rival producer Hugo Posh \'s home to steal an award statuette, but after Matthew has entered the house Kelly quietly calls in a robbery report and leaves the premises. Caught by Posh, Matthew narrowly avoids the police and rushes to his scholarship award dinner. Accidentally high on ecstasy that Kelly had told him was aspirin, he improvises a deeply sentimental speech but loses out on the scholarship - to a student who strongly resembles the passionless, pre-Danielle version of Matthew. Kelly gets his money back by stealing the $25,000 Matthew raised to bring Samnang, a brilliant Cambodian student, to study in the United States. Not wanting to explain his connections to the adult film industry, Matthew had previously introduced Kelly to the bank staff as his student advisor. Although Matthew has not committed a crime, he still fears that he will face expulsion or criminal charges for his unwitting role in the fraud, and he reluctantly turns to Danielle for help. Danielle calls in a few friends from her days as a porn star, and they agree to make a video for Hugo Posh on prom night, on school grounds, and using Matthew\'s classmates as actors. After the successful shoot, and after Eli has been dropped off with the tape\'s master copy, Danielle and Matthew have sex for the first time in their limousine. Despite Danielle\'s past, it is the first time she has truly made love, and the moment is tender and significant for each of them. The next morning Matthew is shocked to find Kelly, holding the tape he has stolen from Eli\'s home, seated with his parents and school principal at the dining room table. Kelly asks to speak privately with Matthew and says that unless he is given half of all profits, he will play the tape immediately. Matthew, following Danielle\'s repeated advice to "just go with it", refuses because the money he will earn for the tape rightfully belongs to Samnang. Kelly repeats his threat, but Matthew stands up for himself and dares him to show the tape, stating that he no longer cares about his now-ruined future. As the tape begins to play, it becomes clear that Matthew and his friends have made a progressive, comprehensive sex education tape rather than a pornographic film. With no more cards left to play, Kelly finally and grudgingly admits defeat but smiles at Matthew\'s initiative. Hugo Posh and Matthew make millions from the video. Hugo Posh keeps his word and pays for Samnang to come to the USA, while Matthew has enough money to attend Georgetown and take Danielle to DC with him. Matthew sends Kelly a box of Cuban cigars, which he happily accepts. The final scene shows Matthew driving into Georgetown University in a BMW Z4. Matthew\'s story ends with him getting the girl of his dreams and a chance at the future he has always wanted.'] ['Paul Prentice  and Karl Foyle  were close friends during their prep school days. Paul used to defend Karl from the violent attacks of their classmates, who ridiculed Karl for being effeminate. Some years later they are reunited literally by accident, when Paul, on the motorcycle he drives as a courier, runs into the cab that Karl  is riding in. Paul is initially surprised to discover that Karl has become Kim, but asks her out to get re-acquainted. Their first date goes badly and Kim assumes that it\'s because Paul is nervous about being seen in public with her. Paul brings her flowers at her workplace  and they go out again. This date works out better and they end up back at Paul\'s place listening to music. The two continue to spend time together, with Prentice teaching Kim how to ride a motorcycle. Their next dinner date, at Kim\'s place, is disastrous. Paul, struggling to understand transgender issues, drinks too much and ends up in the courtyard outside Kim\'s apartment, exposing his penis and ranting. The police arrive and arrest him for indecent exposure. Kim places a hand on one of the officers and he arrests her for "interfering" with an officer. In the police van, one of the officers makes crude remarks about Kim and places his hand under her skirt. Prentice intervenes and is beaten by the officer. At the police station, Paul is charged with assaulting the officer. Kim, his only witness, is terrified of being in trouble and intimidated by the police into keeping silent. She flees to her sister\'s home. At Paul\'s trial on the assault charges, Kim is able to gather her courage and testify for Paul. While he is still convicted, he receives only a token fine. A reporter at the courthouse tries to buy Kim and Prentice\'s story but they refuse. They return to Kim\'s place, where Paul is surprised and delighted to discover that he and Kim are sexually as well as emotionally compatible; they make love. Paul, desperate for money following the repossession of his motorcycle, sells Kim\'s and his story to a London tabloid. With the story splashed all over the papers, Kim thinks she\'s going to be sacked from the greeting card company. Instead, her boss stands behind her. As the film draws to a close, it\'s revealed that Kim and Paul are living together and that it was Kim\'s idea for Paul to sell the story.'] ['The film is presented in a nonlinear narrative, as it jumps from various days within the 500-day span of Tom and Summer\'s relationship, indicated by an animation that includes the day\'s number; this summary is a linear version of the events of the film. On January 8, Tom Hansen  meets Summer Finn , the new assistant to his boss. Tom trained as an architect but works as a writer at a greeting card company in Los Angeles. Following a karaoke night, Tom\'s friend and co-worker McKenzie  reveals that Tom is attracted to Summer. During the next few months Summer and Tom grow closer, despite Summer\'s telling Tom that she does not believe in true love, and does not want a boyfriend. Tom shows Summer his favorite spot in the city, which overlooks a number of buildings he likes, although the view is spoiled by parking lots. After several months of dating, Tom gets into a fight with a man who flirts with Summer, and they have their first argument. On day 290, Summer and Tom end their relationship after they see The Graduate, a film which Tom thinks shows true love. Tom does not take the breakup well, and Tom\'s friends call his younger sister, Rachel, to calm him down. Summer quits her job at the greeting card company. Tom\'s boss moves him to the consolations department, as his depression is not suitable for happier events. Months later, as Summer and Tom attend the wedding of a co-worker, they dance at the wedding and Summer catches the bouquet. They sit next to each other on the trip home, and Summer invites Tom to a party at her apartment. He attends the party, but leaves when he sees that Summer is wearing an engagement ring. Tom enters a deep depression, only leaving his apartment for alcohol and junk food. After a few days, he returns to work with a hangover and after an emotional outburst, quits his job. He decides to rededicate himself to architecture, makes a list of firms, and begins to attend interviews. On day 488, Summer sees Tom at his favorite spot in the city, and they talk. Tom states his lack of understanding towards her actions. Summer explains that he was right about the existence of true love and that she discovered in someone else all the feelings she had never been sure about with Tom. Summer holds Tom\'s hand. She says she is glad to see Tom is doing well. As she leaves Tom tells her he really hopes she is happy. Twelve days later, on Wednesday, May 23, he attends a job interview and meets a girl who is also applying for the same job. They talk, and Tom learns she shares his favorite spot and dislike for the parking lots. Before entering the interview, he makes a date to have coffee with her afterwards. He asks her name, and she replies "Autumn".'] ["The story is of a bride's mother getting supposedly swindled out of her money by a spurned suitor. The groom's father orchestrates a scheme of his own to set things right. He is aided by a cabaret singer while placating a jealous wife."] ['Champak Chaturvedi, the creator of a theatre group, is offered a chance perform a show in London. Bunty and Babla are two wannabes and skirtchasers in his group, always at loggerheads with each other to covet the role of the hero. Their behaviour causes the heroine to run away. This really upsets the organizer, who offered the chance mainly because of the heroine. Champak tells the duo that whoever gets a new actress will get to become hero. Then Babla asks Gullu where he can find a heroine. Gullu misinterprets this as prostitute and directs him to a park. Bunty, who has heard everything, follows them. In a misunderstanding, they meet two men from underworld and exchange their goods, only to find that the men have sold drugs to them since the underworld misinterpreted their need for heroine as "heroin". Bunty convinces Babla into going to the police to turn in the drugs to get good credit or an award, but the police get the wrong impression and think they are drug dealers. Commissioner JD Mehra releases them after telling them not to leave the country until they are proven innocent. Bunty and Gullu bump into Munni, who is trying to commit suicide. Bunty saves her and brings her to the theatre group to be the heroine. Later, Bunty falls in love with Munni, but then she has an accident. The doctor notes that she may have suicidal tendencies. When Munni wakes up, she claims to be Nisha Chauhan, wife of Vikram Chauhan. They meet Vikram, who confirms her suicidal nature. A heartbroken Bunty accepts the fact and tries to forget her, only to learn some time later that Nisha has burnt herself to death. However, Bunty suddenly spots Nisha in the city one day. Later, Champak and Babla too see her. Later, the trio see Vikram flailing a gun at someone and are shocked to see him die in front of them. All three are frightened and throw his body down a vent. During the performance, Vikram\'s body falls from the ceiling. The commissioner questions everyone and arrests the trio for murder of Vikram. M.G. Gandhi wants the three dead because he thinks they\'re going to get him thrown in jail. Gandhi\'s men attack the police car transporting the trio, helping them escape. The trio try to search Nisha based on the clues they have. Bunty and Babla run into Nisha, well and alive, upon which they trap her at the clock tower of Brighton station. It is revealed her real name is Aditi and she was hired by Vikram to play his wife Nisha and convince people she is crazy in return for money and a passport out of the UK. Vikram wanted to kill his real wife Nisha to get her wealth. When Aditi found out about his ways, she tried to stop him and failed. She later tried to reach Bunty at the show to tell him about it, but Vikram caught her. Then the Commissioner arrived at the play and killed Vikram. Just then, the Commissioner arrives there and confirms that he is indeed Vikram\'s killer. The Commissioner reveals that Nisha was his sister and he killed Vikram to avenge her murder. He also intends to kill Aditi as she helped Vikram to pass off Nisha\'s murder as suicide. By then, Gandhi and his men reach there and a skirmish starts. The Commissioner kills Gandhi and his men and is about to finish Nisha alongwith Bunty, Babla and Champak. However, the disaster is averted, after which the Commisioner confesses his crime. The film ends with an item song.'] ['Successful and single Guggenheim Museum art curator Beth  is at a point in her life where love seems like a luxury she just can\'t afford. Years of waiting for the perfect romance has made Beth bitter. After flying to Rome to attend her younger sister Joan\'s  impulsive wedding, she meets Nicholas Beamon , who rescues her in a couple of difficult situations but is just as much of a clumsy clod as she is. They hit it off well and reach a point where both parties take an interest in the other. Just as Beth convinces herself to believe in love again, she sees Nick kissing another woman, who turns out to be the groom\'s  \'crazy cousin\'. Slightly drunk and jealous at seeing Nick with another woman, she picks up coins  from the "fountain of love" . She later learns from Joan that legend says that if you take coins from the fountain, the owner of the coin will fall in love with you. Beth discovers that the legend is true. She is pursued back to New York by a band of aggressive suitors whose coins she took, including a diminutive sausage magnate Al , lanky street illusionist Lance , a doting painter Antonio , and a narcissistic male model Gale . She must return the coins to the fountain to break the spell. As she falls in love with Nick, she realizes that the poker chip belongs to him and is convinced that he is merely under a spell, not truly in love with her. Joan calls Beth on the day of the gala and informs her that the spell can also be broken by returning the coins to the original owner. Stacey , Beth\'s secretary—who is highly concerned about Beth\'s miserable love life—overhears the conversation and steals the coins, believing that Beth would lead a better life with people loving her, regardless of the spell. Beth\'s suitors all show up together at her apartment and she decides to break it to them that she does not love them and plans to return the coins to them. After she blurts out her love for Nick to them, she realizes that Stacey has stolen the coins and goes on a mission to retrieve the coins with her suitors aiding her. They all pile into a yellow Vespa 400 microcar , which careens through city traffic, into a hotel and up an elevator. When Beth explains to Stacey that this is not the way she believes love is, Stacey returns the coins and Beth hands back the coins to their owners. Left with the poker chip, she calls Nick and thanks him for making her believe in love again. As Nick makes his way to the gala to search for Beth in a sudden lightning storm that hits New York, Beth is in a situation with Lance who plays with the poker chip by doing disappearing tricks. She accidentally hits the chip out of Lance\'s hands and chases it as it rolls down three floors of the spiral gallery. The chip is picked up by Nick, who appears to be in love with Beth still, convincing Beth that his love was true all along. However, on their wedding day in Rome, Lance reveals to Beth that he had multiple poker chips and the one Beth knocked out on the night of the lightning storm was just one of them, which proves that Nick did not break out of the spell. While exchanging wedding vows, Beth hesitates and dashes out of the building to everyone\'s surprise. She revisits the fountain of love where she originally picked up the coins and climbs in like before. Nick appears and climbs into the fountain. He claims that he didn\'t throw a chip into the fountain at all. He drops the poker chip in the water and the priest is heard yelling \'Free of temptation!\'. Beth finally believes Nick and kisses him.<ref name 2008-03-23 | first  Fleming | title  http://www.variety.com/article/VR1117982795.html | work  2008-04-23 }}'] ['Viola Hastings  is a high school soccer player at Cornwall, which has just cut its girls\' soccer team. After her request to join the boys team is refused by the misogynistic coach, she finds a way to play for Cornwall\'s rival, Illyria. Viola\'s twin brother, Sebastian ([[James Kirk , is supposed to enter Illyria as a new student, and since he is instead going to a contest in London with his fledgling band, Sebastian asks Viola to cover for him by telling the school that he is sick and each of their parents  thinks that he is staying with the other. Viola instead decides to pass herself off as Sebastian and join the boys\' soccer team at Illyria. She hopes to beat the Cornwall team and humiliate her cocky and sexist goalie ex-boyfriend, Justin ([[Robert Hoffman  who plays for the rival team. With the help of her stylist friend Paul and her girlfriends, Viola becomes the quirky "Sebastian". At Illyria, Viola\'s roommate is Duke Orsino , a good-looking striker on the soccer team. Tryouts see Viola assigned to second string, much to her dismay. Meanwhile, "Sebastian\'s" lab partner, Olivia , develops a crush on him, which frustrates Duke, who likes Olivia. In exchange for "Sebastian\'s" help in getting Olivia\'s attention, Duke agrees to put in extra soccer practice time with him. Coach Dinklage eventually moves "Sebastian" up to first string, and he is delighted. “Sebastian” is reminded, by a message from his mother, about the Junior League carnival that the siblings promised to attend. Due to the fact that Duke’s mother is also a part of the Junior League, he must go as well. “Sebastian” is forced to switch between herself  and Sebastian the whole time, while trying to avoid her mother and Monique, Sebastian\'s ex-girlfriend, so that she is not discovered as impersonating her brother. Viola is trying to run around and do both her and her brother’s jobs at the carnival. Duke misses his chance with Olivia when her shift is up at the kissing booth. He is not disappointed by her replacement, who turns out to be “Sebastian’s” sister, Viola. Duke and Viola meet for the first time and exchange their kiss at the kissing booth, only to be interrupted by Viola’s ex-boyfriend, Justin. Duke and Justin get into a fight and decide they will finish the battle on the soccer field. Duke realizes he might be crushing not only on Olivia, but on Viola as well. Olivia goes on a date with Duke to make "Sebastian" jealous, remaining far more interested in him than in Duke. Encouraged by Viola, she decides to go directly to Sebastian and tell him how she feels. The plot becomes complicated when the real Sebastian returns from London a day early. When he arrives at Illyria, Olivia runs up and kisses him. Duke, seeing this, believes his roommate has betrayed him and after arguing with "Sebastian" kicks him out. Viola stays in Eunice\'s room and oversleeps, causing the real Sebastian to wind up on the field playing in what should be his sister\'s spot in the next day\'s much-anticipated game against Cornwall. Principal Gold , who has been told of Viola\'s impersonating Sebastian by two students, Monique and Malcolm, halts the game and informs the crowd that Sebastian is a girl. The real Sebastian being present instead, he proves himself to be male by pulling down his shorts and exposing his genitals off-screen. At half-time, Viola explains the situation to Sebastian and they switch places again. Later on in the game Viola explains that she has been impersonating her brother, finally convincing Duke and everyone else by showing them her breasts . The coach agrees to let Viola keep playing anyway, sternly informing the Cornwall coach that Illyria doesn\'t discriminate based on gender and he calls out the coach for his sexist ways. Illyria wins the game on a penalty kick when Viola scores a goal  past her Justin. Everyone at Illyria celebrates their victory over Cornwall, except for Duke who is hurt at Viola\'s deception. She invites Duke to her debutante ball. They meet in a garden and head to the debutante ball, where they are introduced, come on stage, and kiss. At the end of the film, Viola and Duke are shown playing on the soccer team of Illyria a year later, both on the first string. They are both then seen laughing in practice, and the film ends.'] ['Eva  works as a seamstress in a sweatshop where she dreams to become a fashion designer and own a room to marry her longtime partner Angel  an indolent yet charming islander. Her destiny changes when she meets Jorge  a handsome and wealthy exiled raised in Venezuela who visits Cuba with a more ambitious project than taking photos for a book. Eva falls for him and has to decide between the two.'] ['Fred, a recently widowed Spaniard in his 70s who has led a quiet life, retires to an apartment in Madrid. Elsa, a similarly-aged but more colorful Argentinian and a chronic liar, is his neighbor. Fred has no significant health problems but is a hypochondriac. Elsa is seriously ill and undergoing dialysis but hides it from Fred. The two fall in love. Elsa throws Fred into situations the widower would have disapproved of before he met her, making him "live life and not death". Once Fred learns Elsa will probably die, he pays all their expenses for a trip to Rome to fulfill Elsa\'s lifelong wish of reenacting Fellini\'s famous scene starring Marcello Mastroianni and Anita Ekberg under the Fontana di Trevi in La Dolce Vita. After the trip to Rome, the movie ends with Fred visiting Elsa\'s grave in Madrid with his grandson. Fred looks at the birthdate on her tombstone and realizes she lied about how old she was and jokingly and affectionately calls her "embustera" .'] ["Marcy Tizzard  is assistant to Senator John McGlory  from Boston, Massachusetts. In an attempt to court the Irish-American vote in a tough reelection battle, the bumbling senator's chief of staff, Nick , sends Marcy to Ireland to find McGlory's relatives or ancestors. Marcy arrives at the fictional village of Ballinagra  as it is preparing for the annual matchmaking festival. She attracts the attention of two rival professional matchmakers, Dermot  and Millie , as well as roguish bartender Sean . The locals tolerate her genealogical search while trying to match her with various bachelors. Sean tries to woo Marcy despite her resistance to his boorish manners. After they have begun their romance, they return home to Sean's house one afternoon to find his estranged wife Moira  waiting for them. Marcy leaves Sean, upset that he did not disclose his marriage to her. McGlory and Nick arrive in Ballinagra, although Marcy's been unable to locate any McGlory relatives. McGlory discovers Sean's wife's maiden name is Kennedy and brings her back to Boston as his fiancée just in time for the election, and wins by a small margin. While at the victory party, McGlory's father  reveals privately to Marcy that the family is Hungarian, not Irish. The family name had been changed at Ellis Island when they immigrated, but as they settled in Boston with its large Irish population, he never told his son their true lineage. Sean follows Marcy to Boston, and they reconcile."] ['The film revolves around Hildur, a national celebrity and socialite who has to look for a job when her boyfriend Jolli is sent to prison. She finds a job at Astrópía, a store that sells role playing books and her immersion into geek culture changes her outlook on life.'] ['Magazine publisher Van Stanhope  and his wife, Linda,  are celebrating their third wedding anniversary. They are very much in love and Van gives Linda a diamond bracelet. However, Van\'s secretary, the beautiful Helen "Whitey" Wilson , is thought by Van\'s mother to be a temptation to Van. Linda refuses to listen to all of her friends and Van\'s mother as she trusts Van. In truth, she has all the reason in the world to trust him, as his relationship with Whitey is strictly business. Meanwhile, Whitey\'s beau, Dave , is very uncomfortable about her relationship with Van as he calls one night while they\'re having dinner to ask that Whitey help him finish work at a party. When Dave asks Whitey to marry him, Whitey refuses, and buries herself further in her work. When Van has to be very secretive to buy J. D. Underwood\'s weekly, for fear that his rival will buy it instead, only Whitey is permitted to know, providing still more conflict between Van and his wife. When Van returns from his business meeting with Underwood, and tells Linda that he has been at the club all day, Linda discovers that he has not been at the club but rather has been out with Whitey, who was merely helping him prepare for his discussion with Underwood. At a skating party, Linda is too sick to skate, but hears from one of the wives there that Van and Whitey are most likely having an affair as Van and Whitey skate. When Linda and Van get into the car, they fight when Linda requests that Van have Whitey moved to another employer. Van refuses and Linda ignores him for the rest of the evening until she calls him back to make up. Van plans a trip for himself and Linda, but when he learns that Underwood is at a conference in Havana, changes his plans and won\'t permit Linda to accompany him while he works. Whitey learns of important information regarding the rival paper, which results in Van bringing her to Havana to close the deal. While celebrating the successful closing of the deal, they develop a drunken attraction to each other but do not consummate this attraction. When Linda calls, Whitey answers the phone, and she assumes they are having an affair. Van returns to New York only to have Linda ignoring him entirely and asking for a divorce. Lonely, he asks Whitey to accompany him to Bermuda as a friend, which she, having fallen in love with Van, agrees to. But realizing that Van will never love her as much as he loves Linda, she visits her on the boat that Linda has planned to take her to Europe. Whitey tells her to go back to Van, telling her that she would be a fool to let him go. After resistance, Linda meets him in his office and they make up. Whitey is then met by Dave where they make up as well.'] ["High school student Brad  has had an unrequited crush on a classmate named Brooke  for years. After she asks him to come over one night to tutor her, she ends up wanting to have sex with him. But she only wants safe sex, and he does not have a condom. (The use of Trojan in the title is an obvious pun on the [[Trojan  In his quest to buy some condoms, he runs into all sorts of trouble; his dad's Jaguar gets stolen and then wrecked, he has a run-in with a crazy bus driver , he is held hostage, he is pursued by a school janitor  who accuses him of tagging, an odd pair of hispanic siblings  who think he is David Hasselhoff, Brooke's dog, Brooke's jealous boyfriend Kyle , and a homeless man  who wants two dollars from him , and he is nearly arrested. After all of this and finally receiving a condom from a police officer who releases him, he realizes that the perfect girl has been there for him all along: his best friend Leah , who has had feelings for him for a long time unbeknownst to Brad. Finally, Brad realizes his own feelings for Leah while also discovering Brooke is not as great as he thought she was, after he finds out that she only wants a one night stand with him instead of a relationship. Brad runs out to find Leah and admits his feelings to her, kissing each other by the moonlight. After the end credits, Brad's parents are shocked by the sight of what is left of their car after the tow truck driver brings it back."] ['A hapless delivery man learns why sometimes too much of a bad thing can be detrimental to your personal well being after getting caught up with an older woman who sends his life spinning out of control. Trey  may be working hard, though he just can\'t seem to catch a break. He\'s got no money for school, and his recent attempt to win over the girl of his dreams  resulted in nothing less than complete and total embarrassment. But while a seductive cougar  may be more than happy to pay for Trey\'s "personal delivery services," his ideal situation is about to backfire in a way that the roving Romeo could have never seen coming.'] ['The movie is about Raja, who has always lived in the jungle with his mother and grandpa and Rani, daughter of the minister who has had all the comforts of life. How they come together and fall for each other is the story.'] ["An aspiring New York model, Brier  falls in love at first sight with a struggling musician, Luke  when they suddenly cross paths on a subway train. Having achieved success as a model, she decides to move to L.A. to launch an acting career. She wanted to become a dancer but it didn't work out. With the support of her agent and sometimes surrogate mom, Carrie , she lands a spot in an acting class where she befriends another would-be actress, Clea . While out on the town, Brier crosses paths with Luke once again in a club called 'The Mint'. The two girls realize that he is actually a good musician, and they then decide to help him and set out to create some L.A. style hype to get him noticed by a record company. As his profile rises, so do the demands of his budding new career and they both discover that the price of fame may be higher than anyone expected."] ['The film begins in 1783 with the Chevalier de Milletail  visiting the elderly Monsieur de Blayac , confined to his chair. He taunts him about his past prowess in wit and reminds him of how he humiliated him, naming him "Marquis de Clatterbang" when he fell over while dancing. He then urinates on the helpless old man. The film then shifts to the Dombes, a boggy region north of Lyon. The Baron Grégoire Ponceludon de Malavoy  is a minor aristocrat and engineer. He is one of the few aristocrats who care about the plight of the peasants. Horrified by the sickness and death caused by the mosquitoes that infest the swamps, he hopes to drain them; he goes to Versailles in the hope of obtaining the backing of King Louis XVI . Just before reaching Versailles, Ponceludon is robbed and beaten. He is found by the Marquis de Bellegarde , a minor noble and physician. As Ponceludon recuperates at the marquis\' house, Bellegarde takes him under his wing, teaching him about wit , the primary way to make one\'s way at court. At first, Ponceludon\'s provincial background makes him a target at parties and gatherings, even though he proves himself a formidable adversary in verbal sparring. At one such party, he catches L\'abbé de Vilecourt  cheating at a game of wits, with the help of his lover, Madame de Blayac , the beautiful and rich recent widow of Monsieur de Blayac, who was to have been Ponceludon\'s sponsor at court. Blayac repays his generosity in not exposing them by arranging for the certification of his lineage—thereby allowing his suit to proceed. Despite his success, Ponceludon begins to see that the court at Versailles is corrupt and hollow. The only exception is Mathilde de Bellegarde , the doctor\'s daughter. She has agreed to marry Monsieur de Montaliéri, a rich, old aristocrat whose wife is dying. Her motivation is twofold: to support her science experiments and to help pay off her father\'s debts. Ponceludon begins to help her with her experiments. Montaliéri observes their growing attraction to each other. Later, Montaliéri tells Ponceludon that he should wait, as he is not likely to live very long, and Mathilde would be a rich widow. Even after Mathilde admits that she dreads her upcoming marriage, Ponceludon does not want her to end up the wife of a poor man. One day, a deaf-mute named Paul runs through the woods wearing Mathilde’s diving suit and frightens Madame de Blayac. Blayac makes Bellegarde send him away. Bellegarde sends the boy to the Abbé de l\'Épée, a pioneering educator of the deaf. Mathilde visits Madame de Blayac and unsuccessfully pleads for Paul. Madame de Blayac senses a rival for Ponceludon. Meanwhile Vilecourt is concerned that Ponceludon is becoming too successful, so Madame de Blayac promises to bring him down. Madame de Blayac traps Ponceludon at a dinner party  where one too many guest has been invited. A contest of wit is used to settle who must make a humiliating departure. Distracted by Blayac, Ponceludon loses, and is convinced that his disgrace will force him to leave the court. However, he is reminded of why he set out in the first place when a village child dies from drinking contaminated water. During this time, Mathilde appears at court, breaking the terms of her engagement contract. Vilecourt finally obtains an audience with the King, but blunders by accidentally blaspheming God in an attempt to be witty, and Blayac turns her attention back to Ponceludon, convincing him to return to Versailles. He sleeps with her in exchange for her assistance; she arranges a meeting with the King. She maliciously has Bellegarde attend her in his capacity as physician when Ponceludon is still with her, ensuring that Mathilde learns of their relationship. During a presentation at court of the Abbé de l\'Épée\'s work with deaf people and development of sign language, the nobles ridicule the deaf mercilessly. However, some nobles change their minds when the deaf demonstrate their own form of wit: sign language puns. In response, de Bellegarde stands and asks how to sign "bravo," leading Ponceludon to rise and clap to show his support. Mathilde is touched, and they soon make up. Ponceludon joins the King\'s entourage and, after showing off his engineering prowess by proposing an improvement to a cannon, secures a private meeting with the King to discuss his project. The embarrassed cannoneer then insults Ponceludon, forcing him into demanding a duel. Madame de Blayac almost persuades him to avoid the duel, but he eventually decides to proceed, under the supervision of Bellegarde. He kills the cannoneer, but is later informed that the King cannot meet with someone who has killed one of his officers right after his death, although he is assured that it was right to uphold his honor. Madame de Blayac is furious when she learns that Ponceludon has left her for Mathilde and plots her revenge. Ponceludon is invited to a costume ball "only for wits." Upon arriving at the ball with Mathilde, he is maneuvered into dancing with Blayac and is tripped. His spectacular fall earns him the derisive nickname "Marquis des Antipodes" by Milletail. Ponceludon tears off his mask and condemns their decadence. He tells them that that they class themselves with Voltaire because of their wit, but they have none of Voltaire\'s compassion. He vows to drain the swamp by himself, and leaves the court with Mathilde. Madame de Blayac removes her mask and stands silently crying. The movie closes in Dover, England in 1794, where Bellegarde has fled from the French Revolution and where he gets a taste of the English “humour” which the nobles had discussed earlier in the film. On-screen text states that Grégoire and Mathilde Ponceludon successfully drained the Dombes and live in revolutionary France.'] ["The film revolves around a small group of elite Mumbaikars whose lives converge at a hairdresser's salon. The protagonist Xen  owns the salon and has a unique gift of connecting with the minds of his clients and reading their thoughts while at work. Most of his customers maintain a facade of normality in order to gain semblance and hide their tumultuous lives to some extent. As backdrop to Xen's ability, it is revealed that as a young boy, he witnessed the death of his parents in a freak accident at a recording studio, where nobody could hear his cries for help through the sound-proof booth as he saw the flames rising. Ever since, Xen's life plunged into some sort of forced silence. Xen uses his gift to help most of his clients, notably Tanya , whose private life is being indecently probed into by another one of his customers, Misha . Xen manages to get the dirt on Misha, who is a secret cocaine addict, and more unsavory details surface where it comes to knowledge that Misha has even gotten some children at the orphanage she works at addicted to it. Xen slips the information to Tanya without her knowledge, who then confronts Misha with it when Misha becomes a little too inquisitive in Tanya's personal affairs. Xen is however, clueless in his own silence, and to add to it, he is unable to probe into the mind of one of his customers, Nikki/Nikita  who arrives in his saloon one day and asks him to cut off all her long hair. He begins to develop feelings for her, sensing some form of distress in her being, unable to reach her but somehow wanting to help. Later, as Xen serves one of his regulars, a respectable businessman, Mr. Mittal , it transpires that the married Mr. Mittal is busy planning a liaison with another woman. More facts slowly unfold to reveal Mr Mittal is, in fact, Nikki's father, and Nikki has been subjected to an incestuous relationship. Enraged, on gradually learning the truth straight from the thoughts of his client, Xen strikes a heavy blow to Mr. Mittal's head, killing him, and later disposing of the body. The death of her father triggers in Nikki a sudden response, and she crumbles to the ground in Xen's arms. He is now engulfed in her disconcerting train of thoughts, disjointed, and echoing her torment of many years. The final scene of the film shows Xen waking the next morning to find the silence in his life is now beyond him, and he can hear, as clearly and wholly as the next human being. Nikki embraces him; the mutual catharsis has made them both more wholesome beings."] ["Top Hollywood talent agent, Jack Giamoro , seems to have it all: a successful career, a lot of money, a nice car, a beautiful wife, etc. However, while pursuing success, he somehow lost himself and neglected his marriage. He decides to take a journal writing class to do some self-searching. Jack's seemingly perfect world starts to unravel when he learns that his wife, Nina , is cheating on him with his most important client. Things get worse when Barbi , an ambitious journalist, steals Jack's journal, which contains secrets that could ruin him personally and professionally. Jack is forced to fight for everything he has worked so hard to achieve and in doing so, he attains the self-insight he was looking for. Ironically, by realizing that there is more to life than work, he begins to focus on what's most important in his life."] ['Dr. Love is the story of Vinayachandran , a person who was a romance novel writer, is a consistent helper of those who are in love and who wants to be in love. He comes to a college to settle a love matter and becomes the hero of the college. He is then given the title Doctor Love - Romance Consultant by all in the campus. Then he finds out that Ebin ([[Bhavana_ is his childhood bestfriend. They both got separated by circumstance and when he got to the college he figured out that it was her. The problems faced by Vinayachandran later in the campus forms the rest of the story.'] ["The film tells the story of Shantanu ([[Dileep , a researcher in Linguistics, and his two friends, Kalpana  and Anuradha . Anuradha is the sensitive type who has gone through certain bitter experiences in her teenage, where her cousin approached her with love, which she later realised that it was just his lust for her. Kalpana is slightly capricious and loves being in love. Anuradha wants to play Cupid and bring Shantanu and Kalpana together; she knows that they care a lot for each other, but for some reason or the other are hesitant to take the next step. Kalpana's parents are against her marrying Santanu and they try to bring proposals from their own  community. At one point Kalpana's aunt tricks her into meeting a guy, Sanjay, who they hope Kalpana will like and get married to. While they travel with Sanjay in his car, they meet with an accident, which causes some scars on Kalpana's face and gave her a disfigured toe. After the accident Kalpana backs out from the relationship with Santanu and give-in to her parents' wishes to marry Sanjay. Anuradha feels very bad for Santanu and tries to console him. It is then that Santhanu realizes that Kalpana had actually not loved him at all. Though his actual love was near him, so close, he failed to recognise it."] ["Ramón is a sexually active gay man with men coming and going from his bedroom. His best friend Esperanza is a single woman who can't seem to meet or like any men unless they are gay. Some would call Esperanza a fag hag, but she simply has great taste in men, she likes them gay! They go out together to the bars and Ramon always brings a man home while Esperanza goes home to an empty bed. She doesn't mind because she knows that she has Ramón's heart. That is until Ramón meets her fellow teacher, Roberto. Their relationship endangers the precious bond these two have formed. This colorful and somewhat hyper-active film is in the style of Almodóvar. There's always plenty of on-screen action, dialogue and color to keep the eyes and ears happy. It's a tender and intimate peek into the lives of two people that one seldom sees on screen. It seems as if Madrid is teeming with gorgeous gay men, after seeing Amor de Hombre it should be a stop in every gay man's life."] ["Radha  is employed with an advertising agency, and has a chance to see and meet prominent models. She meets her dreamboat, Vikram Verma , on one such day. Needless to state, she is madly in love with him, but he has eyes for his girlfriend, the gorgeous model, Maggie , only. Radha's attempts to make him notice her are in vain, and in desperation she confides in her grandma , for a solution. Her grandma instructs her to follow a number of simple rules, which will make Vikram notice her. *rule no.1 - If you want him to notice you, don't pay attention to him, no matter how crazy you are about him. *rule no.2 - Let him come after you! *rule no.3 - Always be a surprise, never let him realise that he has fully understood you. *rule no.4- Never let him realise that he has the ability to hurt you emotionally *rule no.5- Praise him for almost everything, so he is comfortable in saying 'I love you'"] ["Kate Gunzinger is a mathematics professor at a Chicago university. She lives with a man named Homer in a comfortable but not terribly passionate relationship. Kate travels to New York for a job interview and to attend the wedding of her widowed father. She meets the bride's son, Ben Lewin, a former professional baseball player. Ben is married, but a relationship develops with Kate. He takes her to Yankee Stadium for an old-timers' day ceremony and eventually they have an affair. When they part, Kate goes back to Chicago and breaks up with Homer, not knowing what the future holds."] ['Jerry Maguire  is a glossy 35-year-old sports agent working for Sports Management International . After suffering a nervous breakdown as a result of stress and a guilty conscience, he writes a mission statement about perceived dishonesty in the sports management business and how he believes that it should be operated. He distributes copies of it, entitled "The Things We Think and Do Not Say: The Future of Our Business". His co-workers are touched by his honesty and greet him with applause, but the management sends Bob Sugar , Maguire\'s protégé, to fire him. Jerry and Sugar call all of Jerry\'s clients to try to convince them not to hire the services of the other. Jerry speaks to Arizona Cardinals wide receiver Rod Tidwell , one of his clients who is disgruntled with his contract. Rod tests Jerry\'s resolve through a very long telephone conversation, which culminates in the famed "Show Me the Money!" scene. Meanwhile, Sugar secures most of Jerry\'s previous clients. Frank "Cush" Cushman , a superstar quarterback prospect from Southern Methodist University expected to be #1 in the NFL Draft, also stays with Jerry after he makes a visit to the Cushman home. Leaving the office, Jerry announces he will start his own agency and asks if anyone is willing to join him, to which only 26-year-old single mother Dorothy Boyd  agrees. The two had previously bumped into each other in the airport and Boyd had told Maguire personally how inspiring she found his "memo." Jerry travels to the NFL Draft with Cush and convinces Rod to come too, to meet representatives of other NFL teams. Though Rod at first feels neglected compared to the superstar Cush, Sugar contacts Matt Cushman , Cush\'s dad, while Jerry is in the lobby with Rod and re-signs Cush to SMI. Jerry is devastated and turns to his fiancée Avery  for support, but she rebukes him and he breaks up with her. He then turns to Dorothy, becoming closer to her young son, Ray, and eventually starts a relationship with her. However, Dorothy contemplates moving to San Diego as she has a secure job offer there. Jerry concentrates all his efforts on Rod, now his only client, who turns out to be very difficult to satisfy. Over the next several months, the two direct harsh criticism towards each other with Rod claiming that Jerry is not trying hard enough to get him a contract while Jerry claims that Rod is not proving himself worthy of the money for which he asks. Jerry marries Dorothy to help them both stay afloat financially and to keep her from moving away. He is emotionally and physically distant during the marriage, but is clearly invested in becoming a father to Ray. Although Dorothy is in love, she breaks up with him because she believes he does not love her. Before the start of a Monday Night Football game between the Cardinals and the Dallas Cowboys, Sugar attempts to steal Rod, but is rebuked by Rod and Jerry. The two reconcile soon after. Rod plays well but appears to receive a serious injury when catching a touchdown. He recovers, however, and dances for the crowd, which cheers wildly. Afterwards, Jerry and Rod embrace in front of other athletes and sports agents and show how their relationship has progressed from a strictly business one to a close personal one, which was one of the points Jerry made in his mission statement. Jerry then flies back home to meet Dorothy. He walks in and, in front of her friends, says "Hello." He then speaks for several minutes, telling her that he loves her and wants her in his life, ending with the statement, "You complete me." Dorothy\'s reply to Jerry is, "You had me at hello". Rod later appears on Roy Firestone\'s sports show. Unbeknownst to him, Jerry has secured him an $11.2 million contract with the Cardinals that will allow him to finish his pro football career in Arizona. The visibly emotional Rod proceeds to thank everyone and extends warm gratitude to Jerry. Jerry speaks with several other pro athletes, some of whom have read his earlier mission statement and respect his work with Tidwell. The film ends with Jerry, Dorothy and Ray walking in the park and stumbling across a Little League baseball game. When the ball lands near them, Ray throws it back; a surprised Jerry then comments on his natural throwing ability , much to Dorothy\'s dismay.'] ["When Aunt Yoyita dies during a visit to Gina in Guantánamo, Gina, along with Yoyita's childhood sweetheart, the aging Cándido, must take the body to Havana. To their annoyance, Gina's overbearing husband Adolfo, a punctilious undertaker with political ambitions, takes charge of the journey, including several transfers along the way between hearses. On the road, they keep crossing paths with Mariano, a playboy trucker with a woman at every way station. He and Gina recognize each other: he was her student and wrote her of how much he loved her, then dropped out of school in embarrassment. Before they reach Havana, Gina realizes she can choose between Adolfo and Mariano."] ["Rong, a comedy screenwriter, finds out his wife, Daeng, has had an affair with a physician. Rong's and Daeng's relationship had grown routine and boring, which was why Daeng had the affair. Rong quarrels with Daeng, who angrily drives away in her car. Later, Rong is told that his wife is dead. Grieving, he blames himself for her death. However, Rong notices that many things in the house are being moved around, and he starts to think that perhaps Daeng is not dead."] ['The film begins as married New York City businessman Frank Herlihy  is accidentally killed while trying to buy an apartment for his mistress. Shortly afterward, misanthropic dentist Bertram Pincus  has a near-death experience while under general anesthetic during a colonoscopy. When he recovers, he is able to see and communicate with ghosts who populate the area. The ghosts annoy Bertram by asking him to help them with personal business that was left unfinished when they died. Frank promises to keep the other ghosts away if Bertram will break up an engagement between Frank\'s widow Gwen , a professional Egyptologist, and Richard , a human-rights lawyer who Frank says is dishonest. Bertram eventually agrees to the deal and tries to woo Gwen away from Richard. Bertram\'s past rudeness to Gwen makes this difficult, but he attracts her interest by analyzing the teeth of a mummified Egyptian Pharaoh that she has been studying. When Bertram has dinner with Gwen and Richard, he decides that Richard is not as bad as Frank claimed, but Bertram himself begins to fall in love with Gwen, and she enjoys Bertram\'s sense of humor. At another dinner, Gwen reveals that she learned of Frank\'s mistress the day he died, and when Richard visits Bertram for some dental work, Bertram drugs him with laughing gas in order to make him reveal that Gwen has broken their engagement. Frank doesn\'t understand why he is still on earth if his "unfinished business" was to break up Richard and Gwen. Gwen, not being engaged to Richard any longer, says yes to a proposal that would send her to the Valley of the Kings in Egypt for six months. As a going-away present, Bertram gets her a new key chain from a fancy jeweler\'s, as she had earlier mentioned that she desperately needed one. But when he mistakenly reveals information about Gwen that only Frank could have known, she demands the truth, and Bertram tells her the whole story about the ghosts. Gwen doesn\'t believe him and demands to know what Frank\'s worst nightmare was. Frank lies to Bertram, telling him a fake nightmare, and Gwen, thinking that Bertram has been lying to her and playing some kind of game, walks away and stops talking to him. Bertram demands to know why Frank lied to him about the nightmare, and Frank says, "Because you\'re a heartless son-of-a-bitch who doesn\'t give a rat\'s ass about anyone but himself. [Gwen\'s] already had one of those."  Bertram sinks into a depression and asks a fellow dentist , for medication that will help him forget Gwen. His colleague instead convinces him that his life would be better if he decided to stop being selfish and start helping people. Bertram begins helping the ghosts around him with their "unfinished business" on earth, bringing comfort to people they left behind and enabling the ghosts to depart. As he does this he realizes that the ghosts were still on earth not because they had unfinished business, but because the people they were close to were not finished with them. He also learns to appreciate people. Bertram realizes that the reason Frank cannot leave is that Gwen has not let go of him yet. He confronts Gwen who asks him to ask Frank why she wasn\'t enough for him, and Frank says he\'s sorry for hurting her, which Bertram tells Gwen. Gwen is incredulous that after his infidelity, all Frank would have to say was \'sorry\' and thinks that Bertram is making it all up. He rushes after her and while trying to persuade her to believe him, gets hit by a bus. Bertram, now a ghost himself, watches with Frank as people crowd around his body and Gwen cries over him. Richard arrives on his way to the reception and tries to revive Bertram with prayer and CPR. Seeing how distraught Gwen is, Frank gives Bertram \'some advice\' that will be useful in case he is resuscitated, and tells him that Gwen\'s tears are for Bertram, in others words she loves him. After saying this, Frank is finally allowed to leave the earthly plane. Bertram wakes up alive in the hospital. Later Gwen, who needs dental work, comes in for an appointment with another dentist but finds Bertram\'s office to say hello. Bertram tells Gwen Frank\'s real nightmare , which was the advice Frank told him, and then assures her that Frank has \'found his way home.\' The movie ends with Gwen saying, "It hurts when I smile", to which Bertram replies "I can fix that for you".'] ["Darryl Witherspoon  is a college economics student, who does not have the advantages of his wealthy arch-nemesis, Scott Thorpe , or his best friend Tim LaFlour , who has got a hockey scholarship. Darryl is so broke he donates four pints of blood in one day  and four vials of sperm in one day. Darryl's big break has come when he enters a competition, where the winner gets a high-paying Wall Street job. But when Scott enters the competition, it seems Darryl's break has gone down the drain. He takes on a high-paying experiment to test a drug that enhances the five senses. Darryl uses it to his advantage and he impresses the competition's supervisor, Mr. Tyson  and he even joins the hockey team as a goalie. But after taking an extra dose one night, he experiences side effects. The experiment's supervisor, Dr. Thomas Wheedon , tells Darryl only four of his senses will work at a time until the drug leaves his body. As Darryl struggles, Tim thinks that his friend is on heroin and gets worried about him. Darryl's luck then starts going down the drain as he loses the hockey game because his sense of sight is lost. He also mistakenly confesses love to his girlfriend's father who he thinks is his girlfriend as his sense of sight is lost. Her father turns out to be Mr. Tyson. He also acts very clumsily  during the basketball game he is invited to see with a client who needs to be impressed in order for Darryl to score some points with the Smythe-Bates guys. Luckily, the client thinks Darryl is just funny and signs a contract with the company. As the story progresses, Darryl asks his friend Tim to help him study for the for the next day's interview. At that exact moment, Scott studies for the test with the aid of his rich father's employees. Scott is shown to answer a question correctly but he does not know the reason behind it, he ignores the question. The next day, the drug leaves Darryl's system and now all his five senses operate normally. During the interview, it comes down to Darryl and Scott, Scott is asked the same question he was asked last night, he answers it correctly, but when asked the reason, he does not know, Darryl steps in, gives the correct reason and scores the position of junior analyst at Smythe-Bates. But in his speech, he confesses that he cheated by taking an experimental drug. A meeting is called to decide his fate and Mr. Tyson tells him that he himself started out in the mail room and Darryl should too, if he serves one year duty in the mail room, he will score the position of junior analyst. The story skips a year and Darryl is shown to ask his mom to move into a deluxe apartment. The movie ends with Darryl entering the Smythe-Bates building on his first day, with a familiar-looking doorman ."] ['Opening in a small Kansas town, Betty , a kind and considerate diner waitress, is a fan of the soap opera A Reason to Love. She has no idea that her husband, Del , a car salesman, is having an affair with his secretary and that he intends to leave Betty to pursue a relationship with the secretary. She also doesn\'t know that her husband supplements his income by selling drugs out of the car dealership. When she calls to leave a message about borrowing a Buick LeSabre for her birthday, her husband tells Betty to take a different car, as the LeSabre  has stolen drugs hidden in the trunk. Two hitmen, Charlie and Wesley , show up at the house with Betty\'s husband. The hitmen torture Betty\'s husband into revealing that he has hidden the drugs in the trunk of a car, but Wesley wants to scalp him anyway. Betty witnesses the murder and experiences a fugue state, escaping the reality of murder into the comforting fantasy of the soap opera. In her mind, she assumes the identity of one of the characters in the daytime drama, a nurse. That evening, Sheriff Eldon Ballard , local reporter , and several policemen examine the crime scene while Betty calmly packs a suitcase. She seems oblivious to the murder, even with the investigation going on right in her house. At the police station, a psychiatrist examines her. Betty spends the night at her friend\'s house, sleeping in a child\'s bedroom with the innocence of a little girl. In the middle of the night, she gets into her car and drives off. Betty\'s next stop is a bar in Arizona, where the lady bartender talks about her inspiring vacation in Rome, and Betty tells her that she was once engaged to a famous surgeon . Meanwhile, the two hitmen are trying to find her, as they have finally realized that she must have the car with the drugs. As they search, Charlie begins falling in love with his image of Betty, to Wesley\'s consternation. In Los Angeles, Betty tries to get a job as a nurse while looking for her long-lost "ex-fiancé." She is turned down due to having "forgotten" her résumé and references but manages to get a job in the pharmacy due to her help in saving the life of the victim of a drive-by shooting. Despite an injunction against touching any patients, Betty becomes popular with them and their families. She ends up living with Rosa , a Hispanic legal secretary who has had a series of painful love affairs and offers to help Betty find her surgeon friend. Rosa learns that "David" is just a soap opera character, and she goes to the pharmacy window to confront her. Betty thinks her friend is jealous and is impervious to the revelation. The lawyer has an idea and supplies tickets to a charity function where George McCord , the actor portraying David, will be appearing. Betty meets George at the function. George is inclined to dismiss her as an over-imaginative fan, but something about her compels him to walk back and talk to her some more. He begins to think that Betty is an actress determined to get a part in the soap opera, so he decides to play along. After three hours of her "staying in character," he takes her home. George begins falling in love with her, and he and his producer decide to bring her onto the show as a new character: Nurse Betty. When Betty arrives on set, she falls out of her fantasy world back into real life, as seeing the inner workings of a television show snaps her back into reality. After two failed takes, she realizes that she is on a set and that the people she thought were real are just characters portrayed by actors. George confronts her for being a "crazy person," and Betty walks out. Now recovered, Betty begins to tell Rosa what happened when the two hitmen come into the house to decide what to do with them after they find the car with the drugs outside Rosa\'s house. The killers are in turn interrupted by the reporter and Sheriff Ballard from Betty\'s hometown who have also tracked her down. A standoff ensues in which Ballard pulls out a gun from an ankle holster and shoots and kills Wesley, who is distracted by watching a re-run airing of A Reason to Love. At this point, Wesley is revealed to be Charlie\'s son. Charlie, rather than be arrested, decides not to kill Betty and commits suicide in the bathroom. George offers Betty a job on the show. She appears in 63 episodes and takes a vacation in Rome. Betty later plans to pursue nursing as a career.'] ['A strait-laced banker who works in New York City, Charles Driggs , meets a sexy wild child Audrey Hankel, aka Lulu  for a series of small adventures. Though he initially protests, he finds that her free-wheeling lifestyle adds the spark that has been missing in his life. The relationship takes a dark turn when her violent ex-convict husband Ray Sinclair  shows up at her high school class reunion and wants her back.'] ["Set in Ewedown, a fictitious village in Dorset, England. Tamara Drewe, a young and attractive journalist, returns home with the intention of selling her now-deceased mother's house which she has inherited, and in which she grew up. Locals are amazed at the improvement in her appearance after she had a nose job while away. Andy had been interested in her when she was a girl, and when he sees her now it is clear he is attracted to her. Across the valley is a neighbour's house where authors stay to work on their stories, but the husband, Nicholas, a prolific crime novelist, keeps having affairs while his wife stays at home providing food and lodging for her patrons. At one point he embarks on an affair with Tamara, after she finishes with rock-band drummer Ben, whose dog Boss enjoys chasing cows. Andy has been asked by Tamara to work on the house so she can sell it, and he becomes aware of the affairs, as do two local schoolgirls  who cause some havoc by throwing eggs at cars and interfering with Tamara's emails. The teen Jody is infatuated with Ben, and when he leaves Ewedown after the Tamara affair, Jody uses her wiles to lure him back. Eventually her deceit is discovered and she receives a hard dose of reality. In a strange turn of events, Nicholas is killed in an accident. Beth, the jilted housewife running the writers' retreat, is befriended and then loved by one of her lodgers, and she easily persuades him to remain at the retreat with her. By this time the true love of Andy and Tamara brings them together, Tamara deciding to stay in Ewedown after all."] ['Aarush  leaves his job to stay with his friend, Bob  and his wife, Hetal , who both work at a casino. Aarush is "jinxed", as everything he does is turned upon him. Desperate to get lucky, Aarush goes to a priest, who tells him that his luck will change once he gets married. Therefore, Bob and Hetal decide to get him married to their boss\'s daughter, Devika Samtani . After the marriage, on their honeymoon in Italy, Devika leaves him for her American boyfriend. Aarush decides to commit suicide by drowning in the sea but is saved by a Telugu girl Sandy . Aarush and Sandy fall in love and decide to get married. However, when Sandy finds out Aarush is already married, which she did not know before, she leaves him. It is only due to Aarush claiming his love to her on national TV that she returns to him. The only way Aarush can get married to Sandy however is convincing her elder brother, Major Krishna Rao , a strict army officer who loves and is over-protective of Sandy. Meanwhile, Bob has to lie to Hetal\'s father, Batuk Patel , that he is filthy rich and owns a mansion. The four live life perfectly, until Batuk actually shows up. The four rent a mansion to make him believe that Bob owns it. Due to a misunderstanding, Batuk starts believing that Aarush is married to Hetal, and Bob is married to Sandy. If the confusion wasn\'t enough, Krishna turns up, much to Aarush\'s horror. The four then struggle to keep Batuk and Krishna from finding out the truth. Things seem to be working until one day, Krishna catches sight of Bob and Hetal at the casino and gets suspicious. He uses a lie detector to find out the truth. Aarush answers all questions and when it is confirmed that he truly loves Sandy, Krishna agrees to the marriage. Aarush, Krishna and Bob go to a club for a bachelors night out and meet Dhanno , the club dancer. The whole family is invited to the Royal Palace, to see Krishna get rewarded by the Queen of England. While this is happening, 2 workers are meant to be installing air conditioning instead they accidentally supply the hall with laughing gas causing everyone to break into an outburst of laughter. During this laughter, the truth is let out but no one seems to be in their right state of mind. The 2 workers meanwhile stop the gas from spreading- everyone comes back to their senses. Aarush is stilling telling Krishna the truth, leading Krishna to break off Sandy\'s engagement. However, after Sandy tearfully pleads to him, Krishna lets the two get married. In the end, Hetal and Bob live together with Batuk Patel, and Aarush\'s luck changes for the better.'] ['Georgina  is a 22-year-old Londoner who has considerable musical talent, is well educated, and has an engaging if shameless manner. On the other hand, she believes herself to be plain, dresses haphazardly, and is incredibly naïve on the subjects of love and flirtation; she has never had a boyfriend. She has an inventive imagination and loves children. Her parents are the live-in employees of successful businessman James Leamington . Leamington is 49 and has a loveless, childless marriage with Ellen . He has watched with affection as "Georgy" grew up, and has treated her as if he were her second father.  As Georgy has become a young woman, however, it is apparent that Leamington\'s feelings for her have become more than fatherly. James offers Georgy a legal contract, proposing to supply her with the luxuries of life in return for her becoming his mistress. He also promises to provide for any "fruit of the union". Georgy sidesteps his proposal by never giving him a direct response; Leamington\'s business-like language and manner  leave her cold. Georgy\'s flatmate is her so-called best friend, the beautiful Meredith , who works as a violinist in an orchestra, but is otherwise a shallow woman who lives for her own hedonistic pleasures. She treats the meekly compliant Georgy like an unpaid servant. When Meredith discovers that she is pregnant by her boyfriend Jos Jones , they get married. She did not bother to tell him she had had two abortions before during their relationship. Jos moves in with the two young women. He becomes disillusioned with Meredith and begins to find himself attracted to Georgy . Jos and Georgy begin a secret affair, after Jos admits to seeing Meredith as their lodger and loving Georgy. Meredith gives birth to a daughter, whom they name Sara. Since she has no interest in the baby, and is tired of Jos, she announces that she plans to put the child up for adoption and divorce her husband. Georgy and Jos set up home together in the flat, caring for the baby and living as a married couple. It soon becomes clear that Georgy cares more for the baby than having an adult relationship with Jos, though he had already confessed to being pleased he had a daughter, believing boys need more from their fathers. The relationship ends when Jos realises he is of no real importance to Georgy and has tired of a father\'s responsibilities. Now that Georgy is the sole caregiver of a baby to whom she has no blood ties, Social Services wish to remove baby Sara from her care. In the meantime, Leamington\'s wife has died.  Leamington, who was unable to express his true feelings while his wife lived, now finds himself free to express his love for Georgy and proposes marriage. Georgy accepts because this will allow her to keep Sara. The two marry despite the difference in their backgrounds and ages. Exultant, joyful singing  proclaims that all is well now: "who needs a perfect lover when you\'re a mother at heart...better try to tell yourself that you\'ve got your way...now you\'ve got a future planned for you...at least he\'s a millionaire...you\'re rich, Georgy Girl." In the car as they leave the wedding, neither bride nor groom says a word. Georgy does not look at or pay attention to her new husband, focusing only on Sara.'] ['Chaokun Charoenkesa, the owner of a shop that sells hair-loss treatments, wants to pay back his debt of kindness to a friend, whose formula is responsible for the Chaokun’s prosperity. So he arranges for his good-for-nothing son, Manas, to marry Sugar, the daughter of his dear friend.'] ["A female tax auditor, Ryōko Itakura, inspects the accounts of various Japanese companies, uncovering hidden incomes and recovering unpaid taxes. One day she persuades her boss to let her investigate the owner of a string of love hotels who seems to be avoiding tax, but after an investigation no evidence is found. During the investigation the inspector and the inspected owner, Hideki Gondō, develop an unspoken respect for each other. She is promoted to the post of government tax inspector. When the same case reappears she is again allowed to investigate. During a sophisticated series of raids against the hotel owner's interests, she accidentally comes across a hidden room containing vital incriminating evidence. On the same day, she helps Gondō with his relationship with his teenage son. Six months later the two meet again. The man is tired after daily interrogations. She tries to persuade him to surrender his last secrets for the sake of his son. After she declines an offer to live with him, he cuts his finger and writes the name of the secret bank account in blood on a handkerchief of hers that he saved from the first time she investigated him."] ['Jim Dodge  is a self-proclaimed "people person" and dreamer who is perceived as lazy, good for nothing. After being fired from numerous low-paying jobs, Jim is given the choice by his father, Bud Dodge , to either land a job at the local Target or be put on a bus to St. Louis. Jim is hired as Night Cleanup Boy at Target. On his first shift at his new job, Jim is locked, alone, in the store by his boss. The good news is that he encounters Josie McClellan , the stereotypical "spoiled rich girl," who is someone he has known all his life in school, where they were worlds apart. Josie had spent the past several hours asleep in a dressing room after backing out of shoplifting some merchandise in a half-hearted attempt to run away from her abusive father, Roger Roy McClellan . Josie and Jim begin to connect with each other, realising they are not so different, and Josie convinces Jim to run away with her. They begin to form a romantic relationship, and proceed to enjoy the freedom of having a store this size to themselves. However, things become complicated when two incompetent crooks, Nestor Pyle and Gil Kinney , break into the store and hold the two hostage.'] ["Lawrence 'Rip' Smith , disappointed with inaccuracies from polling results, searches for a community in the middle of the United States that can give perfect results when used for polling. When he finally finds a town where citizens' opinions perfectly mirror those of the American people as a whole, he sets up an undercover operation there. Over time, he gets involved with town inhabitants, and eventually the true nature of his operation is revealed. The town transforms almost overnight; citizens, aware of their special status, begin giving outlandish polling answers instead of the sensible ones they gave in the past. The town's reputation is ruined, together with Smith's plan. Smith however decides to save the town from itself."] ["Seth , a sitcom writer-producer, meets Chelsea , an interior decorator, at his best friend's  wedding. He's immediately sexually attracted to her while she's instantly attracted to his single-ness. They both ditch their wedding dates and start their own date that same night. Chelsea changes from her bridesmaid dress into a sexy outfit and tells him that she has only one rule: she won't have sex with a guy until they have had at least three meals together. Seth proceeds to speed date through the evening ensuring that they actually eat three meals. They end up in the showroom of Chelsea’s job having sex on a four poster bed until Chelsea’s boss interrupts them and presumably fires Chelsea. The two become a couple, appearing very happy until after a couple of years of postponing a marriage proposal. When Chelsea realizes that Seth wants to remain single and together, she becomes quite bitter. In the next hour of the movie, the two engage in behavior that makes The War of the Roses look like child's play."] ['Jemmima Honey, a teacher, needs to raise funds for her local creative arts centre. To do so she accepts the challenge of businessmen and love interest Michael Bartle to ride through the streets of Oxford naked.'] ["Greg  is nearing the end of his high school days as graduation slowly approaches. He is also anxiously awaiting prom and has the hopes of going with Cinny , the school's local beauty. Along with these wants, Greg is also an avid daydreamer and daydreams  over everything from being a great lover to a great student. Since he is about to graduate his mother and a teacher encourage him to apply for college. He finally realizes asking for help with the college applications is a great way for him to get in good with Cinny. So they slowly start a friendship but Greg's wants it to blossom into a romance so he begins to lie about things. Things go smoothly and are believable until they fall apart one day. Afterward, Greg realizes he needs to stop daydreaming  and focus."] ["The daughter of wealthy and famous novelist Meg Swift, Mimi is a young woman who seems to have a perfect life. The opposite appears to be the case, as her deep love for playboy Alan Wythe remains unanswered. Despite her mother's newspaper artist friend Jimmy Kilmartin warnings of Alan's scandalous past revolving women, Mimi is determined to one day become Mrs. Wythe. However, another woman beats her to the title. Mimi is crushed when she finds out that Alan is marrying heiress Elizabeth Kent, but swallows her pride to serve as the bridesmaid. At the wedding, Mimi overhears snobbish women gossiping about her love life. As a result, she gets drunk and admits to Alan she is in love with him. Later that night, Jimmy attempts to consolate her, as does Meg. Encouraged by her mother, Mimi agrees to move out of the house and build up a career to forget Alan. After moving in an apartment, Jimmy arranges her a job as an illustrator at his newspaper. Months go by and Mimi has become a happy woman, although she has not forgot about Alan. When she receives notice of Alan and Elizabeth's return from their honeymoon, she pretends she has no feelings for Alan any longer. Encouraged by those thoughts, she even agrees to meet Alan and offers him to be friends. Alan is interested in the thought of befriending a woman and they decide on going out. Meg and Jimmy spot them attending a boxing match and are immediately worried. The next day, following a joyful night with Alan, Mimi admits to Jimmy that she is still in love with Alan. Jimmy tries to prevent her from breaking up a marriage, but Mimi is determined to convince Alan to divorce Elizabeth so they can marry. She calls Elizabeth and informs her of her true feelings. Later that day, Alan, despite being discouraged by Jimmy, meets Mimi with plans of continuing their affair. He is worried, though, when he finds out he is to divorce Elizabeth. They are interrupted by a visit from Elizabeth, who blames her husband for being too selfish. Alan agrees with his wife, and accompanies Elizabeth to save their marriage, leaving Mimi behind crushed. Yet again, Jimmy consolates Mimi and they agree on ending their quarrel over their different views on morality. After arriving at Megs, they realize they have been in love with each other the entire time and they kiss."] ["The film begins with Martha Alston  in a wedding gown incarcerated in a Mexican prison. The investigators call her Mrs. Crawford and listen to her explain why she committed murder on her wedding day. Some time ago, at her younger sister's wedding, Martha is pestered by her family about when she'll get married. At work, she rejects a date with a younger co-worker, Walter . Disappointed by her dull Valentine's Day blind date, Martha goes home to sulk in front of the TV, where, inundated by romantic imagery, she is prompted to get out of the house. Martha goes to a bar where she drops her quarter in front of the jukebox. She bends down to get it, then a man shows up and selects the same song Martha would have chosen. The man is Whitman Crawford , and they instantly hit it off. They go back to his house and have sex. Whitman says he's a poet and an investor. He reads Martha one of his poems. Martha introduces Whitman to her family and he impresses them. But by the time Martha meets Whitman's mother, Martha has become convinced Whitman is not Mr. Right at all. Whitman's ex-girlfriend Inga  and her accomplice Bob  harass Martha. Inga refuses to believe that Martha has dumped Whitman. Whitman refuses to believe it either, and begins stalking Martha and trying to woo her back in increasingly ridiculous ways. Whitman even buys off Martha's private investigator  and abducts Martha to Mexico to marry her there. Walter shows up to rescue Martha from the wedding, but trips. His gun falls into Martha's hand and she shoots Whitman. Then she's arrested, and the investigators conclude that she murdered Whitman. Walter springs her out of jail and explains that it was Inga who shot Whitman. Walter and Martha ride a horse West towards the sunset. Title cards over this scene explain that they eventually turned North towards the American border, that Inga and Bob get married and open a pet store in Albuquerque, and that Whitman continues his search for love."] ['The plot follows the backstage dramas of a theater company in turn of the century New York while it struggles to produce a new work.'] ['Lucy Moderatz  is a lonely token collector on the Chicago Transit Authority who has a secret crush on a handsome commuter named Peter Callaghan . On Christmas day, she rescues him from an oncoming train after a mugger pushes him onto the tracks. He falls into a coma, and she accompanies him to the hospital, where a nurse overhears her musing aloud, "I was going to marry him." Misinterpreting her, the nurse tells his family that she is his fiancée. At first she is too caught up in the panic to explain the truth. She winds up keeping the secret for a number of reasons: she is embarrassed, Elsie  has a heart condition, and she quickly comes to love being a part of Peter\'s big and loving family. One night, thinking she\'s alone while visiting Peter, she confesses about her predicament. Unbeknownst to her, Saul  overhears the truth and later confronts her, but tells her he\'ll keep her secret, because the accident has brought the family closer. With no family and few friends, Lucy becomes so captivated with the quirky Callaghans and their unconditional love for her that she cannot bring herself to hurt them by revealing that Peter doesn\'t even know her. She spends a belated Christmas with them and then meets his younger brother Jack , who is supposed to take over his father\'s furniture business. He is suspicious of her at first, but he falls in love with her as they spend time together. They develop a close friendship and soon after she falls in love with him as well. After New Year\'s Eve, Peter wakes up. He has no memory of Lucy, but by this time his family has become so convinced of the engagement story that they assume he must have amnesia. She and Peter spend time together, but she has already fallen in love with Jack. Saul persuades Peter to propose to her "again", and she agrees despite her feelings for Jack. When he visits her the day before the wedding, she gives him a chance to change her mind, asking him if he can give her a reason not to marry Peter. He replies that he can\'t, leaving her disappointed. On the day of the wedding, just as the priest begins the ceremony, Lucy finally confesses everything and tells the family she is in love with Jack rather than Peter. Ashley Bartlett Bacon, Peter\'s real fiancée , also arrives to stop the wedding. As the family argues, Lucy slips out unnoticed, unsure of her future. Some time later, as Lucy collects tokens from passengers at the train station, Jack places an engagement ring in the token tray of her booth. With the entire Callaghan family watching, he walks into the toll booth and proposes to her. In the last scenes of the film, they kiss at the end of their wedding, then leave on a train for their honeymoon. She narrates that he fulfilled her dream of going to Florence, Italy, and explains that, when Peter asked when she fell in love with Jack, she replied, "it was while you were sleeping."'] [' Kenny Dantley  is a car-loving Southern California high school senior. For a project in his shop class, Kenny helps build a customized Chevrolet Corvette Stingray with right-hand-drive. Shortly after the new set of wheels is unveiled, the car is stolen from the streets of Van Nuys. Kenny immediately sets out on the trail of the thieves, which takes him to Las Vegas. On the way, he meets Vanessa  who is a self-described "prostitute-in-training." Kenny finds work in a Vegas gas station, and one day spots his car. He follows it to a local garage, where he has a run-in with the garage owner, Wayne Lowry , before being rescued by Vanessa. Lowry contacts Kenny’s high school teacher, Ed McGrath , and McGrath then comes to Las Vegas. During a conversation with McGrath, Kenny is crushed to learn that this admired teacher of his had arranged for the theft of the Corvette to help himself out of financial trouble. When McGrath suggests Kenny go to work for Lowry, Kenny agrees to it. He will make good money, but secretly plans to steal the Corvette back from Lowry, Eventually, Kenny completes his plans, steals the car back, saves Vanessa from her life of prostitution, wins a wild car chase, and returns in triumph with the Corvette – and Vanessa – to his old high school.'] ['Georgia Byrd , an employee in the cookware department at Kragen\'s Department Store in New Orleans, is a shy, unassuming woman who longs to cook professionally, and who records her dreams of a better life in a journal labeled "Possibilities." It is the Christmas holiday season. While flirting with a co-worker Sean Williams , she bumps her head on a cabinet door and is taken to the store\'s health center for a CAT scan. There she is told by company physician Dr. Gupta  she has several brain tumors resulting from a rare neurological disorder called Lampington\'s Disease. Since her HMO plan will not cover the exorbitant cost of an operation, Georgia resigns herself to the fact she has only a few weeks to live, quits her job, liquidates her assets, and sets off on a dream vacation at the deluxe Grandhotel Pupp in the spa city of Karlovy Vary in the Czech Republic. Free of inhibitions and determined to live life to the fullest, Georgia checks into the Presidential Suite, buys a designer wardrobe in expensive boutiques, makes extensive use of the hotel\'s spa facilities, attempts snowboarding and base jumping off of a dam, enjoys succulent meals prepared by world-renowned Chef Didier , and wins a small fortune playing roulette in the casino. She impresses the hotel\'s staff, with the exception of cantankerous guest services manager Miss Gunther , with her naive manner and forthright kindness, and mingles with some of the other guests, including Matthew Kragen , a self-help guru and coincidentally the owner of the store where she works; his assistant/mistress Ms. Burns ; pandering Senator Dillings  from her home state of Louisiana; and prominent Congressman Stewart . Kragen is skeptical about Georgia\'s origins and suspects her of trying to sabotage his business, but the rest are charmed by her free spirit. When Kragen bribes Miss Gunther to dig up information about Georgia\'s background, she finds a letter Georgia has written providing instructions for the disposal of her remains after her death. Miss Gunther is moved by the letter and realizes Georgia\'s self-confidence and sunny optimism have touched everyone who has met her since her arrival. She confesses to Georgia she found the letter and urges her to return home and spend her last days with those she loves. Georgia takes Miss Gunther\'s advice and heads for the airport, only to discover an avalanche has blocked the road. Unbeknownst to her, Sean - having learned of her diagnosis and ready to acknowledge his feelings for her - is in a taxi on the other side of the snowdrift, trying to reach her at the hotel. Georgia returns to the hotel, and Sean starts across the snow on foot. At a New Year\'s Eve party that evening, Kragen exposes Georgia as a saleswoman in one of his stores. Georgia tells them that Kragen is right and reveals that she\'s going to die. Kragen\'s colleagues, disgusted by Kragen\'s insensitivity, embrace her and abandon him. Dejected and embarrassed, Kragen goes up to an upper floor of the hotel and sits on the ledge contemplating suicide. Georgia tries to persuade him to come down, suggesting if he were nicer and less driven and greedy, he would be a happier person. Sean arrives at the hotel and joins Georgia and Kragen on the ledge. In the lobby, Miss Gunther finds a fax from Dr. Gupta, in which he tells Georgia she was misdiagnosed due to X-rays generated by a broken, outdated CAT scanner. Miss Gunther rushes up to the ledge to announce the good news. Georgia and Sean return to New Orleans to get married and open a restaurant, where they are visited by Chef Didier and Georgia\'s long-time inspiration, Emeril Lagasse.'] ['In 1936 London, mature showgirl Julia Packett  leads a precarious life. She pretends to be contemplating suicide in order to finagle some money out of a male friend in order to pay her bills. Then, she receives a wedding invitation from her daughter Susan . As a young woman, Julia had married wealthy William Packett . However, after fourteen months of marriage, his disapproving mother  had managed to break them up. Julia returned to show business, but left her infant daughter with her husband, so that the child could be raised in more secure circumstances. On the boat trip to France, she meets and becomes attracted to Fred Ghenoccio , a muscular acrobat. Later, Fred proposes to her as her train pulls away from the station. When Julia reaches her destination, she is penniless, so following her usual methods, she gets a stranger, Colonel Willowbrook , to give her money, supposedly for a negligee and other clothing. However, she sneaks away before Willowbrook tries to become better acquainted with her. Her mother-in-law is less than pleased to see her, but Julia manages to see Susan, who insists she stay. As time goes by, William\'s love for Julia revives. Meanwhile, Julia observes that Susan has strong feelings about lovestruck painter Ritchie Lorgan , though he is not her fiancé. Though Susan claims to be merely annoyed, Julia sees that Susan loves the young man and does her best to bring the two together. It works. Meanwhile, Julia remains skeptical of William\'s restored love, unable to forget the past. Complications arise when Fred shows up to claim his "fiancée". However, when William encounters his old friend, Colonel Willowbrook, he learns of Julia\'s misdeed. William persuades his friend to pretend to not know him and interrupt their breakfast. The revelation of Julia\'s questionable method of raising funds sends Fred packing. Eventually, Susan takes Julia\'s suggestion and elopes with Ritchie. When William chases after them, followed by Julia, they discover they have been tricked into going to the wrong place. Following Susan\'s instructions, servants drive away their cars, leaving them stranded for 48 hours in their isolated honeymoon cabin. Julia tries to walk away in a rainstorm, but ends up in the mud. When William comes to her rescue, he ends up sprawled in the muck as well, leaving them both laughing at their predicament.'] [' The film follows Charlyne as she embarks on a quest across America to make a documentary about a subject she does not understand: love. As she and her good friend  Nick search for answers and advice about love, Charlyne talks with friends, strangers, scientists, bikers, romance novelists, and children. They each offer diverse views on modern romance, as well as various answers to the age-old question: does true love really exist? Shortly after filming begins, Charlyne meets a boy after her own heart: Michael Cera. As their relationship develops on camera, her pursuit to discover the nature of love takes on a fresh new urgency.'] ['Tina  and Lea  have been best friends since they met in a concert of their idolized actress Vilma Santos. Suddenly, Lea decides to go to South Korea to find a better job. Years later, Tina gives birth to a boy while Lea gives birth to a girl. They name the two Lucky Boy and Lucky Girl to commemorate Vilma\'s son Luis "Lucky" Manzano. They then vowed to each other that their children will marry in the appropriate time. However, as Lucky Boy and Lucky Girl grow up, the children have started hating their mothers for ruining their childhoods after Tina and Lea arranged their parties with themes of Vilma Santos\' films. Years have passed and Lea, with Lucky Girl , goes back to the Philippines to live with her best friend. At the airport, Tina, with Lucky Boy , gets ready for her best friend\'s arrival by arranging a welcome home party. Lucky Girl and Lucky Boy, on the other hand, are not very excited to see each other. Lucky Girl leaves while her mother is watching a film, while Lucky Boy departs to go to his apartment. Meanwhile, Lea notices that she is the only passenger left on the plane and that Lucky Girl is missing. At a telephone booth, Lucky Girl and Lucky Boy meet each other, not knowing who the opposite is. Lucky Girl spots Lucky Boy wearing a pink SpongeBob SquarePants towel, which was one of her ideals for her soulmate. Lucky Girl continues to fall in love with Lucky Boy as they meet in spontaneous circumstances. In the meantime, Tina and Lea have gone crazy after looking everywhere for Lucky Girl. At his apartment, Lucky Boy lets Lucky Girl to stay at his house for the meantime; only to disagree after learning that her name is Lucky Girl. A flashback shows Lucky Girl  almost falling into a well after being hit by Lucky Boy . Lucky Boy says sorry, only to be kicked by Lucky Girl in his newly circumcised penis. At first, Lucky Boy refuses for Lucky Girl to stay, only to accept after Lucky Girl says she will do anything. This starts Lucky Boy taking the chance for revenge onto Lucky Girl. The next day, Tina and Lea investigate Lucky Boy\'s house. Lucky Boy\'s friend Thea  protects Lucky Boy and Lucky Girl\'s appearance to their mothers. Lucky Boy, on the other hand, tours Lucky Girl to her new apartment which is beside his apartment. Convinced, Tina and Lea return home to Tina\'s house. The next day, Lucky Girl is helped by Lucky Boy and his other friends Macoy  and Yammy  in decorating her apartment. At ABS-CBN, Lea and Tina interrupts a line after trying to sneak in front, causing a commotion. One of the persons involved in the trouble, Ralph , is comforted by the two. The two starts to fall in love with him, only until Cara  interrupts announcing that Vilma Santos is in the building. The three search for the actress, only to find look-alikes of the actress. While Lucky Boy, Macoy, and Jose  pulls a prank onto Lucky Girl, Lucky Girl mistakes Jose as Lucky Boy. That night, Lucky Girl tries to leave her apartment, only to be convinced by Lucky Boy to stay. She decides to call her mother, in which she said that they will meet at a bar tomorrow night. At the bar, Lea, Tina, and Ralph wait for Lucky Girl and Lucky Boy. The host announces a dance contest, wherein Lea and Tina decides to join it to impress Ralph. The duo\'s dance continues until they were only half-dressed, which was seen by their children. Lucky Girl, ashamed of her mother and learning that Lucky Boy was coming, decides to leave the bar. The next day, Lucky Boy asks Lucky Girl if she want to come at an amusement park. Lucky Girl reluctantly agrees. There, Lucky Boy starts to hallucinate, a sign that he was falling in love with Lucky Girl. That night, at her apartment, Lucky Girl finds Jose snooping into her stuff. She performs taekwondo on him, until Jose admits who is the real Lucky Boy. Upon learning this, Lucky GIrl plots revenge to Lucky Boy. One night, Lucky Boy asks Lucky Girl for a date. Lucky Girl gets mad at him for not admitting the truth. At the restaurant, Lea and Tina, with Ralph, sees their children fighting. They broke up the fight, only to end up fighting themselves. Weeks have passed and Lea and Tina still hate each other. While getting angry to her mother for idolizing Vilma Santos, Lucky Girl learns that her mother was abused by her father, and that attending Vilma\'s concerts is the only thing that made Lea happy. Lucky Girl, with Lucky Boy, Cara, Ralph, Yammy, Thea, Macoy, and Jose, plans to fix Lea and Tina\'s friendship by throwing a party for the two. Although this was unsuccessful, Cara explains to Lucky Boy and Lucky Girl that there is only one person who can fix the fight, that even Lea and Tina would not disagree. At Vilma\'s reunion concert, Lea  and Tina  sees their idol onstage. Vilma calls Lea and Tina, who she says are the real "lucky ones", and tries to fix their friendship. Lea and Tina reprises their friendship, while Lucky Boy and Lucky Girl kisses each other. The film ends with the cast dancing to Park\'s "Ang Ganda Ko" .'] ['Countess Helene Mara is engaged to be married to Prince Otto Von Liebenheim but leaves him at the altar. She flees on a train to Monte Carlo and checks into a hotel. When she arrives at the casino a count named Rudolph Falliere takes a liking to her and poses as a hairdresser whom she hires and falls in love with but could not marry if he is a commoner. Her fiance later arrives and takes her to an opera and she sees Rudolph there in one of the expensive seats indicating he is too wealthy to be a hairdresser. When he reveals to her that he is a count, she realises she can marry him.'] ['In Nantes, Gabriel meets Émilie. The two pass an evening together, and as they are about to part ways, Gabriel asks her for a kiss. She refuses, and explains by telling him a story: In Paris, her friend Judith, happily married, has a childhood friend, Nicolas, who she still sees regularly. One day, as a solution to his lack of physical affection, Nicolas asks Judith for a platonic kiss. She accepts, and subsequently what should have been a simple act between friends without consequences becomes complicated, and the situation quickly becomes out of control.'] ['Preetham is the only son of a wealthy but superstitious real estate dealer . His close friend is Venkatesh . After Preetham passes his P.U.C., his father\'s astrologers inform his father that for the continued peace of his household, Preetham must find a wife. To avoid the problem, Preetham and Venkatesh bribe an astrologer to tell Preetham\'s father of a very eligible girl in Sakaleshpura . Thus Preetham is able to escape to Sakleshpura, where he stays with an army colonel named Thammiah. It is here that he bumps into Anjali , who lives in the district nearby, and also into Sandhya , who is an independent girl and a man hater. Preetham also begins to receive many calls from Lucky, a little girl who dialed his number by mistake and became his "mobile friend". Preetham falls for Sandhya. Slowly Preetham becomes friends with Anjali, and in order to score brownie points with Sandhya, invents a story of Anjali being dumped by her childhood lover and being in a state of depression. Sandhya becomes friends with Preetham to help Anjali out of her so-called misery, and gradually the three become friends. Preetham begans to discover a number of qualities about Anjali and slowly finds out that how good she is. Gradually, Pretham falls in love with Anjali while Sandhya begins to like Preetham. When Anjali finds out about Preetham\'s love, she leaves Sakleshpura . Preetham leaves brokenhearted. Arriving in Bangalore, Preetham first discovers that Lucky has died of a heart attack and that he will never be able to see her again. Then he finds out from Anjali\'s doctor that Anjali is a cancer patient who is dying. Despite all this, he meets Anjali and convinces her that three minutes with a loved one is better than a hundred years with an unloved one, and Preetham and Anjali get together.'] ['This film is about Zach Baker  and his quest to go back through his past experiences with women so he will have the perfect date with his lifelong friend, Abbey . Abbey would be the thirteenth women he has gone out with and he hopes she will be "Lucky 13". The story revolves around Zach asking each woman what he did wrong in their relationship, so as to not make the same mistakes with Abbey. A recurring gag involves Zach throwing objects, representing his past affairs, into a lake. During the course of the film, Zach makes changes to his appearance and demeanor, trying to emulate the advice he gets from his past girl friends—most of which is contradictory. After much soul-searching, Zach decides to ask Abbey to marry him—a proposal that she turns down in order to move to New York City and pursue her dream of being an artist. In the end, Zach comes to realize that his life in the Mid-West is not so bad and he gains a new appreciation for his family and friends.'] ["For centuries, the Countess has collected a stable of young men and women who will accompany her on her journey through eternal night-and youth. While she is immortal, she is required to drink the blood of a young male virgin three times by Halloween each year in order to keep her youthful appearance - a task she finds extremely difficult since attractive young male virgins are almost impossible to find in the 1980s, particularly in hedonistic cities, e.g. in this case Los Angeles. Meanwhile, high school student Mark Kendall wants to have sex, but is being put off by his girlfriend Robin Pierce. One night, Mark and his best friends Jamie and Russ go into a singles bar in Hollywood. Mark meets the Countess and he goes back to her mansion, and after she seduces him, he passes out when she bites his thigh. When he wakes up, she pretends they have had sex and tells him that he is now hers. Mark does not realize what she really means, and over the next few days he begins showing strange behavior; having strange dreams, avoiding direct sunlight and even drinking blood . After the Countess gets a second bite, Robin notices Mark's odd behavior and confronts the Countess during a dance-off at the high school's Halloween dance. While it appears that Robin has won back Mark, this is only temporary. The Countess kidnaps Robin in order to lure Mark to her mansion for a final bite before her deadline expires, and it is up to Robin, Jamie and Russ to stop her. Eventually, in order to save Mark from the Countess's clutches, he and Robin have sex in a coffin while being chased by the Countess's minions, thereby taking Mark's virginity, bringing him back to normal. This renders him useless to the Countess as she has to drink virgin blood. Defeated, the Countess then begins to grow old and decrepit before their very eyes. The Countess' assistant, Sebastian, tells her not to worry as there are other virgins in the world despite the fact that the Countess doubts she will find another virgin. The movie ends with Mark and Robin continuing to have sex in the coffin."] ['Kwame Gatmon is a young man with a promising career as a music producer and a beautiful girlfriend, Yasmine. But Yasmine is tired of watching all of her girlfriends get married while she stands on the sidelines, and one day she gives Kwame an ultimatum—either he marries her in 30 days, or the relationship is over. Kwame is not sure what to do; while he loves Yasmine, he also likes his freedom. To top it off, he has not been getting much positive feedback from all of his friends who are married. He has been unwillingly placed at a major crossroad in his life, and now he has to choose between living the carefree lifestyle he has become accustomed to, or keeping the love of his life.'] ["Anita  is an American actress who decides to vacation in Rome. There, she becomes involved in a romance with her friend's married lover ."] ["After five years of marriage, chemical engineer Lorenzo Xavier Vega  tends to neglect his wife Susan  in favor of his work. When she wishes aloud that she had a more attentive spouse, her Guardian Angel -- coincidentally the mirror image of her favorite movie star  -- appears. He advises her to take a greater interest in Lorenzo's career, so she agrees to accompany him on a camping trip to test the revolutionary new insecticide he's developed.  Susan's dream of a second honeymoon turns into a nightmare when everything that possibly could go wrong does."] ['The film structure loosely follows that of the minuet: four "movements", which are announced by titles: two themes, a duet, and a set of variations. Unemployed aspiring writer Yau Muk-yan  moves into the apartment of Chan Kar-fu , a shy piano tuner. Both will soon fall in love with their new neighbor Mok Man-Yee .'] ['Two men, Kodaivannan and Kolaivannan, of a remote village decide to marry a rich girl. So village rivalries told to both kodaivannan and Kolaivannan, those who won a match, that person eligible to marry that girl. The ‘good’ hearted Kodaivannan’s team kidnaps the real cricketer, Sadagoppan Ramesh, while he was on his way to Thekkady. The Kolaivannan hires his coach from a greedy big shot from Chennai who eyes the big land of this village for his business. Now, the teams have one more reason to fight against each other, the ‘bad’ Kolaivannan winning the wealth for his Chennai man, and the ‘good’ Kodaivannan winning the game to save their village. In the climax, the ‘good’ Kodaivannan wons the match and save their village. In between, the coach Sadagoppan Ramesh falls in love with that girl.'] ["Vishnu , a restless young man, itches to escape his father's faltering hair oil business. An old truck beckons, which, Vishnu sees as his ticket to freedom. He offers to drive the 1942 Chevy across the desert to the sea, where it has been sold to a local museum. As he sets off across the harsh terrain of desert India, he discovers he's not merely transporting a battered vehicle but an old touring cinema. Along the way, Vishnu reluctantly picks up a young runaway , a wandering old entertainer  and a striking gypsy woman . Together they roam in the barren land, searching for water and an elusive fair. The journey turns dire when they are waylaid by corrupt cops and a notorious water lord. The key to their freedom is the eccentric collection of films and the two forty-year-old film projectors in the back of the truck. As in '1001 Nights', if the films are good, they live and move on. If the films are boring, they face death in the outback. The journey proves transformative for each of the travelers, but especially for Vishnu who discovers life, love and laughter on the Indian highway."] ['Act 1. Gilberte Valandray  is the socialite wife of rich Parisian businessman Georges Valandray  from whom she has concealed a previous but unvalidated marriage in America, being aware of her husband\'s belief in the indissolubility of a relationship based on a first sexual experience. Only her spinster sister Arlette  knows the secret. Secure in her husband\'s confidence in her, Gilberte now encourages a circle of amorous admirers, as flirts but nothing more, including Faradel , a middle-aged dilettante, and Charley , a young avant-garde artist who is also pursued by Gilberte\'s young friend Huguette . Gilberte is then aghast to discover that her husband has invited to dinner an American, Eric Thomson , with whom he is about to sign a deal, and who is none other than her first husband. With embarrassment Gilberte appeals to the truculent Eric to preserve her secret. Act 2. Ten days later, at a soirée at the Valandrays\' house, preparations are in hand for a performance of Charley\'s new play "Âmes primitives", set in Mexico. Eric is considering whether to renew his marital claims upon Gilberte, who seeks to deter him by demonstrating that Charley is her lover. Faradel offers the use of his bachelor flat to Charley who invites Huguette there - and Gilberte. Meanwhile Eric, who is about to take over the lease of the same flat himself, gives the address to Georges. Act 3. The following afternoon, all the characters arrive under different pretexts at Faradel\'s bachelor flat, to the bemusement of the concierge Madame Foin . Just as Georges thinks he has discovered his wife\'s secret, Arlette declares that it was she who was Eric\'s first wife and now they are reconciled - and Eric upholds the lie, delightedly overcoming his longstanding horror of being kissed on the lips. Meanwhile Charley has been happily seduced by Huguette, and Georges and Gilberte are restored to peace of mind.'] ['Two young men in white shirts are riding the streets of Nacogdoches, Texas on bicycles when they are hit by an old, pickup truck. The old man  driving takes the stunned young men home to his house where he will check to see if they are hurt. While they are in the house, the two sons &mdash; Elliot  and Eugene  Buddles &mdash; strike up a conversation with them. The two young men turn out to be selling pesticides. One of the men is from New Jersey, and the other &mdash; Nate Harris &mdash; is from Paradise Valley, Idaho. Nate from Idaho starts talking about his family and produces pictures. As soon as Elliot sees the photo of Natalie  he decides that he must go to meet her. In the morning, Elliot convinces Eugene to drive them to Idaho. When Eugene asks how far it is, Elliot tells him, "two or three hours, tops," knowing that it is much further. When they get to Paradise Valley, they look up the Harris family in the local phone book. Elliot decides that they are going to pretend to be the exchange students from Eastern Europe that were coming this summer but had cancelled. Elliot and Eugene end up being called Gustav and Gayzah, respectively, brothers from Hungary. The family welcomes them in to their lives, but Natalie is away until Thursday. Once, Natalie does come home, Elliot is even more struck with her than before. Natalie gets the two brothers involved with her friends, and Eugene falls for Cindy Rae Stoddard . But Cindy is wants to date Paul Hamilton. Paul only asked Cindy out so that he could find a way to ask out Cindy\'s roommate, Pam . So Paul arranges a double-date with the two roommates and his brother Doogie . But when Paul admits to Cindy his feelings for Pam, Cindy arranges to leave the restaurant with Doogie so that Paul and Pam can get to know each other. Paul and Pam don\'t hit it off, but Cindy is all out for Doogie. While Elliot is spending time with Natalie, Eugene wants to date Cindy. So he convinces Pam to teach him how to become the type of person that Cindy would like. In a conversation with Elliot, Eugene admits that he has feelings for Pam. Elliot is thinking about telling Natalie who they really are. However, Pam overhears the wrong part of the conversation and thinks that Eugene doesn\'t like her. Cindy manages to convince Doogie to take a large and valuable ring  from a safety-deposit box. While he is taking the ring to Cindy, Paul comes by so Doogie throws the ring in the back of a parked pickup truck. The truck happens to be Eugene\'s which they drive off in before Paul can retrieve the ring. Doogie does find the truck again, after it is parked again, and drives off in it himself. Elliott and Eugene are able to follow the truck closely enough to hide close by while Paul is giving Cindy the ring. While Paul isn\'t looking, Cindy switches the ring with a fake. Shortly thereafter, the police arrive, having been called by Cindy. Elliot and Eugene reveal themselves and explain that Cindy put the real ring in her purse. The police search her purse and find the real ring. Paul, Cindy, Elliot and Eugene are all taken into custody. They wait in the police station while things are sorted out. The Harris family comes to the police station to retrieve Elliot and Eugene. Cindy, in custody, passes by and says, "It looks like I\'m not the only on who\'s not what he appears to be." At this time, Elliot decides that they must reveal who they really are. Elliot and Eugene remain in town until the trial is over. It turns out that Cindy works for the insurance company holding the policy on the ring. She had all of the details so she had a fake ring made. It didn\'t matter to her which brother she got to get the actual ring. She was planning on switching the ring, having it found out as a fake, the Hamilton brothers would be arrested for fraud and she would have the actual ring. Paul was convicted of stealing the ring  and received a sentence of six months of probation. Cindy was convicted of receiving stolen property and received a sentence of two years in prison. Elliot and Eugene each decide to find work so that they can stay in town. Natalie and Pam also decide to forgive the respective brothers and continue their relationships.'] ["Jimeoin, in the title role, plays a man obsessed with becoming famous. He is passionate about being a celebrity, but unfortunately he just isn't very talented. After trying to secure roles in myriad productions he finally finds employment as an extra, and what follows is his misadventures as he becomes involved with shady business men, producers and mobsters, all of whom are fixated with show business."] ['Steve Case  has to deal with trouble at his tropical fruit company\'s Central American banana plantation. A revolutionary, Rosario La Mata , is stirring up unrest among the workers, and the only man who can handle the situation, foreman Nick Butler , has just quit. Steve manages to persuade Nick to stick around . Adding to the complications is Lee Donley , a woman whom Steve has ordered out of the region for causing a different kind of trouble among the men. The film borrowed plot elements from \'The Front Page\' and \'Red Dust\'. And ended with Cagney saying to Sheridan "You and that 14-carat oomph", a studio \'in-joke\' in reference to Sheridan\'s title as the \'Oomph Girl\'.'] [" In one long Friday evening, Takeshi Miyata , a straight-arrow businessman, will encounter a number of people  who have intertwining fates. The plot of the film is presented in succession first from the point of view of Maki Kuwata , a young woman disappointed in love, then from Takeshi's point of view, then of his friend, Yusuke Kanda , a private detective, then of Takeshi's former girlfriend, Ayumi Kurata , then of a wannabe-tough Yakuza, Asai ."] ['Robert L. Talbot , an American millionaire, arrives early for his annual vacation at his luxurious Italian villa. His long-time girlfriend Lisa  has given up waiting for him to "pop the question," and has decided to marry another man. Meanwhile, his sneaky major domo Maurice  secretly misappropriates the villa as a hotel while Talbot is away. The current guests of the "hotel" are a group of young American girls trying to fend off a gang of oversexed boys, led by Tony .'] ['Roy "Tin Cup" McAvoy  is a former golf prodigy who has little ambition. He owns a driving range in West Texas, where he drinks and hangs out with his pal Romeo Posar  and their friends. Dr. Molly Griswold , a clinical psychologist, wants a golf lesson. She asks Roy because he knows her boyfriend David Simms , a top professional golfer. Roy is immediately attracted, but she sees through his charm and resists. Simms shows up at Roy\'s trailer ahead of a local benefit tournament. Roy thinks Simms is offering him an invitational spot to play, but Simms actually wants to hire him as a caddy . During the round, Roy needles Simms about "laying up" instead of having the nerve to go for the green, 230 yards away over a water hazard. Simms fires back that Roy\'s problem is playing recklessly instead of playing the percentages. Roy brags that he could make it, and spectators make bets among themselves that Roy could. Simms warns Roy that he\'ll fire him if he tries, but Roy does anyway, making a brilliant shot. To get even, Roy decides to try to qualify for the U.S. Open. He also makes a play for Molly, seeking her professional help. Molly agrees to help Roy rebuild his self-confidence in exchange for the golf lessons. In two qualifying rounds, with Romeo as caddy, Roy\'s golf is excellent but his head needs help. He continues to resist playing safely, smashing most of his clubs  in a snit that causes Romeo to quit, but still manages to qualify. Following the round, he makes a wager with Simms that costs him his car. He persuades Romeo to go along as caddy, but develops a problem with his golf swing. On the first day of the tournament in North Carolina he shoots a horrible 83. Meanwhile, Molly gets a glimpse of Simms\' unpleasant side when he arrogantly refuses to give a child an autograph. Molly sees that trying to change Roy is a mistake and encourages him to be himself. At her suggestion, Roy wins another silly wager with Simms, the leader after the first round. Then with renewed confidence, "Tin Cup," a nobody from nowhere, shocks the golf world with a remarkable record second round of 62, making the cut. His third round is also excellent and moves him into contention. His flaw, though, is that on all three rounds, he refused to lay up on the par-5 18th hole, hitting the ball into the pond. On the last day, Roy, Simms and real-life PGA Tour pro Peter Jacobsen  are in a three-way battle to be the Open\'s Champion. Jacobsen finishes with a par on 18, tied for the lead with Roy and one shot ahead of Simms. Simms yet again lays up at the 18th hole, playing it safe. Roy should do likewise, but over Romeo\'s objections and urged by Molly to "go for it," he takes his fateful shot which finally carries the green. However, a "little gust from the Gods" causes his ball to roll back into the pond. Reminiscent of his blow-up back in college when he failed to qualify for the Tour, Roy tries to hit the same shot repeatedly, with the same heart-breaking result. With one last ball in his bag, Roy risks not only being humiliated but being disqualified , but still goes for the green. On his 12th shot, the ball clears the water and slowly rolls into the hole. After a wild celebration, Roy finally realizes what he has done and feels ashamed of himself, but Molly assures him. "Five years from now nobody will remember who won or lost, but they\'re gonna remember your 12!" Now back in Texas, Molly tells Roy that by finishing in the top 15 at the Open he automatically qualifies to play again next year. She further suggests that he go back to the qualifying school so he can get on the Tour. Molly, who picked up a bunch of new clients at the tournament, prepares for a career of helping players with the mental portion of the game. They kiss passionately as the movie ends. The movie features cameos by PGA pros Gary McCord, Phil Mickelson, Craig Stadler, Johnny Miller, Lee Janzen and Billy Mayfair, as well as TV golf broadcasters Jim Nantz, Ken Venturi and Frank Chirkinian, all playing themselves.'] ["A week from the end of high school, Andy is keenly anticipating his graduation, but is putting more effort into running the various student committees - most of which he chairs - than studying for his examinations. On his father's advice, he attempts to offload some of the work, and asks Kathryn Land  to be his private secretary, much to the chagrin of his steady girlfriend Polly Benedict . Kathryn's brother Harry  takes on the task of designing decorations for the graduation ceremony. The father, a down-on-his-luck international travel expert, is helped by Judge Hardy's connections in the US State Department to find a better job. Andy is devastated when he miserably fails his English examination, which means he cannot graduate. He admits his failure to the class and resigns from all committee work. Andy's attempt to help his friends attend commencement results in another disaster — the father's job offer is rescinded. But his friends persuade the school principal that the school rules allow him to retake the exam, given his high quality work during the past year. He passes - but only just. All ends well, of course. Andy graduates and is given a new car by his father; Kathryn sings at the ceremony, Harry wins the Governor's Prize and is offered a job, and their impoverished father Steven Land ([[Ian Hunter  gets a job as a court interpreter."] ['{{plot}} Darryl Walker  is a clumsy nerdy repairman, who is a genius. Darrel had a pure heart and an optimstic Pollyannish personality. He is childishly naive to the realities of living in an inner city neighborhood. The area suffers from political corruption and the police are on strike. It takes the murder of his grandmother, an avid supporter of Alderman Marvin Harris\' anti corruption campaign for Mayor, by members of mobster Michael Minelli to awaken him to the realities of his city\'s urban decay. He expresses his frustrations by intervening in a situation and boldly saving an elderly transit passenger from being mugged, and by ranting about the general corruptible state that the city has become. Darryl was so pure and shielded from reality presumably because of his interest in inventing, that he does not even realize that there is a "crackhouse in front of our flat". He tries to storm into it unarmed and rebuke the gang members, oblivious to the hazardous stupidity of doing so. Awareness to the city\'s issues inspires Darryl to become Blankman. He uses his technical expertise to create weapons and gadgets. His brother Kevin, a tabloid news cameraman, goes along with this fantasy believing that it\'s Darryl\'s way to cope with the murder of his grandmother. He demands an audience with the police commissioner, but the police are not impressed with his actions, ridicule him, and arrest him for disturbing the peace. Darryl is released on orders to see a shrink. The shrink calls Darryl normal, but a geek, infuriating Kevin, who the shrink then attempts to psychoanalyze. After Darryl is nearly killed trying to protect a citizen on the street, Kevin tries to get him to tone his activities down, advising him to start a neighborhood watch. After he delivers a woman\'s baby in an elevator, he is asked for his name. Darryl just stares, and Kevin replies, "He\'s gone blank, ma\'am." Both the lady and the reporters interpret this as a name: Blankman. Over time he protects various other people in the community, building up a reputation and inspiring both the town and other real life superheroes. Kevin, hoping to win the affections of Kimberly Jonz, a reporter at his TV station, begs Darryl to allow her to interview him. He relents, on the condition that she wear a carnation. He brings her to his secret hideout, an abandoned subway station, and they talk about how he took up his duties to memorialize his grandmother and prevent crime. Impressed by his heroics and modesty, Kimberly immediately falls in love with Darryl and she kisses him causing him to have an erection. Mayor Harris, who refused Minelli\'s attempts at bribery, attempts to bring in outside money to pay the IOUs the city has been giving its workers. He also asks that Blankman be there to protect the people and receive a special award. As the money is released, Minelli\'s henchmen storm the bank and take the mayor hostage, threatening to detonate explosives. At the police chief\'s request and the crowd\'s chants, Blankman attempts to save the mayor, but is unable to disarm all the bombs. He reveals his identity to the mayor and tells him of his grandmother\'s support for the mayor. Mayor Harris wishes him well, warning him to run and says he will tell Mrs. Walker about Darryl. Blankman runs out screaming as the bank explodes. The crowd, seeing his failure, turn on him, chasing him down the street. Darryl then gives up his heroic works for a normal life, getting a job at a McDonald\'s. Wanting a great story Kevin\'s boss Jason Stone, a tabloid news junkie, manages to contact Minelli and trades knowledge of Blankman\'s love for Kimberly in exchange for an exclusive interview. In the midst of doing research on Minelli and Darryl\'s grandmother\'s death, Kimberly calls Kevin with the news. As Kevin answers, Minelli takes Kimberly hostage. Minelli issues a verbal threat to Kevin , telling him he will kill Kimberly if Blankman does not show up. Kevin rushes to Darryl\'s workplace with the news, but Darryl refuses to help wanting a normal life. Kevin finally convinces him with the news that Minelli had their grandmother killed and that he will wear the costume Darryl designed for him. The two rush to Darryl\'s underground lair where he again turns into Blankman. Kevin becomes his new sidekick but without a name. He just goes by "Other Guy". The two heroes then rush to the TV station. After shooting the reporter interviewing him, Minelli becomes fed up. While threatening Stone, Blankman and Other Guy crash through the window and attempt a rescue. The two engage in a fight with Minelli\'s goons, losing. They are placed in a water tank and left to slowly drown. Stone and Kimberly are chained to desks and left to die as Minelli has hidden bombs in the building. At this point, Blankman calls in J-5, his robot assistant, to save them. J-5 drills a hole in the tank and the pair kick their way to freedom at the last minute. The duo then search for the bombs, finding them in a women\'s bathroom. Activating J-5\'s "bomb disposal mode," Blankman stuffs the explosives inside and frees Kimberly. Stone is left behind, a joke Other Guy wants to play on his boss. Once outside, the explosives detonate, destroying J-5. Distraught, Blankman swears revenge. Tracking Minelli to his hideout in a factory, the two prepare for the final battle. Other Guy, however, is overconfident and is wounded because his costume is not bulletproof like Darryl\'s. Blankman then defeats Minelli\'s goons with his electric "newchucks" . Just when Minelli is about to kill Other Guy, Blankman activates his jet-powered roller blades and captures Minelli and delivers him to the police. Blankman is once again acknowledged as a hero  by the people, receiving the Mayor Harris Award for outstanding community service at a ceremony in their honor. Other Guy receives a Blankman t-shirt . After the ceremony, Kevin introduces Kimberly to "Darryl." The two make light conversation until Kimberly pretends to see a purse snatcher, putting Darryl on alert. Kimberly then reveals she knows that they are Blankman and Other Guy, and she kisses Darryl to prove it. Darryl falls to the ground after getting the same embarrassing reaction he had the first time while Kevin and Kimberly laugh at him. The film ends with a shot of a banner that reads "We Love You Blankman...and the Other Guy".'] ["Robert Cole  is a Hollywood film editor right in the middle of cutting a new science fiction film with George Kennedy. His relationship with very patient bank executive Mary Harvard  is caught between undying devotion and endless agony. It's all because selfish Robert is a bit of a self-involved neurotic who can't quite decide if their relationship is meant to be, mainly because he's not sure if she's the one or there's someone else. Robert breaks off their relationship only to find that modern romance isn't as easy as it seems, and the people you love might be the ones you constantly hurt the most. He and Mary end up driving to a cabin in Idyllwild, California, where intense jealousy causes Robert to alternately accuse and annoy Mary and propose marriage to her."] ["The key subplot is the drab uniformity of Brezhnev era public architecture. This is made explicit in a humorous animated prologue, in which architects are overruled by politicians and red tape. This results in the entire planet being polluted with identical, unimaginative multistory apartment buildings, called Brezhnevki, of the sort that can, in fact, be found in every city, town, and suburb across the former Soviet Union. These buildings are uniform right down to the door key of each apartment. The rest of the film is live-action. Following their annual tradition, a group of friends meet at a banya  in Moscow to celebrate New Year's Eve . The friends all get very drunk toasting the upcoming marriage of the central male character, Zhenya Lukashin  to Galya . After the bath, one of the friends, Pavlik , has to catch a plane to Leningrad; Zhenya, on the other hand, is supposed to go home to celebrate New Year's Eve with his fiancée. Both Zhenya and Pavlik pass out. The others cannot remember which of their unconscious friends is supposed to be catching the plane; eventually they mistakenly decide that it is Zhenya and put him on a plane instead of Pavlik. On the plane, he collapses onto the shoulder of his annoyed seatmate, played by the director himself  in a brief comedic cameo appearance. The seatmate helps Zhenya get off the plane in Leningrad. He wakes up in Leningrad airport, believing he is still in Moscow. He stumbles into a taxi and, still quite drunk, gives the driver his address. It turns out that in Leningrad there is a street with the same name , with a building at his address which looks exactly like Zhenya's. The key fits in the door of the apartment with the same number . Inside, even the furniture and layout of the apartment is nearly identical to that of Zhenya's apartment. Zhenya is too drunk to notice the differences, and goes to sleep. Later, the real tenant, Nadya Shevelyova , arrives home to find a strange man sleeping in her bed. To make matters worse, Nadya’s fiancé, Ippolit ([[Yuriy Yakovlev , arrives before Nadya can convince Zhenya to get up and leave. Ippolit becomes furious, refuses to believe Zhenya and Nadya's explanations, and storms out. Zhenya desperately tries to get back to Moscow, and Nadya herself wants to get rid of him as soon as possible, but unfortunately there are no flights to Moscow until the next morning. Thus the two are compelled to spend New Year's Eve together. At first they continue to treat each other with animosity, but gradually their behavior softens and the two fall in love. Comedic moments punctuated by unexpected guests, the repeated returns of the jealous Ippolit, the buzzing of the doorbell, and the ringing of the phone are interwoven with the slowly developing love story. In the morning, they feel that everything that has happened to them was a delusion, and they make the difficult decision to part. With a heavy heart, Zhenya returns to Moscow. Meanwhile Nadya reconsiders everything and, deciding that she might have let her chance at happiness slip away, takes a plane to Moscow following Zhenya, easily finding him in Moscow, since their addresses are the same."] ['Patricia Foster  is an industrial designer who gets herself in trouble when she sells a secret cosmetics formula to a rival company in Paris. Christopher White , a counterspy in the cosmetics industry, falls in love with her.'] ["A man  who runs an alibi agency, a service for adulterous husbands and wives that provides airtight alibis, runs into trouble with his latest client. In order to remedy the problem, he has to rely on a very enticing woman , his assistant/partner. The plot thickens when he switches identities with one of his clients  for a weekend, and the client's girlfriend dies in an accident. With the police, an assassin, and a jealous ex-boyfriend to run from, he discovers that he will need all the ingenuity he can muster to survive."] ['The film opens with a young woman tearfully leaving her son  to live with his grandmother. She promises to come back for her boy. Several years later, in 1753, in Venice, Casanova , is notorious for his success and promiscuity with women, his adventures being represented in puppet theatres around the city. The Doge, the ruler of the city, is sympathetic to Casanova, but cannot be too lenient to avoid trouble with the church. He warns Casanova that he must soon marry or he will be exiled from the city.The actual Doge at the time when the plot takes place was Francesco Loredan. Casanova is falling in love with Francesca , who writes illegal feminist books under the name of a man, Bernardo Guardi, and argues for women\'s rights as Dr. Giordano de Padua. Her mother  pushes her to marry Paprizzio , a rich man from Genoa whom she has never seen. When Paprizzio arrives in Venice, Casanova lies to him and says that the hotel he booked is closed and he persuades him to stay at his house. Casanova also lies and says that his nom de plume is Bernardo Guardi. While Paprizzio, preparing to visit Francesca, stays at Casanova\'s house, Casanova visits Francesca, pretending to be Paprizzio.  During the Venetian Carnival, Casanova confesses his true identity to Francesca, which makes her angry. Casanova is arrested by the Venetian Inquisition for crimes against sexual morality, such as debauchery, heresy, and fornication with a novice. He saves Francesca by pretending to be Bernardo Guardi, which impresses her very much. At his trial, Francesca reveals that it is in fact she who is Bernardo Guardi, and both are sentenced to death. Just as Casanova and Francesca are about to be hanged in the Piazza San Marco, they are saved by an announcement that the Pope gave amnesty to all prisoners who were to be executed on that day, as it was the Pope\'s birthday. It is later discovered that the "Cardinal" who gave the announcement was actually an impostor who happens to be Casanova\'s stepfather, wedded to his long-lost mother who came back for him just as she promised when Casanova was a child. As they all escape on Paprizzio\'s boat, Francesca\'s brother, Giovanni , stays behind to continue Casanova\'s legendary womanizing.'] [" The plot of Chori Chori is similar to the Hollywood movie HouseSitter. Khushi  is a careless worker always conning her boss and making excuses to not do her duty. She meets Ranbir Malhotra  and learns that the home he plans to build for his love is now a dream unfulfilled. After being dispelled from her job, she locates the bungalow and moves in, informing everyone that she is Ranbir's fiancée. There she meets Ranbir's family and Pooja , Ranbir's love.  When Ranbir returns, at first he is outraged at Khushi's intrusion in his life but then decides to play along with her to make Pooja jealous and fall in love with him. Khushi and Ranbir end up falling in love. However, Khushi's close encounter with reality and Ranbir's old commitments hold them back for a long time before they finally listen to their hearts."] ['Jean , a waiter at a luxury hotel, pretends to be a millionaire and awakens the interest of Irène , a gold digger who convinces wealthy men to pay her bills. Irene\'s elderly lover gets drunk and falls asleep on her birthday, so she goes to the bar in the hotel where she and Jean meet. After making her impressive cocktails, he takes her up to the hotel\'s imperial suite where they spend the night. A year later Irène returns to her hotel with Jacques, who asks her to marry him. Later that day Jean and Irène sleep together again but Jacques sees them and breaks off the engagement. Irène returns to Jean pretending she gave up Jacques to be with him, but they are discovered in the imperial suite. When Irène discovers who Jean really is, she escapes. However, Jean is in love and follows her, finding her at Côte d\'Azur. Pursuing her, he spends all the money to his name to pay for her presence, including his savings and pension plan, until he uses his final euro for "10 more seconds". When she leaves him for richer men and he is left with a hotel bill he can\'t pay, he is picked up by a wealthy widow and assumes the lifestyle of the one he pursues. Now that they are "equals", Irène teaches Jean the tricks of gold-digging and he soon wheedles a €30,000 watch from his wealthy sponsor Madeleine, because he sulked after she forced him to have plastic surgery on his ear. Paying hard to get, Jean continues to prove himself a skillful gold digger when Madeleine later gives him a scooter. Jean and Irène steal away from their sponsors at every chance they get, getting designer clothes and fancy food, until, on the morning of Irene\'s departure to Venice with her lover Gilles, he catches Irène and Jean kissing on the hotel room balcony. Furious, Gilles leaves Irene with nothing but a sarong and the swim suit she is wearing. Jean sells his watch to buy Irene a week\'s stay in their hotel and a gorgeous evening gown. He also gives her an invitation to a party which they both attend. Jean\'s patron Madeleine is at first furious with Jean for selling his watch, but calms down and is pleased when Jean gives her a beautiful pair of earrings he had also bought with the money. At the party that evening, Irène sees Jacques again, but finds out he has new young girlfriend, Agnès. Whilst stealing a dance with Jean, Irène hatches a plan to win Jacques back again with Jean\'s connivance. Even though Madeleine dumps Jean, he pretends to be a wealthy prince and seduce Agnès, taking her up to his room across from where Irène is sitting, talking to Jacques. However, when Irène first sees Jean with Agnès on the balcony she realizes she loves Jean. She runs away from Jacques to Jean\'s room, abandoning her last chance with Jacques and a glamorous lifestyle, and declares her feelings for Jean. The movie ends with Irène and Jean riding off to Italy on his scooter, using the euro coin for the toll fee.'] ['The fictional European microstate of Lampidorra has "no taxes, no quotas, no tariffs, no forms to fill in". Its two thousand residents make their money from the national  profession of smuggling to and from its neighbors: France, Italy, and Switzerland. However, the country falls on hard times and becomes bankrupt. Like the later The Mouse that Roared, the small state seeks the financial support of the United States p. 60 Geraghty, Christine British Cinema in the Fifties: Gender, Genre and "the New Look" 2000 Routledge in the guise of a rich American who buys the whole country for $100,000. When he dies shortly afterward, Lampidorra is inherited by his distant relative, Lindy Smith , a Macys shopgirl. On the way to her new realm, Lindy meets Tony Craig , an inexperienced British salesman trying to sell cheese to the Swiss. When she arrives in Lampidorra, Lindy is met by the ruling triumvirate: the Chancellor , who is a cobbler, the Burgomeister , who is a policeman, and the Minister of Finance , who is a blacksmith. As her first royal decree, she outlaws smuggling. However, this exacerbates the financial crisis, as her inheritance will be tied up for at least six months by legalities. By chance, teetotaler Lindy gets a bit tipsy when she samples Lampidorran "schneese", a cheese made with Schnapps. She decides it would make a terrific export and has Tony brought to her to help market it. The alcoholic cheese is a sensation, but the other European nations soon respond to the threat to their own cheese industries by imposing tariffs. Lampidorra turns to its traditional smuggling expertise to avoid paying them. Tony falls in love with Lindy and proposes, but an intercepted telegram from his employer leads Lindy to wrongly suspect he is just after the secret recipe for schneese. The misunderstanding is eventually cleared up. In the end, Lindy finally receives her full inheritance, allowing her to bail out her subjects and depart with Tony.'] ['The plot of the movie is based on Austen′s novel Pride and Prejudice. Some character names remain the same, while others are changed slightly, using localized names with similar pronunciation . Set in Amritsar, the story follows Lalita Bakshi, a young woman living with her doting father and helping him run the family farming enterprise; her mother, who is determined to marry off her daughters to respectable and wealthy men; and her three sisters, Jaya, Maya, and Lakhi. At a friend\'s wedding, Lalita meets Will Darcy, a handsome and wealthy American working in the family hotel business, who has arrived in Amritsar with his long-time friend, the barrister Balraj, and Balraj\'s sister Kiran. Events in the movie roughly parallel those in the novel, punctuated by "Bollywood" style song and dance numbers: Darcy resists his attraction to Lalita, who considers him conceited, arrogant, and intolerant toward India and Indian culture. At various parties and gatherings, Mrs Bakshi\'s mindless chatter, Maya\'s kitschy dancing, and Lakhi\'s uninhibited flirting astonish Darcy and his friends, and mortify Jaya and Lalita. Balraj and Jaya fall quickly in love, but misunderstandings and interference by others drag out their courtship. Lalita meets and is attracted to "Johnny Wickham," Darcy\'s former friend, and he validates her low opinion of Darcy. Mr Kholi, a rich, crass, clumsy, and ostentatious Americanized relative, proposes to Lalita; after she turns him down, her best friend Chandra agrees to marry him, much to Lalita\'s confusion and consternation. When the youngest sister Lakhi tries to run off with Wickham, Darcy and Lalita find the couple and separate them before he can ruin her life, as he almost did to Will\'s young sister Georgie. Ultimately, back in India for Jaya and Balraj\'s wedding, Darcy surprises and wins over Lalita by joining in the traditional drumming, showing that he is learning to appreciate Indian culture. The film ends with the double wedding of Jaya to Balraj and Lalita to Darcy, with the two couples riding on elephants down the streets of Amritsar.'] ['The film starts in a courtroom where Janaki  is fighting for divorce from Pandian . She offers various reasons for wanting a divorce. She has married Pandian against the wishes of her rich father Vishwanathan Iyer . But she isn\'t able to come to terms with living in Pandian\'s small house without amenities. Pandian is an assistant dance director with a modest income and is not able to spend much time with the family. All this accumulates and Janaki decides to apply for divorce, which is granted. The court orders that Pandian can meet his daughter Barathi, once a week and this is his only solace. His daughter, however, loves him a lot and doesn\'t like the arrangement.  Basha , a friend who works in a hotel as a chef, advises Pandian to steal his daughter from Janaki. Pandian goes about trying to do as his friend suggests. In doing so, he is discovered; and now he cannot meet her at all. Then Pandian finds out that Vishwanathan Iyer has advertised for a woman to look after his granddaughter. Joseph  is a makeup man in films. In conversation with him, Pandian gets the idea of playing an old woman, so that he can be with his child and ex-wife without them knowing. Joseph agrees to this plan and the transformation is done from Pandian to \'Avvai Shanmugi\'-- a dignified, elderly woman who is hired to take care of the little girl. Rathna  is a girl who is in love with Pandian but is constantly rebuffed. Basha takes up the role of a mute Iyer cook and is admitted into Vishwanathan Iyer house on the recommendation of Avvai Shanmugi. However, Basha is caught later while doing his namaz, thereby shattering both lies-- that he is mute and an Iyer. Hilarious circumstances follow and slowly Avvai Shanmugi manages to convince the household of "her" sincerity. So much so that Janaki\'s widowed father begins to develop a liking for Avvai and in fact proposes to "her" too! Around the same time, Mudaliyar , the house-owner of the place where Pandian lives, happens to bump into Avvai Shanmugi. This happens many times and Mudaliyar, too, begins to develop a liking for "her". Meanwhile Pandian slowly begins to realize that Janaki hasn\'t totally forgotten him. Avvai rebuffs Vishwanathan\'s proposals by saying that \'her\' husband is alive. Adding to the chaos, "she" tells Vishwanathan that Joseph is \'her\' husband; while Pandian tells Sethurama  -- Vishwanathan\'s secretary - that Mudaliyar is Avvai\'s husband. There is much confusion after this, but it is resolved at last. Avvai Shanmugi convinces Vishwanathan that Janaki\'s right place is by her husband. While Janaki\'s father goes off to talk to his estranged son-in-law, Avvai Shanmugi reveals \'her\' true self as Pandian to Basha. This is seen by Janaki, who misunderstands the scene and believes Avvai to be an immoral woman. Janaki goes to Pandian\'s house to reclaim him, but upon seeing Rathna waiting there, and Avvai\'s clothes lying around, thinks that her husband, too, is promiscuous. Janaki leaves and attempts suicide, but Avvai Shanmugi stops her. Avvai reveals "her" identity as Pandian. Janaki and Pandian reconcile.'] ["Set in the artsy Chelsea, this satirical film centers on a young bohemian avant-garde composer Adrian , who becomes involved with a trendy New York art gallery owner, Madeleine . Adrian is a composer who makes music by breaking glass and kicking metal buckets. In contrast to Adrian is his brother Josh , a successful painter who happens to bring Madeline to one of his brother's concerts. Madeleine is immediately drawn to Adrian's work and invites him to perform at her gallery and into her bedroom. Eventually, Josh discovers the secret relationship between Madeleine and Adrian, and the fact that Madeleine has been using Josh's paintings, which have commercial appeal, to keep the gallery running while it features more avant-garde work."] ["While on vacation, sports reporter Mike Hagen  meets fashion designer Marilla Brown . The two instantly bond and quickly get married, only to realize they have little in common. Mike is a sports fan and poker enthusiast with working-class friends. Marilla designs clothes for a wide array of artistic personalities. Their friends clash memorably one Wednesday night when his Poker Club and her Drama Society both convene at Marilla's apartment. Marilla becomes suspicious of Mike after she finds a photograph of Lori Shannon , Mike's former girlfriend. Mike tries to hide his former relationship, but fails miserably. Complicating matters even further is Mike's continuing series of exposés of the activities of crooked boxing promoter Martin Daylor . Mike's life is in danger, but he hides that from his wife too. What results is a series of misunderstandings and mishaps."] ['Angus Bethune  is a teenage boy living in Minnesota, who, despite his talents as a football player and in science class, holds deep insecurities about himself. Since kindergarten, Angus has been regularly harassed by handsome Rick Sanford , and his complacent cohorts, for not being "normal" due to being overweight and is, in their view, "named after a cow". His only friend is Troy Wedberg , who is also a social outcast like him. Angus also had feelings for Melissa Lefevre , though is fearful of expressing it because she is dating Rick. Eventually, tired of the abuse from Rick, Angus applies for a magnet school where he hopes to be free of the constant humiliation. However, well aware of Angus\'s feelings for Melissa, Rick rigs an election so that Angus and Melissa will dance together in the upcoming freshman Winter Ball as King and Queen, respectively. While confronting Rick about the stunt, Angus is ordered by the principal not to lay a hand on Rick or he would be expelled. To get ready for the dance, Angus gets help from not only Troy, but also his mother Meg , and his narcoleptic Grampa . His grandfather tells him about a dance move called the Irish Swoon that he claims is a guaranteed lady-pleaser, but Angus fears that his largeness makes him an inept dancer and would embarrass both him and Melissa. To fix this, Grampa takes Angus to Madame Rulenska , where despite Angus\'s best efforts, he comes out worse than before . Later on, despite his request for a black tuxedo and wanting to be normal, Grampa purchases him a plum one. One day after football practice, Angus opens his locker and sees that his favorite pair of boxers are missing. Angus and Troy learn later with their own eyes that Rick hoisted his boxers up the flagpole for the school to see, which then fly squarely onto passerby Melissa\'s face. Angus storms home in anger, but Rick and company quickly kidnap Troy, asking him for anything that would embarrass Angus at the Winter Ball. Troy refuses their request and tries to escape, only to break his arm as he trips to the floor while Rick gives Troy an ultimatum. Meanwhile, Angus helps Grampa prepare for his marriage to April , a woman thirty years younger than him. As Angus waits with Grampa in his room on the day of the wedding and confides with him about his love for Melissa, he tries to wake him, but he quickly discovers that he is dead. Distraught, Angus opts to stay home for a few days. By that time, fearful that Rick will hurt him even more, Troy gives him the videotape containing the footage of Angus practicing his dancing with an inflatable doll while confessing his feelings for Melissa. Later that week, while cleaning up from the wedding, Angus receives a box from April and opens it, revealing the plum suit that he had earlier rejected. He realizes that his grandfather was right, he needs to stop fearing humiliation from Rick and stand up for himself or nothing will change. Resolved to grant Grampa\'s wish, Angus rejects an interview from the science school he applied to, wears his plum suit and marches to the school gymnasium, where the dance is held. Outside the school gym, Troy warns him to turn around and leave because Rick has something bad planned for him. Angus refuses and tells him that he\'s sick of enduring humiliation so he\'s taking his grandfather\'s advice by standing up for himself. He meets Melissa, and the two converse for the first time. Angus is surprised when Melissa tells him she is nervous because everyone will be staring at them. As they are introduced to the students, Rick plays Troy\'s videotape on the monitors, and the students are laughing. A humiliated Melissa runs out of the gym and Angus follows her, very infuriated with Troy for betraying him. Outside the gym, he apologizes, yet surprisingly Melissa shows her disgust with Rick and reveals that she is bulimic. She also mentions that he is very controlling and it is even hinted that he can be abusive. Angus learns that Melissa likes him because he\'s kind and respectful of others. Finding common ground, the two return to the gym and dance, even as Melissa helps him out with some of the steps. After the two receive a mild reception from the students, Rick scolds Melissa, while Angus comes to her defense. It is here that Angus finally confronts Rick and petitions him to realize that there are in fact many people that do not fit Rick\'s idea of "normal", are unwantingly ostracized for it, and are fed up with the humiliation. Rick refuses Angus\' plea by replying "Whatever I am, it\'s something you\'re never gonna be," to which Angus replies "Thank God!" and turns to leave the gym. The students applaud Angus for taking a stand against Rick and it appears that he has lost his popularity since the students no longer seem to fear him. Before Angus can leave the gym, he is stopped by Melissa, who says she wants another dance with him. Immediately after, Angus meets up with Troy and forgives him while offering Troy to dance with him and Melissa. Troy, overjoyed, wheels around and accidentally punches Rick\'s nose and breaks it, catching the attention of a girl  who asks for Troy\'s name. Soon after, Angus walks Melissa home. She smiles and kisses him on the cheek before going into her house, implying the two may have a relationship. As Angus walks away, Melissa watches him from her bedroom window. In the end, having stood his ground, Angus rejects the offer to transfer and Rick is suspended for his videotape prank. Though he had his moment, Angus decides to get another one some day.'] ['After Zia  commits suicide by cutting his wrists, he finds himself in an afterlife limbo that is much the same as his former reality, just slightly worse. Here the color is dim, there are no stars, and no one can smile. This strange realm is populated by people who have committed suicide, such as Eugene , a Russian musician who lives with his mother , father , and brother  – all suicide victims. Eugene kills himself on stage by pouring a beer he is drinking onto his electric guitar. Together they waste most of their afterlives in bars, until Zia learns from a friend  that his ex-girlfriend, Desiree , has also committed suicide. He and Eugene take to the road to find her in Eugene\'s car, which has seen better days. Early on it is revealed that Eugene\'s car has two idiosyncrasies: a sort of black hole underneath the passenger seat where items that are dropped disappear forever and broken headlights that cannot be fixed by the most adept of mechanics. On their trip, they pick up hitchhiker Mikal , who insists there has been a mistake, and she is seeking the "people in charge"  in order to be sent back. After a few interesting adventures across the country, the trio is traveling on a desolate highway, when Mikal pushes a button, miraculously activating the broken lights on Eugene\'s car. Shortly thereafter, they come upon a man lying in the middle of the dark road, and must veer off the road, wrecking the car, to avoid hitting him. They discover the man, Kneller , an eccentric commune leader of sorts, had fallen asleep while looking for his dog. He invites them back to his camp to rest for the night, where they quickly discover that minor "miracles" happen all the time, objects change color, people or objects float, and all "miracles" are initiated by the campers, only when they do not wish for, or care about them. The group stays with the camp longer than intended. Zia begins to obsess about the miracles, and his inability to perform them. When contrasting this to Mikal\'s obsession with the people in charge, she reveals the nature of the mistake. She accidentally overdosed on heroin, with no intention of killing herself, and thus did not commit suicide. Eugene meets a young woman, Nanuk, whom he romances. Just as Mikal and Zia discuss their plans to leave Kneller\'s camp to resume their searches, another camper Yan ([[John Hawkes  emerges from the woods with news of Kneller\'s dog Freddy, who he claims is being held hostage by "Messiah King" and his hundreds of followers. Kneller, Zia, Mikal, and Yan set off in search of King and Kneller\'s dog. Along the way the group becomes lost, and end up bedding down for the night. Mikal and Zia, who are out gathering wood to keep a fire going, discover an ocean shore nearby, where they share a passionate night. In the morning, Kneller happens upon them lying together on the rocky shore littered with used condoms and syringes. The group continues and eventually reaches King\'s camp, which is a large cult compound filled with followers who are waiting for King to perform a "real" miracle – to separate his soul from his body. Kneller gains audience with King  to get his dog back, where Zia finds his ex-girlfriend, Desiree, working with King. The two steal away briefly to talk and Zia learns that Desiree became a devout follower of King\'s teachings after his death, eventually committing suicide to follow King into the afterlife. King starts his ritual to perform his "miracle", taking his own life, again, while in the view of all those in his camp. As he dies, Kneller is seen cryptically speaking into a device calling for backup. Initially the crowd notices what they believe are angels parachuting in; however, as they land, vans and cars pull up, and it is revealed that the "angels" are in fact the PIC. The crowd is dispersed, Messiah and Desiree are taken away, and Mikal leaves with them, calling back to Zia she\'ll be back in five minutes. He sits down on a small stool, waiting till dark when Eugene and his lady friend pull up in their car. The group heads to a train station, where Eugene reveals that Kneller was an undercover agent for the PIC, but his camp has now been shut down. He also explains that Mikal\'s story was true and that the PIC are sending her back to life. Eugene and Nanuk depart on a small train car, leaving Zia with the keys to the car. Zia returns to the car, obviously deep in thought over Mikal. He lights a cigarette, and when he releases a burning match, it floats up towards another one floating in the sky, sent there by Mikal earlier on in Kneller\'s camp, the two of them forming the only two \'stars\' in the night sky. Zia has finally performed a miracle. He leaves, and when he is stopped at a railroad crossing, he drops a cassette in the black hole under the seat. As the train passes, it is revealed that Zia has gone into the hole. The film cuts to a large warehouse filled with halls of boxes; Kneller is seen picking up Zia\'s file from a box, placing it into his inside breast pocket, and commenting on how fortunate it is to know people in high places. The film cuts back to Zia, who wakes up in a hospital bed. He turns his head, noting his parents outside a door talking to doctors. When he looks at the person in the bed next to his, he sees Mikal. Both look at each other and smile.'] ['The film is set in Venice Beach, California, and it centers on four young people in the midst of romantic entanglements. The actress Susan  is in love with the video producer Gil , but he is in love with the model Toya . However, Toya is in love with the bodybuilder Ken . But Ken has his eyes on Susan.TV Guide Online review'] ["Elizabeth Masterson , a young doctor whose work is her whole life, is seriously injured in a car accident while on her way to a blind date. Three months later, David Abbott , a landscape architect recovering from the death of his wife, moves into the apartment that had been Elizabeth's. Elizabeth begins to appear to David at the apartment. However with ghostly properties and abilities it is clear something is not normal: She can suddenly appear and disappear, move through walls, and once takes over his actions. When they meet, they are both surprised, as Elizabeth is not aware yet of her condition. For the most part, David is the only one who can see Elizabeth, leading others to believe that he is hallucinating and talking to himself. At first, Elizabeth does not remember anything of her life, and refuses to believe that she is dead. Her memories come back gradually. Together, assisted by Zen-like psychic Darryl , she and David find out who she is, what happened to her, and why they are connected. They find that her body is in a coma in the hospital. When David discovers that in accordance with her living will, she will soon be taken off life support, he reluctantly tries to prevent this by telling Elizabeth sister that he can see her. It is then revealed that one of Elizabeth's young nieces can also sense her presence although she cannot see her. When Elizabeth's sister thinks that he is a lunatic and drives him away, David decides to prevent Elizabeth's death by stealing her body from the hospital. He asks J.J, his friend to help him and it is discovered that J.J is actually the former boyfriend of Elizabeth's sister and he had set Elizabeth's blind date with David, the night of the accident. The reason David is the only one who can see Elizabeth is that he was her blind date. He also eventually admits that he loves Elizabeth and that is the reason he doesn't want her to die. While stealing Elizabeth's body, they are eventually discovered in the hospital. The body guards soon find them, pulling David away from Elizabeth's body. He then realizes, that when he was pulled off he had her breathing tube in his hand; he then gets away from the guards, kisses Elizabeth's body and she miraculously wakes up. However, the recovered Elizabeth doesn't remember anything that happened during the coma or any of the events with David, leaving him heartbroken. Sometime later, Elizabeth goes up to the roof of her apartment, which has been transformed into a beautiful landscaped garden. She sees David there, who had gotten in with the spare key he had kept in order to tend the garden. Just as he is about to leave, she asks for her key back. When their hands touch, her memory of the events during her coma are restored, and they kiss."] ['Celia Amonte  is a Portuguese American widow who lives in New Bedford, Massachusetts with her daughter Vicky . The broke British card counter Charles "Charlie" Beck  arrives in town to stay with and mooch off some wealthy friends and gamble at the local casino. The friends are Daniel Vargas  and his wife Lois Vargas . One night, dining at a Portuguese restaurant with Lois, Charlie sees Celia singing fado, a haunting Portuguese form of song. He is enchanted with her, approaches her, and is rebuffed. Charlie later finds Celia\'s address in the phone book and goes to her house, where he encounters Vicky, whom he had met at the casino before. Vicky agrees to help Charlie woo her mother in exchange for lessons on card counting. This proves difficult, as Celia still longs for her deceased husband and has not dated since his death.'] ['In 1957, when second-graders Bryce Loski  and Julianna  Baker  first meet, Juli knows it\'s love but Bryce isn\'t so sure. Girl-phobic and easily embarrassed, young Bryce does everything he can to keep away as much as possible from Juli for the next six years, which isn\'t easy since they go to the same school and live across the street from each other. When they start the sixth grade, Bryce hopes that he can get rid of Juli so he asks the girl Juli hates the most, Shelly Stalls , out on a date. This plan of Bryce\'s works for a while up until his best friend, Garrett , takes an interest in Shelly and tells her the truth about Bryce asking her out. Juli finds out Bryce and Shelly break up; she goes back to her regular Bryce-obsessed self. From Juli\'s point of view, when she and Bryce first met, he returned her feelings but was just shy and embarrassed. When he "held her hand" she thought she would get her first kiss from him in the second grade. Juli knew that she was flipped from then on. After finding out that Bryce and Shelly broke up, she thought she could have her old Bryce back. She spent the whole year smelling his watermelon scented hair and wondering if she\'d ever get her kiss. In 1963, now in seventh grade, Bryce\'s grandfather Chet Duncan  moves in with the family. Chet finds Juli different, special, and a rare kind of girl who\'s hard to come across. He continues to tell Bryce this with hope. There\'s a large, old sycamore tree that Juli loves which no one understands. One day, it\'s cut down by the owner in spite of Juli\'s protest and dismay. Her voice narrates her love for the tree that let her see the world in a much more enlightened way. Chet and Juli form a strong friendship over time while he helps her work on her messy lawn. Bryce begins to develop feelings for Juli just as Juli begins to question her feelings about Bryce. Her feelings completely disappear when she overhears him and Garrett talking about her mentally challenged uncle, and sees him throwing away the eggs she gave him. Juli tells Bryce she never wants to speak to him again when she and her family get invited to the Loski\'s house for a sit down dinner which ends up with Bryce\'s dad being considerably rude to her family. At the dinner she confronts him about what Bryce said about her uncle and tells him she doesn\'t want to speak to him again, not ever. During dinner, they sit opposite each other, she never talks or makes eye contact with him. After dinner she apologizes for the way she acted. Bryce is upset that she apologizes, because that means that she doesn\'t care enough to hold a grudge. She continues to have mixed feelings when the basket boy auction is just around the corner. She hears that Shelly is planning to bid on Bryce against another one of the school\'s "finest" girls. Bryce thinks that Juli is planning on bidding for him because he hears she walked in with a wad of cash . Bryce begins to worry about what would happen if she does bid for him just when she bids all her cash on basket boy number eight, the boy before Bryce. Later during the basket boy bidding lunch, Bryce and Sherry sit at a table across from Juli and basket boy eight, Eddie Trulock. She\'s facing Bryce and he can\'t help but stare at Juli the whole time. He sees she\'s having a good time with her date and gets jealous. He grabs her to talk to her and attempts to kiss her in front of everyone. He chases her after she dodges his kiss. Juli gets on her bike and cycles as fast as she can home. Garrett chases after him, and the two break off their friendship after a confrontation. Juli bikes home crying. Bryce continuously tries to talk to her, ringing the doorbell, calling her house, coming to her bedroom window, despite her ignoring him. Finally, one day Juli sees Bryce digging a hole in her front lawn which infuriates her. Her father said he gave him permission and she watches Bryce continue to dig. After he digs the hole, he leaves. Juli is confused but Bryce comes back carrying a baby Sycamore tree and places it in the hole. She goes outside to help him. Knowing that he redeemed himself, Bryce covers Juli\'s hands with his, they share smiles and then continue planting the sycamore tree.'] ["Nate Cooper just cannot get it together with women. But he also cannot forget his first crush, the tall, attractive, blonde Cristabel Abbott, from their time in elementary school. Nate sets out for the beaches of California and meets up with his geeky best friend Arno, whose mother has an unnatural amount of information about Cristabel, and perhaps an unusual relationship with her son. Cristabel jogs on the beach every day with many suitors trying to catch her eye, including an albino stalker. But she's still single, and there is a reason: Cristabel is still best friends with the same short, unattractive brunette girl whom Nate also knew in elementary school, June Phigg. Nate reintroduces himself to Cristabel and they hit it off. However, Cristabel refuses to go on a date with Nate unless June has a date as well. Nate sets out to find a boyfriend for June, but guys recoil at the sight of her. One day at the Santa Monica Pier, Johann Wulrich, an attractive dentist who works as a part-time model, appears in their lives. He seems to want to do a makeover on June when he apparently sees her inner beauty. However, Nate believes that Johann is a threat to his shot for Cristabel, since Johann is almost perfect. Eventually, with June dating Johann, Cristabel finally begins dating Nate, per his original plan. Over the next few weeks, as Nate and June become friends and she emerges from her cocoon, with her face and appearance transforming into that of an attractive woman whose beauty begins to compare with Cristabel, Nate slowly realizes that June may be the girl of his dreams. Nate tells this to Cristabel, who is happy for June. Nate then tries to find June, and finds her, telling her how he feels."] ['Ian Lafferty is a shy 18-year-old high school graduate as well as a virgin, and jealous of the success his best friend Lance Johnson enjoys with women. He is secretly in love with his other childhood friend Felicia Alpine, who believes their relationship to be platonic. He chats online with "Ms. Tasty" to practice appearing confident to women, and eventually agrees to meet her in person in Knoxville, Tennessee. Since he lives in Brookfield, Illinois, he steals the extra key to a 1969 Pontiac GTO Judge belonging to his homophobic older brother Rex, and heads out with Lance. When Felicia accompanies them as well, Ian claims that he intends to visit his sick grandmother. Along the way they endure mishaps, hostile encounters with hitchhikers and state troopers, as well as friendly and even erotic encounters with a group of young Amish engaging in rumspringa . Ian\'s brother pursues them, and the encounter with Ms. Tasty  proves to be a scheme to steal cars for a chop shop. Ian and Felicia admit their love for each other. Lance ultimately finds happiness with an Amish girl named Mary. On New Year\'s Eve, Ian and Felicia have sex on the couch, under a blanket in Ian\'s basement, and Rex comes out.'] ['While playing a game seven minutes in heaven at a party in 1985, 12-year-old Charles "Chuck" Logan  refuses to have sex with a goth girl named Anisha . In retaliation, Anisha places a curse on Chuck, so that every single woman he sleeps with will break up with him and marry the next man who asks her out. In the present, Chuck  is in his thirties, and runs a dental practice in the same building as his best friend Stu\'s  plastic surgery business. Chuck finds himself unable to tell his girlfriend, Carol , that he loves her, and she breaks up with him while having sex on the beach. At a wedding, Chuck becomes enamored with Cam Wexler , a sometimes clumsy, but friendly marine biologist. Chuck asks Cam for a date, but she gently refuses him. While working at a penguin habitat, Cam accidentally slips and chips her tooth. When she visits Chuck to have it fixed, he asks her to go out with him instead of paying him. Though initially reluctant, Cam agrees. Meanwhile, Stu notices the pattern of girls getting married as soon as Chuck has sex with them. Stu eventually convinces Chuck to embrace the influx of women who have learned of his pattern and visit his practice, arguing that there\'s nothing better than having lots of guilt-free sex. However, after having this so called "guilt-free sex" with numerous women, Chuck decides he wants a serious relationship with Cam. However, just before he has sex with her, Stu informs him that each of the women Chuck has slept with have got married, including Carol. Worried that the same thing will happen to Cam, Chuck begins to avoid her. Stu convinces Chuck to test the curse by having sex with an obese woman, and see if she marries afterward. Chuck asks Stu to ask the woman out to see if this results in marriage, and when it does not, Chuck concludes that the curse is fake, and has sex with Cam. Afterward, however, Stu confesses that he only pretended to ask the woman, and Chuck discovers that she indeed got married to another man. Chuck believes Cam wants to go out with Howard, who authored a book about penguins. Chuck attempts to track down Anisha. Now married with a child, Anisha tells Chuck that the curse wasn\'t meant to be real. Still convinced that Cam will hang out with, Chuck tries desperately to get Cam\'s attention and asks her to marry him. His attempts, though, cause Cam to become convinced he\'s stalking her and she breaks up with him. Now deciding to let fate take its course, Chuck puts Cam in touch with Howard, and the two seem to connect instantly. Stu convinces Chuck to chase after Cam, who is now headed to Antarctica with Howard. After Chuck finds her, Cam reveals that Howard is already married to someone else, and that she\'s only leaving for a week. Chuck hands Cam a ring box containing a pebble, a reference to the penguin mating ritual in which a male penguin finds a stone and brings it to the female penguin he wants to be with. Anisha is shown pulling a pin out of a voodoo doll, and the curse is finally broken. A year later, Chuck and Cam are in Antarctica together surrounded by penguins.'] ['The film deals with the mid-life crises of its two main protagonists, Mark  and Robert , fictionalized versions of the film\'s director and producer/writer. The two friends struggle with adult career and relationship problems, all the while defiantly clinging to the geeky science fiction pop culture of their youth and seeking advice from their greatest hero, William Shatner. Shatner plays a campy caricature of himself as he works on a one-man musical version of Julius Caesar in hopes of finally being taken seriously as a dramatist and musical performer. Hip-hop artist "The Rated R", joined by Shatner, provides the concluding musical number "No Tears for Caesar", a pastiche of famous lines from the play set to a rap rhythm. The film\'s score was produced by Scott Spock.'] ['Mirabelle Buttersfield , a transplanted Vermonter, is an aspiring artist and saleswoman at the evening gloves counter at Saks Fifth Avenue in Beverly Hills. Her quiet, orderly existence - filled with both the mundane  and the serious  - is disrupted by the sudden appearance of two disparate men. Jeremy  is an immature, awkward, socially inept, penniless twenty-something graphic designer for an amplifier manufacturer and aspiring typographer who enters Mirabelle\'s life first . Mirabelle, aching for any kind of meaningful contact with someone else, gives him a chance, but it quickly fizzles after a half-hearted date  followed by a woefully underwhelming sexual encounter. Ray Porter  is a considerably older, suave, well-dressed, wealthy, divorced logician. Ray charms Mirabelle over the course of a few dates, one of which ends at his house. Mirabelle offers herself to him, and after they have sex, the next morning Ray tells her that he does not intend for their relationship to be serious due to his constant traveling between L.A. and Seattle. Both have different understandings of this talk: Ray tells his psychiatrist that Mirabelle knows that he is going to see other people, and Mirabelle tells her acquaintances that Ray wanted to see her more. Mirabelle and Ray embark on a lengthy affair, during which time Jeremy is working as a roadie for the band Hot Tears. He attempts to have one last liaison with Mirabelle before leaving, but she spurns him due to her relationship with Ray. While on tour, the band\'s lead singer introduces Jeremy to the world of self-improvement and how to better relate to the opposite sex. Mirabelle becomes increasingly devoted to Ray, who showers her with expensive gifts  instead of emotional affection. When Mirabelle\'s depression hits her hard , he takes her to the doctor and cares for her, further deepening her reliance on him. Ray is spurred to invite Mirabelle on a trip to New York for which Ray has her fitted in the dress shop at Armani. During a business trip, Ray has dinner with an old friend. During dinner she propositions him and he accepts. Ray immediately confesses on return to L.A. and a devastated Mirabelle cuts things off with him, cancels her trip to New York and decides to visit Vermont. While she is basking in the warmth and familiarity of home, Ray calls. He apologizes for hurting her and asks her to come to New York. She accepts and attends his function. She is the youngest person at the party and is for the most part, alone and out of place. When they return to the hotel room, Ray wants to be intimate, but Mirabelle is not ready. A while later, Mirabelle meets Jeremy by accident on the way to an art gallery showing and her coworker Lisa  mistakes him for Ray when they walk in together. Jeremy is a new man and all he has learned during his time away is evident to anyone but Mirabelle. After the showing, Mirabelle goes home with Ray and Lisa goes home with Jeremy thinking he\'s Ray. The next morning Ray devastates Mirabelle by announcing that he plans on looking for a bigger house in case he "meets someone and decides to have kids". Jeremy calls Lisa thinking they have made a connection, but quickly finds out she has no interest in anything but Ray Porter . Mirabelle decides to stop postponing the inevitable and breaks things off with Ray for good. After taking time to grieve the loss of the relationship, she quits her job at Saks for one as a receptionist in an art gallery. Jeremy then begins to pursue her again, this time the correct way. Over time they fall in love with one another and eventually make love. Mirabelle receives an invitation to show her work and at the opening, Ray shows up with his new girlfriend. Their interaction is noticeably strained as they search for shallow things to chat about. At the end of their conversation, Ray apologizes for how deeply he hurt her and admits  that he did love her. A shocked and touched Mirabelle smiles through her oncoming tears and turns to walk away. As Ray watches Mirabelle run into Jeremy\'s loving arms, he remarks on how he feels a loss although he purposefully kept Mirabelle at arm\'s length so that when they broke up it would not hurt him, which it inevitably does.'] ['At 30 years old, Opie  is a virgin whose existence is made up of watching pornography and eating junk food. One day a drug dealer named Thai  mistakenly comes to his door. She decides to help Opie by finding him a good woman, initially  by online personal adds. Thai and Opie end up sleeping together while high on marijuana, and then end up seeing each other regularly. Opie starts having sex with other women, including Thai\'s lesbian lover Dakota  and a "gun-toting" nymphomaniac named Rain .'] ['After Alice Holbrook , a happily married English woman living in Bristol, receives an anonymous Valentine\'s Day card with radish seeds in it, she automatically assumes the card is from her supposedly loving lawyer husband, Sam , and that he is trying to be romantic. In return, Alice decides to write an anonymous reply to her husband to keep the gimmick going, but only accidentally sends the card after a drunken night with her sister. What Alice does not realize, however, is that her husband did, in fact, not send her the original Valentine\'s Day card; her husband\'s best friend and lawyer partner, Archie , did. When Alice\'s husband does not mention that he has received her card, Alice becomes suspicious that he is cheating on her with another woman. In an attempt to discover the truth, Alice calls her husband and pretends to be another woman with a deep, sultry voice who she calls "Anonymous." After her husband agrees to meet with "Anonymous," Alice becomes even more distraught, but continues to try and win her husband back. However, in the process, she discovers her husband Sam is already having another affair with a woman named Katya and is now knowingly starting a second affair with "Anonymous." After breaking down over this fact, she goes to visit Archie in the sexy outfit she planned to woo Sam back with, and while Archie and her kiss, he assumes she is having an extra-marital affair with someone other than Sam and refuses to be a part of it. Alice decides to forge ahead with her "affair" with Sam as "Anonymous," and while having supposedly extramarital sex with him, she removes his wedding ring from his finger with her lips. Afterwards, however, Sam declares "Alice is nothing compared to [Anonymous]" and that he has never truly loved Alice, and so she becomes very upset and flees the hotel. When she is running away, however, she runs into Katya, who discovers that Sam is not only cheating on his wife but also on her. While Sam does win his big court case next, he returns home to find his precious wine scattered throughout the neighborhood and his clothes thrown in the street , as well as Katya waiting at his house to tell Alice of their affair as revenge. When Katya sees Alice, however, she calls her "Anonymous," and so Sam realizes that Alice has been "Anonymous" all the while. Alice even shows Sam how she removed the ring from his finger to prove it. While Sam attempt to plead with Sam, Alice insists on a divorce and Katya walks out on Sam as well. The film then fast forwards to a litle time later. Katya took her story as well as that of "Anonymous" to the press and so Sam\'s reputation as an upstanding lawyer has been ruined. Furthermore, the press exposes that Alice was, in fact, not having an extramarital affair as Archie previously thought. This realization prompts Archie to attempt to tell Alice about his feelings for her, but she cannot see past their friendship. Because of this, Archie decides he cannot get over Alice while still in Bristol, so he takes a job in Japan. First though, he sends a goodbye letter to Alice, in which he includes "P.S. I hope you liked the radishes," finally letting her know that the original Valentine\'s Day card was from him and not Sam. Alice chases after Archie and finally catches him after a series of debacles at the train station, including him having to actually stop the train. They kiss and declare they love each other. The movie ends when Alice lovingly looks up at the man who really thinks she is "the perfect woman" and says "Take me home and radish me."'] ['It is 1977, Dublin rocks to the music of Thin Lizzy and the world is stunned by the death of Elvis Presley. Frankie , caught between acne and adulthood, has just completed his final exams in school. Convinced he will fail, he survives the summer organising a beach party, having lustful thoughts about two girls he believes are unobtainable and fending off the advances from a visiting American family friend, all whilst coping with his oddball family.'] ['Griff  is a socially awkward person who gets bullied by co-worker Tony by day. At night he dons the costume of a superhero and fights criminals. At times his brother Tim, visits him. One day Tim tells Griff about his girlfriend \'Melody\' and brings her with him the next time he visits. Melody is shown to be a girl who lives in a world of absurd thoughts, who also isn\'t comfortable with other people. One day Griff gets an idea about becoming invisible and after some research, finds himself doing experiments by purchasing things from Melody\'s father\'s store. He makes himself a suit and wearing it, goes to his office but is caught on camera, not yet revealing his face. Griff again makes an invisibility cloak but this time his boss sees his face on camera he gets fired from his job. That night, Tony calls a local goon and beats Griff in an alley. He returns home to retrieve his suit and police catch a bloodied Griff and later release him with a warning. Slowly Griff and Melody fall in love, and Melody tries to encourage Griff in his works by presenting him with a \'Universal SUIT\' sent anonymously. It becomes apparent that the superhero, the goons he beats and his invisibility are just his imagination. Tim gets hold of this and asks Melody why she is encouraging him, to which Melody replies Griff is a freak like her and they love living like that. Griff hears this and realizes the fact that everything is his imagination. He destroys the costume and all computers he was using in his imaginary world. He goes to Melody\'s house for dinner where she realizes Griff no more believes in his imaginary world. Soon afterwards she comes to Griff\'s home and tells him he was the only one who went into her world and that was the reason she loved him, but now, he also is behaving like normal people, so she can\'t love him anymore. With saying that, she leaves his house and cries leaning on his door. Suddenly, she falls through the door  and lands in Griff\'s room. Griff takes her into his arms and she utters, "You can believe it." They share a passionate kiss. Soon after, a package falls through the mail slot of Griff\'s door with Melody\'s name written on it. Tim is then shown walking away with his new girlfriend. Griff runs into his room to put on his invisible suit, and Melody opens the box. Inside is a note from Tim that says, "Use these to be the only one who can see Griff when he\'s invisible. So he doesn\'t have to wear the hat." The device resembles a View-Master stereoscopic toy. Griff enters unseen into the room, and when Melody holds up the device to her eyes, she can see him standing there again. They smile at each other as the film ends.'] ['The film follows the story of Jamie, a struggling butch lesbian actress who gets cast as a man in a film. The main plot is a romantic comedy between Jamie\'s male alter-ego, "Male Jamie," and Jill, a heterosexual woman on set. The film\'s subplots include Jamie\'s bisexual roommate Lola and her cat actor Howard, Lola\'s abrasive butch German girlfriend Andi, and Jamie\'s gay Asian friend David.<ref name67&id=15594 GayWired.com - Outfest Days Eight & Nine]'] ['The film opens on a graffiti-covered wall with Encolpio ([[Martin Potter  lamenting the loss of his lover Gitone ([[Max Born  to Ascilto . Vowing to win him back, he learns at the Thermae that Ascilto sold Gitone to the actor Vernacchio . At the theatre, he discovers Vernacchio and Gitone performing in a lewd play based on the "emperor\'s miracle": a slave\'s hand is axed off and replaced with a gold one. Encolpio storms the stage and reclaims Gitone. On their return to Encolpio\'s home in the Insula Felicles, a Roman tenement building, they walk through the vast Roman brothel known as the Lupanare, observing numerous sensual scenes. They fall asleep after making love at Encolpio\'s place. Ascilto sneaks into the room, waking Encolpio with a whiplash. Since both share the tenement room, Encolpio proposes they divide up their property and separate. Ascilto mockingly suggests they split Gitone in half. Encolpio is driven to suicidal despair, however, when Gitone decides to leave with Ascilto. At that moment, an earthquake destroys the tenement. Encolpio meets the poet Eumolpus at the art museum. The elderly poet blames current corruption on the mania for money and invites his young friend to a banquet held at the villa of Trimalchio , a wealthy freeman, and his wife Fortunata . Eumolpus\'s declamation of poetry is met with catcalls and thrown food. While Fortunata performs a frantic dance, the bored Trimalchio turns his attention to two very young boys. Scandalized, Fortunata berates her husband who attacks her then has her covered in gizzards and gravy. Fancying himself a poet, Trimalchio recites one of his finer poems whereupon Eumolpo accuses him of stealing verses from Lucretius. Enraged, Trimalchio orders the poet to be tortured by his slaves in the villa\'s huge kitchen furnace. The guests are then invited to visit Trimalchio\'s tomb where he enacts his own death in an ostentatious ceremony. The story of the Matron of Ephesus is recounted, the first of the stories within a story in the film.Bondanella, 260 Encolpio finally leaves the villa, helping the limping, beaten Eumolpo to drink water from a pool in a tilled field. In return for his kindness, Eumolpo bequeaths the spirit of poetry to his young friend. Encolpio, Gitone, and Ascilto are imprisoned on the pirate ship of Lichas, a middle-aged merchant in the emperor\'s service. Lichas selects Encolpio for a Greco-Roman wrestling match and quickly subdues him. Smitten by his beauty, Lichas takes Encolpio as his spouse in a wedding ceremony blessed by his wife, Trifena. The seasons pass. Rebel soldiers under the new Caesar overthrow Caesar, the boy emperor, who is forced to kill himself. Later, the soldiers board the ship and behead Lichas under Trifena\'s satisfied gaze. Violent political discord is evoked in a montage sequence of Roman armies on the march. To escape the new emperor, the owner of a patrician villa sets his slaves free and commits suicide with his wife. That night, Encolpio and Ascilto discover the abandoned villa and make love with an African slave girl who has stayed behind. Fleeing the villa when soldiers on horseback arrived in the courtyard to burn the patrician corpses, the two friends reach a desert. Ascilto placates a nymphomaniac\'s demands in a covered wagon while Encolpio waits outside, listening to the woman\'s servant discuss a hermaphrodite demi-god reputed to possess healing powers at the Temple of Ceres. With the aid of a mercenary, they kill two men and kidnap the hermaphrodite in the hope of obtaining a ransom. Once exposed to the desert sun, however, the hermaphrodite sickens and dies of thirst. Enraged, the mercenary tries to murder his two companions but is overpowered and killed. Captured by soldiers, Encolpio is released in a labyrinth and forced to play Theseus to a gladiator\'s Minotaur for the amusement of spectators at the festival of Momus, the God of Laughter. When the gladiator spares Encolpio\'s life because of his well-spoken words of mercy, the festival rewards the young man with Ariadne, a sensual woman with whom he must copulate as the crowd looks on. Impotent, Encolpio is publicly humiliated by Ariadne. Eumolpo offers to take him to the Garden of Delights where prostitutes are said to effect a cure for his impotence but the treatment - gentle whipping of the buttocks - fails miserably. In the second of the stories within a story in the film, the owner of the Garden of Delights narrates the tale of Enotea to Encolpio. For having rejected his advances, a sorcerer curses a beautiful young woman: she must spend her days kindling fires for the village\'s hearths from her genitalia. Inspired, Encolpio and Ascilto hire a boatman to take them to Enotea\'s home. Greeted by an old woman who has him drink a potion, Encolpio falls under a spell where his sexual prowess is restored to him by Enotea in the form of an Earth Mother figure and sorceress. When Ascilto is murdered in a field by the boatman, Encolpio decides to join Eumolpo\'s ship bound for North Africa. But Eumolpo has died in the meantime, leaving as his heirs all those willing to eat his corpse. Encolpio hasn\'t the stomach for this last and bitter mockery but is nonetheless invited by the captain to board the ship. In a voice-over, Encolpio explains that he set sail with the captain and his crew. His words end in mid-sentence, however, as a distant island appears on the horizon and the film then abruptly cuts to frescoes of the film\'s characters on a crumbling wall.'] ['Frances Lawrence  is about to turn 17 years old and is on her summer break between her junior and senior years of high school. She resists the pressure to go "manhunting" with her girlfriends and laments the days when the girls had fun together without boys. Frances also rejects her parents wishing to fix her up on a date with the son of a friend of the family, Jeffrey Matthews. On a jaunt to the beach with her bikini-clad girlfriends, flat-chested tomboy Frances meets surfer Moondoggie . She quickly becomes infatuated with him, but he shows no romantic interest, however Frances is more attracted to surfing than man hunting. At home, Francie importunes her parents for $25 for a used surfboard. Russ and Dorothy Lawrence  grant their daughter\'s request as an early birthday present and the excited youngster returns to the beach to surf. The gang dubs their female associate "Gidget", a portmanteau word based on \'girl\' and \'midget\'. She associates with an all-male surfer gang led by the worldly beach bum, The Kahuna . Kahuna is a Korean War Air Force veteran twice the age of Frances who was fed up with all the rules he had to live by when he flew combat missions and dropped out of normal society. He travels the hemisphere surfing with his pet bird. Moondoggie admires Kahuna and wants to emulate him by joining Kahuna in working his way on a freighter to go surfing in Peru at summer\'s end instead of going off to university as his self-made father planned. Kahuna and Gidget enjoy each other\'s company with Gidget questioning how he can survive an aimless and lonely existence without a job. She questions whether if Kahuna knew then what he knew now would he still make the same lifestyle choice after leaving the Air Force. Kahuna later reflects on Gidget\'s words after the death of his only friend, the pet bird. Hoping to make Moondoggie jealous, Gidget hires one of the other surfers in the gang to be her date to a luau party on the beach. Her plan backfires when the surfer she hired pawns the job off on none other than Moondoggie, unaware that he was the one Gidget wanted to make jealous. Gidget lies and tells Moondoggie that it is Kahuna that she wants to make jealous, and they have a romantic evening at the luau. Eventually Moondoggie says something that upsets Gidget and, as she flees the luau, she runs into Kahuna and agrees to take him to a nearby beach house. Alone with Kahuna, Gidget tries to make Kahuna take her virginity. Amused, Kahuna attempts to call Gidget\'s bluff by pretending to take her up on her offer but finds himself falling under her spell. Realizing what he was about to do and angry at the situation he\'s been put in, Kahuna throws her out of the beach house just as Moondoggie arrives. Gidget is mortified and escapes out the back of the beach house as Moondoggie confronts Kahuna. The cops are called to break up the fight between Kahuna and Moondoggie and, after leaving the beach house, they find Gidget stranded with a flat tire and without her driver\'s license. They bring her in to the police station. Gidget\'s father, having heard about the incident decides to take over control of her social life, and orders her not to see the surfer gang again. She falls into a depression, to which mother shows her a tapestry from her grandmother reading "A Real Woman brings out the best in a Man". In the end, Mr. Lawrence arranges a date for Gidget with Jeffrey Matthews that Frances grudgingly accepts. To her surprise, Matthews turns out to be Moondoggie. The two return to the beach to find Kahuna tearing down his beach shack and find out that he\'s taken a job as an airline pilot. Moondoggie and Gidget realize how they feel about each other and, as an act of romantic devotion, Moondoggie asks Gidget to wear his class pin. Kahuna cheefully warns Moondoggie that Gidget is quite a woman.'] ['Sydney White  is the daughter of a plumber, Paul White ([[John Schneider . Her mother, a Kappa Sorority member, died when Sydney was still young. She sets off to study in a SAU and to pledge to her mother\'s once dignified sorority, Kappa Phi Nu. There she meets Demetria Rosemead Hotchkiss , known as Dinky, also an upcoming member of the Kappa Sorority as a legacy like her, and becomes her closest girl friend. While on their way to their dorm, she meets Tyler Prince , the president of the fraternity Alpha Omega Rho, and the on-off boyfriend of the elitist president of the student council and the head of the Kappa Sorority, Rachel Witchburn . Rachel immediately dislikes Sydney because she sees her talking to Tyler. She tries to reject Sydney during the rush, but her friends informs her that she is a legacy, and this Rachel is forced to accept her, but also says that she has to survive the pledge on her own. As one of the Kappa Sorority\'s traditional rituals, the freshmen need to find a date late at midnight. Sydney finds Lenny ([[Jack Carpenter , one of the seven dorks, known as the Vortex. Sydney is then picked by Rachel to ditch her date, which ended in Lenny paying. Meanwhile, Rachel is becoming more and more jealous as Sydney becomes closer to Tyler. Rachel makes the pledges undergo embarrassing initiation tasks and follow superficial lifestyle. such as weighing the carbohydrates that they eat for breakfast, in an effort to change them according to her standards. However, Sydney, because of her upbringing, unintentionally defies all of them. Unlike the other girls, her tomboyish ways help her easily manage to do the initiation, including cleaning Alpha Omega Rho\'s bathroom. Because of being different, Sydney\'s rank in SAU\'s online popularity voting site gradually increases, putting her on top 13. This infuriates Rachel, the longtime-running 1st place holder and the "fairest of them all" in the website. Sydney fails to become a member of Kappa when Rachel insists she has disobeyed the rules: lying about her background and cheating on a Kappa quiz. Rachel does this during the final night of pledging, does humiliating Sydney on front other Greek houses, even making her strip her gown. Sydney leaves that night in the rain, unintentionally sitting in front of Vortex\'s home. She is welcomed by the seven dorks, Lenny, the one with high-maintenance health, Terrence ([[Jeremy Howard , the genius one, Jeremy , the shy one who only uses his puppet to talk, Gurkin , the hot-tempered blogger, Spanky , the one who has no experience with girls, George , the childlike one who still believes in Santa Claus and doesn\'t know how to tie a knot, and Embele , who remains sleeping. The Vortex\'s home is the house that Rachel plans to demolish to build a luxurious establishment only meant for leading Greek houses\' pleasure. Sydney, together with the seven dorks, tries to bring Rachel down from her student council position by running Terrence for president. Sydney also helps the dorks come out of their shells. Unlike Rachel\'s elitist and exclusivist views, Sydney and the dorks believe that diversity and equality is a good thing. They try to befriend people of all sorts, and this catapults Sydney to top 2 spot in the popularity website. However, due to Rachel\'s scheme, Terrence is soon disqualified because he had already graduated six years prior. Sydney replaces him as a presidential candidate and starts her campaign. The day before the debate and election, Rachel hires someone to hack Sydney\'s files using a virus called "The Poison Apple." She is then forced to stay up all night in the library doing her work on Gurkin\'s laptop. When Sydney finishes her work, she accidentally falls asleep and is almost disqualified for not showing up. But Tyler wakes her with a kiss just in time. After Rachel answers the question posed by Professor Carleton , Sydney\'s supporters come led by the goth girl  whom Gurkin had met. Sydney\'s speech defends the underrated people, including dorks and concludes by stating that she herself is a dork. This incites a number of students to also admit that dork status including Tyler, Jeremy, Spanky and Dinky. Sydney wins the debate and the election becoming the new president, while Rachel is stripped of her Kappa sisterhood by her sisters because of her mean nature. The film ends with Sydney father and other construction workers fixing Vortex\'s home. New relationships have formed as well. Dinky and Lenny are now a couple. Spanky is finally getting some girls. The goth girl and Gurkin are dating. Sydney and Tyler are together. George has learned how to tie a knot. Jeremy is finally coming out off his shell. And Terrence has become a millionaire because of his theory. Sydney finally realizes what her mother meant by, "The friends you meet in college will be your friends for life."'] ["Alvin Johnson  is an extremely intelligent nerd under consideration for a General Motors scholarship, as he is skilled in designing engines. However, he's always dreamed of hanging out with the popular kids, especially Paris Morgan , a beautiful, popular cheerleader dating NBA star Dru Hilton. When Paris crashes her mother's expensive SUV during an argument with Dru, Alvin agrees to repair the car in return for two weeks of dating. Alvin uses money he had saved for his project, jeopardizing his scholarship. After a few missteps, Alvin begins to integrate himself with the popular crowd. He and Paris grow closer as she shares with him her secret love of music, but Alvin misinterprets her feelings and stages a break-up at the end of two weeks. Alvin continues to grow in popularity, alienating his former nerd friends and dating Paris's friends. At the end of year Senior Ditch Day, Dru returns, but leaves after he finds out Paris had been dating Alvin. In an attempt to get him back, Paris exposes her deal with Alvin to the whole school, returning him to mediocrity. Alvin's father  agrees to pay for the part, explaining to Alvin that he'd supported his sudden transformation because he wanted him to have some of the same experiences he did in high school. At the basketball game, Alvin stands up for his nerd friends against the former jocks. As Paris follows him out, she is stopped by Dru, but Paris blows him off for Alvin; and they kiss."] ["The Bellas are a proud family of Italian Americans living in Boston, Massachusetts. Joe is a soon-to-be retired construction worker and his wife Marilyn a home-maker. Their oldest son Tony is married, while their youngest daughter Jan is about to tie the knot herself. This leaves Renata, the eldest daughter, feeling upset and confused as to what the future may bring. After learning that her boyfriend Rob is not planning on marrying her, Renata leaves him for good. She winds up meeting a charming, albeit abrasive salesman named Sam Sharpe. The two begin a courtship but Renata's family is skeptical of Sam from the get-go, especially Jan. Their parents, Joe and Marilyn, are more easily manipulated by the fun-loving Sam, who has given their daughter a happy, up-scale life. But even they come to resent his uncouth behavior, chain-smoking and constant meddling. Sam and Renata are married and have a child, but Sam has a heart attack at the baptism and is confined to a wheelchair as a result. While watching Renata skate one day, Sam dies while still holding their baby. Renata mourns her husband, but at the same time is grateful for the time they spent together and for Sam changing her life for the better."] ['Henry Roth  is an obsessive-compulsive and somewhat misanthropic writer of children\'s books. His illustrator and only friend, Rudy , dies after a fabulously successful collaboration on their series of children\'s books about "Marty the Beaver." Henry is under contract to produce another Marty book for Christmas sales. His publisher, Arthur Planck , assigns penniless, lovelorn illustrator Lucy Reilly  to work with Henry. She\'s sought by her ex-boyfriend Jeremy , who dumped her two years ago but shows up apologetic, having dedicated his new book to her. She and Henry go to a house on the shore to work. Will love bloom amid the rocks, or is Henry a bump on Lucy\'s road to Jeremy? Rudy\'s voice, from the grave, gives Henry counsel.'] ['At Wellman College, thousands of hamsters are overrunning the entire campus, causing general chaos. This is due to the massively obese, yet loving and kind-hearted, professor Sherman Klump, who accidentally released them by grazing the switch that opens the hamster\'s cages. Meanwhile, Sherman has constructed an experimental formula that reconstructs the DNA of an obese person in a way that will allow them to lose weight more easily. After class, Sherman meets and instantly falls in love with Carla Purty, a chemistry graduate student who is a big fan of his work. After dinner with his obese, impolite family, Sherman asks Carla out on a date, which she accepts, much to Sherman\'s pleasant surprise. At the date, it begins well with Carla showing admiration for Sherman\'s work, but the club\'s wicked comic Reggie Warrington heckles him about his obesity. Sherman becomes depressed and has a nightmare in which he becomes a giant and wrecks the city with just a single fart, which is then accidentally lit on fire. He tests the serum on himself, and loses 250 pounds in seconds. Overwhelmed, he goes out and buys many normal size clothing as a celebration. Calling himself Buddy Love, he invites Carla out on a date at the same club again . Reggie is present again, and Buddy takes revenge and heckles him mercilessly; during which Buddy develops a personality of his own, as the high testosterone levels causes him to be overly assertive and confident and then stuffs him into a grand piano. The next morning, Dean Richmond has set up a meeting with Harlan Hartley at The Ritz to have Sherman describe the serum. Sherman arrives at The Ritz as Buddy with Carla. When the dean spots him, Carla asks Buddy if he will take Sherman\'s place. He does, and he takes all the credit of his work to Hartley. Hartley and the dean are very impressed with his work, and the dean invites him to the alumni ball. Meanwhile, Buddy picks up three beautiful women and invites them both back to his place for the night. After a falling out with Carla and Richmond gleefully telling Sherman that Buddy will be taking his place at the Alumni Ball, Sherman, having enough of his alter ego, destroys all of the serum samples. Unfortunately, Buddy has planned for this and hidden a sample in one of Sherman\'s diet shake cans, which Sherman drinks, causing him to transform into Buddy again. Sherman\'s young assistant Jason tries to stop him from going to the ball, but Buddy knocks him out and departs. At the ball, Buddy demonstrates the effects of the serum to the audience, but Jason arrives in time, as he has found out that Buddy\'s testosterone levels are at a lethally high 60,000%. The two of them get into a brief fist fight, but Sherman begins to fight Buddy from within. Sherman eventually transforms into his regular self and admits to the alumni of his misdeeds, that Buddy was who he thought he and everybody else wanted him to be, and that he should accept himself for who he is. As he leaves, Carla stops him and asks why he lied; he says he did not believe that she would accept him, but she says it doesn\'t matter if he is overweight or not. The film ends with Sherman and Carla dancing, and Hartley giving the grant to Sherman because he is "a brilliant scientist and a gentleman."'] ["The characters from the first film now have children, who have managed to get into the same situation as their parents many years ago. However, this story is not simply a remake of the original movie. Firstly, all of Lukashin's adventures were accidental, whereas here everything is done according to a plan thought up by Pavlik . His idea is to help his friend Evgeniy with his loneliness. To this end he dispatches Lukashin's son Kostya to Petersburg, where he acts in the same manner as his father 30 years ago. In flat 12 he meets Nadejda . She has a fiancé called Irakliy, a businessman. Kostantin's task is to lure Iracliy away from the flat, then wait for Nadejda's mother to come; he then makes her call Evgeniy Lukashin. Pavlik persuades Evgeniy to go to St. Petersburg. The plot becomes a story of two fights over a woman: Konstantin vs. Irakliy and Evgeniy vs. Ippolit. Finally Lukashins wins the competition, because Irakliy turns out to be too dull for Nadya and Nadejda understands that she was never in love with Ippolit."] ['{{Plot}} Dr. Michael Hfuhruhurr , a widowed brain surgeon renowned for inventing a method of \'cranial screw-top\' brain surgery, saves the life of Dolores Benedict , a gold-digging femme fatale who is accidentally run over by Hfuhruhurr when fleeing the scene of her latest husband\'s fatal coronary . As she recovers, Hfuhruhurr falls in love with her and they marry. However, trouble seems to begin right after he carries her over the threshold; Dolores torments Michael by pretending to be too ill to consummate the marriage, driving him into a frenzy of frustration. On a honeymoon/business trip to a medical conference in Vienna, a city living in fear of the serial "Elevator Killer", Hfuhruhurr meets mad scientist Dr. Alfred Necessiter ([[David Warner , who has created a radical new technique enabling him to store living brains in liquid-filled jars. After learning that his adored new wife is really "a cheap, vulgar slut," Hfuhruhurr discovers he can communicate telepathically with one of Necessiter\'s brains, that of Anne Uumellmahaye . Hfuhruhurr and the disembodied brain immediately fall in love. Eventually Dolores catches on to this when she spots him in a rowboat with Anne, and attempts to kill Anne, causing Michael to literally toss Dolores out of his house and into the mud, yelling that Dolores is out of his life and will never get a penny of his hard-earned millions. The convergence of a sudden rush of random murders and the possibility of brain transplantation causes Hfuhruhurr to speculate about how he might improve his lot in life. At first he consults with Dr. Necessiter on the basis his brain ought to be transplanted into a tank, but Necessiter informs him that brains in tanks do not actually survive for long, with Anne being his longest-lived brain to date, and instead recommends transplanting the brain into a recently deceased woman. As Hfuhruhurr searches for a female to kill so he can have the beloved brain implanted into a human body, he realizes that he is unable to kill. He professes this to the surgeon, who tells Hfuhruhurr that as a last resort he can implant the brain into a gorilla that he keeps in his laboratory. After giving this idea serious consideration for several seconds, Hfuhruhurr replies "I couldn\'t fuck a gorilla!" Determined to find a body for Anne, Hfuhruhurr drives to the city center with a syringe filled with window cleaner, the substance used by the Elevator Killer to kill his victims, and selects a prostitute with a squeaky voice to kill and take her body. However, after taking the hooker to her room, he realizes that if he were to do this, Anne would have a very high voice , thus Hfuhruhurr concludes that it is not worth the risk to murder her and leaves. Stepping into the elevator, he finds that Dolores has just been murdered by the Elevator Killer, who turns out to be Merv Griffin. Hfuhruhurr hurriedly takes Dolores\'s body to Necessiter\'s lab, but is stopped by the Austrian Police, who thinks that Michael was drunk driving. Michael explains to the police that he was driving sober, but Dolores is passed out from being drunk. After Hfuhruhurr passes a sobriety test , the police are convinced Michael was driving sober and send him on his way. However, as he drives away Dolores\' lifeless body flails, causing the police to correctly see that Dolores is not drunk, but dead, and promptly pursue Hfuhruhurr for murder. Hfuhruhurr makes it to the lab and Necessiter transfers Anne\'s consciousness to Dolores\'s body, which is viewed by the stunned policemen. However, in the process, Hfuhruhurr is electrically shocked by the equipment  and falls into a coma. Waking up six weeks later, back in his hometown, Hfuhruhurr finally meets up with Anne in Dolores\'s body. Anne reveals that her former body was that of a fat woman, and that she has gained considerable weight in her new body. However, Hfuhrhurr loves Anne for who she is, and takes no notice of her girth. They are married shortly thereafter, and reenact the previous over-the-threshold scene. The film ends with a request for the audience to report the whereabouts of Merv Griffin if they see him at large.'] ['Bradley Brinkman ([[Steve Levitt  is a nerd who has a hard time, working as a computer programmer, after his girlfriend dumps him for her Aerobics instructor. He can\'t get along at work, in a crowd, or find love; but, he strikes up a deal with Dr. D , . If he serves the devil, he gets to be the "hunk" he always wanted to be, able to get any woman he wants. The price is that he becomes a servant of the devil and spreads evil, terror and death throughout eternity. But, the voluptuous devil\'s agent O\'Brien, , gives Bradley a trial offer. He gets to live as Hunk Golden, , a stud who has the perfect tanned body and he can eat a lot without gaining weight, drink without getting drunk, cavity proof teeth, etc., until Labor Day, when he has to finalize the deal. Bradley/ Hunk seeks help from a psychiatrist, Dr. Sunny Graves, , to try and save his old soul and body. After Bradley/ Hunk rescues TV host Garrison Gaylord, , and it\'s caught on film by his TV Director, , Hunk becomes a celebrity. He has everything he ever dreamed of, and more. He now has it all, but he soon grows tired of the fame. He learns that all deals come with a price, and that being famous is not actually as glamorous and great as the fantasy once seemed to be. But, Bradley/ Hunk is afraid that going back to being just Bradley may lose him all this, and his new girlfriend. Unbeknownst to himself, his girlfriend also has a deal with the devil, and is in trouble herself, if Bradley/ Hunk does not go through with the deal.'] ['After ten years of marriage, New York millionaire socialite couple Brad  and Caroline Sexton  are miserable and have decided to call it quits. Their marital problems come to a head earlier that evening when Brad turns their 10th anniversary party into a real estate development pitch for a theme park he calls "The Holy Land", modeled after Biblical lore. The pitch turns disastrous when one of the display\'s special effects catches a guest\'s  dress on fire. At the same time, Brad\'s accountant, Bob Lachman , is up to his own tricks, making the Sextons\' millions disappear into his own pocket mostly through mismanagement and filing false tax returns. His money manipulation has caught the attention of the Internal Revenue Service , and field agent Frank Hall , demands to meet Bob and Brad the following morning to bring the obligations up to date...to the tune of $5,000,000. Bob arrives at the office early the following morning with a file box  and an agenda...leave before Brad arrives. Though he doesn\'t get out in time, he manages to finally evade Brad...and Hall, who has just shown up. Hearing a hint from Bob that the Sextons could be fleeing , Hall orders the freezing of all their assets. Brad is unable to access his money through an ATM and Caroline has her credit card destroyed at her table as she\'s having lunch with some friends. Brad is then informed that his accounts have been frozen, but the bank teller refuses to tell him why. He then gets Bob on the phone, who tells him that he himself is the cause of their newfound problems as he\'s headed for the airport. IRS Inspector Derek Lester ([[Larry Miller  loves his job  and joins Hall to serve the warrant and bring in the Sextons. As Brad exits the bank , Hall and Lester surround him at a bull statue on Wall Street. Brad takes out his new satellite phone to answer a call, but the trigger-happy Lester mistakes it for a gun and pulls out his own pistol, shooting it out of Brad\'s hand, much to Hall\'s chagrin. Brad flees on foot, steals a cab and happens to pick up Caroline. The Sextons get away from Hall and Lester and the NYPD  and leave New York. They crash the cab and find themselves in Intercourse, Pennsylvania; a small Lancaster-area community of Old Order Amish. Brad drops in on a conversation and after stealing some clothes, they masquerade as Jacob and Emma Yoder, a family\'s  expected cousins from Missouri. Samuel and Levinia , along with their sons and daughters, make the pair at home. The pair try to fit in, and while Brad manages to adjust well, the prima donna Caroline, deprived of cigarettes and creature comforts, throws various childlike tantrums when she and Brad are alone. Gradually, both learn to fit in through their own abilities. Brad with his knowledge of real estate values, helps Samuel\'s future son-in-law Henner buy a plot of land, and Caroline\'s knowledge of fashion helps their conservative ordnung relax their colorless dress code. The Sextons then rediscover why they fell in love in the first place, largely through their efforts of helping others rather than themselves. As Samuel and Levinia\'s daughter Rebecca is exchanging vows with Henner, the ceremony is interrupted by police and a drenched Hall and Lester, who crashed into the stolen cab. The Sextons are exposed and hauled back to New York to face trial. Brad\'s attorney Phil Kleinmann ([[Michael Lerner  informs them that he found Bob in Zurich and had him extradited back to America. A resisting Bob is then hauled into the courtroom by uniformed officers to face the Sextons. Brad thanks Bob for, in a way, saving their marriage, but doesn\'t forgive him and decks him. Charges against the Sextons are dropped. Brad and Caroline return to the Yoders to make things right, but their pleas for forgiveness seem to fall on deaf ears. As they\'re turning to leave, Samuel informs them that he and Levinia knew the whole time of the ruse. They said they put up with it because it was planting season and they needed the extra help. Brad offers to give his watch as a present only to be told that their Amish cannot accept gifts only trades. He then proceeds to trade the watch for Big John, a gargantuan Belgian horse that Brad  tamed largely by dumb luck, and some corn. Brad also tells Sam that maybe he should not open the back of the watch; the watch seems to have in it a risque picture which amuses him. The movie ends with Brad and Caroline driving a 1954 Ford pickup with a horse trailer hauling Big John. It\'s then revealed that the Sextons traded their 1997 Jaguar for the truck. In the closing credits, Brad contemplates buying the pond, where they crashed the cab and Caroline reveals she is pregnant with the couple\'s first child.'] ["In 1997, Sarah Huttinger, an obituary and wedding announcement writer for The New York Times, travels to Pasadena for her sister Annie's wedding accompanied by her fiancé Jeff Daly. At a pre-wedding party, Sarah learns from her grandmother Katharine that her mother Jocelyn ran off to Cabo San Lucas to spend time with her prep school classmate Beau Burroughs the week before her wedding to Sarah's father Earl. Jeff points out Sarah's parents were married just short of nine months before her birth, leading her to wonder if Beau might really be her biological father. Sarah also discovers her grandmother may have been the inspiration for Mrs. Robinson, an infamous character in the novel The Graduate. After the wedding, determined to find out more about Beau and her mother's past, Sarah decides to fly to San Francisco, where Beau, now a highly successful and very wealthy Silicon Valley Internet wizard, is addressing a seminar. She meets him and he admits to the affair, but assures Sarah he couldn't be her father because he suffered blunt testicular trauma while playing in a high school soccer game and as a result is sterile. The two go out for drinks, and the following morning Sarah awakens in Beau's bed in his Half Moon Bay home. Although guilt-stricken by her behavior, Sarah allows Beau to convince her to be his date at a charity ball, where she meets Beau's son Blake. Beau explains his wife wanted a biological child and was artificially inseminated to become pregnant. Mollified, Sarah kisses Beau and is caught by Jeff, who has returned to California to find her. Following an ensuing argument, Jeff leaves her. Dejected, Sarah returns to visit Katharine, who flies into a rage when she learns Beau has slept with her granddaughter. The two learn Annie suffered an anxiety attack while flying to her honeymoon and wants to talk to Sarah. Sarah tells her sister about the relationship three generations of Richelieu women have had with Beau. She reassures Annie she truly is in love with her husband, Scott, and in doing so realizes she's ready to marry Jeff. It's also revealed that Earl was the one who caused Beau his testicular trauma by accident. This gives Beau some actual nervousness being around him, but brings Katharine great joy and pleasure about her son-in-law. Earl reveals to Sarah he always knew about Jocelyn and Beau's affair. Despite Beau being a fling for her, Jocelyn returned to Earl because she loved him and he was someone with whom she could build a life. On the night she returned, Sarah was conceived. This explained the date difference between her birthday and her parents' wedding. Determined to win Jeff back, Sarah returns to New York City and tells her fiance about her feelings. They reconcile on the condition if they ever have a daughter, she won't be allowed anywhere near Beau. The film ends with Sarah and Jeff's wedding."] ["The film is set in Tuscany during the Black Death. As in the Decameron, ten young Florentines take refuge from the plague. But instead of telling stories, they have lusty adventures, bawdy exchanges, romance and swordplay. There are randy nuns, Saracen pirates, and a sexy cow. The Florentines are set to go to a villa that belonged to Pampinea's father to attend her wedding with Count Dzerzhinsky . Pampinea escapes to a convent to get away from everything that is going on and retain her chastity. At the convent she meets with Lorenzo who thinks Pampinea to be the most beautiful but is unaware that she is there. Pampinea kisses Lorenzo blindfolded and he falls in love with her. Pampinea sets out to the villa where she is to get married to Gerbino after he tricked her into believing that it was her father's wish to marry him. The priest marries them but then comes Count Dzerzhinsky to stop the wedding because he is the one who is supposed to marry Pampinea. Believing that Pampinea is Elissa he fights Gerbino and knocks his sword out of his hand. Then Lorenzo convinces the Count to let him fight Gerbino by the well.  While Lorenzo and Gerbino are sword fighting, Gerbino falls into the well and dies. Pampinea ends up with Lorenzo after he finds out that it was she who gave him the kiss and they live happily ever after.  The Count is with Elissa in the end as well."] ['When American diplomat William Gridley  arrives in London, he rents part of Carly Hardwicke\'s  house from her and promptly begins to fall in love. Gridley doesn\'t know that many people think she killed Miles Hardwick, her British husband, as he has disappeared, but without a body, the police can do nothing. Gridley\'s boss, the American ambassador , learns about it and doesn\'t take this "lapse of judgment" lightly. Since Carly is also American, Gridley saves his job by introducing her to the ambassador, who is promptly smitten and promises to help her. When a Scotland Yard detective arrives, wanting to get to the truth one way or another, they say they\'ll help him without letting Carly know they are investigating her. Events take a surprising turn when Miles Hardwicke  shows up alive and is accidentally shot and killed in a struggle with his wife. Carly escapes prosecution due to the eyewitness testimony of her crippled neighbor\'s private nurse but a new mystery develops over a candelabra which Carly recently pawned and was the cause of the argument between the former married couple. It turns out the candelabra was stuffed with stolen jewels but the item disappears again when the pawnbroker is murdered and Gridley and Carlyle join forces to solve the crime, culminating in a confrontation with the real murderer at a lovely seaside resort and a chase sequence with tunes from The Pirates of Penzance.'] ['Film star Kay Winters  is traveling through Paris under the pseudonym of Kay Summers. She meets Rene , a Frenchman who appears to be poor. He offers to give her a tour of the real Paris. Kay, who already had plans to attend dinner with Lady Malverton , agrees, having been charmed by the impetuous Rene. Once finished with the tour, they have dinner, and unexpectedly run into Lady Malverton and her party. Lady Malverton calls Rene over to her table, whom she had also invited to join her party, and when he returns he discovers that Kay has left. However, she left a note asking him to lunch with her the following day. Kay returns to her hotel, to see Phillip Chester  waiting for her, the man who is in love with her. The next day, Kay is waiting by the fountain and Rene discovers that he has overslept. His friend, Dewey Gilson , has taken too long getting Rene\'s suit from the pawn shop and while Rene waits, helplessly, as Kay prepares to leave their meeting place. However, he runs down and obtains two carpets from a salesman, wrapping them around himself as a form of wealthy robe. He alerts Kay that he will be ready to have lunch in just a while, but two women, who believe that he is selling the carpets, demand to buy them. In an argument about who can buy the carpets between the women and Kay, the carpets are pulled from Rene and he runs away in his underwear. Later, Rene discovers that Kay is actually a movie star. Before he can contact her, however, she leaves for London. Rene follows her. He comes to her house at a party in which Kay has ordered her guests to appear in masks of their favorite animals. Upon seeing Rene, she invites him to dinner, where Lady Malverton tells him to demonstrate his skills as a chef. After tasting the food that Rene prepares, Kay, as a joke, offers him a job as her cook. Rene, delighted, accepts without Kay knowing. Meanwhile, Phillip begs Kay to marry him, but she again postpones her answer. Lady Malverton finds Rene in the kitchen, where he tells her that he has taken the job of being Kay\'s chef. Lady Malverton spreads the gossip. The following morning Kay is delivered breakfast by Rene and begs him to leave. Rene tells her he has no such intention and answers the phone several times and tells everyone he is Kay\'s chef. Lady Malverton arrives with a swarm of gossips and demands to know the truth. Kay tells them that she has hired him as a chef. Nonetheless, the tabloids are already running reports that Rene is Kay\'s "love chef". Kay, undaunted, accepts Phillip\'s proposal of marriage and orders an engagement dinner. Rene does his best to spoil the dinner and succeeds, with Phillip walking out of the house after a fight between him and Kay. Rene finally gets Kay to admit she loves him, but she tells him that she will not marry him as the difference in social status between them will earn her the derision of everyone she knows. Rene tells her that he is a French marquis and leaves, angered by her silly fears. Kay follows him into an opera house where they kiss before an unexpected audience.'] ['Three young women team up to rent a beach house in Malibu. One of them lands a job in a high school thanks to an investment broker she meets jogging along the beach. Another is taking acting lessons and enjoys horseback riding, though the young owner of the stable, John Logan , turns out to be more interesting than the riding itself. And the third woman practices her guitar, shuns the owner of the studio where she records, and hangs out with her hunk cousin Steve, the fourth roommate in the house.'] ['Mun-su  and Na Young-ju  are classmates in a private English class. Mun-su frequently chases women while working in his shoe shop. However, Young-ju has an unreciprocated interest in him. They eventually became friends, and frequently sit together in class. One day, Young-ju boasts about a pig in her grandparents\' farm who can recognize the English alphabet. The class decide to visit the pig, only to discover it had been eaten the same day . Young-ju tries to train a piglet to recognize the alphabet; when her efforts are discovered by Mun-su, he helps. However, the pig escapes, and has to be recaptured. The class and Young-ju\'s family have a party that night.  Returning on the bus, Young-ju catches Mun-su showing a photo of a woman whom she mistakenly believes is his girlfriend. A depressed Young-ju skips classes. Her teacher, an Australian woman, tries to convince her to come back. Young-ju attends a farewell party for the class, but Mun-su is absent. Afterwards she meets Mun-su\'s mother, who is looking for him. She discovers that his mother is about to meet the girl in the photo. The girl, known as Victoria or Mun-young, speaks no Korean and needs Young-ju to translate. As Mun-su\'s mother, wearing a hanbok, talks, Young Ju, who thinks Victoria is her rival, purposefully translates incorrectly and says, "You looked more beautiful in the photo." Victoria is astonished. Young-ju tells Victoria that everybody hates her because she is not Korean. Victoria asks her to tell Mun-su\'s mother that she came with good intentions and leaves. Mun-su arrives to find his mother weeping. Young-ju hides. Victoria has checked out of the hotel, but Young-ju stops her car, and admits that she lied. Victoria hugs Mun-su and his mother. Young-ju boards a train, but Mun-su leaves his family to follow her. She tries to hide from him, but he loudly confesses that Victoria is not his girlfriend, but his long-lost sister from New York. Mun-su finds Young-ju, and they kiss, and the entire train cheers. They marry and have a baby.'] ['Violet Sanford  leaves her hometown of South Amboy, New Jersey, her father Bill , and best friend Gloria  to pursue her dreams of becoming a songwriter in nearby New York City. The pizza shop where she works has a wall covered with the autographs of employees that left, hoping to make it big, and Violet adds hers to the wall. Violet tries unsuccessfully, dozens of times, to get her demo tape noticed by the recording studios. One night, she tries to get herself noticed by a music industry scout. The bartender jokingly points out Kevin O\'Donnell , making her believe that he is the bar owner. When the joke is discovered, Violet feels that Kevin was making a fool out of her. With only a few dollars left in her pocket after her apartment is robbed, she goes to an all-night diner and notices three girls, Cammie , Rachel , and Zoe , flaunting the hundreds of dollars in tips they earned. After inquiring, she finds out that they work at a trendy bar named Coyote Ugly. She finds her way to the bar and convinces the bar owner Lil  to hire her. Lil explains that she did so because Violet looks like a kindergarten teacher and the average patron "has a toddler in their pants" and that the "kids" will love her. She is reluctantly nicknamed "Jersey". After starting her job, she quickly discovers she must learn the ropes of singing, dancing, and performing wild acts before a rowdy crowd. One night a patron takes a picture of Violet in the middle of a raunchy move and with water pouring on her. When the picture appears in the paper, Violet\'s father happens to see it and gets angry at her. She continues to pursue her dream, though, and performs at an open mic night at the Bowery Ballroom with the "Coyotes" from the Coyote Ugly saloon, her father, her best friend, and Kevin all there for moral support. The performance goes over very well and she finally lands a deal with a record label. The film concludes back at Coyote Ugly with LeAnn Rimes, as a Coyote, singing Violet\'s song. Violet joins in as her father and Kevin watch from the audience.'] ['Evie Harris  is a washed-up, alcoholic, aging C-List actress (star of kinetoscope, stage, television, and film in such works as the TV special "Christmas Evie," vaudeville-era appearances promoting \'Dr. Vim\'s Miracle Elixir,\' "Court TV: Celebrities Who Kill," [[Tabitha . She lives in a tackily out-of-style bungalow with Coco , a homely, lonely, doormat of a spinster who carries a torch for the handsome young doctor who performed her abortion years ago. Evie\'s life is turned upside-down by the arrival of a new roommate, Varla Simonds , the voracious, starry-eyed daughter of Evie\'s rival, late actress Marla Simonds . Evie acts very competitive around Varla, especially as she recognizes the growing chemistry between the young up-and-comer and her sweet, handsome and microscopically endowed son and "ambulance chasing" lawyer, Stevie . When Varla snags a plum starring role in commercials for "Bizzy Gal dinners," tensions and jealousies amongst the three women reach a boiling point and treachery soon rears its ugly head.'] ['Angie  is an office worker who lives in the Bensonhurst section of Brooklyn, New York and dreams of a better life. After learning that she is pregnant by her boyfriend Vinnie , she decides that she will have the baby, but not Vinnie as a husband. This turns the entire neighborhood upside down and starts her on a journey of self discovery, including a love affair with a man named Noel  she meets at an art museum. Even her best friend Tina  has trouble understanding Angie.'] ["Chicken Rice War is loosely based on William Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet. In this movie the Montagues and Capulets are represented by the families Wong and Chan. Both families run Chicken Rice stalls side by side in the same market, something that the authorities say is impossible, since it's not allowed. The underlying conflict is about the secret family recipes that has been kept secret for generations, but apart from that nobody really knows what the fight is about. Audrey Chan is a beautiful, vain and spoilt girl who is the most popular girl in school. Fenson Wong is an insecure young man with a stutter who, of course, is madly in love with Audrey. Their only common interest is Shakespeare and the version of Romeo and Juliet that they are setting up at school. When Fenson gets the chance to replace Audrey's beautiful but dim boyfriend as Romeo he starts seriously dreaming about capturing Audrey's heart."] ["Pierre Mirande , is a Venetian tour guide from a poor French family who falls in love with Barbara Billings , a wealthy American tourist whose father . Although Barbara loves Pierre as well, her suitor, Ronnie  and her father see him as a fortune-hunter. Barbara's mother  persuades her husband to give Pierre a job in his chewing-gum factory in the States. Despite living in a dingy boardinghouse and being given the hardest job in the plant, he manages to captivate his landlady  and the maid  with his humorous songs. Unfortunately, he falls asleep on the night he is to attend Barbara's party, and is then fired when he is wrongly accused of spilling rum on some chewing gum samples. He wins back his job, and is promoted as well, when he sells liquor-coated chewing gum as a sales gimmick. Barbara disapproves, and plans to marry Ronnie, but Pierre whisks her away in a speedboat.Erickson, Hal Plot synopsisTCM Full synopsis"] ["Marion is a French-born photographer living in New York City with her neurotic, hypochondriacal, chain-smoking, heavily tattooed American interior designer boyfriend Jack. After a markedly unromantic trip to Venice, which was planned to re-ignite the passion in their relationship, they take a night train to Paris to pick up Marion's cat from her parents and decide to stay for two days. Jack is startled to learn Marion has remained in contact with numerous ex-lovers and becomes increasingly uncomfortable due to the language barrier and a multitude of her old flames she keeps meeting. Meanwhile, Marion wrestles with her own insecurities about love, relationships, and her impulsive nature."] ["Paul Manning discovers one day that his dear friend and neighbor Ed Stander has been cheating on his wife. Curious, he asks Ed about it and is given the history and tactics of men who have successfully committed adultery. With each new story, Paul can't help but notice the attractive blonde, Irma Johnson, who lives nearby. Paul gets close to cheating on his wife Ruth, but he never quite goes through with it. In a scene near the end when he is in a motel room with another woman, he hears sirens approaching. He panics and waits for the police, only to find them going to the room next door where his friend Ed is in bed with Mrs. Johnson. Paul takes this opportunity to flee the scene and run home to his beloved wife."] ['Happy American bachelor Raj  reluctantly attends his cousin\'s wedding in Mumbai where he finds himself pushed towards marriage by his overzealous uncle . His uncle\'s employee, Namrata , begrudgingly chaperones Raj on a series of set-ups that he deliberately sabotages. Eventually on one of these dates, Raj watches Namrata dancing and realizes he loves her. He finally gets the strength to tell her, but to his surprise he discovers she has a son, Aditya, and is already married. Raj is confused, but forms a strong fatherly relationship with her son anyway. His uncle informs him that Namrata\'s husband disappeared right before Aditya\'s birth; although Namrata is still technically married, Raj takes heart. Soon enough, however, she finds out about Raj\'s feelings. In turmoil, she attempts to distance herself from him, knowing they can never be together. Nevertheless, Raj follows her to Aditya\'s boarding school, having promised the boy to pose as his father. While Raj drives Namrata home, he sarcastically comments that her circumstances must have been her fault. Upset, she tells Raj that her husband was the one that left her for another woman whilst she was pregnant. Eventually Namrata comes round and they both get together. Raj is about to introduce Namrata to his mother, but just as she is about to leave for the party her husband Sanjeev ([[Arbaaz Khan  walks back into her life to begin where they left off. She does not want anything to do with him, but she grudgingly takes him back even though she is now in love with Raj. After a chance meeting with Sanjeev, Raj invites Sanjeev to his cousin\'s wedding. Adi also comes and goes straight to Raj and calls him "Dad." Sanjeev, jealous and angry, insults Raj and his family and creates a scene at the wedding. Namrata, finally gets the courage to tell Sanjeev that she is no longer his wife and that she is in love with Raj. Raj and Namrata get married, have a child and live happily ever after.'] ["Nicole is in love with her boyfriend Robbie and is ready to start talking about marriage. Unfortunately for her, he hasn’t even thought about a future with her. She moves to San Francisco to start a new life, and ends up with Robbie's brother Brian as her roommate for one month. Just as Nicole and Brian realize they have feelings for each other, Robbie wants to try a relationship with Nicole again."] [' Chaplin portrays a womanizing city man who meets Tillie  in the country after a fight with his girlfriend . When he sees that Tillie\'s father has a very large bankroll for his workers, he persuades her to elope with him. In the city, he meets the woman he was seeing already, and tries to work around the complication to steal Tillie\'s money. He gets Tillie drunk in a restaurant and asks her to let him hold the pocketbook. Since she is drunk, she agrees, and he escapes with his old girlfriend and the money. Later that day, they see a picture show entitled "A Thief\'s Fate," which illustrates their thievery in the form of a morality play. They both feel guilty and leave the theatre. While sitting on a park bench, a paperboy asks him to buy a newspaper. He does so, and reads the story about Tillie\'s Uncle Banks, a millionaire who died while on a mountain-climbing expedition. Tillie is named sole heir and inherits three million dollars. The man leaves his girlfriend on the park bench and runs to the restaurant, where Tillie is now forced to work to support herself, as she is too embarrassed to go home. He begs her to take him back and marries her. Although she is skeptical at first, she believes that he truly loves her. They move into the uncle\'s mansion and throw a big party, which ends horribly when Tillie finds her husband with his old girlfriend, smuggled into the house and working as one of their maids. The uncle is found on a mountaintop, and didn\'t die after all. He goes back to his mansion, which was in disarray after Tillie instigated a gunfight  which, luckily, didn\'t harm anyone. Uncle Banks insists that Tillie be arrested for the damage she has caused to his house. The three run from the cops all the way to a dock, where a car "bumps" Tillie into the water. She flails about, hoping to be rescued. She is eventually pulled to safety, and both Tillie and the man\'s girlfriend realize that they are too good for him. He leaves, and the two girls become friends.'] ["Years ago, a mob boss named Lucio Malatesta  pinned the murder of rival Sammy Carboni  on another rival named Angelo Allieghieri , which led to Sammy's son Gianni vowing revenge. Frankie Delano  has spent his life safeguarding Angelo as well as Angelo's daughter, Jennifer Barrett , whose unsavory husband Kip Barrett  has had their young son Rawley  placed in a boarding school against Jennifer's wishes. Jennifer was raised by her adoptive parents Whitney Towers  and Peggy Towers  and is not aware that Angelo is her father. After Angelo is killed in a restaurant by a hit man named Bruno , Frankie introduces himself, tells Jennifer who he is and what he has been doing. A neurotic mess, Jennifer can barely handle the news that Kip is a philanderer, let alone the revelation that she is a gangster's daughter. But a DVD prepared by Angelo in the case of just such an event convinces Jennifer that it's the truth. Jennifer certainly doesn't want a full-time bodyguard, even Frankie. She ditches Kip and then falls for Italian romance novelist Marcello , who lectures at her book club. Frankie has suspicions about Marcello, but his job is to stay on the sidelines. Frankie rescues Jennifer from a string of attacks. With many of Angelo's enemies, including Lucio Malatesta, terminated, Frankie allows her to visit Italy with Marcello. But it turns out that Marcello is actually Gianni Carboni, who had Angelo killed. And now Gianni plans to kill Jennifer. It's up to Frankie to protect her one more time."] ['After first meeting at a summer camp as teenagers, Emma  and Adam  run into each other over the next few years but never managed to stay in regular contact. Emma is now a resident at a Los Angeles hospital and Adam is a production assistant for a musical TV show. Adam\'s father , a former TV star, has begun a relationship with Adam\'s ex-girlfriend, Vanessa , which leads Adam to get drunk and call every woman in his phone seeking a hookup. The next day, he wakes to find that he text-messaged Emma and had come to the house she shares with some other residents, including her best friend Patrice . Emma leads Adam to her bedroom to retrieve his pants, where the two of them wind up having sex. Because of both her belief that no two people were meant to be together forever and the pressures of her job, Emma proposes they have casual sex with each other before setting some ground rules to prevent their relationship from becoming too serious. At first things go well, but then Adam starts becoming jealous of the possibility of Emma being with another doctor, Sam . Although denying he is jealous, Adam starts presenting her with gifts, which she rebuffs. Adam becomes more distraught when his father invites him to dinner with Vanessa on Adam\'s birthday, where they announce they’re planning to have a baby together. Emma, who accompanied Adam to the dinner, berates the couple while defending Adam. Adam eventually convinces her to go out with him on a date on Valentine’s Day. Things come to a head when Emma starts becoming too uncomfortable about being on a date with Adam. Adam tells Emma he loves her, but she grows angry, telling him he should go out with another woman who \'isn\'t going to hurt you\'. Adam drops Emma off at her hospital and drives off. Six weeks later, a script Adam had written for his show is being filmed, and Adam gets a regular writing job on the show thanks to the help of Lucy , the top assistant to the show\'s creator who makes it clear she\'s attracted to him. Emma, meanwhile, has become distraught at not being with Adam, which is compounded by her younger sister Katie\'s  wedding the next day and her widowed mother  arriving with a new boyfriend. Emma tries calling Adam, but Adam rebuffs her on the phone. Emma realizes she wants to be with him, and drives down to his home. Adam, however, arrives home with Lucy, whom Emma takes to be Adam\'s new girlfriend. Emma tearfully starts driving back to the wedding. Before Adam and Lucy can have sex, Vanessa calls Adam—his father is in the hospital, having overdosed on Purple Drank. Arriving at the hospital, Vanessa confesses that she doesn\'t want to be with an older man and that she\'s scared of old people. She dumps her dog off on Adam and leaves for a party. Adam talks to his father and chastises him, but tells him he\'ll call the next day. On the way out, Adam calls Emma back. Adam angrily tells Emma she needs to have the conversation she wants in person –\xa0which she does; Emma’s friend and resident Shira  noticed Adam\'s father arriving and called Emma. Adam and Emma reconcile, and after a morning of eating breakfast, they go together to Emma’s sister’s wedding. Emma asks, "So, what happens now?" and Adam silently holds her hand. The film concludes with a montage of events including Adam\'s father and Lucy having dinner as a new couple, Patrice dating Adam\'s roommate Eli and meeting his same-sex parents, an arrogant resident who Emma left for Adam telling Shira he thinks they should date other people , the resident deciding to experiment with Shira\'s gay roommate, Katie going into labor, Vanessa looking horrified as she\'s stuck in an elevator packed with senior citizens, and Adam and Emma being happy together as a couple.'] ["Seventeen-year-old Susan Turner  develops a crush on Richard Nugent , a sophisticated bachelor who gives a lecture on art at her high school. Susan's uncle, a psychiatrist, believes Richard is an innocent bystander, but manages to persuade him to play along with Susan until the infatuation ends. He reluctantly agrees. When his efforts to shake her off fail, he throws himself into the charade, hoping Susan's older sister Margaret  will put an end to the affair. The film ends with Nugent and Margaret falling in love and Susan returning happily to her high school sweetheart, Jerry ."] ["Love Is All There Is is a modern retelling of the Romeo and Juliet story. It is set in the Bronx during the 1990s. The Cappamezzas , Bronx-born Sicilians, own a local catering business. They develop a bitter rivalry with the pretentious Malacicis , recent immigrants from Florence and owners of a fine Italian restaurant. The Cappamezzas' son, Rosario,  falls in love with the Malacicis' daughter, Gina,  after she replaces the obese star of the neighborhood church's staging of Romeo and Juliet. The rivalry intensifies after Rosario deflowers Gina after a fight with her parents. The movie was filmed at Greentree Country Club in New Rochelle, NY and many scenes were shot in City Island, Bronx, New York."] [" Muthu  comes to the city from his village for a song contest. He meets Ravikanth  in the city and they both work hard for the song contest. Muthu tells Ravikanth about how he fell in love with Devayani  and how he got her to love him. Devayani is the daughter of a song teacher in his village. He came to this contest so he could win the money and pay off the loan his mother had to the village leader. They both work together and end up winning the song contest. Muthu then goes back to his village with joy and finds out a flood had come and Meena's house had been destroyed, it was reported that her father and her body had not been found. Muthu thinks that Meena is dead, and is very sad. He then goes and gives the money to the village leader, paying off his mother's debt. His mother takes him to the city so that they can find a job and so that Muthu can forget about Meena. When they reach the city Muthu finds out that his song was a big hit. Therefore he had become very popular. The holder of the song contest  calls on Muthu to come work for him. Muthu does not want to, but his mother persuades him. He then works for Janakaraj and his daughter falls in love with Muthu. Muthu who is still in love with Meena refused to marry Janakaraj's daughter . His mother says Meena won't come back and she wishes to see his marriage. Therefore he marries Roja. Soon after the marriage she has to go on a business trip to the USA. Meena was in fact alive but has amnesia. Muthu's songs are playing on the radio and Meena happens to hear it and she remembers again. She promptly gets on the bus to the city from a village where she was helping the fisherman who saved her life. She meets Muthu at the recording studio. He is surprised and overjoyed but doesn't tell her about his marriage to Roja Selvamani . Meena is then adamant to get married soon, so they both get married. He then juggles both of his lives . He nearly gets caught when both Roja Selvamani and Muthu with Meena go to the saree shop and bump into each other. So to prove that they are two different people he takes a photo and photoshops it to show two of him shaking hands. They then all believe Muthu and Veera are different people. A thief who Muthu had caught and handed over to the police takes revenge by kidnapping his wives. The thief also knows that both are one person, and when he comes to save them it is revealed that both are one person. After he saves them both his wives fight over him, one says that he officially married her first  while the other says that she fell in love first. His wives don't want to share. When he tries to explain they go away angrily. Muthu then leaves the city to go back to his village. When he gets home he finds them both in his house. The film ends with them both holding his bag as he enters the house. www.veeratamilan.com"] ['The film begins with Carrie, Samantha, Charlotte, and Miranda meeting up with each other which turns into a flashback to how Carrie arrived in New York City in 1986, then met Charlotte in 1987, Miranda in 1988, and finally Samantha in 1989. All are married except Samantha, who is 52 and trying to keep her libido alive with hormones while dealing with menopause. The four of them attend Anthony and Stanford\'s wedding, where Carrie serves as "best man." Miranda quits her job after the new managing partner disrespects her once too often. Charlotte\'s two children are a handful and she\'s worried that Harry is attracted to their buxom Irish nanny, Erin. Carrie\'s marriage to Mr. Big has settled down, though they differ on how to spend their spare time. For their anniversary, Carrie gives Mr. Big a vintage Rolex watch engraved with a romantic message, while he, much to her dismay, shows her a new TV in their bedroom as his gift, which Big says they can use to watch old movies together, something they did at the hotel at Anthony and Stanford\'s wedding and seemed to enjoy. Carrie, however, is disappointed, as she had hoped for jewelry as a gift. Meanwhile, Samantha has been approached by an Arab sheikh to devise a PR campaign for his business. He offers to fly her and her friends on an all-expenses-paid luxury vacation to Abu Dhabi. The girls happily accept, although Carrie is worried about the separation from Big and Charlotte is worried about leaving her husband alone with the nanny. Only Miranda, unfettered by a job for the first time in her life, is enthusiastic. Upon entering Abu Dhabi, Samantha\'s hormone-enhancing drugs are confiscated under UAE law. This renders her devoid of estrogen; her famous libido goes dead. Charlotte tries to call Harry every few minutes; Miranda revels in the luxury surrounding her, while Carrie befriends her manservant, Gaurau. Carrie runs into her former lover, Aidan. He proposes dinner à deux at his hotel and she decides to meet Aidan for dinner. The dinner is very enjoyable, with the two discussing old times. Aidan remarks on the ways Carrie is "not like other women". In a moment of remembered passion, they kiss. Carrie runs away in panic and returns to the hotel. Back at the hotel, Miranda and Charlotte have drinks together and discuss the difficulties of motherhood. Carrie arrives, tells her friends about the kiss, and asks them whether she should tell Big, as they have no secrets between them. Miranda reflects on the events of the previous film, when her husband, Steve, told her about his affair. Samantha counsels Carrie to wait before deciding anything. Carrie opts to call Big to tell him. Big is silent upon hearing the news, and after saying a few words, hangs up. The four women find their style and Western attitudes contrast with Muslim customs. While on a date with a handsome Dane, Samantha is arrested for public indecency after fondling him at a restaurant and making out with him on the beach. With the Sheikh\'s intervention, Samantha is released, but is left with a permanent police record. Worse, the Sheikh cancels the PR meeting and ceases paying for the women\'s luxurious perks. They quickly pack their bags and leave, but must return to the souk to find Carrie\'s passport. When Samantha\'s flamboyance nearly incites a riot, the girls are rescued by a group of Muslim women who share their sense of style under their black robes. When Carrie returns home, she finds the bedroom television removed and Big gone. She passes an anxious day, at the end of which he returns. Big tells her that although he was "pretty torn up", he realizes that what she needs is something to remind her at all times that she is married. He hands her a jewelry box, which reveals an engagement ring set with a black diamond. When Carrie asks him why a black diamond, he says, "Because you\'re not like anyone else", echoing Aidan\'s earlier comment. The problems the women faced at the beginning of the film are resolved. Big and Carrie combine their interests; Charlotte\'s nanny, Erin, turns out to be a lesbian and is no threat to her marriage; Miranda finds a new job where she is appreciated, and Samantha stays the same, even meeting up with the Danish doctor she met in Abu Dhabi for sex on the beach.'] ['Jennifer Burrows and Ryan Walker meet as teenagers aboard an airplane and quickly find out that they both have different views on life. Several years later, Ryan is mascot to his high school, while Jennifer is elected Homecoming Queen of hers. During the halftime ceremony between the two schools, Ryan is chased by the rival mascots and loses his mascot head, only to find it run over by Jennifer\'s ceremonial car. Jennifer later finds Ryan and tries to console him about his costume. The two, again realizing they are too different and do not get along as friends, part ways once more. A year later, Ryan and Jennifer are students at UC Berkeley. Ryan is in a steady, structured relationship with his high school sweetheart, Betty and Jennifer is in a wild, spontaneous, sex-crazed relationship with a musician. Ryan meets his roommate Hunter , who uses deception and lies as a way to meet women. Jennifer moves in with her best friend Amy after her breakup with her musician boyfriend. Jennifer and Ryan encounter each other through circumstance with Ryan at one point, even dating Amy. Not reciprocating his feelings, Amy has Jennifer "breakup" with Ryan for her. Their friendship blossoms through this and the two slowly start enjoying each other\'s company. Jennifer is a Latin major who is witty, literary, and an independent free-spirit. Ryan majors in structural engineering who is deliberate, serious, and requires planning in life. They take walks, console each other over break-ups, and gradually become best friends. Jennifer even talks Ryan into dating again, as he starts seeing a girl named Megan. One night, in a cynical mood towards love, Jennifer breaks down and Ryan tries to console her. To their equal surprise, the two make love. Afraid of commitment, Jennifer\'s response is to run away from continued intimacy and to remain friends. Ryan is hurt by her response that sleeping together was a mistake. Realizing he loves Jennifer, he breaks up with Megan and withdraws himself to his studies. As months pass, Jennifer graduates and readies herself to travel Italy. After not seeing Ryan for some time, she encounters him at a hilltop overseeing the Golden Gate Bridge. Ryan confesses his feelings towards her and the two try to absolve the tension, but realizing she does not feel the same, Ryan leaves her to her thoughts and wishes her well in Italy. On the shuttle to the airport, Jennifer passes the same hilltop where the two used to spend time together and realize she indeed loves Ryan. She immediately races back to her apartment and finds Amy frantically getting dressed to greet her. Hunter, or Steve at this point, confidently strolls out of Amy\'s bedroom and tells Jennifer that Ryan is heading back on a plane to Los Angeles. While waiting for departure, Ryan hears Jennifer confess her love for him in Latin. After a brief convincing and feeling the wrath of a flight attendant, the two rekindle their romance where they first met — on an airplane.'] ['Lorry Jones  is working as a hostess at the local USO canteen in "Missoula, Missouri," where she performs as a singer and signs photographs of herself for adoring soldiers. It is her job to keep them happy and routinely accept every marriage proposal. One of her suitors, Marine Sergeant George Davis ([[Roger Clark , does not realize she has no real intention of marrying him. Meanwhile, Lorry and her best friend, Kay Pritchett , have accepted jobs as stenographers in Washington, D.C., but they tell the soldiers that they are going on a USO tour. The night before leaving for Washington, D.C., they go out partying in New York City. Upon arriving in the city by train, they are welcomed by Navy hero Tommy Dooley ([[John Harvey , who fought at the Battle of Guadalcanal.  That night, they try to get into the Club Chartreuse, but are not allowed to go in without escorts. Lorry does not want to leave and tells the lie that she is meeting Tommy and his friend, Dud Miller , in the club. She is not aware that Tommy is the best friend of Eddie Hall ([[Joe E. Brown , the club\'s owner. When Eddie is told that Lorry and Kay are escorts of Tommy, he lavishes them with champagne. When Tommy and Dud arrive, Tommy thinks Eddie has set them up in blind dates with the girls. Dud believes the two women are actresses. Before Tommy can prove Dud wrong, Kay drunkenly tells them she and Lorry are in the Broadway musical Remember Me. Molly McKay , star singer at the club, does not believe Kay, until Lorry, telling everyone her name is Laura Lorraine, performs a song without trouble. Lorry and Kay eventually spend their night dancing with Tommy and Dud and leave for Washington the next morning. The men lose the women\'s address by accident. Two weeks later, Lorry and Kay are insulted with not having heard from their beaus. Meanwhile, Lorry is bored with her life as a stenographer, until Tommy and Dud surprisingly show up in Washington. Lorry is assigned as his stenographer, but does not want him to find out her real career. She decides to disguise herself, so he will not recognize her as Laura. Lorry sets up a date between Tommy and "Laura." At their date, Tommy tells her he loves dating an actress. She is hurt and tells him she is going to give up her stage life. Tommy responds by offering her a job at Eddie\'s club. Molly is jealous when she finds out, but sees an opportunity to get rid of her when George comes to town and recognizes her as Lorry. She introduces George to Tommy, who is insulted when he hears the truth. When Lorry finds out what has happened, she tells George she has no intention of marrying him. Laura then dresses as stenographer Lorry and visits Tommy to beg him to give "Laura" another chance. Things do not go her way, however, so she reveals that she is both Lorry and Laura. Tommy eventually forgives her.'] ['Strictly Ballroom tells the story of an Australian ballroom dancer, Scott Hastings , and his struggle to establish his personal style of dance in his way to win the Pan-Pacific Grand Prix Dancing Championship. Scott\'s steps are not strictly ballroom. Scott comes from a family with a history of ballroom dancing and has been training since childhood. Scott\'s mother Shirley teaches ballroom dancing, and his father Doug meekly handles maintenance chores at the dance studio. After losing a competition to a rival pair, his dancing partner Liz Holt  leaves him for another dancer. With only weeks before the next Pan-Pacific competition, try-outs begin to find Scott a new dance partner but, unknown to his parents, Scott secretly begins rehearsing with frumpy outsider Fran , a learner dancer at his parents\' studio. Scott is initially skeptical, but when Fran introduces pasodoble steps into their routine, Scott realises her potential. He walks her home one night and finds her Spanish gypsy family living in a tiny home next to the railway tracks, where Fran\'s family show him the authentic Spanish pasodoble style. As their rehearsals progress, Fran grows more attractive and self-confident. Scott begins spending all his time rehearsing with Fran at her house, until Barry Fife ([[Bill Hunter , the conniving president of the Australian Dancing Federation, tells Scott he must know "the truth" about his parents, Doug and Shirley — they too were ballroom dancing champions until they lost the Pan-Pacific Grand Prix. Fife claims this was because Doug had become self-obsessed and danced his own steps. Barry convinces Scott to dance with Liz instead of Fran so he can win "for his father\'s sake". However, this is later revealed as a lie, part of Barry\'s plot to fix the competition so Scott and Liz will lose. Scott starts training with Liz, while an unhappy Fran goes back to the beginner\'s class. At the Pan-Pacific Grand Prix, Scott\'s father finally manages to pull Scott aside and tells the real story — Doug never danced at the competition because Barry convinced Shirley the only way to win was to dance the conventional steps with their friend Les, but Shirley and Les lost the contest anyway. After hearing his father\'s revelation, Scott finds Fran and asks her to dance with him. Scott and Fran return to the floor and "dance from the heart", drawing cheers and tears of joy from the crowd. A furious Barry Fife interrupts the performance and disqualifies them, but they dance anyway; finally, the music resumes and the couple\'s spirited dancing brings down the house. In the end, it is not revealed whether Scott and Fran win or lose, as in the story, that is not an important factor. As the performance ends, Doug asks Shirley to dance. The entire audience steps onto the dance floor and all begin dancing as Fran and Scott kiss.'] ['Julianne Potter , a 27-year-old New York restaurant critic, receives a call from her longtime friend Michael O\'Neil . In college, the two made an agreement that if neither of them were married by the time they turned 28, they would marry each other. Three weeks before her 28th birthday, Michael tells her that in four days, he will marry Kimberly Wallace , a 20-year-old University of Chicago student from a wealthy family. Julianne is upset that Michael will marry someone so wrong for him, and someone he has known for such a short period of time. She realizes that she is in love with Michael, and heads to Chicago, intent on sabotaging his wedding. Soon after arriving she meets Kimberly, who asks her to be the maid of honor. This sets off a comical scenario in which Julianne must pretend to be the dutiful maid of honor while secretly scheming ways to prevent the wedding from happening. She engages in petty sabotage - for example, taking Kimberly and Michael to a karaoke bar after discovering that Kimberly is a terrible singer - and later asks her gay friend George Downes  to pretend they are engaged, hoping to make Michael jealous. When these tactics fail, George persuades Julianne to do the obvious: tell Michael she is in love with him. On the morning of the wedding, Michael gets Julianne alone and tells her that it\'ll be the last time they ever get to be alone. He expresses some skepticism in marrying Kim, explaining that he and Kim don\'t share a special song like he and Julianne do. Michael discreetly gives Julianne the invitation to tell him she\'s in love with him, but she lets the moment "pass her by". Michael starts singing their song as he grabs Julianne and holds her while they dance one last time. Afterwards, they take a walk and Julianne confesses her love to Michael, asks him to marry her instead, and passionately kisses him. Kimberly witnesses this and runs off, but Michael chases her. Julianne pursues him but finally realizes Michael loves Kimberly. She apologizes and explains that she kissed Michael unexpectedly, but he didn\'t kiss her back because he was in love with Kimberly. After the wedding Julianne tells Michael that he and Kimberly can use their special song until they find one of their own, essentially acting like a true best friend . Michael marries Kimberly, and Julianne wishes them well, consoled by her platonic friend George.'] ["Diogo Álvares gets stranded on a tropical island when he sails with a boat, and meets a beautiful native of the island, a girl called Paraguaçu and her sister Moema. The two natives become his lover, but Diogo is already engaged to be married in his native Portugal. He's engaged to Isabelle a French noble woman, an agreement made between the Portuguese and the French kings. At the island Diogo meets the two native's father, who after a few misunderstandings make him the tribe's chief. After some time on the island Diogo sees a caravelle far out in the sea. The ship approaches the shore and Diogo finally gets rescued by Portuguese nobility on the way to India. Diogo embarks on the ship, Paraguaçu swims to him. Diogo decides to take Paraguaçu with him to Europe. In Europe everything is new for Paraguaçu, even the fact that people get married, a concept she did not understand. When Paraguaçu finds out that Diogo is engaged to be married to Isabelle and meets Isabelle, she makes a deal with her. She proposes Isabelle to let her marry Diogo and in exchange she will tell her where there is gold in her native island. Isabelle accepts the proposal and Paraguaçu marries Diogo. Isabelle later finds out that Paraguaçu lied to her, she never intended to show her where there is gold. Isabelle gets arrested by the king because she did not marry Diogo according to the agreement made with the kings and Diogo and Paraguaçu return to the island, which in fact is Terra Brasilis, Brazil. The film has a happy ending, Diogo and Paraguaçu live happily ever after in Brazil."] ['Rafi  is a recently divorced, 37-year-old career woman from Manhattan who becomes romantically involved with David , a talented 23-year-old Jewish painter from the Upper West Side. Rafi shares all her secrets with her therapist Lisa  who, unbeknownst to Rafi, is David\'s mother. Lisa, supportive of Rafi\'s relationship with a younger man, discovers the connection and finds herself not only faced with the ethical and moral dilemma of counseling David\'s girlfriend, but also the reality that she feels differently about the relationship now that she knows her son is involved. Lisa consults her own therapist, and they decide that it is in the best interest of her patient Rafi for Lisa to continue treatment, as long as the relationship remains the "fling" it appears to be. However, Lisa soon realizes that the relationship is serious, and tells Rafi that she is David\'s mother. Feeling embarrassed and betrayed, Rafi ends her treatment with Lisa. Their differences causing problems between them, Rafi and David break up. A couple of weeks later, David is enjoying a night on the town with his best friend; he gets drunk and ends up sleeping with Sue, Rafi\'s friend from work. The same day, after bumping into each other at the supermarket and going back to David\'s place, David and Rafi start seeing each other again. They also try to make the relationship stronger by going to a Friday night dinner with David\'s family. The rift between Rafi and Lisa is patched up, although Rafi brings up the possibility of her and David having children, to which Lisa reacts strongly. A few days later, Rafi discovers that David had slept with Sue, and David and Rafi fight. After sulking for some time, David goes to seek Lisa\'s help as both his mother and as a therapist. She advises him to do what he can to keep the relationship, because it was through Rafi that Lisa was able to understand David\'s career as an artist. David goes back to Rafi to apologize and offer to give her a child because that is what she wants the most. Rafi realizes how deep David\'s love must be for him to make such a sacrifice. Ultimately, they both realize that love is not enough to keep a relationship going, and they break up. A year later, David and his friend are leaving a restaurant &mdash; the first restaurant where he and Rafi had a proper date. Going back to retrieve his forgotten hat, he spots Rafi but she does not see him; he gets his hat, rushes out the door, and hides. He defrosts the glass a bit to watch her, and she turns around and sees him. They share a smile before parting.'] ['It is the summer of 1987 and James Brennan , a virgin, has just graduated with a degree in comparative literature from Oberlin College. He is looking forward to touring Europe for the summer and going to Columbia University for graduate school in journalism, when his parents  announce they won\'t be able to help him financially. James searches for a summer job, but can only find an unappealing one at Adventureland, a local amusement park in his hometown of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, where his immature childhood friend Tommy Frigo ([[Matt Bush  works. James is hired by assistant manager Bobby  and is assigned to the games area. He meets his co-workers: the sarcastic Joel , Bobby\'s wife and park manager Paulette , Sue O\'Malley , Mark , the alluring Lisa P. , and the park\'s technician Mike Connell , a part-time musician. Another games worker, Emily "Em" Lewin , saves James from being stabbed by a disgruntled customer. While her father and stepmother are away, Em has a party where she and James get to know each other. After the party, Connell, who has been having an affair with Em, comes over to further pursue the affair. Later that week, James goes for a drink with Em and she is surprised to learn James has never had sex. After leaving, James and Em share their first kiss. The following day, James tells Connell about his strong feelings for Em, which Connell reports to her. Em later tells James that she wants to take things slow due to problems in her life, leaving James feeling confused and upset. Sue drunkenly makes out with Joel, but rejects him the next day, saying that her Catholic parents would not allow her to date a Jew; outraged, Em calls her an anti-Semite in front of the entire staff. Lisa P. asks James out on a date, but he has mixed feelings because of his relationship with Em. After Connell talks him into going, presumably to sabotage James\' relationship with Em, he decides to accept her offer to go out. After the date, during which Lisa and James kiss, James learns Em had called to tell him that she regrets having rejected his feelings. James gives Em some of his marijuana to bake pot cookies to cheer her up. Joel later sees James and Em walking together and, irritated by the whole chain of events, decides to quit. James tries to talk him out of quitting, but Joel has had enough of it all. He also tells James he is angry at him for dating Lisa P. when he is already in love with Em. Wanting to be honest, James tells Em about going out with Lisa P. After hearing of this, Em goes to Connell\'s mother\'s home to end their affair. Prompted by Frigo, the park\'s mentally-challenged parking official tells James he saw Em and Connell doing "push-ups without any pants on" in the back of Connell\'s car. James goes to Connell\'s mother\'s house, which is where Lisa P. told him that Connell takes girls to have sex, and sees Em leaving. Shocked to see James, Em becomes tongue-tied and cannot explain. James leaves angrily, leaving a broken-hearted, crying Em by herself. James tells Lisa P. about the affair and asks her not to tell anyone, but not long after, she tells her friend Kelly. Upon noticing that all the park employees know, Em quits and moves back to New York. James chastises Lisa P. for dismissing Em as a "homewrecker" while seeing Connell as blameless. Heartbroken, he drunkenly crashes his dad\'s car into a tree and passes out. The next morning, his mother angrily wakes him up and tells him that he has to pay using his summer earnings to fix the damage. Because he must pay for the car, James doesn\'t have enough money to go to graduate school. Despite his setbacks, he heads for New York City with his parents\' blessing, as they finally decide that it\'s time to let James do what is best for him. In New York, James waits outside Em\'s apartment. She is reluctant to talk to him, feeling she has ruined everything. James tells her that he sees her in a different way from the way she sees herself, making it clear that he has fallen in love with her. Touched, Em brings James up to her apartment. James reveals he is not going to Columbia this year, and considers next year. He gets out of his wet clothes and finds that Em still has an Adventureland shirt. They kiss and begin to take their clothes off. James asks, "Are we really doing this?", and Em says "I think so."'] ["Chang-sik lives strictly by the freeloader's handbook, doing the rounds of free samples in department store food sections and sponging off of his older brother. Mi-young nurtures grandiose dreams of becoming a TV actress but has failed every audition because she just can't act. The two unemployed with similar schedules and living in the same neighborhood are bound to run into each other, and they do. One day, Chang-sik and Mi-young are walking around distractedly when they end up in a head-on collision. Chang-sik's coins spill out from his hands and scatter all over the ground. His precious coins! He chases after every single one but ends up 10 cents short. He viciously turns to the Mi-young but she refuses to give him 10 cents. They become sworn enemies after this incident, but then come across the chance of a lifetime. By chance, they witness a hit-and-run involving old man Hwang together. The next day, to their amazement, they see a banner advertising a 5 million won reward to eyewitnesses. Of course, each person eagerly offers to be a witness and ends up getting tangled up in something they hadn't bargained for¡¦ What have these two slackers gotten themselves into?"] ['A neglected wife turns to an astrologer, who tells her she will meet and fall in love with a handsome stranger, much to the dismay of her astronomer husband.'] ['Ted Scott  is a band pianist whose publicity manager decides that, for good press, the band should adopt a foreign refugee. The band goes to Ellis Island to meet the girl and soon discovers that the refugee isn\'t a 10-year-old child, but a young woman, Karen Benson . The surprise comes right before the band is to travel to Sun Valley, Idaho for a Christmas gig. While on the ski slopes Ted soon falls for Karen\'s inventive schemes to win the heart of her new sponsor, much to the chagrin of his girlfriend, Vivian Dawn , a soloist with the band. Vivian promptly quits the band out of jealousy, and Karen stages an elaborate ice show as a substitute. Of particular note is the "Chattanooga Choo Choo" song and dance scene by Dorothy Dandridge and The Nicholas Brothers. This scene begins in the practice studio with the Glenn Miller Orchestra practicing "Chattanooga Choo Choo". The scene includes two choruses of the song sung by Tex Beneke in a musical exchange with The Modernaires. In a scene transition that incorporates no introduction or integration with the practice studio or other actors, Dandridge and The Nicholas Brothers begin singing and dancing in a railway station set . Sun Valley Serenade is the first of the only two movies featuring The Glenn Miller Orchestra . Besides "Chattanooga Choo Choo", other Glenn Miller tunes in the film are "Moonlight Serenade", "It Happened in Sun Valley", "I Know Why ", and "In the Mood". An instrumental version of "At Last" was recorded by Glenn Miller and his Orchestra as well as a version with vocals by John Payne and Pat Friday, but these recordings would remain unused and unissued. "At Last" can be heard in the movie, however, in an orchestral version about a minute and twenty seconds in length during the closing skating sequence with Sonja Henie. "At Last" would also appear in the 1942 follow-up movie Orchestra Wives performed by Glenn Miller and his Orchestra with vocals by Ray Eberle and Pat Friday. Future Olympic gold medalist Gretchen Fraser was the skiing stand-in for Sonja Henie. Fraser was a member of the Olympic team in 1940 \' and 1948.'] ["Naive countryman Chou T'ien-Tsai goes to Taipei to meet an internet friend face-to-face. Being a romantic, and believing in 'true love' , he is sorely disappointed when his friend suggests they have sex with no love. T'ien instead goes to a bar and runs into his ex-classmate Yu and in the process meets the 'Number One Playboy' Bai Tie Nan, who is notorious for one night stands. T'ien very quickly develops a liking towards Bai. After the night at the bar and becoming roommates with Yu, T'ien gets a job as a pool attendant and has several run-ins with Bai, who seems to like T'ien mutually. Scenes with Bai and his psychologist show that Bai has a problem kissing people. After being advised to practice kissing a mirror and then a dummy, both of which fail to help him, he tries to kiss his longtime friend, but can't bring himself to do it. One night, T'ien shows up at Bai's doorstep and they end up having sex consensually. True to his nature, Bai disappears the next day, leaving his friend to turn up at his house and explain to T-ien that 'he hopes you don't misunderstand'. T'ien, hurt and unknowing of the entire story behind Bai's intimacy issues, leaves a message saying that 'this kind of misunderstanding won't happen again'. T'ien prepares to leave his roommate's dwelling and return to his own home. In the meantime, T'ien's friends corner Bai. They asked Bai to tell them the truth Bai is very resistant to tell the story, so his best friend decides to share instead. As a young boy, Bai was told by a fortune teller that he is cursed and that anything that he loves will be doomed. A lifetime of self-fulfilling this prophecy is what led Bai to become a serial one-night stander and lose his ability to love. Falling in love with T'ien caught Bai off guard and, as a result, they both suffered. After a silent prayer for a second chance, he sees T'ien heading up an escalator. His first attempt to apologize fails, and T'ien literally runs away. He nearly gets run down by a scooter, but Bai saves him and they make up. The ending credits include a short segment on the three supporting cast members and their somewhat stereotyped views upon gay fashion. The film was the highest grossing fiction film in Taiwan in 2004."] ['Bhoominathan  keeps big aspirations in his life. His dreams are all revolving around a property in the city, which he inherited. Bhoominathan finds that making a tourist resort in the land, is the best possible business which can bring him big returns. He starts to realise his plans to build a resort by digging down for making a good basement. And he finds to his astonishment, the archaic remnants of a ship. Bhoomi takes no time to inform the archeological department which lands him to further troubles and his project of resort building gets blocked. Bhoomi has got a friend in Radhika ([[Sarayu , who also works with the same department. Now with the help of some fresh ideas from her, he plans to venture into a new arena of business. The movie goes on to tell in a lighter manner, how some unexpected happenings can change the fate of a youth.'] ['A group of  professors have lived together for some years in a New York City residence, compiling an encyclopedia of all human knowledge. The youngest, Professor Bertram Potts , is a grammarian who is researching modern American slang. The professors are accustomed to working in relative seclusion at a leisurely pace with a prim housekeeper named Miss Bragg  keeping watch over them. Their impatient financial backer Miss Totten  suddenly demands that they finish their work soon. Venturing out to do some independent research, Bertram becomes interested in the slang vocabulary of saucy nightclub performer "Sugarpuss" O\'Shea . She is reluctant to assist him in his research until she needs a place to hide from the police, who want to question her about her boyfriend, mob boss Joe Lilac . Sugarpuss takes refuge in the house where the professors live and work, despite Bertram\'s objections and their housekeeper\'s threat to leave because of her. The professors soon become enamored of her femininity, and she begins to grow fond of them. She teaches them to conga and demonstrates to Bertram the meaning of the phrase "yum yum" . She becomes attracted to Bertram, who reciprocates with a vengeance by proposing marriage to her. She accepts, but before they can do anything, she is taken away by Lilac\'s henchmen. Lilac also wants to marry her, but only as a means to preventing a wife from testifying against him. The professors eventually outwit Lilac and his henchmen and rescue Sugarpuss. She decides she is not good enough for Bertram, but his forceful application of "yum yum" convinces her to change her mind.'] ['Sylvia Scarlett and her father, Henry, flee France one step ahead of the police. Henry, while employed as a bookkeeper for a lace factory, was discovered to be an embezzler. While on the channel ferry, they meet a "gentleman adventurer", Jimmy Monkley, who partners with them in his con games.'] ["Two New Jersey mobsters are almost killed when a deal in Eastern Europe goes wrong. They take refuge with their law-abiding cousin Bobby, who runs a fish and chip shop in Glasgow, Scotland. But when one of the Americans takes a shine to Bobby's girl and the other clashes with local hoodlums, Bobby realises he has to stand up for himself or risk losing everything he loves."] ["The film's central story concerns a father, Lalit Verma , who is trying to organize an enormous, chaotic, and expensive wedding for his daughter, for whom he has arranged a marriage with a man she has known for only a few weeks . As so often happens in the Punjabi culture, such a wedding means that, for one of the few times each generation, the whole family comes together from all corners of the globe including India, Australia, Oman and the United States. It is a story set in the modern upper-middle class of India, where telecommunications and a western lifestyle mix with old traditions, like the arranged wedding young Aditi accepts when she ends a current affair. The groom is an Indian living in Texas, and all relatives from both families, some from distant places like Australia, come to New Delhi during the monsoon season to attend the wedding. The four-day arrangements and celebrations will see clumsy organization, family parties and drama, dangers to the happy end of the wedding, and lots of music."] ["{{Expand section}} Helen Harris  is very successful in the fashion industry and has a nice Manhattan lifestyle which keeps her extremely occupied and content. Helen's world suddenly changes when her sister Lindsay  and brother-in-law Paul  die in a car accident. Helen and her other sister Jenny  are in shock when they hear Lindsay & Paul left Helen in charge of their three kids: 15-year-old Audrey , 10-year-old Henry , and five-year-old Sarah . Convinced she can raise the kids and maintain her already fast-paced schedule, Helen quickly finds herself burnt out and disheartened by her responsibilities and Jenny's lack of faith. Despite her already hectic schedule, Helen finds the time to develop a genuine affection for her new dependents, as well as an equally genuine attraction to Dan Parker ([[John Corbett , the kids' school principal and local Lutheran pastor. Eventually, Helen realizes she can't balance the two lives, and is faced with a difficult decision, her fashion career or her nieces and nephew."] ['Fotoula "Toula" Portokalos  is going through an early midlife crisis. At thirty, she is the only woman in her family who has "failed". Her family expects her to "marry a Greek boy, make Greek babies, and feed everyone until the day she dies." Instead, Toula is stuck working in the family business, a restaurant, "Dancing Zorba\'s". In contrast to her "perfect" sister, Athena , Toula is frumpy and cynical. She fears she\'s doomed to be stuck with her life as it is. At the restaurant, she briefly sees Ian Miller, a handsome school teacher. This event, combined with an argument with her overly-patriotic father, Gus - who merely wants his daughter to marry and settle down rather than pursue a career - motivates her to begin taking computer classes at a local college. She also gets contact lenses, wears her hair curly, and begins to use makeup. Maria, her mother, and her aunt Voula  then contrive a way to get Gus to allow her to work at Voula\'s travel agency. Toula feels much better in her new job, especially when she notices Ian hanging around looking at her through the window. They finally introduce themselves and begin dating. Toula keeps the relationship secret from her family until some weeks later when Gus finds out. He throws a fit because Ian is not Greek and orders Toula to end the relationship, but Ian and Toula continue to see each other against Gus\'s wishes. Ian proposes marriage to her, she accepts. Gus is hurt and infuriated, feeling his daughter has betrayed him, and Ian agrees to be baptized in the Greek Orthodox Church and speak fluent Greek to be worthy of her family. As the year passes, the wedding planning hits snag after snag as Toula\'s numerous relatives "helpfully" interfere. Her father insists on inviting the entire church to the ceremony, her mother orders the invitations but misspells Ian\'s parents\' names, and Toula\'s cousin Nikki  orders tacky bridesmaids\' dresses. Toula is horrified to learn that her parents invited the entire family to what was meant to be a "quiet" dinner, and the Millers, not used to such cultural fervor, are overwhelmed. The wedding day dawns with liveliness and hysteria, but the traditional wedding itself goes without a hitch. Gus gives a speech accepting Ian and the Millers as family and buys the newlyweds a house right next door to him. An epilogue shows the new couple\'s life six years later in which they have a daughter, Paris, whom they raise in the Greek style, but Toula tells her she can marry anyone she wants when she grows up after she says she wants to go to Brownies instead of Greek school.'] ["Thekkedathu Ramankutty ([[Dileep  is a marriage organizer. He meets Gauri  while arranging the marriage for her sister Radhika , daughter of a family friend Ambattu Thampi . Radhika's fiancee does not turn up for the marriage. Ramankutty suggests that his brother Dr. Sivadas  will be ready for the marriage and Dr. Sivadas and Radhika gets married on the same day itself. Ramankutty and Gauri fall in love. But on the day of their engagement, Radhika dies in a kitchen fire accident. When Thampi visits the astrologer Meppattu Thirumeni  to see the horoscope match, he tells them that women married into the Thekkedathu family are fated to die young. Thampi, scared for his only remaining daughter's life, asks Ramankutty to back out of the marriage. Saddened and yet wanting to do the right thing, Ramankutty calls off the wedding on the pretense of not being comfortable with Gauri's close relations with her cousin Unni . Devastated by this allegation, Gauri backs out of the marriage, only to find the truth later. She runs out in search of Ramankutty and gets involved in a road accident on the way. She is rushed to the hospital and while still battling for life, she wishes that Ramankutty tie the wedding knot before her operation. Ramankutty ties the knot, fearing the worst. Miraculously, Gauri comes out alive. The story is told in flashback by an aged Ramankutty who bids farewell to his spellbound teenage audience at the temple, and joins his wife Gauri in lighting the lamp. The film was remade in Telugu as Kalyana Ramudu starring Venu, Suman, Prabhudeva and Nikita Thukral."] ["Sabrina Watson  is the only child of the wealthy Watson family of her mother Claudine  and father Greg Watson . Sabrina starts the film having another affair with Bobby, a cheating stud. She asks God to help her again get out of this situation and she promises  not to have a one-night stand with anyone and only have sex with her future husband. One day, she accidentally hits Jason Taylor  when driving up quickly after putting on make-up and not seeing him run through. She gets out to offer her services and overreacts. Jason forgives her and takes up a night of dinner with her. Five months later, after going out, Sabrina tells Jason about her job offer in China and asks him to still be with her in a long-distance relationship but Jason declines. She walks off sad and soon realizes a music group singing and Jason comes back and asks her to marry him which she accepts. Sabrina's mother is running the wedding. She has doubts but trusts her daughter. After the couple talk to Reverend James , they decide to stay while a driver picks up Jason's family and friends. Jason's group is his insecure mother Pam , his charming uncle Willie Earl , Pam's best friend Shonda  and Jason's cousin Malcolm . Also appearing is Sabrina's aunt Geneva . Their first meeting is awkward as everyone seems to dislike each other and they make small rude remarks. Pam becomes annoyed by Sabrina's acts of kindness and counts three strikes already against her. Sabrina talks to her friends during the cocktail party, one of them being her maid of honor Blythe . While Blythe goes to get more wine, she meets Chef McKenna , and both instantly feel a connection. Shonda also meets Sabrina's cousin, Sebastian , who is instantly drawn to her. Shonda is attracted to him as well but she feels uncomfortable because she thinks he's too young for her. During the dinner at night, Pam gives a rude blessing and has a fight with Claudine but this is stopped by Greg. Claudine also says in French that she thinks Greg is having an affair with his associate Amanda. While outside, Pam listens in on Geneva and Claudine fighting and finds out that Geneva is actually Sabrina's mother and gave Sabrina to Claudine and Greg after she was born. During the bachelor party, Sabrina and Jason have a fight about his mother wanting them to be jumping the broom. Malcolm talks to Jason and complains and asks why he isn't the best man. Jason tells him that they haven't been best friends in years and Malcolm has only been there to ask for money. When Jason leaves and tries to apologize to Sabrina, Chef McKenna is busy kissing Blythe and not noticing the food which begins to burn which sets off the alarm. Sabrina closes the door on him but they make up through text; however, they have doubts about their wedding. In the morning, everything begins normal. The boys have a friendly game of football though Pam tries to tell Jason of Claudine and Geneva's secret. Blythe also talks to McKenna about the relationship. McKenna tells her that he thinks she is beautiful and a relationship is still an option. While Pam is getting fitted in her dress, she tries to confront Sabrina on the secret but is interrupted when Jason gets hurt when pushed by Malcolm. Pam tells Sabrina to ask her parents who are her real parents. Claudine and Geneva tell the truth which hurts Sabrina and causes her to drive off and cancel the wedding. Jason confronts his mother and tells her he is a grown man and to stop treating him like a little boy. Jason tells everyone to look for Sabrina and also punches Malcolm. Jason prays to God to help him. Geneva is called by Sabrina who is at the docks in a boat. Geneva gives the story of Sabrina's father. He was a man in Paris whom she loved and planned to travel the world with but she soon found out he had a wife and child and she returned home alone and pregnant. Jason meets back with Sabrina and the two reconcile. Sabrina goes back home to dress. She gets a broom and a note from Pam saying she is returning home and is sorry. She chases down Pam and asks her to stay. They forgive each other and Pam agrees to stay. Jason and Sabrina have the wedding and also jump the broom. After the wedding, Sebastian kisses Shonda, finally winning her affections, and presumably begin a relationship. Greg and Claudine reconcile and she reveals she has a secret fund. Malcolm and Amy , the wedding planner, start sharing a moment together in which she asked if he want to dance with her and he accepts. At the end, the whole family does the cupid shuffle with everyone happy."] ["Changathipoocha tells the story of two aged brothers Sreedharan Nair , who is also the Kunnathor Panchayath President and Raman Nair , the opposition leader who are constantly at loggerheads owing differences in opinion regarding ancestral property. But everyone in their family including Sreedharan Nair's daughter Priya  and Raman Nair's daughter Sreedevi ([[Radhika  are close to each other, sharing every part of their family fun.The news about the return of their sister Bhanumathi, who had been away for years, creates shock to Raman Nair especially because Bhanumathi's share of the property is at present under his control and even the house he is living in rightfully belongs to her. The other news to follow was that Bhanumathi's son on their way back proposes to marry one of his cousins, Priya or Sreedevi. Raman Nair expects that if Bhanumathi's son marries Priya, Sreedharan Nair's daughter, he would be losing all the wealth. So with the aid of Purushottaman Nair , who is Raman Nair's manager, they come up with a solution. They plans the entry of someone else as a hired lover who could be made to fall in love with Priya and thus to create more tension for Sreedharan Nair, even before the arrival of Bhanumathi and her son. According to this deed arrives Sivankutty , who is entrusted with the job of making Priya fall in love with him, so that Raman Nair could score a victory over Sreedharan Nair. Sivan is actually the brother-in-law of Purushottaman Nair and owes a large amount of money to many people, who are constantly after him. Sivankutty takes up the 'job' to solve his financial problems. A mix-up takes place as Sivan who was to fall in love with Priya, accidentally falls for Sridevi. In the end, after a series of comic confusions, Sivankutty marries Sridevi."] ["A comedy of manners, the film centers on virtuous actress Patty O'Neill, who meets playboy architect Donald Gresham on the top of the Empire State Building and accepts his invitation to join him for drinks and dinner in his apartment. There she meets Donald's upstairs neighbors, his ex-fiancée Cynthia and her father, roguish David Slater. Both men are determined to bed the young woman, but they quickly discover Patty is more interested in engaging in spirited discussions about the pressing moral and sexual issues of the day than surrendering her virginity to either one of them. After resisting their amorous advances throughout the night, Patty leaves and returns to the Empire State Building, where Donald finds her and proposes marriage."] ["Janusz marries Kasia. The father of the bride, Wieslaw Wojnar, gives Janusz a brand-new-looking Audi. Wojnar has to pay several people off so that the wedding celebration can proceed smoothly. This includes securing a plot of land from his father-in-law, who is spending a lot of time in the men's room. One of Kasia's old lovers shows up, but he's not interested in getting money out of Wojnar, as the others are."] ["Jai  and Veeru  are good friends and also partners in crime, thus their friendship is named Jodi No. 1. They first gain the confidence of people and later con them. But soon have to run from Bombay after an encounter with a local Bhai. Because they end up having a brawl with his younger brother  and they by accident kill him in a night club. While on the run, Jai and Veeru meet Vikram Jeet , an NRI, who is on his way to work as a manager, in Goa, for Rai Bahadur , a wealthy businessman who owns a beer factory. Jai pretends to be Vikram Jeet and both he and Veeru move in Rai Bahadur's house intending to be-friend then rob him. However they fall in love with Rai Bahadur's daughters and in a series of hilarious scenes save the family from Sir John.In the end while Jai is stealing money from Rai to release Veeru from Sir John the entire Rai clan is watching the news and find out that Jai and Veeru are not who they claim to be but con men who deceive people. In the end Rai then lets Jai go with the money to save Veeru and all goes well and they marry the daughters of Rai."] ['Aspiring designer Miu Ho is hired as a "Lingerie Researcher", and is given the task of finding out how lingerie makes the woman, or in some cases, the other way around. After her aunt Lara unexpectedly passes away, Miu and her cousin Donut inherit a spacious, fully furnished apartment filled with designer lingerie. The two girls live upstairs from Celine, a gold digging flight attendant who has had items of underwear stolen by a mysterious thief, and after reporting the incident to the authorities becomes involved with part time police officer James Shum. Donut works in a lingerie shop, and is involved with a much older married man, Henry, who buys her a pink bra as his first gift. Bargirl CC is a customer at Donut\'s shop, and after meeting Harvard student Eugene believes that she may have found true love. Still a virgin, Miu is determined not to end up like her unmarried aunt Lara, and resolves to find her first love. Her new colleagues warn her about the office lothario, marketing manager Lucas, but after a failed attempt to bed her the two instead become friends. Lucas tries to teach Miu how to attract men, which leads to a number of encounters with potential suitors, including sperm bank worker CY and writer Jack Dee. Eventually she ends up in a relationship with "Prince" Antonio, the narcissistic heir to her company, but an increasingly jealous Lucas realises that his feelings for Miu are genuine after all.'] ['Socialite Anatol Spencer , finding his relationship with his wife  lackluster, goes in search of excitement. After bumping into old flame Emilie , he lets an apartment for her only to find that she cheats on him. He is subsequently robbed, conned, and booted from pillar to post. He decides to return to his wife and discovers her carousing with his best friend Max .'] ['Set on the backdrop of Australia, the film opens with an angry Ram , who just broke up with his girlfriend, narrating the story of his love life to a police officer, Abhishek Verma  as he defaces a graffiti of his lover while her father  listens. Ram is introduced to be an youngster who loves graffiti and doesn’t believe in everlasting love. He has gone through 9 loves in his life, and thinks that love between two people eventually dies out. As a person with strong morals, he is honest and wants to love life and live with open mind, open thought and open action with his lover. Jaanu  studies in the same college as Ram. He falls in love with her at first sight and goes onto wooing her. She eventually ends up falling for him, but wants him to promise to love her forever. Ram, of course, nonchalantly dismisses this and explains how he cannot love her forever. This leads to a clash of their ideologies. Ram shows Jaanu how even true love stales after a while and true love cannot stay forever, while Jaanu shows him examples of everlasting love, like her friends and her parents. However he makes it clear that love between two people is never the same as it first is. Abhishek makes Ram tell him why he feels like this, and Ram explains another love in his life, Rooba . He falls in love with her as she visits Hyderabad when Ram is on a foreign exchange project. He follows her to Mumbai and they both fall in love. However as time passes, the couple faces problems and Ram feels himself lying more and more just to make Rooba happy. Unable to take it anymore, he tells her that he cannot continue loving her if he has to lie and sacrifice so much for her. They break up, and through the experience Ram becomes the man he is.'] ['While the Royal Australian Navy evacuates Salamaua in February 1942Established by the mention of the surrender of Singapore ahead of a Japanese invasion, Commander Frank Houghton  coerces old friend, American beachcomber Walter Eckland , into becoming a coast-watcher for the Allies. Houghton takes Eckland, who is uninterested in anything other than fishing and drinking, to deserted Matalava Island to watch for Japanese planes. Houghton rewards Eckland\'s sightings with directions to one of the whisky bottles hidden around the island, once coast-watchers on other islands confirm it. To ensure Eckland remains on duty Houghton\'s naval vessel "accidentally" hits his boat, leaving a large hole in its hull. Houghton finds a replacement watcher, but Eckland has to retrieve him from nearby Bundy Island. He unexpectedly finds Frenchwoman Catherine Freneau  and seven young schoolgirls under her care stranded there. She informs him that the man he came for was killed in an air raid, and Eckland reluctantly takes them back to Matalava with him. There is no way to evacuate them safely. At first, Houghton promises them a parachute drop with more supplies, but there is too much enemy activity in the area to accomplish it safely. The fastidious Freneau and the slovenly and uncouth Eckland\'s personalities clash; they call each other "Miss Goody Two Shoes" and "a rude, foul-mouthed, drunken, filthy beast". He adjusts to her and her girls, however, and cares for her through what they mistakenly believe is a deadly snakebite. Freneau learns that Eckland had been a history professor before he fled civilization to the South Pacific. The "frustrated spinster" and the "undisciplined, self-indulgent escapist" fall in love and arrange to be married by a military chaplain over the radio. A Japanese airplane interrupts the ceremony. Since they have been detected Houghton sends an American submarine to pick them up, but an enemy patrol boat shows up at the same time. Eckland takes his boat out to lure the Japanese vessel out beyond a reef so the submarine can torpedo it. His boat is sunk, but Eckland survives and the submarine safely evacuates everyone.'] ['The story begins in a jail, where a prisoner is being interrogated. The action is taking place in the background, behind bars and is blurred. The focus is on a bottle of laxative. Seems the prisoner has stolen a necklace and swallowed it. Soon, the necklace is passed. And it\'s not even real gold. The old jailer picks up the story, saying the prisoner is a boy named Pan from his home village. Pan is a simple country boy. In the words of the jailer, he thinks about entertainment too much and is not respectful enough of his elders. In other words, he\'s not too bright. Yet, he\'s a good singer, and the story flashes back to a village fair, where he\'s up on stage singing his heart out, with his lyrics being composed on the spot and directed toward Sadao, a pretty village girl who\'s dancing in the crowd. A local rich kid pulls up in his truck and asks Sadao to dance. Then, when the rich kid goes to the drinks stand, Pan hands his microphone over to another performer and moves to dance with Sadao. The rich kid returns, and Pan bumps into him, spilling the drinks. The rich guy, with his thuggish friends in tow, orders Pan to clean up the mess. Pan does so by spitting on the guy\'s shoes. A fight breaks out, but the music keeps going, with a guitarist picking up the beat and screaming a punk song as the fight intensifies. Pan and Sadao retreat to Sadao\'s home, where Pan breaks into another song, expressing his love. But before long, Sadao\'s irascible father shows up with a shotgun, causing Pan to jump into the river to escape the shotgun blasts. Pan is not easily deterred. Via his sister, he sends Sadao a pretty blue blouse, accompanied by a love note. He then shows up one day to dig a pond for Sadao\'s father, explaining that the man Sadao\'s father had originally hired was sick. He insists on calling the man Dad. "Stop calling me Dad. When did I fuck your mother," the old man cruelly admonishes Pan. The old man is complaining of various aches and pains. Pan offers to get him some folk medicine, something involving foot pollen, which because of the cultural association of the foot being the basest part of the body, gravely offends him. Pan is back in the doghouse with Sadao\'s father. Yet the two become married. For a present, Pan presents Sadao with a new transistor radio. They have a baby on the way and they enjoy being together. "The movie could end here," the narrator chimes in, "and you\'d be heading for exits with a happy ending. But there is more to this sad tale." Pan\'s run of bad luck starts when he draws the wrong number in the draft lottery and must enter the army. He heads off to basic training before his wife gives birth to their child. He promises to write her a letter every day. A musical interlude depicts Pan and the other soldiers singing the mournful song "Mai Leum"  as they crawl on their backs in the mud under barbed wire, and during their haircuts. One day Pan sees a poster for a singing contest and at the urging of his army buddies, he enters. He nervously gets up on stage and says he wants to sing "The Sad Soldier". The band doesn\'t know the tune, so Pan sings it a cappella. Though he wows the crowd, he faints onstage when the song is complete. Along with a local girl, Dao, Pan wins the contest and without giving thought to the consequences, he\'s on a bus headed for Bangkok, where he hopes to become a big singing star. He ends up locked inside the music company\'s office, where he spends the night. The next day, he meets his new boss, a sleazy producer named Suwat, who insists Pan call him "Daddy". He lectures Pan about all the hard work he\'ll need to do before making it as a star.  So Pan pitches in around the office, mopping floors and running errands. Months go by. He mops the floor while the other singer who won the contest, Dao, receives training as a singer. Pan keeps mopping. Soon, 27 months have gone by. He\'s still mopping floors. Meanwhile, Sadao is left alone to raise the couple\'s child. She has not heard a word from Pan and is looking careworn. The radio she was given as a wedding present is starting to wear out. Pan sleeps in a storage closet, a room he shares with an old man named Yen, who reveals that he, too, wanted to be a singing star, but it\'s the young women who usually get all the breaks first, he tells Pan. So Pan keeps mopping floors, washing cars and running errands. He also becomes close with Dao, whom he assists one night after she becomes ill. Finally, one night at a show, Pan gets his big break when the star male singer doesn\'t show up. Pan is hastily thrown into a gold lame tuxedo and pushed onstage. What he doesn\'t know is that out in the crowd is Sadao and her father. They have finally tracked down Pan and have come to visit him. She\'s brought him bottles of rainwater from the village, figuring the water in the city is dirty and unfit to drink. Pan and Sadao enjoy a brief reunion after the show, but Pan is quickly whisked away by Suwat, to Suwat\'s home, which is decorated with animal skins. Suwat tells Pan to relax and goes to change. He comes out with some beers, wearing just a silk bathrobe and his underwear. Suwat puts on a porn tape - it\'s a film of the girl singer, Dao. Suwat tells Pan to strip and has him pose for photos. Suwat becomes bolder and bolder, and eventually sexually assaults Pan. Pan reacts in surprise and confusion, pushing Suwat off of him. Suwat lands on a glass table and is killed. Pan runs out into the street. He sees a policeman. Now, not only is he AWOL from the army, he\'s also a murderer. He then spots a truck loaded down with other men, so he hops aboard, hoping to hop back off when the truck stops. But the truck doesn\'t stop until it\'s taken Pan to a remote sugar cane plantation, where he\'s set to work cutting cane in torturous conditions. Meanwhile, back in the village, a smooth-talking travelling salesman, peddling deworming medicine from his boat, is passing through. He\'s taken a liking to Sadao, giving her some medicine for her sick baby and inviting her to a movie screening that night. He further charms her at the screening, by demonstrating his talents as a film dubber, improvising lines to tell her how beautiful she is. Back on the sugar-cane plantation, the workers, tired of their diet of vegetables and rice, are restive. Pan has made friends with one of the workers, Siew, but Pan is also well liked by the tough boss, Yot. One night at a card game, Yot finds that Siew has won all his money. A fight breaks out. There is running through the jungle. Dead bodies are uncovered. The horror! Pan and Siew keep running, and eventually wind up in the city. Starving and their clothes ragged, they happen upon a luxury hotel where they see beggers, street cleaners and motorcycle taxi drivers - poor people - being ushered in, Pan and Siew walk in and start helping themselves to the buffet, shoving food into their pockets. It\'s a charity ball where the elite are dressing up as the poor, and Pan and Siew win the prize for most authentic costume. But when all the food in their pockets is discovered, they are kicked out of the hotel. Desperate for money, Pan and Siew hatch another plan. Siew snatches a woman\'s necklace, and, as she chases him, he passes it Pan, who is then chased by the police. Eventually Pan is caught, and this brings the story back to where it started in the jail. Pan ends up serving two years in prison, where he and the other inmates work on the prison farm, fertilizing crops with their own feces and urine. While dipping a bucket into the sewage well, Pan falls in, and is covered in the brown substance. On his release, Pan waits on the street for a ride. A truck pulls up. It is Siew, who is wearing a track suit, lots of jewelry and is carrying a cellular phone. With his hair dyed blond, he calls himself Peter and announces he is now a drug dealer, and has made quick money. And, to add more indignity to the situation, he\'s married a former singing star and porn actress - Dao. Finally, Pan returns to Sadao. She looks more careworn than ever. In addition to a little boy, there\'s an infant in a crib. "Who\'s kid is that?" Pan asks when he sees the younger baby. "His father was a dog," she explains. "They are all dogs." Pan looks around. A photo of Sadao\'s father is on the wall. He\'s died. The transistor radio lies in a corner, broken and covered with dust. The pretty blue blouse is faded and stained and crumpled on the floor in another corner. There\'s a final musical reprise of "Mai Leum", with all the characters in the film putting in an appearance to sing the chorus. Sadao reluctantly accepts Pan back into her life, and breaks down, weeping profusely as the couple embraces.'] ["Peter P. Peters , an American ballet dancer billed as 'Petrov' dances for a ballet company in Paris owned by the bumbling Jeffrey Baird . Peters secretly wants to blend classical ballet with modern jazz dancing, and when he sees a photo of famous tapdancer Linda Keene , he falls in love with her. He contrives to meet her, but she's less than impressed. They meet again on a liner travelling back to New York, and Linda warms to Petrov. Unknown to them, a plot is launched as a publicity stunt 'proving' that they're actually married. Outraged, Linda becomes engaged to the bumbling Jim Montgomery, much to the chagrin of both Peter and Arthur Miller, her manager, who secretly launches more fake publicity. Peters and Keene, unable to scotch the rumour, decide to actually marry and immediately divorce. Linda soon begins to fall in love with her husband, but it evaporates when she discovers him with another woman, and she leaves before he can explain. But when he does, with a new show accompanied by girls masked with her face, she happily joins him on the stage."] ['College professor Jude  becomes smitten with a student named Sofie . The two enjoy a brief time together, only to find that numerous obstacles, both tangible and intangible, prevent them from moving forward. Their conflict begins to expose parallels with the themes Jude covers in his literature class.'] ['The movie follows a man\'s search for perfection in a world where life rarely measures up to the idealized images that constantly bombard us. Freeman plays Gary Shaller, who gained commercial success in previous years as the keyboard player in the fictional band "On The One". He is in a dull relationship, and working for his former band mate Paul, played by Simon Pegg, writing and recording commercial jingles. Gary eventually discovers that he is having lucid dreams about a glamorous woman named Anna, played by Penélope Cruz, with whom he is deeply infatuated. He aims to learn more about lucid dreaming by buying books and even attending classes taught by an eccentric lucid-dreaming enthusiast, Mel . Gary eventually discovers that the girl he dreams about does, in fact, exist. Paul arranges for Gary to meet her, but this proves disappointing, as she fails to live up to the expectations that Gary has built up in his dreams of her. He eventually continues to dream about her, and even soundproofs his apartment, and makes other efforts to be able to sleep longer, so that he can remain with Anna for longer periods of time. Eventually, feeling as though he is betraying his girlfriend Dora, played by Gwyneth Paltrow, he attempts to go back to her.'] ["Solange  is depressed: she's stopped smiling, she eats little, she says less. She has fainting fits. Her husband Raoul  seeks to save her by enlisting Stéphane , a stranger, to be her lover. Although he listens to Mozart and has every Pocket Book arranged in alphabetical order, Stéphane fails to cheer Solange. She knits. She does housework. Everyone, including their neighbor a vegetable vendor, agrees that she needs a child, yet she fails to get pregnant by either lover. The three take a job running a kids' summer camp where they meet Christian , the precocious 13-year-old son of the local factory manager. It is Christian who restores Solange to laughter."] ['A group of seven college friends reunite after six years for a wedding. Things go awry when the maid of honor, Laura,  and the bride, Lila , clash over the groom, Tom , with whom Laura was once romantically involved. As Laura, Lila, and Tom all try to decipher their emotions, the film explores all of the relationships of people in and around the circle of friends that met those years ago.'] ['{{Expand section}} Judy Peabody saves an old man from drowning. He turns out to be Jerry Bates, "J.B." to his lawyer Curtis, "Pop" to Judy, who mistakenly believes the wealthy old-timer to be poor. Pop instructs his lawyer to reward Judy with everything her heart desires, anonymously. A hat check girl at New York\'s popular Stork Club nightclub, Judy\'s dream is for her bandleader boyfriend Danny to return home from the Marines so she can sing with his band. A letter from Curtis informs the young lady that she now has a brand new apartment, free of charge, and a line of credit at a fashionable department store, no strings attached. She promptly buys dresses and furs, without knowing the identity of her benefactor. Pop comes to the Stork Club to keep an eye on her. She lands him a job as a busboy, but that doesn\'t work out, so she invites Pop to share her apartment. Danny comes home, excited to see her until he sees the apartment, the clothes and the old man. Believing her to be a "kept" woman, he falls out of love with Judy. Billingsley is invited by Judy to hear the band. Impressed, he gives them a job at the club. Judy finally discovers that Pop is responsible for her new riches and is able to win back Danny\'s love.'] ['Frankie is the coxswain on the rowing team at Rawley University. His friend Tad is a stroke on the crew, president of the Kappa Psi Delta house and conductor of the orchestra. When rehearsing a new piece for a welcoming party dedicated to Bob Terry, a new crewmember, Tad learns that Bob has been drafted to the army and will not be joining the team nor be attending the party. Frankie and Tad don\'t have the hearts to tell their girlfriends Bess and Midge, who have worked hard to prepare the party, and instead look for a replacement for Bob for the evening. They spot Herk loading a safe onto the bed of a truck. After some convincing, Herk reluctantly accepts the offer to pose as Bob. Herk enjoys the party and flirts with both Bess and Midge. He decides to stay in the house and join the team as Bob, despite his dislike of boats and low I.Q.. Frankie gives Herk seasick pills and eventually his rowing performance improves. To keep Herk on the team, Frankie and Tad tutor him and prep him for school to the point where they themselves start failing. Bess breaks up with Tad and lets hims know that she is going to marry "Bob Terry". Midge breaks up with Frankie. During the final race, Bess and Midge learns that both of them are engaged to Herk. Instead of giving Herk seasick pills, Frankie gives him moth balls with the result of Herk performing better than ever. After the race, Herk is arrested for bank robbery and Frankie and Tad reunite with their girlfriends.'] ['Lt. Amor "Moe" Santander  is a tough chick who\'s used to going after crooks. But there\'s also one thing she\'s running away from ever since her mother died: falling in love. Lt. Kevin Robles  is daunted by most things, but most especially coming clean with the girl he\'s been loving from afar for a time now. Meanwhile, Caloy  is a pirated DVD vendor whom Moe captures, along with his heart. Things get complicated when Caloy enlists Kevin\'s help to win Moe, just when Moe and Kevin\'s friendship gets deeper. Who does Moe really love? Will she even surrender to her feelings in the first place? Suddenly her life as one of the best performers in the service suffers.'] ["Summary: This movie is about four pairs who meet accidentally in a Mumbai bar called Mumbai Salsa and get hooked on each other for life. It captures the urban qualities of life and love. Maya Chandhok lives a wealthy lifestyle in Delhi along with her parents. Refusing to buckle down to her mother's demands to get married, she re-locates to Kolkata, obtains her MBA, and then goes to reside in Mumbai where she gets a job in a bank, and shares a flat with two room-mates, Zenobia and Neha. She meets with Sanjay and both fall in love. Then one day he dramatically and publicly dumps her. A few days later she meets with Rajeev Sharma, who is heartbroken after his fiancée, Pooja, dumped him to re-locate to America, and both are attracted to each other. She is delighted when he proposes to her, but her delight turns sour when he asks her to re-locate with him to Singapore, drop her career, and be a home-maker for the rest of her life. Maya must now make up her mind amidst chaos and heartbreak that also threaten to tear apart lives of both Neha and Zenobia, who are also dating Rajeev's friends, Karan Kapoor and Shaji, while conservative Tyagraj, Rajeev's pal, struggles with his feelings about a much liberated Caucasian co-worker, Pamela."] ['{{Confusing}} Stacy  has a promiscuous past, and after learning of the AIDS epidemic she wants to find a guy whom she knows is clean, so she convinces her childhood friend Melissa  to go to a health spa for singles. They received or bought a basket filled with condoms. At the spa, Stacy meets Nick , a struggling musician, and Vinny, aka the Vin Man , an annoying Italian-American man from New Jersey whom she tries to avoid. At an event called International Night, the men and women all take miniature flags and put them in plunger-shaped hats and then meet the person with the identical flag. After becoming upset over a bad experience at the flag party, Melissa threatens to return to LA. However, Melissa soon connects with a spa staff member, Jamie , who gives her her first orgasm. A confused Stacy returns to LA via the 2PM bus, not knowing that Melissa remained at the resort. Stacy repeats past behavior and brings Nick back to her apartment, however she soon realizes that he\'s a loser who is taking up all her space and that she actually doesn\'t really like him. She rents a pink Cadillac and returns to the spa, where Melissa tells Stacey about Jamie and Stacey is relieved. On the way back to LA, Stacey commiserates with Vinny over their disappointment with the spa experience and upon returning to New Jersey, he experiences some life changes. After a period of time, Stacey is shown at Christmas time opening the door and letting Melissa and Jamie in. As they come in, Stacy\'s now-husband, Vinny, her two young boys, and their dog come down the stairs. Reminiscent of an earlier joke involving an old man and a dog, Melissa and Stacy laugh as the boys attack Vinny and Jamie, Stacy says, "There\'s your boyfriend" Melissa replies, "So what, there\'s yours." Finally Stacy says to the camera, "Yeah, that\'s my boyfriend" and smiles then hugs Melissa. The movie makes frequent use of breaking the fourth wall. The movie opens to the lyrics of Hot Hot Hot and closes with " Casual Sex"  by Kid Creole and the Coconuts. Rotten Tomatoes does not have a rating for the movie, but the 3 reviews it collected were all negative.Rotten Tomatoes - Casual Sex?'] ['Karan  is a cartoonist and a self-styled ladies\' man. His daily comic, named "Hum Tum," explores the battle of stereo-typical behavior. On a plane from Delhi to New York, he meets Rhea , but she doesn\'t seem the to be a least bit interested in him. His feeble attempts at flirting go nowhere, but when they have a stopover in Amsterdam on their way to New York, she agrees to spend a few hours exploring the city with him. Karan quickly learns he has little in common with the feisty but proper Rhea, but he won\'t give up. He ends their contentious time together with an unwelcome kiss. Rhea is outraged, slaps him, and storms off, but Karan insists they\'ll meet again. After a couple months living in New York, he spots her in the park, and she causes a scene with his girlfriend ,who is Rhea\'s friend, this ends in the break-up between Karan and his current girlfriend. Now three years later, when Karan is helping his mother plan a wedding that turns out to be Rhea\'s. Rhea is marrying Sameer . They bicker again, but this time, they part on good terms. Years later in Paris, Karan is visiting his father , when he runs into Rhea again. He learns from Rhea\'s mother  that Sameer has died in a car accident, and he sets out to help her reclaim her positive outlook on life. Karan goes back to Mumbai, and three months later, Rhea and her mother visit. Sensing that she needs to be with a straight-laced, "boring guy", he conspires with Rhea\'s mother to fix her up with his shy best friend, Mihir . But eventually Mihir falls in love with a friend of Karan\'s, Diana  and they get engaged. On the engagement night Rhea learns from drunk Diana about the conspiracy. Mihir makes Rhea realize hers and Karan\'s love for each other. That night Rhea and Karan consummate their relation. Karan finds it a mistake and asks Rhea to marry him as he feels he took advantage of her, and that marriage will rectify the mistake. Rhea becomes upset, as she did not consider their actions a mistake; she realizes she loves him but tells Karan that they should not commit one more mistake by marrying for the wrong reasons. Rhea leaves him as since Karan projects his confused feelings as guilt  rather than love for her. Karan realises his mistake, and goes out to find her. One year later, Karan and Rhea reunite again. Karan admits his love for her, and they get married and have a baby girl.'] ['Eliot is a dependable and reliable—though thoroughly average—young man with a streak of bad luck. It seems that he is terminally typecast as a nice guy in a life that mimics the clichés of typical romantic comedies. In High School he was stood up by his date on Prom night when her ex-boyfriend, the most popular kid in school, swept her off her feet while he was getting drinks. In college, his next serious girlfriend was wooed back by her ex-boyfriend during a pep rally when he announced that he would abandon the Lacrosse team in favor of attending her music audition to Juliard. Later, during business school, the same thing happens when he and his then-girlfriend are intercepted by one of her ex-boyfriends with a puppy. Having lost three girlfriends to their ex-boyfriends has made Eliot defensive at the proposition of being abandoned  and having his heart broken. About a week before his wedding to his girlfriend, Caroline Swann, he discovers that she had a long-lost love in High School, Bradley, from whom she was inseparable. Eliot tries to keep himself composed, but even his Caroline\'s reassurances do not convince him that her feelings for Bradley are buried. Though he makes a last-ditch effort to convince her to elope, she refuses, and Eliot starts bracing himself for the worst when Bradley drops by and begins trying to win Caroline\'s affections again. In frustration, Eliot has a chance encounter with an office temp, Cecil , who shares the same elevator with him while he blurts out his unfortunate past. As he resigns himself to losing Caroline to Bradley, Cecil offers him a ray of hope: she does not believe in "Baxters" and thinks that his predicament is avoidable. The two meet up again later that night at a small club where Cecil likes to perform her original songs to finish their conversation, and Cecil states her theory: Eliot needs to take more risks. His problems began in High School when he didn\'t ask his first girlfriend to dance because she was on crutches, and this provided the opportunity for her ex-boyfriend to reignite her passion. Eliot decides to take more risks, though he is unsure on when and how to do so due to his reserved habits. When Cecil has a fight with her boyfriend later that night, Eliot offers to put her up for the night. The next morning, Caroline and their wedding planner , show up early to finalize their plans. Cecil wakes up Eliot, and he rushes to get ready in time for their arrival, and even though the night before had been completely innocent, he panics while getting ready and accidentally puts on Cecil\'s underwear instead of his own. After an accidental spill, the wedding planner spots the panties on Eliot, which completely breaks down Eliot\'s calm. During the meeting, Eliot makes a string of awkward suggestions, ranging from asking for a "funk" music theme and "baja cuisine" for their dinner plans. Caroline, visibly upset, begins to doubt their relationship and almost runs into the hiding Cecil a few times, though Eliot manages to cover. After the meeting with the wedding planner, Caroline calls off the wedding. Eliot, having been stood up for a dinner with his parents, goes out to a bar with his friends from work where he accidentally runs into Cecil\'s boyfriend, Dan , and Bradley with his current girlfriend. Though awkward at first, Dan dismisses any conflict when he realizes that Eliot is "the Baxter" that Cecil mentioned and actually thanks him for letting her stay at his house when they fought. Dan and Bradley  insist that the groups spend some time together and chat, much to Eliot\'s chagrin. Both Dan and Bradley laugh and joke with Eliot\'s friends, until one of them mentions that Caroline left him. Depressed and upset, Eliot leaves and contemplates suicide until he is interrupted by his friend, Louis , who gives him a pep talk on behalf of Caroline, who was worried about him. On Louis\' advice, he buys flowers, candies, and plans to take Caroline wherever it will take to make things right. When he arrives, he finds Bradley already at Caroline\'s apartment, swooning over Caroline and upset about breaking up with his girlfriend. They cancel his reservations to an expensive restaurant and go instead to a burger place that Bradley knows well. Eliot feels awkward because of Bradley\'s personal connections to the owner and patrons, while Eliot\'s refined tastes clash with the blue-collar atmosphere. Even with the owner\'s help, Eliot continues to feel out-of-place and eventually calls Cecil from the back of the restaurant, confessing that he feels that his marriage will be over before it begins. The next day, Eliot arrives at work to find that Cecil is his temp again due to a flu going around the office. When she proposes that they both go out and have a drink to celebrate their mutual misery, Eliot explains that after his phone call, the night actually got better for him. After their somewhat disastrous dinner, Bradley and Caroline demanded to go dancing and accused Eliot of being neither spontaneous nor romantic; he stands up for himself and defends his actions and firmly states that he is trying his best to change for her. At the end of his speech, he also reveals that he has changed his mind and now wants to go dancing with them, having convinced himself to try even harder to change for her—and reminding himself that his problems began when he didn\'t ask his first girlfriend to dance when he had the chance. Though embarrassed, the throws caution to the wind and accepts a lighthearted dance-off against Bradley, a former break-dancer. By accident, Bradley\'s final move, a spinning windmill, bumps Eliot in the face, both knocking him to the floor and bloodying his nose. Bradley apologizes and reveals, to everyone\'s surprise, that he will leave the next day with his science team. Though happy for him, Cecil is saddened by the news because, like Eliot, she has always seen herself as a "Baxter" and hoped that the two could commiserate together. When Eliot asks what she\'ll do next, she mentions that Dan has a new job in Cincinnati, and she\'ll probably follow him there to resume her singing there. At Caroline and Eliot\'s wedding, Bradley crashes the ceremony and declares his love for Caroline—a split second after Eliot has started his own objection—and Bradley and Caroline live happily ever after, according to Eliot. He takes off immediately to catch Cecil before she leaves town, and after a near-miss, finds her at her apartment. The two talk for a moment and Eliot declares his love, when the sudden appearance of one of Cecil\'s old boyfriends interrupts them. Eliot, refusing to let history repeat itself, simply chases him off rather than let him get started with another speech. The film closes with the pair performing in the same club where they had their first date, with Cecil singing one of her songs and Eliot playing the piano to back her up. In a mid-credits scene, the film returns to Eliot catching Cecil about to leave with Dan for Cincinnati. Narration begins, mirroring the narration done by Eliot in the beginning of the film, with Dan revealing himself to be a Baxter as well, describing his lament at losing the girl  to the leading man .'] ["Eddie , the owner of a sports shop, is single and indecisive about starting a relationship. While walking down the street he witnesses a purse snatcher victimizing Lila . After failing to retrieve the purse, they exchange pleasantries and eventually date. They quickly become serious, as they seem perfect for each other. Their relationship becomes threatened, however, when Lila is offered a job in Holland. When Eddie probes further, it is revealed that it is company policy not to relocate unmarried employees. Pushed by the urging of his father  and best friend , Eddie proposes to Lila and they get married. However, during their honeymoon, it becomes increasingly apparent to Eddie how mismatched the couple is. While driving down to Cabo Mexico, Lila continuously sings songs while listening to a blasting radio, much to the irritation of Eddie. In the scene that follows, Lila and Eddie have sex so violently it actually causes Eddie physical pain. Then the following morning she insists they hold hands during breakfast, by the end of which she spits the drinks through her nose and reveals she suffers from deviated septum . Upon their arrival at Espezanza Auberge Resorts, it comes to light that Lila's job is actually a volunteer position and that the purse snatcher was actually her ex-boyfriend. As Eddie realizes the mistake he has made, he meets Miranda , a vacationer from Mississippi there with her family. It's immediately obvious that Eddie and Miranda are a perfect match. With Lila stuck in their hotel room due to severe sunburn, Eddie devotes large amounts of his honeymoon time to Miranda. Eddie also connects with her family, except for her cousin ([[Danny McBride , who suspects Eddie of hiding something. To cover his long absences from his bride, Eddie makes up a story about a business with a major supplier to his store, who he is trying to butter up for 'better credit terms'. Eddie decides to break up with Lila. In the chaos that ensues, she and Miranda both abandon him. Eddie's passport is destroyed by Lila in the mayhem. He is forced to cross the U.S. border illegally with help provided from his friend Uncle Tito , but is repeatedly caught by border patrols while others escape by the hundreds. After an extensive effort to get into the country, he goes to Oxford, Mississippi only to find out that Miranda already married her previous boyfriend. He promises her aunt to leave Miranda alone, only to sneak into Miranda's house late at night. He wakes her up and talks to her without waking up her husband. Alas, her cousin breaks into the house with a baseball bat and beats Eddie up until Eddie's father makes his presence known too. Eddie agrees to leave if Miranda just says if she really loves her new husband. Miranda says yes. Eddie gives up on her although he doesn't know she looks at him from her balcony when he walks away. Eighteen months later, Eddie has moved to Mexico. Miranda comes there on vacation, informing him that she made a mistake, has split with her husband and wants to be with him. Eddie is very pleased, except he once again hides the fact that he has a new wife, Consuela , and he is thrust right back into the same situation."] ["Ambassador-designate to Saudi Arabia Ogden Mears  sails back to America after touring the world. He meets Natasha, a Russian countess , in Hong Kong after she sneaks aboard to escape being forced into prostitution. She has no passport and is forced to stay in his cabin during the voyage. Ogden dislikes the situation, being a married man, although partially separated, and worries how it might affect his career if she is found. But he reluctantly agrees to let her stay. They then have to figure out a way to get her off the ship, and it is arranged that she marry his aged valet, Hudson . Although it is only a formality, Hudson wishes to consummate the relationship, which a wish she does not share. Natasha avoids him and, before docking at port, jumps off the ship and swims ashore. Ogden's wife  then joins the cruise, having just missed her. Ogden's lawyer friend Harvey , who helped arrange the marriage, meets Natasha and tells her that the immigration officers have accepted her as Hudson's wife. Ogden's wife then confronts him about Natasha, speaking rather roughly about her and the life she led. He then asks if his wife would have done as well under such circumstances. The film ends with Ogden and Natasha meeting in a hotel's cabaret, where they begin dancing, since he has left the cruise and his wife behind. Charlie Chaplin makes two brief appearances as the ship's steward."] ["A petty thief steals a precious chain and is on the run. A police officer  is on his trail as Gopi ([[Dileep  who meets a girl Veena  on the flight. Veena is on her way to break the marriage of her lover to a tycoon's daughter and both are forced to travel together. Gopi hides the chain in Veena's bag but discovers that it is missing. He follows her and after a conflict become friends. Gopi plans to make a fortune out of the chain but his plans goes awry as the story unfolds. It was a hit at the box office.http://popcorn.oneindia.in/movie-synopsis/2418/vettam.html"] ['Snubbish, quick-tempered Henry Greene  and his fiancee Isabelle Perry  stop into a New York speakeasy owned by Tomasso Antiovi  for a drink. There, they meet retired Judge Dempsey , an amiable man who befriends the Southern belle, much to Henry\'s dismay. Famous opera singer "Tino Caraffa", a charming but notorious playboy whose real name is "Gus" Di Ruvo,  is there as well, and while Henry is gone to move his illegally parked car, Gus and Isabelle, an opera fan, get acquainted. When Henry returns he\'s incensed to learn that the two of them have been dancing together. He wants Isabelle to leave with him, but she refuses and breaks off their engagement, returning his ring. Henry tries to get the police to help him force Isabelle to leave, by telling them that she has been "kidnapped by villains", but Judge Dempsey sets them straight, getting Henry arrested and taken away. Gus offers to put Isabelle up for the night, assuring her that his intentions are "strictly dishonorable". The Judge warns Isabelle about Gus, but she is adamant about staying, since she has fallen in love. So, too, has Gus: overwhelmed by Isabelle\'s sweetness and innocence, he spends the night in Judge Dempsey\'s apartment. The next morning, Henry returns and tries to get Isabelle to come back to him. Despite appearances, she assures him that she has not lost her virtue and wants to know if he is still "pure", but he insists that it is "entirely different" for men. She reluctantly agrees to remain engaged to Henry, and he leaves to wait for her outside. Gus arrives and proposes marriage to Isabelle, but she does not believe that he loves her, and she leaves. When Gus and the judge go to get a drink, they find Isabelle there, crying. She confesses that she does love Gus, and the judge goes to tell Henry not to wait.<ref name14872&categoryavg&sql=1:112071 Plot summary ]'] ['Phil Potter splits with his wife, Jessica. She wants to begin a singing and songwriting career and she also has been having an affair. Phil moves from New York to Boston, where his brother Mickey and sister-in-law Marva live. Against his wishes, they set up Phil with a blind date, Marilyn Holmberg, a nursery-school teacher working on her master\'s degree. He begins a new life. Phil takes a part-time teaching job and attends a divorced-men workshop in a church basement, meeting lonely men like Paul and Larry whose situations are similar to his. Marilyn feels it\'s too soon following his breakup for Phil to begin a new relationship. He goes on a date with her friend Marie, a single mom who literally throws herself at him. The longer he is apart from Marilyn, the more he wants to be with her. They become lovers and their relationship grows, although Phil seems prone to panic attacks. On the day Phil finally invites Marilyn to move in with him, Jessica unexpectedly turns up at his apartment. She looks fabulous and has become a great success as a songwriter, although she is a decidedly off-key singer. At a family Thanksgiving dinner, a phone call from Jessica comes at an inopportune time. Marilyn overhears him telling Jessie that he is dining with his family and "a friend." Marilyn\'s feelings are hurt and she knows their relationship is at an end. Phil moves back to New York to be with Jessica again. But the more he is with her, the more he misses Marilyn. He returns to Boston only to find she is now dating a basketball player. Phil does everything he can, even disrupting a Boston Celtics practice, in an attempt to win her back.'] ['Unlucky plumber – Athanasius Borshchov   and his friend Fedulov  spend all day and night avoiding work and finding opportunities to drink. Afonya takes "kickbacks" from clients and is often in trouble with the local committee for his behaviour. Afonya meets plasterer Kolya  in a pub, gets drunk and comes home. When his girlfriend sees the state he\'s in, she leaves him. The next morning he can\'t even remember yesterday\'s drinking companion. Things continue to go downhill for Afonya. When student interns from the vocational school are allocated to the plumbers, master ZHEK Vostryakovo  doesn\'t allocate any to him, fearing that he will not teach them well. Afonya begs for trainees and gets two. Having worked with him for one day and having seen his attitude and working methods, the trainees refuse to work with him anymore. The next day, Kolya arrives to live at Afonya\'s, having been thrown out of his house by his wife. At a dance Afonya meets young nurse Katya Snegireva , who knows about him through her brother, who used to play in Afonya\'s volleyball team. Afonya doesn\'t pay her much attention, because he\'s more interested in older women and already has his eye on one at the dance. However, a romantic walk with the older woman after the dance is over before it begins – Afonya is challenged to a fight by a hooligan, who he\'d quarrelled with at the dance. The hooligan\'s friends join in, and finish the unequal fight. Katya worries for Afonya\'s safety, and calls the militia - which will only bring Anfonya to the committee\'s attention again. At a regular work call Borshchov meets Helen  and falls in love at first sight. He starts finding any excuse to work in her flat - even fooling a tenant, astronomer , by swapping his new Finnish sink for an old one, so he can install the Finnish sink in Helen\'s home as a gift. In his dreams Athos sees a family idyll with his wife Helen and their perfect children. Katya Snegireva, head over heels for Afonya, keeps engineering new meetings with him, and stops at nothing to attract his attention: "Athanasius! someone called, I thought it was – you ... ". Afonya is completely oblivious to her feelings. Meanwhile Afonya\'s run in with the militia catches up with him and, for persistent drunkenness, truancy and fighting Afonya is threatened with being sacked at a meeting of the local committee. In addition, if he doesn\'t restore the Finnish sink he\'s definitely going to be fired. Afonya takes a porcelain sink with flowers to Helen to swap with the Finnish sink, but meets Helen coming home with company. She makes her feelings quite clear: she has her own life among fashionable and wealthy men, and Afonya is just a plumber. Afonya, depressed, goes to a restaurant with Fedulov and tries to escape into drunkenness, but it doesn\'t help. In his drunken state he goes to Katya Snegireva\'s home and proposes marriage, and wakes up next to her in the morning. Katya tells him she\'s due to move to Africa with work and wonders if she should cancel for Afonya. Afonya then decides to go back to his village, to his aunt Frosya , who brought him up. In the village, he meets his childhood friend Concertina  and, in a joyous moment sends the city a telegram resigning from his job and giving up his apartment. Only then does he learn that Aunt Frosya died two years ago. Afonya\'s depression increases – he has lost everything and has nowhere to go. Neighbour Uncle Yegor  gives Athos his Aunt Frosya\'s legacy – savings account in his name, the deeds to her house, and the letters she\'d sent to herself, pretending they were from Afonya to the neighbours . The guilt of having ignored her only increases his gloom. Athanasius goes to the post office and tries to call Katya Snegireva on her memorable phone number 50-50-2, or as he says himself, "rug-rug or two." The answer comes back - Katya has left. Finally frustrated, he goes to the airport. He does not care where he\'s going or what will happen to him. Things have gotten so bad that a local militia man has to be convinced Afonya is the man in his passport photograph, so grim has he gotten since it was taken. Finally, just when Athanasius is heading to the AN-2 aircraft , a familiar girlish voice calls out. It\'s Katya, suitcase in hand: "Athanasius!, someone called, I thought it was – you ... "'] ["This is a story about the breakup of the family. In particular, it focuses on the lifestyle of three divorced men in the Los Angeles area, Dave Goldman , wrestling coach/driver's ed teacher Vic Damico , and real estate agent Donny Carson . The film is presented from their perspective and it reveals their relationships with their children, ex-wives, girlfriends, male friendships, and their identities as divorced men. In addition to dealing with divorce, the film touches on spousal loss and young adult homelessness."] ["Taking place shortly after the end of the first film, Nana 2 focuses more on Komatsu Nana  and her love life. Romance develops between Hachi and TRAPNEST's bassist Takumi as well as with the Black Stones' guitarist Nobu. Meanwhile, Nana works hard for her band while trying to find happiness. Both girls struggle through life, and try to keep their friendship from falling apart. More information on the story at Nana."] ["All Over the Guy is about Eli  and Tom . The film is told mostly in flashback, with Eli recounting his side to Esther , an HIV clinic worker as he waits for test results and Tom to a guy he meets at an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting. Tom is the adult child of emotionally distant alcoholic WASP parents who never quite accepted his sexual orientation. Eli's parents are both Jewish psychiatrists who raised him to be emotionally open but ended up making him neurotic. Tom and Eli are set up on a blind date by their best friends, Jackie  and Brett , who think they would be a perfect match. They're both looking for 'The One', but don't recognize it when they find it. On the date, a boring evening is broken up only by an amusing diatribe by Tom against the movie In & Out. A few days later they run into each other at a flea market and hit it off, winding up back at Eli's place where Tom spends the night. The next morning Tom says that it was a mistake. Jackie and Brett decide to try again to set them up, and the two men start to develop a relationship. Tom's fear of becoming emotionally close coupled with Eli's own insecurities makes it difficult for them to maintain, but Jackie and Brett get engaged which forces Tom and Eli together. They disguise their unease behind petty arguments over meaningless details of grammar and pronunciation but are finally able to push past the pettiness and make love. Eli tells Tom he loves him and Tom, terrified, lashes out at him the next day and drives him away. The flashbacks end here on the day of Brett and Jackie's wedding. Esther tries to teach Eli to be more understanding of Tom's emotional needs. The AA member tries to sexually assault Tom, and when he tells Jackie she upbraids him for throwing Eli away for daring to fall for him. At the reception, Eli and Tom come to realize that they have to overcome their families' dysfunction and their own fears."] ["Elvira Kent  and her husband Michael  suspect each other of cheating. For their wedding anniversary, Elvira books an ocean cruise to Rio de Janeiro but her husband claims that unexpected business will prevent him from going. Seeing an opportunity, Elvira pretends to take the trip alone, but in fact sends singer Georgia Garrett , a woman she'd met at the travel agency, in her place and under her name. By secretly staying behind, Elvira hopes to find out if Michael is indeed sneaking around behind her back. Michael, however, is suspicious over Elvira's supposed willingness to go on the trip alone, and so hires private detective Peter Virgil  to see if she is sneaking around behind his back. Peter joins the cruise and, as part of his job, becomes acquainted with Georgia. Georgia, following the instructions of the real Elvira, keeps up the ruse by pretending to be Elvira to everyone, including Peter. Georgia and Peter are attracted to each other and gradually fall in love, which causes conflict for both of them. During one of the cruise stops, Georgia's friend, Oscar Farrar , comes on board. Oscar is in love with Georgia despite Georgia's disinterest in him, and when Peter spots them together, he thinks he has discovered the identity of Elvira's lover."] ['Vadinho , Flor\'s irresponsible husband, drops dead while dancing in a street carnival party. Only Flor  expresses remorse after his death. Flor\'s friends and family see Vadinho\'s death as a chance for Flor to find happiness after the misery brought upon her by Vadinho\'s spendthrift ways and near total lack of respectability. Roughly the first half of Dona Flor recounts Flor\'s marriage with Vadinho in an extended flashback. What is made clear is that Vadinho was a great lover who admired his wife\'s respectability, but enjoyed protracted foreplay until she begged him to continue. He might not paint the house or leave her savings alone, but he changed this inhibited girl into a wife who experienced carnal joy regularly. The second half of Dona Flor involves Flor\'s meeting the respectable but extraordinarily dull pharmacist Teodoro , his courtship of her, and her marriage to him. Flor\'s friends consider Teodoro the exact opposite of Vadinho. Teodoro belongs in superior circles within Bahia\'s society, dresses elegantly, and treats Flor like a lady. What Flor\'s friends do not know is that Teodoro is also the opposite of Vadinho in one more respect: in bed, Teodoro is as lacking as Vadinho was accomplished. On the anniversary of Vadinho\'s death, Vadinho reappears to Flor in the nude and explains that she called him to "share her bed" with him. Only Flor can see and hear the nude spirit of Vadinho. She protests because she is now remarried and has pledged to be faithful to Teodoro, but after Vadinho laughs during Teodoro\'s pathetic attempts at love-making that night, Flor gives in and lives happily with both husbands. A shot toward the end of the film shows Teodoro lying in bed next to Flor, who kisses him on the cheek. The camera then pans to the left to show Vadinho on Flor\'s other side and she kisses him on the cheek too.'] ['The rich Mrs. Tuttle  is upset that her daughter Barbara  is engaged to a man beneath their social stature, Norman Phiffier . Phiffier, a dog walker, is as awkward socially as he is physically. Mrs. Tuttle despises Phiffier but she arranges for him to get a job at one of her stores. She directs the store manager, Quimby , to assign Phiffier a series of impossible and outrageous tasks, hoping he will become frustrated and quit, proving to her daughter that he is worthless. Instead, he becomes more driven and determined, with Quimby realizing that "he\'s a man of character." Barbara has been keeping her millionaire status as the sole heir to the Tuttle Department Store fortune a secret from Phiffier, knowing he is a proud person who refuses to marry her until he can afford to buy her a home. When her identity as an heiress is revealed, Phiffier breaks off the engagement and quits, returning to his previous job as dog walker. Phiffier in this way does prove his worth to Mrs. Tuttle and she accepts him into her family.'] ["Jane , who owns a successful bakery in Santa Barbara, California, and Jake , a successful attorney, divorced ten years ago. They had three children together, two girls and a boy, who are grown. Jake, who was cheating on Jane, married the much younger Agness . Jane and Jake attend their son Luke's college graduation from St. John's University in New York City. After a dinner together, the two begin an affair, which continues in Santa Barbara. Jane is torn about the affair; Jake is not. While Agness has Jake scheduled for regular sessions at a fertility clinic, Jake is secretly taking medication, a side effect of which reduces his sperm count. After one of his sessions he has a lunchtime rendezvous with Jane at a hotel. Jake collapses in the hotel room and a doctor is called. The doctor speculates that the reason for Jake's distress may be the medication and says he should stop taking it. Jake and Jane's children know nothing of the affair, but Harley , who is engaged to their daughter Lauren, spots the pair and the doctor in the hotel but keeps silent. Adam  is an architect hired to remodel Jane's home. Still healing from a divorce of his own, he begins to fall in love with Jane. On the night of Luke's graduation party in Santa Barbara, Jane invites Adam to the party. She is stoned when he picks her up because she has smoked a marijuana joint that Jake had given her earlier. Later at the party, Adam also smokes joint with Jane. Jake becomes jealous observing them, but with some cajoling by Jane, he gets stoned with them as well. Agness then observes Jake and Jane dancing together and becomes suspicious of their closeness. When they leave the party, Adam asks Jane if they could have something to eat. Jane takes him to her bakery and makes him chocolate croissants. This takes hours, and they enjoy their time together. Jake and Agness separate, although it is not clear who leaves whom. Eventually by a webcam in Jane's bedroom, Adam sees Jake naked and realizes that the two have been having an affair. Adam tells Jane he cannot continue seeing her because it will only lead to heartbreak. Jane's kids also find out, and they are not happy about Mom and Dad getting together again because they are still recovering from the divorce. Jane tells them she is not getting back with Jake. Jane and Jake talk and end their affair on amicable terms. The film ends with Adam at Jane's house ready to commence the remodeling. Before the credits roll, Jane and Adam are seen laughing while walking into her house."] ['Martha Klein  is a chef at Lido, a gourmet restaurant in Hamburg, Germany. A perfectionist who lives only for her work, Martha has difficulty relating to the world other than through food. Her single-minded obsession with her culinary craft occasionally leads to unpleasant confrontations with customers. Consequently, the restaurant owner, Frida , requires her to see a therapist  to work out her poor interpersonal skills. Martha\'s therapy sessions, however, turn into monologues on food, and her approach to stress management usually involves hiding in the restaurant\'s walk-in refrigerator. Martha\'s life takes a dramatic turn when she learns that her sister died in a car accident, leaving behind a young daughter, Lina . The girl\'s father, Giuseppe Lorenzo , has been out of the picture for years living somewhere in Italy. Martha must now look after her niece, who is depressed, withdrawn, and refuses to eat. While trying to cope with her sister\'s death and the difficulty of raising a young girl, Martha\'s world is further complicated when Frida hires funloving and unorthodox Mario  as a sous-chef to replace Lea , who is expecting a child any day. Martha looks on in horror as Mario transforms her kitchen of precision and logistics with his relaxed banter and Italian music. Unable to find an acceptable babysitter, Martha starts to bring Lina to the restaurant with her. Lina warms to Mario\'s playfulness and even devours a plate of spaghetti he\'s prepared. Touched by Mario\'s kindness and concern for the child, Martha becomes more accepting of Mario. She even asks for his help in locating Lina\'s father in Italy and translating a letter she\'s written to him. Just as Martha\'s relationship with Lina seems to be improving, a setback occurs when she forgets to pick the girl up from school while helping Lea get to the hospital to deliver her baby. Lina is angry at being forgotten. To make amends, Martha offers to grant Lina any wish. For her wish, Lina wants Mario to cook for them. Mario agrees, and prepares a picnic-style dinner in Martha\'s living room. Despite the mess left behind in the kitchen, the evening of stories and games bring the three closer together. Martha\'s relationship with Lina is tested again when Martha is informed by the school principal that Lina has not been attending school regularly, and when she does come to school, she sleeps in the classroom. Lina has also been telling her friends that she\'s forced to work in a kitchen for her room and board. Angered by Lina\'s behavior, Martha tells her she can no longer come to the restaurant. Lina storms off, nearly getting hit by a car, and later attempts to run away to Italy. A frustrated Martha tells Lina in frustration, "I wish I had a recipe for you, that I could follow." Mario continues to support Martha, and their relationship becomes romantic. Lina\'s father finally arrives, and takes his daughter to Italy to live with his new wife and family. Distraught and conflicted by the separation, Martha rejects Mario\'s loving support, and after another confrontation with a customer, she quits her job. Martha reconciles with Mario, and the two drive to Italy to bring Lina back to Germany. Martha and Mario marry, adopt Lina, and make plans to open their own restaurant together. Meanwhile, Martha\'s therapy sessions have turned into cooking lessons for her therapist, who is amazed that she can tell the difference between the type of sugar he used and the type of sugar called for in the recipe.'] ['High-powered divorce attorneys, Audrey Woods  and Daniel Rafferty , have seen love gone wrong in all its worst case scenarios—so, how bad could their chances be? At the top of their respective games, Audrey and Daniel are a classic study in opposites. She practices law strictly by the book; he always manages to win by the seat of his pants or by "cheap theatrics" as Audrey says in one scene. But soon they are pitted against each other on opposite sides of a nasty public divorce between famous clients, with the case centering upon an Irish castle, named Caisleán Cloiche or rock Castle, that each future divorcee has their sights set on. Audrey and Daniel travel to Ireland to chase down depositions, yet the two lawyers, who have been slowly developing a mutual attraction that neither wants to acknowledge, find themselves thrown together at a romantic Irish festival. After a night of wild celebrating, they wake up the next morning as husband and wife. Audrey is shocked but Daniel seems to be all normal. They return to New York and find their marriage news has been printed in a popular tabloid the next day. This is when Audrey decides that they should stay together to save their careers. But they are fighting the divorce case with the gusto they always had in the courtroom. Meanwhile they both start developing mutual attraction while staying together at Audrey\'s house. While disposing of garbage one day Daniel discovers some sensitive information about Audrey\'s client, which he spills accidentally in the next day\'s court proceedings. Audrey feels betrayed and asks for a divorce there and then, which Daniel agrees to give. Their famous clients, meanwhile, go to Ireland to their castle, but they are not legally permitted to go there. Judge Abramovitz  sends their respective counselors  to Ireland to inform them that the law does not permit them to be in the castle till a proper settlement, i.e. division of assets, is done. But to everybody\'s surprise the famous couple is reunited and it turns out that the priest who performed Audrey and Daniel\'s marriage was just a servant at the castle and not a priest, and the marriages he performed were just a part of the festival\'s celebration. They were anything but real. Audrey and Daniel are shocked and Daniel returns to New York but Audrey follows him as she realizes that she has fallen in love with him. They have a court marriage at the end which is carried out by Judge Abramovitz.'] ['Amar  and Prem  are two daydreamers with a common aim: getting rich by marrying a rich heiress, Raveena Bajaj , daughter of Ram Gopal Bajaj . The guys run into each other on a bus and soon realize that they have a common goal. The duo fail at various attempts to woo the lady. Finally, they decide to insinuate themselves in her house. Amar pretends to be a guy who has lost his memory after getting hit by Raveena, while Prem pretends to be a doctor. The boys don\'t know that Raveena\'s secretary Karishma  is real Raveena. She switched her identity because she wanted to find a boy who will love her, not her money. Nobody is aware that Ram Gopal has a twin brother called Shyam Gopal Bajaj aka Teja. Teja is a criminal who has taken lots of money from Crime Master Gogo . Teja hopes to land the riches himself by kidnapping his brother and posing as Ram. He has also planted his cronies Robert  and Bhalla  in the household. Ram arrives in India & Teja plans to steal Ram\'s money converted in diamonds. Here, Ram sees through the real nature of Amar & Prem, thus declining Raveena\'s marriage to anyone of them. The duo plan to fake a kidnapping where they will heroically "rescue" Ram. Unknown to them, Teja has planned to kidnap Ram as well. Teja succeeds in having Ram kidnapped. The boys go to release Ram, but Teja makes them believe that he is Ram and finally enters Ram\'s household. Initially, nobody suspects a thing, but the girls soon smell a rat. The boys have discovered real identities of the girls. Prem has fallen for real Raveena while Amar has fallen for real Karishma. The girls tell their suspicions to the boys. The boys tail Teja and soon find out the truth. Here, Ram tricks Teja and escapes the prison. However, the boys mistake him for Teja, resulting Ram to be imprisoned again - with Amar & Prem. However, Amar & Prem succeed in convincing Robert & Bhalla that Ram is actually Teja. The boys, along with Robert & Bhalla, stop Teja. However, Ram is kidnapped along with Raveena & Karishma. The climax takes place in Gogo\'s lair, where the boys try to control the situation along with Ram. In a comic standoff, the real motives of each villain are revealed. However, due to the smartness of the boys, police raid Gogo\'s lair, thus rounding up all the criminals. Ram finally decides to have the girls married to Amar & Prem.'] ['Wallace  and Wilder Foudroyant  are brothers and pyrokinetics. Ever since a childhood tragedy where they accidentally killed a bum sleeping in a friend\'s "secret clubhouse," they\'ve kept their firestarting abilities a secret. Now that they\'re grown up and estranged, Wallace  wants to debut his talents on The David Letterman Show. Wilder has a dull job in a minuscule Kwik Foto booth at a dying mall and is a volunteer fireman. When Wallace brings the carnival to Wilder\'s Florida hometown, the tension between the brothers over Wilder\'s oversexed wife, Vida , explodes. Unable to convince Wilder to forgo his Bingo-calling on her first day of freedom after a year of house arrest for inadvertent arson, Vida goes off with Wally. They share a kiss at a miniature golf course which bursts into the flames of their passion. Returning home after his fire unit has extinguished the flames at the golf course, Wilder discovers Vida and Wally about to make love on the roof of the house trailer. Wally and Wilder fight it out, with Wally setting the trailer ablaze. All three are jailed, but Wally and Vida are bailed out by Wally\'s friend and carnival partner, Rex . In a deep slump, Wilder goes back to the Kwik Foto  while Vida stays at the firehouse. Wally goads him into fighting for Vida, and their climactic fight sets half the carnival\'s rides ablaze. The denouement shows Vida and Wilder  watching Wallace on a successful Letterman reappearance as Dr. Napalm.'] ["Young-mi , is a young woman who has lost her parents and struggling to fend for herself. She receives the assistance of a stranger who pays her university fees and sends her gifts. She affectionately nicknames her benefactor “Daddy-Long-Legs”. After completing her studies and initially struggling for work, Young-mi eventually obtains her dream job as a program writer in a nationally-syndicated radio station. On top of this, it has been arranged for her to stay rent-free in a nice house that the owner vacated due to health reasons. Young-mi believes that her good fortune is the work of her “Daddy-Long-Legs”. One day, Young-mi receives an email from the owner of the house. The email was date-stamped to arrive at the house's computer on that specific day, though it was written and sent a year earlier. The email details a love story written by the unseen owner of the house. The writer confesses that she has secretly been in love with a guy since her school days. In order to be near him, she worked hard to obtain a place in the same course at the institution he was studying in. Although she didn't have the courage to introduce herself, she was happy to see him every day. The writer explains that when he got a job at a radio station, she followed him there. But then she was diagnosed with a terminal disease which would cause her to lose her memory and then die. The writer's greatest fear is not of dying, but of losing her memory, which is why she wrote the email to be sent to herself in the future. Young-mi is deeply touched by the story and decides to air its contents via the national radio program to locate the young man with whom the owner of the house was in love. The story is serialized and dramatized on the air, quickly becoming an audience favorite. Meanwhile, Young-mi meets Kim Jun-ho , who works as a librarian in the radio station. They spend time together and Young-mi begins to fall in love with him. Young-mi then discovers that Jun-ho is the love interest mentioned in the email. Young-mi decides to end their relationship, guilty with the knowledge that someone somewhere out there has been in love with him for years. Young-mi also investigates her “Daddy-Long-Legs”, eventually learning that her current job and accommodations were the decisions of the radio station's director. She confronts him, but it turns out that the director was only acting on behalf of his younger brother, who chose to provide Young-mi with her school fees and asked that she be given her current job and his house to live in. It turns out the director's brother is Jun-ho, who is also the writer of the email. Jun-ho had switched genders when writing the email, and lost all of his earlier memories of Young-mi when they were students together and he loved her from afar; when they met in the radio station's library, it was the first time for both. Young-mi is devastated by this news. She reconnects with Jun-ho and they spend as much time together before his illness relapses and he dies."] ['Elle Woods  wants her Chihuahua, Bruiser, to reunite with his mother, because she would like Bruiser\'s mom to attend Elle and Emmett\'s wedding. Elle hires a detective to find Bruiser\'s mother, only to discover that the company that has her dog\'s mother is a Stripper company that uses Bruiser\'s mother for "testing". She finds out that her law firm represents the C\'est Magnifique Corporation. Elle decides to leave Boston, where she and Bruiser have settled with her fiancé Emmett, and go to Washington, D.C. to work on Bruiser\'s Bill. Elle is upset that her dog\'s mother is in a make-up testing laboratory, and decides to take it upon herself to be the "voice for those who can\'t speak" and to outlaw animal testing. While working for Congresswoman Victoria Rudd , Elle is met with skepticism and other barriers common to Washington politics. Rudd\'s member of staff, Timothy, sarcastically calls her "Capitol Barbie".  After a variety of ups and downs including a failed attempt to improve her work environment by having her co-workers write compliments about one another and place them in the "snap cup", Elle starts to lose her faith in Washington politics. As the story moves along, Elle discovers that Bruiser is actually gay, after she is paged by "The Paws that Refreshes: A Doggy Day Spa." Bruiser has been affectionate with Leslie, a Rottweiller owned by Congressman Stan Marks , the Chairman of the Committee on Energy and Commerce which has jurisdiction over Bruiser\'s Bill. Elle also finds that Congresswoman Libby Hauser , the Ranking Member of the same committee, was a member of Delta Nu . As a result, both Marks and Hauser warm to Elle and eventually come to support Bruiser\'s Bill. Elle also discovers that Congresswoman Rudd has actually been working against her. Rudd has been doing so in an effort to satisfy the interests of a major campaign donor named "Bob" . However, Rudd is eventually blackmailed into supporting Elle\'s petition, because Rudd\'s Chief of Staff, Grace Rossiter  eavesdrops on a recorded conversation during which Rudd admits to Elle that she has been working against Bruiser\'s Bill in order to help Rudd\'s sponsors who want to continue with tests on animals. As Grace is appalled that Rudd lied to Elle and blamed it on her, Grace and Elle eventually reach a place of mutual respect, especially after Grace admits she came to Washington D.C. with an enthusiasm not unlike Elle\'s, but later lost that idealism when she discovered how dirty politics could really be. With the help of her friends, Elle\'s petition is successful, and Bruiser\'s Bill is brought to the floor of the House. Elle and Emmett get married in a park in D.C., albeit not at Fenway Park as they had planned, but standing on the home plate which has been delivered to D.C. by the UPS Guy ([[Bruce Thomas . In the final scene of the movie, when Emmett asks where to live, Elle says, "Oh, I think I know just the place," as they are driving by the White House.'] ["Lou falls in love with her best friend Sassafras who doesn't know. In order to bring their careers as performance artists forward they move to San Francisco where they get into the BDSM scene. Soon they start a princess/daddy role-play: Lou plays out a Sea Captain Daddy role and Sass takes on a brat princess."] ["Sakthi is a spoiled rich kid, with his mother Sachu & grandfather Kaka Radhakrishnan constantly doting on him with cash and gifts. His father, Vinu Chakravarthi is worried that he has such a good-for-nothing son. As fate always has it, Sakthi falls head over heels in love with Indhu .Sakthivel’s uncle, Kundalakesi , aids Sakthi in the cause of declaring his love to Indhu. In the meantime, Vinu Chakravarthi meets his long-lost friend Jayaganesh and they agree on a marriage proposal for their children. Sakthi,  does not realize that Indhu is indeed Jayaganesh’s daughter, gets his cousin Mathi ([[Vivek  and Kundalakesi to misbehave and create a fight during the engagement. Eventually the truth is revealed, Indhu gets furious. Sakthi see a girl called Latha  committing suicide. Inspector  wrongly thinks them as married couple and tries them to marry each other but sakthi escapes. Sakthi mistakenly hurted another girl  whose father , also thinks him to be her husband.Sakthi's cousin, Mathi works as a henpecked husband to a rich and arrogant wife  and lies to her that vichithra is sakthi's husband. atlast sakthi is going to marry indhu, but persons who is known to three girls come and misbehave. three girls explains the situations and make them understand what happened.sakthi and indhu get married."] ['The film follows Jack Martin as he is offered a large amount of money to impersonate his look alike, Henri Duran.'] ['Two lovers are separated and marry other partners. After that boyfriend dies, the girlfriend becomes delirious.'] ['E.J. Baxter  is a headstrong and popular New York City publicist. E.J. seemingly has the "perfect life"; a beautiful condo, a loving fiancee, a great job, and an excellent boss. But E.J.\'s world takes a turn for the worse when she catches her fiancee Noah having an affair with her boss Lillah at the office Christmas party, resulting in E.J. breaking Lillah\'s expensive Gucci pump shoe, and breaking off her engagement with Noah. Now, having no one to spend Christmas or New Years with , E.J. starts to look for a new job, though with Lillah account black-balling her all over the city, E.J. has no one else to turn to except her braggish sister Roz. Feeling sympathy for her, Roz pushes E.J. to take up a job offer in Kalispell, Montana to lure corporate retreats for a year. Upon arriving, E.J. is extremely disappointed to find that her "job" is working at a Chamber of Commerce bureau with no secretaries or office, except her cheerful co-worker Jan Lucas . After a few days working together, Jan invites E.J. to the town\'s barbecue where they raise money for equipment for the Kalispell Search & Rescue team. To show respect, E.J. reluctantly goes and meets Dr. Marci Hempel and Eric, members of the search and rescue team. Marci tells E.J. that they raise money by holding various events, triathlons, pancake breakfasts, bake sales, etc. and if they don\'t raise enough money all of the tourists will go to more popular destinations such as Aspen. The day after the barbecue, E.J drives over to former client Robert Lazaar\'s chalet to take photos to lure CEO\'s for corporate retreats. While there, E.J. runs into arrogant Will Abrecht , a member of the rescue squad, swimming in Robert\'s pool. The two immediately get into an argument, as their sparring occurs partly into the movie. The next day, Jan and E.J. receive leftovers of Kalispell\'s local calendar which Jan believes is boring because it shows everyday Montana scenery. Remembering a naked Will, E.J. holds a conference with the Search and Rescue team as a new means of funding their equipment. E.J. puts her media know-how to good use by telling them each man can pose half-naked for the calendar . While the majority find it completely absurd, especially Will, Jason defends E.J. and starts a short-term relationship with her. Right after the conference, Will comes by to rudely tell E.J. that it was a unanimous vote of no, not wanting to make a joke of the Rescue Squad. E.J. is determined, and starts one by one to convince every member of the rescue squad to pose. E.J. eventually becomes successful even persuading Mayor Bob Baker, much to Will\'s dismay as he won\'t be needed because there are only twelve months but thirteen men on the squad. But E.J.\'s opinion about Will and vice versa soon change when E.J. is invited to an abseiling party and is goaded by Will to try abseiling for the first time. Although, halfway down, E.J. grips up, resulting in Will having to counsel her the rest of the way down. E.J. shyly thanks Will which finally grants Will enough courage to announce his feelings to E.J. saying that it\'s the most disgusting feeling he ever felt. E.J. is outraged and turns down his offer to sponsor the calendar, getting successful Chicago businesswoman Sonia Kendall to sponsor it instead, liking E.J.\'s breath of fresh cynicism. When everything seems to be going perfectly, Mike comes by to tell E.J. that he is completely nervous and that there\'s no possible way for him to be convinced to pose. Although, feeling a soft spot for E.J. Will volunteers instead resulting in Will and E.J. having an intimate relationship. Eventually, the calendar is successful as publicity and women surround Kalispell. Jason comes by to tell E.J that he found a new job and is relocating to Chicago with his boss and girlfriend Sonia Kendall. But when Will overhears Jan talking to Eric on how E.J. may be moving back to New York. E.J. and Will get into an argument as Will resents ever getting involved with E.J. This just causes E.J. to go back to New York earlier and re-accept her recently lost job with Lillah. It is at New York that E.J. is reminded of Will and everyone she met back in Kalispell. During an important business conference E.J. receives an emergency call from Jan that Will is in Kalispell Regional Hospital with a possibly fatal condition after falling 50 feet from a mountain. Out of insanity and love E.J. immediately flies out to Kalispell Regional and is informed by a nurse that Will is gone. Believing that Will died he comes up behind her to tell her he forgot something as E.J. tells him so has she. The two then embrace and kiss passionately. E.J. ends up residing with Will and all of her newly made friends in the hole in the ground that says Montana.'] ["Preston Blake started out in his career hoping to be a disc jockey as a young man, slowly working his way up through the ranks to found Blake Media, a corporation running hundreds of television and radio stations and with 50 thousand employees. After Blake freezes to death at the summit of Mount Everest with a triumphant smile on his face, a search for his heir begins. It is found that Blake has a living nephew named Longfellow Deeds , who runs a pizzeria in New Hampshire and attempts  to write and sell greeting card captions. Deeds is contacted and brought to New York City by attorney and businessman Chuck Cedar . Plans are made for Deeds to sell his shares in the company to Cedar and return home $40 billion richer, but he must remain in New York for a few days as all the legal details are worked out. The story is major news, and reporter Babe Bennett , who works for a tabloid show called Inside Access, has a friend pretend to steal her purse in sight of Deeds, because their research indicated Deeds wanted to meet a girl by saving her, the same way his father had met his mother. Deeds rescues her  and she continues to go out with him under the disguise of Pam Dawson, a school nurse from Winchestertonfieldville, Iowa (a town she made up on the spot when asked where she was from, which later turns out to be a real place . Though Pam initially hopes to just get a good story on the new heir, she eventually falls for the unfailingly kind-hearted Deeds, and decides to tell him that she is not who she says she is, but Inside Access, in concert with Cedar  reveals it to Deeds first. Heartbroken, and upset, Deeds decides to return home to Mandrake Falls after giving his $40 Billion inheritance to the United Negro College Fund . After returning to Mandrake Falls, he learns from Crazy Eyes  that Chuck Cedar intends to sell off the company, which will cause thousands of people to lose their jobs. Babe visits Deeds in Mandrake Falls and tries to win him back. After saving her after she's fallen through the ice over a lake, he rejects her saying he does not really know who she is. At a shareholders meeting, Cedar has everyone convinced to sell the company, until Deeds  arrives and manages to convince everyone not to sell. But Cedar has control of a majority of the shares and the sale is approved. Babe arrives, and reveals that Blake's butler, Emilio , is Preston Blake's illegitimate son , and the true heir. As a result, Deeds' sale of his shares to Cedar is not legal. Emilio immediately takes control and fires Cedar, as well as the entire top brass at the company, with the exception of Cecil Anderson , a good-hearted executive who had befriended Deeds . Babe reveals herself to Deeds and apologizes for tricking him, and they reconcile and Deeds falls in love again. As they are leaving, Emilio thanks Deeds for his support and asks how he can repay him. Deeds says that all he wants is his friendship. Emilio ends up giving Deeds a billion dollars, some of which Deeds spends on Corvettes for the entire town, and he returns to Mandrake Falls with his new wife Babe, where he learns that Hallmark Cards has bought one of his cards, the one he wrote for Babe."] ["While on a cruise, stodgy, overly-frugal businessman Larry Wilson  gets hit on the head with an oar while rescuing 'Doc' Ryan . He wakes up and remembers that he is actually a suave conman named George Cary; Doc is one of his crooked associates. However, he has lost all memory of the past nine years as Larry. He returns to New York and learns that he is married to Kay , who is in the process of divorcing him to marry Herbert . George talks Doc into masquerading as a physician treating him, partly out of curiosity, but mostly because of greed, after seeing the balance in his checking account. That turns out to be a dead end (the money is only held in trust for the [[Community Chest , so he decides to swindle people using his alter-ego's sterling reputation. A complication arises when he falls in love with Kay a second time. She however wants nothing further to do with her boring cheapskate of a husband. George attempts to win back Kay's affections while simultaneously trying to sell some worthless land to the greedy leading citizens of the town."] ["Manhattanite Julie Messinger, a complacent housewife and mother of two raucous young sons, is married to Richard, a chauvinistic and self-centered magazine art director and author of a best-selling children's book. When he falls into a coma during minor surgery to remove a nonmalignant mole on his neck, Julie learns from his doctor, Dr. Timmy Spector, that another surgeon nicked his artery, necessitating a blood transfusion to which he had a rare allergic reaction. The following day, Julie is told Richard has overcome the reaction, but his liver has sustained serious damage requiring immediate treatment. In quick succession, all his organs begin to fail. While trying to comfort Julie, family friend Cal Whiting reveals his girlfriend Miranda has confessed to having had a lengthy affair with Richard. Distressed by the news, Julie seeks advice from her egocentric mother but finds herself unable to discuss her husband's infidelity. She decides to confront Miranda and asks her what future she anticipated having with her husband. Miranda confesses she and Richard are deeply in love and have discussed marriage, although thus far she has been unable to make such a permanent commitment. Julie begins to unravel emotionally. She visits Cal, whose attempted seduction of her fails due to impotence. At the hospital, she tells the unconscious Richard she will never divorce him and vows to ruin his reputation. Timmy invites her to his apartment for drinks and admits he was aware of Richard's affair not only with Miranda, but with other women as well, and kept them secret out of a sense of loyalty to his friend. Stunned and confused, Julie lashes out at Timmy, then seduces him, and he succumbs to her advances. At home later that evening, Julie finds a black book in Richard's desk and realizes it contains coded data about his numerous extramarital affairs, many of them with her friends. She gives it to Cal, who then shows it to Miranda to prove she was just one of Richard's many conquests. The following day, Richard goes into cardiac arrest, and Julie realizes she wants him to survive despite his betrayal of her. When Timmy reports her husband has died, a grieving Julie takes her sons for a walk in Central Park to contemplate their future."] ['Tom Logan  is an Assistant District Attorney in the New York City District Attorney\'s Office, who is on his way to becoming the new District Attorney. Into his life enters Laura Kelly , an attorney who is representing Chelsea Deardon . Chelsea is accused of stealing a painting from an art dealer, Victor Taft . However, Chelsea claims that the painting is actually hers, as her father made it for her and signed it to her on her 8th birthday 18 years ago - the same day that her father and most of his paintings went up in smoke in a mysterious fire. Kelly eventually manages to talk Logan into helping them . However, things turn even more mysterious when Taft suddenly drops all charges against Chelsea and a police detective, Cavanaugh , comes up with proof that the paintings that supposedly were lost in the fire—which were worth millions in insurance—are still in existence. Chelsea also continues coming on to Logan, coming to his apartment being fearful of someone following her. When Logan goes to investigate, he is shot at. Logan agrees to continue trying to protect Chelsea while Kelly continues her investigation into the paintings. After an attempt by Taft to blow up a warehouse with incriminating information—which almost blows Logan and Kelly up as well—Logan and Kelly find evidence of a massive insurance fraud between Taft, Deardon and a third man who was sent to prison. Logan and Kelly go to Taft\'s apartment and find him murdered and Chelsea hiding in Taft\'s apartment. When Logan is caught in bed with Chelsea after her being accused of Taft\'s murder, Logan\'s career as an Assistant District Attorney is finished. Logan reluctantly teams up with Kelly, which is also encouraged by Logan\'s daughter, who thinks the two make a good couple. Realizing that a sculpture Taft claimed to them was priceless but told Chelsea was worthless, Logan goes to find Cavanaugh while Kelly and Chelsea go to an exposition in honor of Taft to find the sculpture. There, the person they thought was Cavanaugh reveals himself as Joe Brock, the third person who was locked up. Brock forces Kelly and Chelsea to break open the hollow sculpture, grabs the painting inside and cuffs them to a table. He then sets fire to another part of the gallery, forcing an evacuation. Logan, having realized that Cavanaugh was not who he thought he was, races to the gallery. Logan and Brock fight, with Brock eventually falling to his death. Logan finds Kelly and Chelsea, grabs the painting and the three escape from the burning gallery, where Chelsea tearfully reveals the signature "To Chelsea" on the back of the painting. After all charges are dropped against Chelsea, Logan\'s former boss offers to take him back, based on Logan\'s publicity. Logan, however, decides to stay with Kelly, and the two set up an office together.  Legal Eagles has several different endings. The film opened to mediocre reviews in theaters and by the time it reached television, defendant Chelsea Deardon, had gone from innocent to guilty. The alternate endings include her guilty of one murder, innocent, and then guilty of a different murder.'] ['The story is about two World War II U.S. Army buddies, one a Broadway entertainer, Bob Wallace , the other a would-be entertainer, Phil Davis . It begins on Christmas Eve, 1944, somewhere in Europe. In a forward area, Capt. Wallace is giving a show to the troops of the 151st Division with the help of Pvt. Davis . But the mood is somber: word has come down that their beloved commanding officer, Major General Thomas F. Waverly , is being relieved of command. He arrives for the end of the show and delivers an emotional farewell. The men give him a rousing send-off . An enemy artillery barrage ensues, and Davis saves Wallace\'s life by carrying him out of the way of a toppling wall, wounding his own arm slightly in the process. Using his "wounded" arm and telling Bob he doesn\'t expect any "special obligation", Phil convinces Bob to join forces as an entertainment duo when the war is over. Phil using his wound to get Bob to do what he wants becomes a running gag throughout the movie. After the war, the pair make it big in nightclubs, radio and then on Broadway. Becoming successful producers, they eventually mount their newest hit musical entitled Playing Around. Phil is increasingly concerned that his pal Bob has not met a woman with whom he can settle down and several clumsy attempts to set him up with showgirls fail. In mid-December, after two years on Broadway, the show is in Miami, and while performing at the Florida Theatre, they receive a letter from "Freckle-Faced Haynes, the dog-faced boy", a mess sergeant with whom they\'d been acquanted back in the war, asking them to audition his two sisters. When they go to the club to audition the act , Phil notices that Bob is smitten with Betty , while Phil has eyes for her sister, Judy . Following their number, the girls join Bob and Phil at their table, and believing he may have found the right girl for Bob, Phil brings Judy on to the dance floor so that Bob and Betty can get to know each other better. Phil and Judy hit it off , and Judy tells Phil that she and her sister are headed for the Columbia Inn in Pine Tree, Vermont, where they are booked to perform over the holidays. Back at the table, Betty reveals to Bob that Judy herself, not her brother, sent them the letter. The two get into a brittle argument, and the prospects for a romance seem doubtful.  When the girls\' corrupt landlord claims the sisters burned a $200 rug and is trying to have them arrested, Phil hears the news and helps them escape out the window, giving the girls their own sleeping-room accommodations aboard the train to Vermont. To give the girls time to make it to the train, Phil convinces Bob to don the girls\' forgotten costumes and lip-sync "Sisters" from a record after which the boys arrive on the same train two hours later. The girls are all over Bob in appreciation for giving up their sleeping accommodations and Phil uses "his arm" once again to convince Bob to travel with the girls to Vermont for the holidays . When everybody arrives to put on the show at the Pine Tree Ski Lodge, there\'s not a flake in sight and the weather is so unseasonably warm, chances of it falling appear dim. The boys discover that the inn is run by their former commanding officer, Gen. Waverly, who has invested all his savings and pension into the lodge, and it\'s in danger of failing because of the lack of snow and consequent lack of patrons. Deciding to help out and bring business up to the inn, Wallace and Davis bring the entire cast and crew of their new musical Playing Around, and add in Betty and Judy where they can. At the same time, Bob and Betty\'s relationship starts to bloom  and they begin to spend a good deal of time together. Meanwhile, Bob discovers the General\'s rejected attempt at rejoining the army, and decides to prove to the General that he isn\'t forgotten. Bob calls Ed Harrison ([[Johnny Grant , an old army buddy, now the host of a successful variety show . Bob tells Ed that he wants to make a televised pitch to all the men formerly under the command of the General, asking them to come to the inn on Christmas Eve as a surprise. In response, Harrison suggests they go all out and put the show on national television, playing up the whole "schmaltz" angle of the situation and generating lots of free advertising for Wallace and Davis in the process. What Bob doesn\'t know is that nosy housekeeper Emma Allen  has been listening in to the phone conversation on the extension but has only heard about the whole schmaltz suggestion, hanging up before Bob rejects the idea. Mistakenly believing that her beloved boss will be presented as a pitiable figure on a primetime coast to coast broadcast, Emma reveals what she heard to a shocked Betty who is originally loath to believe Bob would pull such a stunt for his own gain, but mistakenly comes to believe he would indeed stoop to such depths. The misunderstanding causes a now-disillusioned Betty to grow suddenly frigid to an equally-baffled Bob. Unaware of the real reason for her sudden change of behavior, Judy becomes convinced that Betty, ever-protective of her little sister, will never take on a serious relationship until Judy is engaged or married. She pressures an extremely reluctant Phil to announce a phony engagement, but the plan backfires when Betty abruptly departs for New York City, having received a job offer. Distraught, Phil and Judy reveal to Bob that the engagement announcement was phony, and Bob, still unaware of the real reason behind Betty\'s annoyance, heads to New York to explain. Bob goes to see Betty\'s new act  and reveals the truth about the engagement, but is called away by Ed Harrison before he can find out what is really bothering her. Meanwhile, back at the Inn, Phil fakes an injury to distract Gen. Waverly so he won\'t see the broadcast or Bob\'s announcement. On the broadcast, Bob proceeds to ask the veterans of the 151st Division to come to Pine Tree, Vermont, on Christmas Eve . When Betty is backstage in the greenroom between performances, she catches Bob\'s pitch on a television set and realizes she was mistaken. All is set right, and she returns to Pine Tree just in time for the show on Christmas Eve. Emma convinces Gen. Waverly that all his suits were sent to the cleaners, and suggests he wear his old uniform to the opening of the show. Initially reluctant, he agrees. When the General enters the lodge where the show is to take place, he is greeted by his former division, who sing a rousing chorus of "The Old Man". Just as the song ends, he is notified that snow is finally falling. In the finale, Bob and Betty declare their love for one another, as do Phil and Judy. The background of the set is removed to show the snow falling, everyone raises a glass, and toasts, "May your days be merry and bright; and may all your Christmases be white."'] ["April's Shower begins with a group of people gathered for a wedding shower for April. At first, it seems to be a normal gathering for such an occasion but, as time goes on, secrets and stories begin to be revealed. Alex  is a chef and a maid of honor at April's wedding. She ultimately reveals her true feelings which ends up taking an effect on everybody at the shower."] ["After three years a sailor Aleksei  comes back from the Black Sea Fleet to Moscow for a meeting with his waiting girlfriend  and old classmates. Unfortunately, he finds out that his girlfriend is already married and has a child, and decides to spend the remaining time in the restaurant with friends: a son of an oligarch Konstantin , beginner actor Artur  and hip-hop artist Timati. When their lunch is coming to the end, it appears that no one has money to pay the bill, except Konstantin's dollars which do not accept for payment. The rapper is decided to exchange currency at the nearest exchanger, that will cause troubles. As the former exchanger belongs to the Armenian , Timati sets out in search of another, but runs against a nazi skinhead gang. Saving his own life, the hero hides in Konstantin's flat, where Ostap Bender-like swindler Dani  in waiting him. Meanwhile, his friends cannot wait anymore and Artur is sent off. Before he can exchange, he is allured by the film director  and prepares for shooting, but misses the actor-bus and leaves with gastarbeiters to demolish the Rossiya Hotel. Konstantin hands over his last dollars to Aleksei, but he also fails and falls in love with a young traffic victim Nastya . After all that, despaired Konstantin raises noise in the restaurant, as a result he gets jailed by the militsiya. Luckily for him, the mates do not abandon a friend and rescue him from captivity."] ['In an opening scene, a group of men are interviewed regarding Christina Walters  who introduce her as a player and a user of men in the swinging singles market. The men include: *A neurotic loser who gets a nose bleed when she fails to call him after promising to do so. *A man who saw the movie Swingers and is calling her after 3 days only to find that she gave him a number for Moviefone. *A man whose masculinity comes into question when he attempted to court Christina and was denied claiming her to be a lesbian *A very talkative man who ends up propelling himself off an exercise bike when he starts talking about Christina. The scene shifts back to the sexist man whose claims of Christina\'s lesbianism causes an entire crowd of women to attack him with baseball bats and the movie moves along, introducing Christina Walters, a successful interior designer and Courtney Rockcliffe  who is a divorce lawyer as they console their friend and roommate Jane , who had recently broken up with her boyfriend Kevin, by taking her out to a dance club and cancel their plans to stay in for pizza. At the club, Jane feels out of place and Christina grabs a man passing by to set Jane up with. She meets Peter Donahue  who confronts Christina for her methods before disappearing for the night. While in the bathroom with Courtney, she calls him by name, leading her to suspect that he got under Christina\'s skin and she\'s actually attracted to him which she denies. After running into Peter again, Christina buys him a drink and they spend time together, Peter explaining that he will be attending a wedding on Saturday and he is there with his obnoxious, womanizing brother Roger  to celebrate. He invites Christina and Courtney to an after-party at their hotel, but Christina goes home and later regrets not going. The next day, Christina can\'t stop talking about Peter while Jane deals with an embarrassing "cleanup" from her fun with the guy she met the night before. In the unedited version, Jane returns to the lunch and the women talk about always complimenting men for the sizes of their penises, eventually breaking out into a restaurant-wide "Penis Song". Courtney arranges for her and Christina to travel to Summerset where Peter\'s brother\'s wedding is to take place and they meet Jane\'s boyfriend as a recurring gag they indicate he is well endowed causing misery and enjoyment from Jane. After they leave, Christina and Courtney go on a series of misadventures including an exploding toilet, a glory hole discovery, and a motorcyclist who is led to believe Christina is giving Courtney oral sex. Meanwhile Jane encounters her boyfriend at her retail job and is nearly caught having sex with him in the changing rooms. When Christina and Courtney finally get to Summerset, Christina begins having second thoughts after visiting a store to replace their wet and ruined clothing only to come out in extremely gaudy, indiscreet outfits, but a series of coincidences gives her a change of heart and they go to Peter\'s brother\'s wedding. While there, they discover that it was Peter, not Roger who was getting married and the pair nearly ruin the ceremonies in their attempts to escape. Peter and his fiance then decide that they do not want to marry each other and they call off the wedding  while Christina returns home and back to a newly unfulfilled life of being single again. Peter finds Christina\'s address in the log at the store they bought their clothing and tracks her down. Christina, determined not to fear the commitment, kisses Peter and then walks away disappointed. Sometime later, Courtney is dating a doctor and is clearly very attracted to him, and Peter is interviewed like the men at the beginning of the film, retelling his version of the events calling her a bitch and a player, but ultimately revealing that he and Christina are together, having gotten married and are living very happily with Jane and Courtney and Roger as well. Whether they all live together is left ambiguous.'] ['The movie is framed with interviews with elderly couples telling stories about their relationships. Several stories are told throughout the movie. The story begins in 1977. Harry Burns  and Sally Albright  finish college at the University of Chicago and meet when both need someone to share a drive to New York City, where Sally is beginning journalism school and Harry is presumably starting a career; at the time, Harry is dating a friend of Sally\'s, Amanda . The film\'s underlying theme arises from their differing ideas about relationships between men and women which emerge during this journey. Harry evinces the view that "Men and women can\'t be friends because the sex part always gets in the way" ... even with ones "he finds unattractive". Sally disagrees, claiming that men and women can be strictly friends without sex. On the way, at a stop in a diner, Sally is angered when Harry tells her she is attractive; she accuses him of making a pass at her. In New York, due to their divergent philosophies, they part on less than friendly terms. Five years later, they meet in a New York airport and find themselves on the same plane. Both are in relationships; Sally has just started dating a man named Joe—who happens to be an old friend of Harry\'s—and Harry is engaged to a woman named Helen, which surprises Sally. Harry suggests they become friends, forcing him to elaborate on his previous rule about male-female friendships; they can never be friends because the sex part gets in the way. Despite Harry\'s suggestions of exceptions to that rule, they separate concluding that they will not be friends. Harry and Sally meet yet again five years later, in a New York bookstore. They have coffee together and talk about their previous relationships, which have ended. After leaving the café, they take a walk and decide to be friends. In subsequent scenes, they have late-night phone conversations, go to dinner, and spend a lot of time together. Their dating experiences with others continue to highlight their different approaches to relationships and sex. During a New Year\'s Eve party, Harry and Sally find themselves attracted to each other. Though they remain friends, they set each other up with their respective best friends, Marie  and Jess . The four go to a restaurant, where Marie and Jess hit it off; they later get engaged. One night, Sally tearfully tells Harry over the phone that her ex, Joe , is getting married to his legal assistant, and he rushes to her apartment to comfort her. They unexpectedly have sex that night, resulting in an awkward moment the next morning as Harry quickly leaves in a state of distress. This creates tension in their relationship. Their friendship cools for three weeks until the two have a heated argument during Jess and Marie\'s wedding dinner. Following this fight, Harry repeatedly attempts to mend his friendship with Sally. Then, at a New Year\'s Eve party that year, Sally feels alone without Harry by her side. Meanwhile, Harry is shown spending New Year\'s alone. As she decides to leave the party early, Harry appears and declares his love for her; they make up and kiss. The last segment in which couples discuss their relationship histories is an interview with Harry and Sally, talking about their wedding.'] ['Keri Russell plays Jenna, a waitress living in the American South, who is trapped in an unhappy marriage with the abusive Earl . She works in Joe\'s Pie Diner, where her job includes creating inventive pies with unusual titles inspired by her life, such as the "Bad Baby Pie" she invents after her unwanted pregnancy is confirmed. Jenna longs to run away from her dismal marriage, and is slowly accumulating money to do so. She pins her hopes for escape on a pie contest in a nearby town, which offers a $25,000 grand prize, but her husband won\'t let her go. Her only friends are coworkers Becky and Dawn , and Joe , the curmudgeonly owner of the diner and several other local businesses, who encourages her to begin a new life elsewhere. Jenna\'s life changes after she meets her new physician, Jim Pomatter . He has moved to the small town to accommodate his wife, who is completing her residency at the local hospital, and is filling in for the woman who has been Jenna\'s doctor since childhood. The two are attracted to each other, and over the course of several pre-natal appointments the attraction grows. After Dr. Pomatter invites her into the office under a quickly exposed pretext, she impulsively initiates a passionate  affair. Prompted by the gift of a baby journal, Jenna begins to keep a diary, ostensibly for her unborn child, with voiceovers giving the viewer access to her thoughts about that future child and her own plans. Between these entries, her relationship with Dr. Pomatter, and the thoughts she reveals as she describes the various pies she creates, the audience gets to know her evolving hopes and dreams, concerns and fears, and slowly growing attachment to the baby she at first didn\'t want. After giving birth, Jenna bonds immediately with the baby girl she names Lulu. Earl, clearly disappointed it\'s a girl and witnessing that bonding, reminds Jenna of a promise he had forced her to make earlier not to love the baby more than she does him. That comment, the proverbial straw that broke the camel\'s back, wipes away any concerns she has about her lack of money and her fear of her husband. With determined frankness she tells him bluntly she hasn\'t loved him in years, will no longer put up with his possessiveness and abuse, and wants a divorce. Later, while Becky and Dawn are helping her prepare to leave the hospital and letting her know that Joe had collapsed and died, Jenna remembers an envelope Joe had brought to her before the birth, when she finds out he had been admitted as a patient in the same hospital. In the envelope she finds a handmade card with a sketch of her, a check for $270,450, and a message of friendship that urges her to start her life anew. While leaving the hospital, Dr. Pomatter wants to have a word with her in private regarding their affair and what is to happen now. She promptly breaks it off, handing him a chocolate Moon Pie and asks her friends to wheel her out. On the way out they ask her what that was all about, to which she coolly replies that she was having an affair with him and just ended it. An epilogue depicts Jenna winning the pie contest, and becoming the new owner of the diner where she worked, now called Lulu\'s Pies, serving brightly colored pies to her customers and friends. The final shot shows her walking home hand-in-hand with the now toddler-aged Lulu .'] ['Jan Morrow  is a successful, content, self-reliant interior decorator who lives in New York City. She lives alone and claims to be quite happy, when questioned on that subject by her drunken housekeeper, Alma . Due to the state of the telephone company\'s development, she has to use a party line, which she shares with Brad Allen , a talented, creative Broadway composer and playboy. Jan and Brad, who have never met, develop a feud over the use of the party line, as Brad is constantly using the phone to chat with one young woman after another, singing to each of them an "original" love song supposedly written just for her, though he only changes the name or language he sings in. Jan and Brad bicker over the party line, with Brad suggesting that the single Jan is jealous of his popularity. One of Jan\'s clients is millionaire Jonathan Forbes , who repeatedly throws himself at her to no avail. Unknown to Jan, Jonathan is Brad\'s old college buddy and current Broadway benefactor. One evening in a nightclub, Brad finally sees Jan dancing. Attracted to her, he fakes a Texan accent and invents a new persona: Rex Stetson, wealthy Texas rancher. He succeeds in wooing Jan, and the pair begin seeing each other regularly. Jan cannot resist bragging about new beau on the phone to Brad Allen, while Brad teases Jan by showing an interest in traditionally effeminate things thereby stereotypically implying "Rex\'s" homosexuality.When Jonathan finds out what Brad has done, he forces Brad to leave New York City and go to Jonathan\'s cabin in Connecticut to complete his new songs. Brad uses the opportunity to secretly ask Jan to go away with him, and she does. Once there, romance is in the air until Jan stumbles upon a copy of Rex\'s sheet music. She plunks the melody on the nearby piano and recognizes Brad\'s song. She confronts Brad angrily and ignores his attempts at explanation, leaving with Jonathan who has arrived just in time to expose Rex as Brad and who takes her back to New York City. Once Brad returns to New York, Jonathan is pleased to learn that the mighty oak of a playboy has finally fallen in love, while conversely Jan will have nothing to do with him for deceiving her. Not ready to give up, Brad turns to Jan\'s maid, Alma, for advice, who suggests he hire Jan to decorate his apartment so they will be forced to collaborate. Jan only concedes so that her employer will not lose the account. Little does he know her employer is also in on the scheme. Still quite angry however, Jan completely redoes Brad\'s apartment in the most gaudy, ghastly, hideous decor she can muster. Horrified by what he finds, Brad angrily storms into Jan\'s apartment and carries her in her pajamas through the street back to his apartment, where he asks her how it feels to return to the scene of the crime. In his frustration he tells her of all the changes he\'s made to end his bachelor lifestyle because he thought he was getting married. Her face lights up from his admission but he\'s so angry he attempts to leave. She quickly reaches for one of the tacky remote control switches he installed to accommodate his "purposes" which immediately locks the door. She flips the second switch and the player piano pounds out a honky-tonk version of Brad\'s standard love song. He turns around in defeat, their eyes meet, each smiles, and they lovingly embrace. At the end of the film, Brad goes to tell Jonathan that he is going to be a father. During the end credits, 4 pillows appear on the screen-pink, blue, pink, and blue-signifying the children Brad and Jan have together.'] ['When schoolteacher Caroline goes on holiday at her family\'s home in Cornwall, she meets her distant mermaid relative Miranda, who looks exactly like her. She agrees to let Miranda trade places with her, while she goes on a bicycling trip with a friend. Caroline feigns an accident which leaves her confined to a wheelchair for a few weeks and gets nurse Carey to attend to Miranda. This conceals the fact that Miranda has a fish tail instead of legs. Caroline is engaged to Ronald Baker, but when he shows up, Miranda does not like him at all. She decides to make Caroline a better match. She flirts outrageously with two eligible bachelors, Jeff Saunders and Colonel Barclay Sutton, right in front of Ronald. When she discovers that Ronald works in the government sanitation department , she dumps a tureen of cold soup on his head. Meanwhile, Barbara Davenport, the colonel\'s fiancee, takes an understandable dislike to Miranda. While out swimming, she discovers Miranda\'s secret and arranges for "Caroline" to sing at a charity concert, plotting to reveal her true nature. Caroline reads about the forthcoming concert during her holiday, guesses what Barbara intends, and rushes back to take Miranda\'s place, foiling Barbara\'s scheme. Afterward, Jeff takes Caroline boating. When he tries to kiss her, she resists at first, then willingly gives in, while a somewhat sad Miranda watches.'] ['At Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris, a French beautician  on her way to a new job in Mexico accidentally meets a French chef  who has been delayed on his way to Germany from his residence in the United States. Labor strikes, bad weather, and pure luck cause the two of them to share a room overnight at the airport Hilton hotel. Their initial mutual indifference and downright hostility evolves into romance and a re-examination of their lives.'] ["College history professor Michael Burgess is about to have his fact-based historical novel about The American Revolution turned into a Hollywood motion picture being filmed in the North Carolina town where he lives. Michael's book is being converted into a steamy tale of lust and betrayal with two movie stars, the egotistical lothario Elliott James and the seemingly sweet Method actress Faith Healy. The excitement of having show-business people in town is short-lived when Michael becomes increasingly exasperated seeing his novel get mauled beyond all recognition by a low-brow scriptwriter and a condescending director. They want a Hollywood version of history, complete with rebellion against authority, violence, nudity and a total distortion of the truth. While both stars argue for more screen time, Michael must also deal with his ancient mother Cecelia and his girlfriend Gretchen. He tries to be a supportive son to Cecilia, but has to tolerate her quirks such as a belief that TV radiation neutralizes her poisoned food and that the Devil lives in her kitchen. He has been trying to persuade Gretchen to live together, but cheats behind her back when he falls for Faith, finding her to be so much like the character she is portraying in the film. Gretchen turns the tables, becoming receptive to the advances of Elliott James. The married actor is a swordsman in many ways, not only flirting with Gretchen and the Mayor's wife but humiliating Michael repeatedly in bouts of fencing. Faith turns out to not be what she seems to be, merely behaving the way she does to get into character. Michael becomes fed up with all the Hollywood tomfoolery. When a local Revolutionary War reenactor company who was supposed to participate in a scene is subject to bullying from the film's crew, Michael persuades them to get back at their tormentors and ends up sabotaging his own film. The locals cause explosions during a horribly inaccurate recreation of the Battle of Cowpens. Michael throws the arrogant director's own words back at him, that he is providing:  Rebellion against authority, by Michael and the reenactor's refusal to do as ordered in battle;  Violence, by blowing up a house before the director is ready, and  Nudity, when all the men celebrate their onscreen victory by prancing around naked. By the time the film's premiere is held in town, everything is pretty much back to normal for Michael, who comes to the premiere with Gretchen, who is pregnant. Michael can only respond with a strained look when he gets asked by a Hollywood correspondent how it feels to see history come alive."] ['The film is about an aspiring painter named Dustin who meets a woman named Christiane. Dustin is on a search for love, sex, and inspiration. When Christiane dumps him and disappears as quickly as she dropped in, Dustin embarks on an obsessive search in Southern California to find her.'] ['{{plot}} The movie begins with a Three Stooges style gag involving paintball, Slater, Zack, and Screech. The movie\'s mood is interrupted when Zack returns home and discovers that his father disapproves of Zack\'s upcoming wedding to Kelly, and thus will not fund the ceremony. Zack tells his mother Melanie that because his father won\'t support him, he will pull off some kind of wedding with the $1,200 he has. Melanie gives Zack two free passes to stay at the Stardust Hotel in Las Vegas for the time he will be there. The next day, Kelly, Slater, Screech and Lisa arrive at Zack\'s house and begin packing their cars for the trip to Las Vegas. With the girls in one vehicle and the guys in the other, Zack makes a bet with Lisa that the guys will make it there first. The girls accept the bet and that\'s when the troubles begin. Before setting out, the boys take a brief stop to look one last time at Bayside High School, where they first met as a group. As they race down a back road, the guys are pulled over by a local redneck sheriff who hates tourists. He asks them for the truck\'s registration, which Slater doesn\'t have. The sheriff then arrests them under suspicion of theft. Meanwhile, on another back road, the girls burn out their radiator after their fan belt breaks leaving them stranded in the desert. Finally, a man by the name of Kurt Martin appears walking down the road. He tells them that he was teaching school on a nearby Indian Reservation and he also is on his way to Las Vegas. He fixes the fan belt by using Lisa\'s expensive belt and replenishes the radiator with the girls drinking water. In return, he asks to be driven to Las Vegas. The girls get to Las Vegas first, and they run into Kurt again working as a bellhop at the Stardust Hotel where they are staying. Meanwhile, the boys get booked, photographed and thrown into a jail cell with a yuppy murderer, named Herb, and a biker/poet, named Ray. Finally the sheriff decides that the guys aren\'t suspects when he learns that the stolen Bronco was found and the real culprits arrested in San Diego. But thanks to Screech\'s big mouth of giving the fact that they have $1,200, the Sheriff extorts the money from Zack to let them out of the jail. In Las Vegas, the girls admire the $4 million Considine Diamond on display in the Stardust lobby. They decide to treat themselves to a manicure and the works at the hotel spa while they wait for the guys to show up. That evening, the guys finally arrive at the Stardust, and Slater eyes a pretty girl in the lobby. Lisa and Kelly see the rest of the guys and they are reunited. But Zack doesn\'t tell Kelly about losing nearly all of his money he plans to pay for the wedding. The next morning, in an attempt to earn back their money, the guys attempt to get work as caddies at a golf course. Here Slater once again runs onto the pretty girl, whose name is Carla, and she works as a cashier at the pro shop. After Screech accidentally drives the golf carts into a pond, the guys get fired and earn no money. Later that afternoon at the Stardust, the guys and girls play around in the hotel pool. Here, Slater again runs into Carla who agrees to go out with him. But two mysterious thugs oversee this. Meanwhile at the hotel\'s restaurant, Zack and Screech run into Bert Banner who overhears their money problem and offers them jobs as male escorts. At first Zack refuses, but realizing that they can earn $200 a day, he and Screech agree. The next morning, Bert trains Zack and Screech as escorts at his office, making Zack late for a meeting with a wedding coordinator which angers Kelly. Zack tells Kelly that there is nothing wrong with him and tells her that he is still willing to go through with the wedding. That evening, Screech gets his escort assignment: a heavyset, southern woman named Diana that rides around in a pink limousine. Diana picks Screech up and takes him to a formal dance club where she attempts to tango him to death. Meanwhile, Zack is forced to dine with Kelly at the Top of the Strip Restaurant at the Union Plaza Hotel while he dines at the same time with his escort: a Russian woman named Katrina. But Kelly soon figures out what\'s going on. After Kelly follows Zack to Katrina\'s table, she tells him that the wedding is off and storms out. After Zack leaves the restaurant depressed, Slater arrives at the same restaurant with Carla. Zack goes to Kelly\'s room at the Stardust, but she and Lisa won\'t let him in. Zack goes into his room next door and climbs out onto the balcony to climb over the railing to get to Kelly\'s balcony to talk to her. Back at the restaurant, Slater\'s date is interrupted when Carla\'s ex-boyfriend Freddy Silver, a mobster, arrives and yells at her for going behind his back in seeing someone else. When Slater knocks Freddy down, he and Carla are forced to run when the two thugs appear, who turn out to be Freddy\'s bodyguards. Slater and Carla run back to their room at the Stardust. But when they go out onto the balcony, they surprise Zack who slips and almost falls. In the girls room, Zack explains everything to Kelly and she forgives him. Next, Carla tells the gang that Freddy wants her and all of them dead because she knows that he\'s in town to steal the Considine Diamond. Lisa gets Kurt to help smuggle Slater and Carla out of the hotel by putting them in a luggage rack. But when they get to the hotel\'s main entrance, Screech, returning from his escort assignment, knocks over the luggage rack, exposing Slater and Carla. So Zack grabs Screech and the four of them get into Slater\'s Bronco. Freddy\'s thugs commandeer a taxi and take off after them, followed by Kelly, Lisa and Kurt in Lisa\'s BMW. A car chase ensues. Zack, Slater, Screech and Carla abandon their Bronco in a traffic jam at the end of Fremont Street and escape by hiding out in a wax museum by impersonating waxwork figures. But on the street, the four are spotted again by Freddy\'s thugs who chase them into a casino. The guys and Carla sneak into a Las Vegas dance show dressed as showgirls. But backstage, they\'re all captured by the thugs as well as Lisa, Kelly and Kurt who stumble by. The gang is taken to Freddy\'s room where they fail to talk their way to freedom. But Kurt suddenly announces that he is the son of the Stardust Hotel owner and he tells Freddy that he can get him to the diamond. Freddy still refuses to let any of them go and he forces Kurt to take them to the vault where the diamond is. Kurt opens the vault, and when Freddy and one of his thugs go in, Zack, Slater and Screech once again pull off their "Three Stooges" routine and trick the thug guarding them. They push him into the vault and the gang locks Freddy and his two thugs in it. After everything is resolved, the gang immediately goes to the nearest wedding chapel for Kelly and Zack to get married. The Silver Bells Chapel is run by Bert Banner! Just as he is about to marry them, Derek and Melanie Morris burst in. They tell them that Slater had earlier called them and convinced them to respect Zack and Kelly for what they are doing, so they have a change of heart: they now support Zack and Kelly\'s marriage. A few days later, there is a wedding held in a park near the Stardust Hotel, with Lisa being the Maid of Honor and Screech being Zack\'s best man. The wedding march begins and Kelly is escorted down the aisle by her father, Frank Kapowski. As the ceremony begins, Jessie Spano suddenly bursts in saying that she couldn\'t miss the wedding for the world, making the gang of Bayside complete. A montage shows Zack and Kelly\'s up\'s and downs from "Saved By the Bell" from 9th grade to the college years. Zack and Kelly recite their vows, the minister pronounces them man and wife. After the ceremony, Zack and Kelly are congratulated one by one by the gang as well as Mike Rogers, Alex Tabor and even Richard Belding. Kelly gets a tearful congrats from Jessie. Slater gives a toast to all assembled who include Kurt and Carla. Kelly\'s parents Frank and Carol, congratulate her and Melanie and Derek congratulate Zack. That evening, Lisa and Kurt  say goodbye to Zack and Kelly who are packing their stuff into a limo to take them on their honeymoon. Screech gives them a tearful goodbye as do Slater and Carla . Slater says: "It\'s the end of an era." Kelly throws the bouquet to Screech who catches it. Then Diana suddenly appears and chases Screech away. Zack and Kelly then take off in the limo as the screen fades to the credits.'] ["Sid  plays a short, thirtyish DJ, who finds himself playing music at Trisha's  marriage to Vivek  in Delhi. However, he witnesses her fight her sense of responsibility and duty towards her parents and the groom, and runs away. Six months later, he meets her again at a DJ competition in Mumbai, which he has just lost, yet again. Before you know it, they're in a relationship, and three years have passed. Trisha thinks she is ready for marriage, and gets down on her knee to propose to Sid. Sid suffering from the typical commitment phobia, is at a loss for a reasonable answer. In a bid to not lose her, Sid finds himself engaged. But along with the engagement comes a new set of problems - such as shopping for furniture for their home, engagement rings, and more importantly facing the father of the bride! The father has more than one problem with Sid. He doesn't have a future, he earns a lot less than Trisha, and he doesn't seem responsible enough. Over an altercation Sid has with Trisha's father, the couple break up. Vivek, Trisha's ex-husband-to-be, is waiting in the wings, to help her broken heart mend. Sid on the other hand, finds himself being wooed by item girl, Tanya , star of the 'Baby Girl vol. 3' video. After a few amusing run-ins, an attempt to be just-friends, and a sad-song , Sid, finally realises, thanks to his mother, that his commitment phobia is the result of a childhood scar. His father abandoned Sid and his mother, when Sid was very young. His mother reassures him, that he is nothing like his father, and would make a great husband. But it's too late, Trisha has already agreed to marry Vivek. This leads him to Trisha's dear friend Anjali , who reminds him of Dracula because she always attacks him, for making Trisha unhappy. She helps him crash Trisha's wedding party. The climax builds up, as Sid's job involves not just convincing Trisha that his hang-ups have abated, but also avoid a deadly confrontation with Trisha's father."] ["{{All plot}} TiMER is a corporation specializing in a unique matchmaking device. For a nominal monthly fee, the company can equip anyone with a countdown timer that counts down to the point that the customer is brought into contact with his or her soul mate. The night before meeting a soul mate, the TiMER reaches zero, and will begin to beep when the soul mates meet the following day. After more than fifteen years of operation, the company has a 98% approval rating. Oona , an orthodontist, has a blank timer, meaning her soulmate has not been equipped with one. In an attempt to search for her soulmate, Oona brings her latest timerless boyfriend to TiMER in the hope that they will get a matching beep, but, as before, their timers do not match and they separate. Oona begins to express doubt in the effectiveness of the TiMER due to the influence of her roommate and stepsister, Steph, who will not meet her soul mate until she is 43. Steph enjoys her situation by sleeping with men who's timers are about to expire and are looking for a last random encounter before they meet their soul mate. Oona is unwilling to give up on finding her perfect mate, however, she wavers because of a grocery clerk Mikey , who encourages her to live in the present rather than stress about the future. Mikey only has a few months left before he'll meet his soulmate, making their relationship complicated and Oona cautious. Oona discovers there is room for living before meeting her soul mate, but she cannot fully suppress her reluctance. Steph, who works at a retirement home, meets Dan who is there to see his grandfather. They start to form a relationship. Dan doesn't have a TiMER. Meanwhile, Oona discovers that Mikey's TiMER was a fake and they have a fight, they end up making up later, however. With Steph and Oona both happy with the men they have met. They both decide to have their TiMERs removed claiming that it no longer matters what they say. Steph goes first to have hers removed and just as Oona's is about to be removed, her countdown finally starts . Steph encourages her to just remove it anyways but Oona, having waited for this moment for 16 years, decides to keep it on. The next day, it is Oona and Steph's birthday party. Both Dan and Mikey had shown up to surprise them. Steph arrives first and Oona later, since they are still fighting. As Oona arrives, she walks directly toward her sister who is with Dan, she makes eye contact with Dan and their TiMERs both start beeping. Mikey and Steph both make an exit. Oona chases after Mikey but he is gone, and when she talks to Dan and Steph, Steph is furious. Steph later forgives Oona and Oona goes over to Mikey's, telling him she had her TiMER removed and that it didn't matter. Mikey and Oona both know this is untrue and they say goodbye. The next morning Oona is doing her daily run when she sees Dan there practicing with his relay team. There is an implied love connection beginning to blossom between them."] ["Sam Bell  and wife Lucy  are a married couple struggling for a baby, having tried everything they can think of to improve their chances of conceiving. At the same time, Sam begins to find his job  increasingly unfulfilling. While he resolves to write his own screenplay, he begins to suffer writer's block. The idea dawns upon him to write about his own predicament, something to which Lucy objects strongly. He uses her diary entries to help him achieve authenticity, and the film is a success. Lucy finds out about the film and, shocked, leaves Sam. Eventually they reconcile and at the end of the story are still trying for a baby. This is the second time Hugh Laurie and Joely Richardson have starred in a movie together. The first time was in 101 Dalmatians ."] ["The film opens with two couples visiting their GP for childlessness. Stevie is married to Sonny, an Italian footballer who plays for Newcastle United, but who has succumbed to frequent injury. He is desperate for a child, and it soon emerges that Stevie has not really been trying. She is reluctant to become pregnant as she doesn't want to get fat. Jenny and Neil are trying to adopt, as Neil is infertile. Being childless has turned Jenny into something of a monster, and Neil now views her with dislike. He wants to break with her but is too kind- hearted. He goes ahead with the plan to adopt to keep her happy. When Stevie meets Neil on the day he comes to deliver her brand new kitchen, it's already too late for love at first sight. Too late for both of them. Stevie is already five minutes pregnant by her Italian footballer husband. And too late for Neil too - his wife Jenny has already applied to adopt an African girl. But too late or otherwise, love at first sight is exactly what happens. How can Neil and Stevie get out of their mistaken marriages and into each others arms?"] ['In the prologue, a young Max Skinner spends his childhood summer holidays learning to appreciate the finer things in life at his Uncle Henry\'s vineyard estate in Provence in southeastern France. Some 25 years later, Max is an unethical, aggressive, hard-working London-based investment trader. Following his uncle\'s death, Max is the sole beneficiary of the French property. He travels to Provence to prepare a quick sale. Shortly after arriving he knocks a local cafe owner, named Fanny Chenal, off her bicycle as a result of his careless driving. Subsequently, he discovers that his latest City financial stunt has landed him in hot water with the UK government and with his firm\'s directors, necessitating his return to London. To assist in his planned sale of the property, Max hurriedly snaps some photos and in the process falls into an empty swimming pool. He is unable to escape until Fanny Chenal, driving by and spotting his rental car, appears and turns on the water supply in retaliation. This delay causes Max to miss his flight and having failed to report to the directors in person, he is suspended from work and trading activities for one week. On Henry\'s estate, Max must deal with a gruff, dedicated winemaker, Francis Duflot, who fears being separated from his precious vines. Duflot pays a vineyard inspector to tell Max that the soil is bad and the vines worthless. In the meantime, they are surprised by the unexpected arrival of young Napa Valley oenophile Christie Roberts, who is backpacking through Europe and claims to be Henry\'s previously unknown illegitimate daughter. Max is concerned that she might lay claim to the estate. Worried about being usurped by Kenny, his second-in-command in London , Max intentionally gives the ambitious young trader bad advice, which gets him fired. Max becomes enamored with the beautiful, feisty café owner Fanny, who is rumored to have sworn off men. He successfully woos Fanny into his bed, where she leaves Max the next morning expecting him to return to his life in London. A disillusioned Christie also decides to move on and the estate is sold. Max returns to his life in London where Sir Nigel, the company chairman, offers Max a choice: "Money or your life." He must either choose a discharge settlement, which includes "a lot of zeros," or accept the offer of a partnership in the trading firm, where he would then be "made for life". Max chooses the money. He then cleverly invalidates the estate\'s contract of sale by forging a letter from Henry  confirming that Christie is his daughter and also has a valid claim on the property. He puts his London residence up for sale and returns to Provence, entering into a relationship with Fanny. Christie also returns and she and Francis now jointly have to run the vineyard while trying to reconcile their vastly different philosophies of wine production. Meanwhile Max is now able to focus his entire attention on Fanny.'] ["Unni ([[Dileep  has many debts and no way to repay them. He decides to commit suicide so that his parents can use the insurance money to repay the debts, but he is saved by a fisherman named Gangadharan  and his employee Ramanan . When they notice Unni drowning, Unni pretends to be deaf and mute so that they will not understand the truth. Gangadharan has a debt of his own, to a Punjabi family of money lenders who have settled in Kerala. He asks Unni and Ramanan to work at their home until he can repay it. There Unni meets a Punjabi girl named Pooja (Mohini, who is partially deaf and completely mute. They fall in love and decide to get married. Unni's family finds out that he is not dead and they come to see him with his old girlfriend Sujatha , who allows Unni to marry Pooja."] ['Five years after the first film, Crown Princess of Genovia Amelia "Mia" Thermopolis  has just graduated from Princeton University\'s Woodrow Wilson School and is returning to Genovia with her bodyguard Joe  and beloved cat Fat Louie. There, she will await her reign once her grandmother, Queen Clarisse , abdicates from the throne. During Mia\'s 21st birthday party, she dances with all the eligible bachelors in hope of seeking a husband. She happens to meet a handsome young gentleman  by accidentally stepping on his foot. After saving her from a dysfunctional dance, the charming man introduces himself as Nicholas. During the course of the night, Mia\'s tiara falls off and is caught by Parliament member Viscount Mabrey  who secretly plans to steal Mia\'s crown. The next morning while Parliament is in-session, Mia explores the castle. She stumbles upon a hidden room that allows her to secretly listen in on Parliament\'s session. Viscount Mabrey reveals that his nephew, Lord Devereaux, is another heir to the Genovian throne. Despite Queen Clarisse\'s objection, the only way Mia can assume her duties as Queen is if she marries within the next 30 days. Clarisse invites Lord Deveraux to stay at the palace, stating that if any mischief goes on she will want to know about it. Mia is shocked to discover Nicholas is the man with whom she flirted with at the ball. Enraged, she stomps on his foot, this time on purpose. Clarisse confronts Mia demanding an explanation for her behavior and she confesses her and Nicholas\' history. Clarisse says that as her Queen, she cannot condone Mia\'s behavior, but as her grandmother she completely agrees. Mia\'s best friend Lilly Moscovitz  surprises her and comes to Genovia. Together, they pick through all potential husbands, including  Prince William. Mia eventually chooses Andrew Jacoby , Duke of Kenilworth and days later they are engaged. Mabrey plans to dissolve the engagement by instructing Nicholas to pursue a romance with Mia, which he willingly does. For a ceremony, Mia is to ride sidesaddle but does not know how. Queen Clarisse puts this worry to rest by presenting a wooden leg decoy to make her seem she is riding sidesaddle. Mabrey spooks Mia\'s horse with a rubber snake and Joe rushes to Mia\'s aide, but accidentally tears off the leg which lands on the ground. Humiliated, Mia flees to the stables, where Nicholas finds her and tries to comfort her, which Mia misconstrues as an insult. Later, at a garden party, Mia and Nicholas quarrel about Mia\'s relationship with Andrew. Nicholas tricks Mia into admitting that she is not in love with him. Angered, she follows him to argue but instead gets bombarded by a kiss. At first, she kisses back but then backs away. Nicholas pursues her even more, which causes both of them to fall into a fountain. Queen Clarisse finally tells the soaked Mia that her behaviour with Nicholas needs to stop. During the Genovian Independence Day parade, Mia sees some boys picking on a little girl. She abruptly halts the parade, and goes to comfort the girl, while the boys who run off. Learning that the children are orphans, Mia has a vendor give them all tiaras and lets them walk with her in the parade. Everyone, especially Nicholas, is impressed by her act of generosity, while Mabrey is disgusted at what he sees as a political maneouver. Mia later decides to build a temporary children\'s centre at one of the royal palaces with the help of Parliament member Lord Crawley  and his architect twin brother, Dean . That night, Mia has her bridal sleepover party, where Queen Clarisse surfs on a mattress and sings a duet with Princess Asana , one of Mia\'s good friends. Nicholas begins to have second thoughts on sabotaging Mia in order to become King. Mabrey realizes that Nicholas has fallen in love with her, but Nicholas says that Mia will never have feelings for him. Mabrey claims to only want Nicholas\' happiness. Nicholas comes upon Mia as she is practising her archery as part of her coronation rites. He helps her succeed in getting the arrow to hit the target, something she had been struggling with. Nicholas then informs Mia that he is leaving, but asks to see her just one more time before he goes. She declines, saying she is under close guard. That night, Nicholas appears outside Mia\'s window and asks her to come down. Lilly encourages her to go, and Mia climbs down the vine. They ride out to a lake where they share secrets, dance and eventually fall asleep in each other\'s arms. The next morning, they awaken to a find a man in a boat videotaping them. Mia thinks Nicholas set her up and angrily storms off. By the time she gets back to the palace, their scandalous footage is broadcast on Genovian breakfast television. Andrew is disappointed but tells Mia he still thinks their marriage could work. Hopefully, he kisses Mia and asks her if she felt anything to the kiss which she says no. They realize they do not love each other, but do not call off the wedding because Andrew said he would marry Mia and that a gentleman never breaks his promise. The wedding is to take place the following day, and Mia\'s mother Helen  comes with her new husband Patrick  and their newborn son Trevor. Paulo  arrives promptly to do Mia\'s hair. Right before leaving for the wedding, Nicholas debates on whether he should attend, and Mabrey ends up leaving without him. Their surly housekeeper Gretchen, informs Nicholas that it was Mabrey who engineered their televised scandal. Nicholas rushes to the church, first on his grandfather\'s old penny-farthing bicycle before getting a horse from a local farmer. Moments before the wedding, Joe informs Mia that Nicholas did not set her up. As she walks down the aisle, Mia finds it difficult to go through with the marriage and rushes outside to catch her breath. Queen Clarisse follows and encourages her to not make the same mistake she made about giving up on true love. Mia reenters the church to break it off with a relieved Andrew and she addresses the attending members of Parliament. Mabrey stands up and, citing the nation\'s law, once again suggests that Nicholas be named monarch, only to be interrupted by Nicholas saying he refuses the crown. Mia proposes that the law on royal marriages be abolished, and Parliament unanimously gives its assent. Mia tells her grandmother to have her own happy ending. Joe says that since the guests came to see someone get married, he proposes to Clarisse, and they are promptly married by the Archbishop. About a week later, Mia is preparing for her coronation when Nicholas shows up. He professes his love for Mia on bended knee, and they kiss. The next day, Mia is crowned "Amelia Migonette Thermopolis Renaldi, Queen of Genovia", with all in attendance in the royal palace. An epilogue shows that Genovian Parliament now allows female members, one of which is Charlotte. Queen Mia officially opens the children\'s home as she had planned to.'] ['David Niven plays a globe-trotting author and photographer on assignment from LIFE magazine to do a photo story on best-selling author of the title book, "The Lady Says \'No\'," Joan Caulfield. Rather than finding a dour spinster, as he expects, she is a young, attractive blonde, who finds her published theories against love and men set on their head. The unbidden thoughts and impulses even invade her subconscious, in a fascinating dream sequence. It is a battle of the sexes, and the Id and Ego, as the two clash. He tries to show her that her book is "all rot"; while she tries to prove her theories that love is just an autonomic function, which isn\'t really worth it. They find that they all have a lot to learn, and forgive. It looks like sometimes the answer is "no", and sometimes "yes". Mayhem follows, when her errant Uncle returns, and they get pulled into the lives of the colorful local characters. It all ends in a barroom brawl, with the police, army, and General trying to restore order.  The New York Times critic agreed with David Niven\'s "trenchant observation [in the film], \'This went out with silent pictures!\' Yes, indeed."http://movies.nytimes.com/movie/review?res=9801E4DA1F3BE23BBC4F53DFB7668389649EDE But, it\'s still fun. Among supporting roles are James Robertson Justice as her errant Irish uncle, Henry Jones as a charming army sergeant, and Lenore Lonergan as his wife, caught up in all the confusion.'] ['The Earl and Countess of Rhyall  are facing financial troubles and are therefore forced to permit guided tours of their stately home. A suave, somewhat obnoxious American oil tycoon, Charles Delacro , barges into the lady of the manor\'s private quarters, either deliberately or by mistake. He introduces himself, explaining the family name was originally "Delacroix" but his grandfather tired of Americans pronouncing the "X" in the name. Delacro\'s attentions to the Countess turn her head. Rather than behave jealously, the Earl invites the American to come visit, along with an equally grating ex-girlfriend of Lord Rhyall\'s, the American heiress Hattie Durant . A love triangle  soon develops, kicking off a tale of love, jealousy and other strong emotions that eventually leads the gentlemen to a duel with pistols.'] ['During the Christmas holiday season. Greenwich Village witch Gillian Holroyd , a free spirit with a penchant for going barefoot, has been unlucky in love and restless in life. She admires from afar her neighbor, publisher Shep Henderson , who one day walks into her gallery of primitive art to use the telephone. When she learns he is about to marry an old college enemy of hers, Merle Kittridge , she takes revenge by casting a love spell on him while falling for him herself. She must eventually make a stark choice, as witches who fall in love lose their supernatural powers. Gillian\'s cat and familiar, Pyewacket, becomes agitated and leaves her when she decides in Shep\'s favor. Sidney Redlitch , the author of the best-selling book Magic in Mexico, arrives in Shep\'s office  after Gillian discovers Shep\'s interest in meeting him. Redlitch is researching a book on witches in New York, and acquires an "inside" collaborator when Gillian\'s warlock brother Nicky  volunteers his services in exchange for a portion of the proceeds. Gillian uses her magic to make Shep lose interest in Nicky and Redlitch\'s book and then confesses her identity as a witch to Shep. He becomes angry, believing that she enchanted him just to spite Merle, and the two quarrel. Gillian threatens to cast various spells on Merle , but finds that she has lost her powers because of her love for Shep. Meanwhile, he finds that he literally cannot leave Gillian, because of the spell. To escape, he turns to another witch, Bianca de Passe , who breaks the spell. Shep confronts Gillian and leaves her heartbroken. He then tries unsuccessfully to explain to Merle that Gillian is a witch. Months later, Shep returns and discovers that Gillian has lost her magic powers because of her love for him. The two are reconciled.'] ['"Seven Oaks is an East Coast college with beautiful Greek Revival architecture and a boorish male student population. Decades after coeducation\'s arrival the male atmosphere still prevails. A dynamic trio of girls -- group leader Violet Wister , principled Rose  and sexy Heather  -- decide to change all that, setting out to rescue their fellow students from depression, grunge and low standards of every kind. At New Student Orientation the trio spots lost-looking Lily  and takes her under wing. Meanwhile the girls become romantically entangled with a series of men -- including slick Charlie , dreamboat Xavier  and the mad frat pack of Frank ([[Ryan Metcalf  and Thor  -- who threaten their friendship and sanity." Quote provided by the Sony Pictures website.'] ['{{Plot}} Ellen McNulty  is forced to sell her hamburger stand, so she decides to visit her son Val , who lives in another city. Val has recently married a socialite, Maggie . To help her out, her husband hires a maid and promises to send her over right away. In the meantime, Ellen arrives. Maggie, her daughter-in-law, mistakes her for the maid. Ellen begins to tell Maggie who she really is, but she is worried that saying anything might cause Maggie embarrassment, so she doesn\'t reveal who she is and decides to pretend to be a maid. The next morning Ellen arrives with her things. She wakes Maggie up and when she realizes that her son didn\'t explain everything yet, she keeps pretending to be a maid. She tells him that she will only be underfoot if she lives in the house as a mother-in-law. She eventually talks him into the idea but he doesn\'t like it very much. Maggie\'s mother  decides to come for a visit and she is nothing like Maggie. She is a snob and she doesn\'t like Val one bit. While helping Mr. Kalinger , Ellen realizes that his son, Kalinger Jr. , is taking credit for work actually done by Val and tells Mr. Kalinger the truth. Mr. Kalinger then invites Val and Maggie to the party. At the party, Maggie gets into an argument with an important female guest  after the woman insults her, and Maggie storms out. Val, realizing that this woman carries a lot of influence, forces Maggie to call the party to apologize to the woman. She does so unwillingly, leading to another fight. The next morning, Val and Maggie make up and steal away in a closet for a kiss. Ellen\'s friends are at the door and ask to speak to "Mrs. McNulty". At this point it is revealed that Ellen is Val\'s mother. Maggie is furious with Val for hiding his mother\'s identity from her. She and her mother leave for a hotel. Maggie later confronts Val at his office. Val tries to explain himself but Maggie won\'t listen. She tells him that he has become a snob and that she is moving to Mexico. Mr. Kalinger decides to get Val and Maggie together. He convinces Maggie to come to the hotel bar with him for a good-bye drink, knowing that Val will be there for a party. When Maggie sees Val, she again scolds him for trying to hide his mother and leaves the bar. Val leaves the party and rushes to retrieve his mother. He brings her back to the party and begins introducing her to the \'snobs\'. Maggie, who has come back to the bar, witnesses Val introducing his mother to the woman who had insulted her at the earlier party. Ellen tells Maggie\'s mother that it is time for both of them to leave the apartment. Ellen lands on her feet, however, as Mr. Kalinger decides to marry her.'] ['Christopher and Leslie are a couple in their mid to late 20s who have no-strings-attached sex on a regular basis where, after another get-together, debate and argue over the meaning of it as the immature Christopher sees all women as sex objects while Leslie is troubled that Christopher cannot express his love for her or anyone. Freddy and Jay are a pair of college guys who, after having sex, argue over Jay refusing to admit that he is gay until Freddy tells him about his teenage years of hiding his homosexuality out of fear of being shunned and tells Jay that even if he cannot be honest with others about his sexual orientation, he has to be honest with himself. Kristy and Sam are a teenage couple both of whom have just had sex for the first time in Kristy\'s bedroom and after some small talk, Sam has to hide when Kristy\'s mother, Janet, shows up for a talk about sex with Kristy. Nikki and Kat are two college roommates who are in a sexual relationship where Nikki allows Kat to perform oral sex on her, but insists that she is not a lesbian, while Kat, after denying that she is, admits it, but is comfortable with hiding the fact of her sexual orientation. Trudy and Gene are a middle-aged, inter-racial couple who have sex in a nature park and, during the walk back, talk about how they first met at an orgy during the "sexual revolution" of the 1970s and about their children who seem not to understand their active sexual lifestyle. Neil and Bob are a 30-something gay couple who have sex in Neil\'s apartment and then drive over to Bob\'s house where they discuss their roles in their relationship and who is the dominate one since they both have different backgrounds and careers; Neil is the lead singer in a punk band and Bob is a high school football coach. David and Jordi are an ex-couple who have met at a cheap motel for sex where David defends his infidelity and womanizing as the person that he is, while Jordi is a troubled woman who cannot seem to let go of her ex, despite her knowledge of his unapologetic cheating. Marco and Alanna are two strangers who have sex after meeting at a nightclub where afterwords they arrive in Marco\'s loft where they learn more about each other, but Marco is soon disturbed about the dull-witted Alanna\'s admission of being a high-priced escort and of her love for sex with strangers for money.'] ["Emilio is a normal teenager who somehow finds himself being sent to the principal's office every other week. He has a crush on Jacklynne, the most popular girl in school, so he decides to run for Student Council President in order to impress her. After announcing his candidacy, Emilio discovers, to his horror, that Jacklynne herself will be running for office against him. Emotions fly high as campaign fever intensifies. Not wanting to lose his chance to win her heart, Emilio devises a risky plan that could come to a disastrous end if the tyrannous school principal gets wind of his scheme."] ['Ellen Garfield refuses to marry fellow reporter Curt Devlin until he admits she is as good at her craft as any man. The two work for rival newspapers, and their ongoing efforts to better each other eventually leads to Ellen getting fired when Curt tricks her into misreporting the verdict of a murder trial. The tables are turned when she scoops him by getting the real perpetrator, Inez Cordoza, to confess to the crime. Forced to admit Ellen is a good reporter, he finally wins her hand.'] ['The Bad Mother’s Handbook depicts the story of one year in the lives of three women. In this television adaptation of Kate Long’s best selling novel, Catherine Tate plays Karen, who is a frustrated woman in her thirties whose whole life and identity are shattered when she discovers a long-kept secret. Holly Grainger plays Karen’s clever and hormonal teenage daughter Charlotte, while Anne Reid appears as Karen’s mother, Nan, who is suffering from Alzheimer’s. Robert Pattinson is also a supporting character as lovable yet nerdy, Daniel Gale. The movie presents an insight into the life of motherhood and childhood, dwelling on the themes that no two mothers are alike, but that ultimately love is the most important thing of all. All of this talks about true events that sometimes happens in the world.'] ['Owen Peadman  is a Minnesota bartender who arrives in Los Angeles to try to help his father raise money to save his small restaurant. Owen moves in with his gay uncle Earl  and tries to integrate himself into the high society of Hollywood, where he has a chance run-in with a wealthy socialite named Lisa Mancini  and her uptight actor boyfriend Hayden Field . Owen, using a little influence and blackmail, gets a taste of the scandalous lifestyles of the Hollywood upper crust while dealing with his growing romantic feelings for Lisa.'] ['The film is set in 1942 California, in and around Mendocino. Penn plays Henry \'Hopper\' Nash, a small town boy who has been drafted into the U.S. Marine Corps and is about to be shipped overseas. He is close friends with Nicky , who is also about to be deployed. They have approximately six weeks before shipping out; the film portrays their remaining time as civilians. Henry  and Nicky  work together at the bowling alley setting pins, buffing lanes, and working the front counter. Henry sees Caddie Winger  at the movie theatre taking tickets. He is immediately smitten and conspires with a younger boy to give her flowers. Caddie comes to the soda shop where Henry and Nicky are hanging out. Henry jumps over the counter and pretends that he is working. He follows Caddie to her home and discovers that she lives in an elaborate mansion. He assumes that she is a "Gatsby girl" and is therefore rich. As it turns out, Caddie lives there because her mother is a maid. Later, Henry sees Caddie working at the library. He attempts to get her name but she rebuffs him. At the soda shop, Caddie sets Henry up with one of her friends. Henry meets the others at the skating rink and pretends that he knows how to skate. He ends up crashing but in doing so is able to steal some time with Caddie. She agrees to go on a date with Henry and the two quickly become an item. Meanwhile, Nicky\'s girlfriend, Sally Kaiser , is pregnant with his child. He attempts to get $150 from Henry for an abortion. Henry asks Caddie whom he assumes can easily afford it. Caddie, in an effort to avoid letting Henry down, attempts to steal a pearl necklace from Alice, a young woman who lives at the house that Caddie is staying at. She is caught and confesses the reason she needs the necklace. She ends up borrowing the money from Alice. Sally has the abortion and Henry berates Nicky for not being there for his girlfriend. This causes a brief rift that is mended when each realizes that they need each other in order to handle the difficult transition they are about to make. Trains play a major role in the film. It opens with a shot of Henry walking along a train track and a train rushing by. Nicky and Henry have a long history of racing trains by diving away off the tracks at the last minute. They would then run after the train and jump on the side rails and ride it. The film closes at the boys prepare to get on the train taking them away to the war. They wait for the train to go by before racing after it and jumping on.'] ["Salvatore  and Romolo  are two young and poor young men that are neighbours and friends. They live with their parents in Piazza Navona, Rome. They are poor but handsome, and both fall in love with Giovanna . After having briefly flirted in quick succession with both friends  Giovanna realizes she's still in love with Ugo, her previous boyfriend, and returns with him. Salvatore and Romolo, their friendship recovered, ultimately get simultaneously engaged with each other's sister."] ["The story revolves around two men in Victorian England, John  Worthing  and Algernon  Moncrieff . Whenever Jack travels to London from his Hertfordshire estate, he says he is going to see his  wayward brother Ernest. Once in London he keeps his privacy by calling himself Ernest. This tactic is especially important as his beloved, Gwendolen , declares that she could love only a man named Ernest. Her cousin, Algy, is the one person who knows Jack's secret and one day he travels down to the estate, announcing himself to Jack's attractive ward, Cecily , as the infamous Ernest. Cecily is enamoured of him and his name, but upon Jack's return home and Gwendolen's unexpected arrival it becomes clear there are both too many and too few Ernests."] ['A college campus springs to life when the local radio station announces the official opening of the step competition season. As the fraternities and sororities work to recruit the best talent, the heat is on to win big prize money and campus bragging rights.'] ['Zack Siler  — soccer star, class president, honor student — is the big man on campus at his Southern Californian high school. His popular girlfriend, Taylor Vaughan , ditches him for a faded reality TV star from The Real World, Brock Hudson , whom she met on spring break in Florida. Although bitter over the break-up, Zack consoles himself by claiming that Taylor is replaceable by any girl from the school. Zack\'s friend, Dean Sampson, Jr. , disagrees and challenges him to a bet on whether Zack can turn any random girl into the Prom Queen within six weeks. While walking around the school, Dean picks out Laney Boggs , a "dorky", solitudinous, unpopular art student, as his choice for Zack. Zack starts to approach and attempt to befriend Laney in the hope of subsequently transforming her into prom queen material. His first encounter with her is a complete failure, when she pointedly ignores his advance and walks off on him. With help from Laney\'s friend Jesse Jackson , Zack is eventually successful in getting Laney to take him to a theater lounge that is frequented by artists and performers. Intended to deter him, Laney arranges for Zack to be called onto the stage and perform, out of his surprise. However, Zack manages to improvise a show with the Hacky Sack he happens to carry in his pocket. Laney is impressed by the performance, but rejects him again after he attempts to charm her. Zack continues to try approaching her by becoming friends with her brother Simon  and, in an attempt to stop this, Laney agrees to go to the beach together with him for once. He then successfully persuades her to attend a party at Preston\'s  house the same night, by making the JV soccer team help clean her house and employing his sister Mac  to give her a makeover, transforming the ugly duckling into a stunning beauty. Laney\'s attendance to Preston\'s party results in a humiliation by Taylor, but she is consoled by Zack, who has now developed a true affection towards her. As a result of her new appearance and Zack\'s interest, Laney is nominated for Prom Queen and begins an uneasy battle with Taylor for the crown. In the meantime, Dean begins to show an interest in Laney as her popularity begins to soar and Zack\'s victory becomes more imminent, and tries to invite Laney as his prom partner in an attempt to ruin Zack\'s attempt to boost Laney\'s winning chance with his own popularity. After falling out with Zack, Dean deliberately tells Laney about the bet and she forces a confession out of Zack in public. Feeling objectified and betrayed, Laney refuses to see Zack again. Unable to reconcile with Laney, Zack ends up attending the prom with his sister, while Taylor arrives alone thinking that Zack is still interested in her. On prom night, a disheartened Laney reluctantly dresses up after persuasion by her father Wayne  and goes to the dance with Dean when he shows up at her house in a tuxedo to invite her as his prom date. At the prom, after an in-depth dance scene presided over by the school\'s resident DJ ([[Usher , Mac meets Jesse and they become friends. Drunk, Dean boasts to Preston and others in the bathroom that he is succeeding in seducing Laney and has hired a hotel room with intention of having sex with her. Jesse overhears this and warns Mac and Zack. Taylor is then crowned Prom Queen with just over half the votes; she begins a long moaning speech which is interrupted by her microphone being turned off by a teacher. Laney leaves the prom with Dean, while Zack attempts to intervene but loses track of them. When Laney returns to her house, Zack is there waiting for her. Laney explains how she fought off Dean\'s advances by deafening him with her rape alarm. Zack confesses his true feelings to Laney, and asks for forgiveness as well as the chance to further their relationship, which she grants. Laney tells Zack that she is considering art school after graduation, and Zack jokingly tells her that she has inspired him to pursue a career in performance art. After their first dance and kiss, Laney asks Zack about his bet with Dean , and Zack claims that he would gracefully honor the terms. At the graduation ceremony, the terms of the bet are revealed — Zack must appear nude on stage if he lost. After his name is called, Zack heads to the stage naked, carrying only a soccer ball to cover himself, but then throws the ball to Laney.'] ["Corie , a free spirited young woman, and Paul Bratter , a more conservative, less free-spirited man, are a recently married couple, who move into a fifth floor apartment in Greenwich Village . Corie decorates the small, leaky apartment, turning it into a picturesque little home for the two. One of the many odd people living in the apartment building, the quirky Victor Velasco , befriends Corie, often even flirting with her. He lives in the attic of the building, once even climbing through the Bratters' apartment window to get to his. Victor helps Corie with the apartment, teaching her how to work the seemingly broken heating and plumbing. Corie sets up a dinner date with herself, Paul, their new friend and neighbor Victor, and Corie's mother, Ethel Banks  in a scheme to get Corie's mother to fall for Victor; Corie feels that her mother is lonely now that she lives alone and needs love. Victor takes them all to an Albanian restaurant on Staten Island where he knows the owner. There, the group drinks, and Corie and Victor get up to dance with the belly dancer, while Paul and Ethel watch in embarrassment and awe. Afterwards, Corie and Victor return to the apartment in high energy as Paul and Ethel drag themselves with fatigue. As Victor escorts Ethel outside, Corie and Paul begin an argument over their differences. Corie feels her adventurous spirit is not equal to Paul's cautious demeanor. One of the examples she gives is that he would not go barefoot in the park with her one evening. His excuse was that it was freezing. Corie says she will kick Paul out and get a big dog to protect her from him. Paul says maybe it will finally allow her to have someone who will go barefoot in the park with her. They eventually go to sleep, Corie in their tiny bedroom and Paul sleeping on the couch under a hole in the skylight on a snowy February night. The next day, Paul comes home with a fever, but Corie still insists she wants a divorce. The two spend an awkward time together in their apartment before Corie kicks Paul out. She then gets a call from her aunt, saying that Ethel did not come home. Scared, Corie begins to panic, but eventually finds out that her mother was at Victor's apartment. Apparently, while Victor was escorting her to her home in New Jersey the night prior, Ethel slipped on some ice, and Victor took her back to his apartment where they spent the night. Strangely, Ethel was wearing nothing but her undergarments and Victor's Japanese kimono. Fearing for what seemed obvious, it turned out that Victor had Ethel's dress drycleaned. Meanwhile, drunk, Paul skips work and sits in Washington Square Park. With her mother's advice, Corie goes out searching for Paul and finds him, drunk and running shoeless and barefoot through the park. The once cautious Paul is now a fun loving drunk while cautious Corie chases after him in order to get him to sober up. Eventually, Paul says it's his apartment too and he's going back home. Corie follows. Back at the apartment, Paul, still fairly drunk, climbs onto the roof of the apartment. Scared he might fall, Corie begs him to come down while speaking to him through the hole in the glass ceiling. He says he will only come down if she repeats after him. He wants her to admit that her husband is a crazy drunk, when a few nights before she scolded him for being so cautious and practical even when he is drunk. Meanwhile, realizing where he is, Paul becomes scared after almost falling off the building. Corie tries to climb up onto the roof to help him down but Paul does not want her to leave him. Corie asks Paul to sing an Albanian folk song they had heard at the restaurant that Victor has taken them to. While he sings, Corie climbs up to the roof to help him down. A crowd of onlookers starts to gather in the street, watching along, including Corie's mother, Ethel, and her new love, Victor. When Corie reaches Paul, they kiss and climb back down as the crowd cheers on."] ['A Los Angeles pool cleaner accustomed to living a womanizing lifestyle runs into a challenge when he meets a wealthy, attractive new love interest.'] ['Rome, March 2003. Attilio de Giovanni , a comical but talented literature professor and the divorced father of two teenage girls, is hopelessly in love with Vittoria , a writer who is the subject of a recurring dream, featuring a surreal wedding ceremony with poetry verses in the background. Attilio\'s strenuous courtship is unsuccessful, yet he does not lose hope, despite the fact that Vittoria obviously does not share the same feelings. Vittoria leaves to go to Iraq to write the biography of the poet Fuad , a close friend of Attilio who is returning to his country after 18 years in exile in France. Vittoria is wounded during the Iraq War and Attilio manages to reach Baghdad with the intention of saving her life. He finds Vittoria in an Iraqi hospital lying in a coma; like thousands of Iraqis, she is in danger of dying from lack of medicine. Fuad directs Attilio to an old Iraqi pharmacist, who suggests ancient treatments that keep her alive. Attilio locates scuba gear  and even "a weapon of mass destruction" . Attilio then runs the risk of going to the Italian Red Cross HQ in Iraq, obtains medical supplies by posing as a doctor, then brings medicines back to Baghdad. The medical supplies enable Vittoria to make a complete recovery, but when Attilio goes to Fuad\'s house to tell him about this triumph over adversity, he finds that Fuad has hanged himself. Fuad had earlier had a short soliloquy on how "his eyes no longer...", but Attilio had not picked up on because he was frantically trying to make the glycerine mixture to save Vittoria. Just before Vittoria emerges from her coma, Attilio is captured by the U.S. Military and is mistaken for an Iraqi insurgent. In the final scenes it is revealed that Vittoria is Attilio\'s wife. They are obviously separated in this story, perhaps because of his tumultuous over-abundant energy and insane diversions, . Several times we see Attilio in awkward visits to Vittoria and their children, and obviously he is still hopelessly in love.  In the final scene of the film, even though Attilio won\'t admit that he is the "wonderful stranger who saved her", Vittoria suddenly recognizes his familiar way of brushing her cheek in the same manner that "the stranger" had touched her when she was lying unconscious in the hospital, and the way her necklace  dangling from his neck touches her face.'] ['It depicts two people, played by Karen Sillas and Tom Noonan, on a first date; their conversation gradually reveals their lonely lives and hidden personalities.'] ["Leila  and Charli  go to Rome for a summer job with four other people. After a few minor accidents, the twins are fired. Both girls are shocked, and so are the other interns. The sisters soon meet Derek Hammond, the owner of the fashion company. He re-hires them and the girls and Jamie stay at Hammond's for a few days. There, Leila meets a bad boy from New York named Ryan . The two soon bond and start to develop feelings for each other while Ryan comes out and tries to kiss her good night. Leila does not respond the same and she pushes him away. It is very clear that she likes him too, but she might have just broken up with her boyfriend back home and was not ready for a new love. The girls soon return to work and do very well. But soon another accident happens and this time it is much more serious. All six interns are fired. Soon after Leila returns with Ryan and the two reveal the plot. They use Charli's designs for the missing clothes. They tell Derek when he returns he already knew about this. They do a photo shoot where Mr. Tortoni comes too he re hires everyone but he is then arrested also the interns and Ryan are very proud of themselves. Jamie and Derek decide to take them all to New York. While Derek and Jamie as well as Charli and Paolo kiss. Ryan tries again with Leila leading to her smiling at him but says she'd rather have a hug. The two hug with huge smiles on their faces, showing that Leila did really like Ryan in that way. The photo shoot is still going on with everyone smiling and laughing."] ["Pankaj , Sameer , Martand  and Gautam  are bound together by their ambition to make it big in life with the least effort possible. Each one tries his hand at finding a short cut to success but ends up being in even deeper trouble. Things get worse when the four decide to take some desperate measures to end their misery once and for all. They believe that the only way to get rich without working hard is to marry a wealthy girl. As luck would have it, a rich girl Ritu  arrives in their neighborhood. All four set out with their individual plans to marry her but end up discovering a shocking truth. Ritu came to the city to find about her brother's killers. All four of them try to impress Ritu's grand parents but all their tricks turn on themselves.The four friends set out in their individual plans to marry Ritu but end up discovering a spine-chilling truth. This leads to much confusion, creating hilarious twists and turns, along with an element of thrill, crime, murder and suspense."] ['Fifteen-year-old Vic  has no boyfriend. Her parents are happily together again, and her grandmother Poupette  thinks about finally marrying her long-term boyfriend. Vic meets Philippe  and is overcome by his charm. She considers making love with him – a step that her girlfriend Penelope  already has taken.{{cite web}}'] ["This is a story about an singer/dancer Vicky Verma . While he was a top student in his school and college days, he is not having much luck finding work, clients or projects. All he does seems to go wrong. Afterwards, Saba  one of the most luckiest girls in the city, meets Vicky at a masked-party and the two kiss which swaps their luck around. Vicky gets as lucky as hell, and Saba gets jinxed. After she finds out that her luck changed due to that kiss, Saba goes out looking for Vicky even though she has never seen his face cos he was wearing a mask at the party when they kissed. Vicky gets signed a contract deal by Tarun Chopra , but its later cancelled when Saba finds him and kisses him to get the luck back. She goes to work, only to get fired, knowing that Vicky was going to use the luck not on him but on his little cousin who has a heart-problem. She once again kisses him to give him the luck back, and Vicky kisses his little cousin and she gets all the luck. After he does that, he ends up winning Saba's love and admiration. After Saba and Vicky get together, Vicky and Saba's life's change and they becomes prosperous."] ['François Merlin  is a Jean Bruce type writer of pulp espionage novels  and about half of the film plays in his imagination, where he is the world-renowned superspy "Bob Sinclar"  Christine  is a sociology student who lives in Merlin\'s building and is interested in the novels, but in the writer\'s imagination she becomes Tatiana, his paramour, while the pompous and rich publisher of his novels, Pierre Charron , doubles as the great villain of the spy novels, the Albanian secret services head Karpov, who in a memorable scene of the film threatens to cut off one of Tatiana\'s breasts. Christine is clearly fascinated with the handsome spy Bob Sinclar, an unrealistic and idealized hero, who is the very opposite of his creator: a clumsy, frustrated man who barely makes enough money to get by. However, when she is befriended by the rich and vain publisher who looks down upon his poor hack writer, she realises her mistake, and after a party where he tries to seduce her, she flees him and falls asleep on the landing outside the writer\'s flat, where he finds her in the morning, clad apparently only in a T-shirt and embraces her for a happy ending. In the final scene, Merlin throws over the balcony his last manuscript, freeing himself from his character and his imaginated life.'] ['Architect Steve Ireland  and his wife Susan  eagerly look forward to their fourth wedding anniversary, but her mother Mrs. Cooper  shows up and puts a damper on their plans for the evening. She sends Steve downstairs to mail her insurance premium. He runs into his old girlfriend Isobel Kimble Grayson  and learns that she has just moved into the apartment building, just one floor below. On the way up, the elevator gets stuck. While they are getting out, Steve is struck several times in the head and becomes woozy. Isobel takes him to her apartment to recover. Though she is now also married, she makes it clear that she would not mind renewing their relationship, but Steve is hopelessly in love with his wife. When he returns to his apartment, he neglects to mention his encounter with Isobel, but Mrs. Cooper finds out and tells her daughter, putting Steve in an awkward spot. For revenge, Susan calls Isobel\'s husband \'Pinky\'  and suggests that they pretend that they are seeing each other. He agrees, but Susan goes to the wrong apartment, that of world champion archer Ward Willoughby . He is puzzled, but has no objection to being romanced by a beautiful woman. When Susan learns her mistake, she has difficulty extricating herself from Willoughby\'s apartment. They are seen by Steve and Isobel, resulting in much confusion. Things are finally cleared up, but then Susan is led to believe that Steve was alone with Isobel in her apartment while she was out running an errand for her mother. Susan decides to get a divorce, despite Steve\'s pleas. She hides in Arizona with her meddling mother. Willoughby follows, to better his acquaintance with Susan. The night before the divorce hearing, Steve\'s lawyer, George Renny , spots Susan at a party and tells his client. Steve crashes the gathering, but is unable to change Susan\'s mind. A chance remark by Steve gives Renny an idea - a divorce can be delayed if one of the parties is insane. Steve does his best to act nutty, even pushing his mother-in-law into the pool. However, he had been so eccentric in the past, that everyone  just believes he is drunk. Nonetheless, Renny gets the divorce judge to agree to a thirty-day delay to have Steve examined by the city lunacy commission. When he realizes that he has gone too far, Steve tries to convince the members that he is sane, but the head of the board, Dr. Klugle , turns out to be the only person Steve hoodwinked at the party. As a result, he is committed to a sanitarium. Steve escapes by tricking the head of the rest home, Dr. Wuthering . He returns to his apartment building one step ahead of the police, who now consider him a homicidal maniac. Steve dodges Willoughby and hides with Isobel\'s help. He then disguises himself as his "sister" by putting on some of Isobel\'s clothes and shaving his mustache. He finally reaches Susan, only to have Mrs. Cooper and Willoughby show up soon afterwards. When Mrs. Cooper inadvertently confirms Steve just talked to Isobel at a cafe, Susan finally believes her husband.'] ['Marco Poloni  enters a baking competition entitled "The Golden Whisk" to attract publicity and win prize money to support his struggling family-owned bakery. He asks for the help of uptight pastry-maker Grace Carpenter , and to show up an old rival who has also entered. Along the way Marco and Grace seem to find a mutual attraction for each other.'] ['It is December, 1938 in the town of Carvel. Andy Hardy  is putting a $12 down payment on a used car. Andy, desperate to take his girlfriend Polly Benedict  to the Christmas Eve dance in his own car, must pay an additional $8 by December 23 for it to be his. When Polly tells Andy she will be visiting her grandmother for the next three weeks and will not be able to attend the Christmas Eve dance with him, Andy vows to attend the dance alone. Judge Hardy  later encounters his son, Andy, and Andy broaches the subject of car ownership, but Judge Hardy tells Andy that he cannot have his own car. Returning home for the evening, Judge Hardy runs into Betsy Booth , who is staying with her grandparents for the Christmas holiday. Betsy’s grandmother has been effusive about Andy Hardy and Betsy is thrilled to learn he will be her next door neighbor during her stay. Judge Hardy’s wife, Emily , receives a telegram that evening informing her that her mother had a serious stroke. Emily and her sister leave immediately to care for their mother. Andy Hardy meets Betsy Booth while delivering some of his mother’s freshly canned preserves. Betsy is obviously taken with Andy but he does not reciprocate her admiration; he leaves as quickly as possible. Beezy , Andy’s friend, asks Andy to date Cynthia , Beezy’s girlfriend, while Beezy is out of town over the Christmas holiday. Beezy promises to pay Andy $8 plus 50 cents a week for expenses for his efforts. Andy needs the money to purchase his car, so he agrees. Andy starts going out with Cynthia but they find they only get along when they are busy kissing; after walking Cynthia home Andy stops in to visit Betsy Booth-only he’s covered in Cynthia’s lipstick. Betsy gives Andy a handsome new radiator cap for his anticipated car and after he leaves she sadly sings “In-Between.” One morning Andy receives a telegram from Polly saying she will be home for the Christmas Eve dance after all. Andy telephones her saying he can’t take her to the dance because of a previous engagement. He thereafter opens a letter from Beezy. Beezy wrote saying he found a new girlfriend so he wasn’t going to pay Andy for dating Cynthia. Betsy offers to help Andy pay for his car but he refuses her aid. That evening he tells his father about the mess he made. Judge Hardy explains his point of view about spending money on a car versus putting it aside as savings-and then discloses his deep concern for Andy’s mother. Judge Hardy would like to convey a message to his wife but there is no telephone at her mother’s home and Emily finds telegrams unnerving. Andy suggests a message be sent to their mother via ham radio in lieu of sending her a telegram. Andy brings Judge Hardy to the home of 12 year-old ham radio operator James McMann Jr  and he sends a message to Mrs. Hardy. Judge Hardy is so impressed with James’ help and his son’s ingenuity that he pays the last $8 for Andy’s car. Betsy deceives Cynthia into thinking that Andy’s car is an absolute wreck; Cynthia haughtily refuses to go to the Christmas Eve dance with Andy. Andy tries to clear things up with Polly but she angrily tells Andy that she won’t go to the dance with him because she has a date with a college boy. Christmas Eve finds Andy wholly dejected at the prospect of not having a date for the dance-but when Betsy comes over in her evening gown he decides to take her to the dance. At the dance Polly’s date recognizes Betsy as an accomplished singer and asks her to perform; Andy is scared that she will embarrass him but she proves to be a fantastic singer and quickly wins over the crowd with “It Never Rains But it Pours” and encores with “Meet the Beat of My Heart.” Betsy and Andy lead the dance in a grand march after Polly leaves in tears. Late that evening at home after the dance, Betsy Booth and the Hardy family are gathered together around the Christmas tree when Mrs. Hardy unexpectedly returns home-her mother is getting better. On Christmas Day Betsy explains everything to Polly. Polly and her date from the dance come over to the Hardy home, and Polly’s date turns out to be her cousin. Betsy expresses her gratitude to Andy for a wonderful evening and leaves. Polly and Andy make up.'] ['Sara Quinn  is interviewing men as part of her graduate studies. Her intellectual endeavor has emotional consequences as the men’s twisted and revealing stories are juxtaposed against the backdrop of her own experience. As she begins to listen closely to the men around her, Sara must ultimately reconcile herself to the darkness that lies below the surface of human interactions.'] ['Now a successful and wealthy architect, Mark Wallace  and his wife Joanna  Wallace  fly their white Mercedes 230SL roadster to Northern France, in order to continue driving to Saint-Tropez to celebrate the completion of a building project for a client, Maurice. Tensions between the couple are evident, and as they journey south they both remember and discuss several past journeys along the same road. The earliest memory involves how they first met on a ferry crossing when Mark was travelling alone and Joanna was part of a girl\'s choir. They meet again when Joanna\'s choirbus goes off the road and Mark helps get them back on the road. When the other girls get chickenpox, Joanna and Mark unexpectedly wind up hitchhiking south together. The next story tells how the two newlyweds are travelling with Mark\'s ex-girlfriend Cathy Manchester , husband  and daughter Ruth \'Ruthie\'  from the USA. Ruthie is not given any limits, and her behaviour frustrates Mark and Jo. Eventually Ruthie reveals the unkind descriptions of Joanna her parents have made in private. At this point Mark and Joanna decide to travel alone. Next the pair drive a new MG which begins to have exhaust troubles, finally catching on fire. On this journey Joanna announces that she is pregnant. They also meet the wealthy Maurice Dalbret ([[Claude Dauphin  and his wife Françoise . Maurice becomes a generous but demanding client for Mark. The next story shows them travelling with their young daughter Caroline . Another time shows Mark travelling alone and having a fling with another motorist, but which is shown to be fleeting and unserious in nature. Later Joanna has an affair with Françoise\'s brother David , which is portrayed as much more serious than Mark\'s and threatens to end the marriage; however, while Joanna dines with David and they witness a couple eating together without saying a word, David asks, offhandedly, "What kind of people can eat an entire meal together and not talk?" Joanna replies, enthusiastically, "Married people!" and, realizing she misses Mark despite their faded passion, runs back to him. At the end of the film, the Wallaces manage to end their long-term relationship to Maurice and find a new client in Rome. They honestly analyse their fears and insecurities which have plagued them throughout the film. Finally, they cross the border from France into Italy. This is new ground for them as well as for the audience, signalling a move beyond the old issues into a more mature future.'] ['{{Plot}} Julia Jones is an obese woman, who dreams of marrying Napoleon Dynamite, but even in her dreams she is rejected. Writing in her diary, she thinks she will never find her true love. Julia goes outside and dances to impress men on the streets. It doesn\'t, as her obesity gets the best of her. Later on, Julia goes to work at her dad\'s Greek diner. Her dad, Frank, suggests she gets married to someone of the same heritage as her. Julia is half Greek , half Indian  and half Japanese . He suggests Nicky, an ugly, greasy man. She then meets the very British Grant Fockyerdoder, with whom she forms an instant attraction. When Frank yells at Julia to get an order, she turns to respond and hits Grant over the head with the coffee pot she\'s holding, knocking him to the floor. She turns around only to find his table is suddenly empty and figures he ran away. Julia needs help and goes to see a love therapist, Hitch. Hitch rejects her at first but reluctantly agrees to help her. Julia explains about the man at the diner and thinks it will be impossible for him to fall in love with her. Hitch takes her to a garage where she gets "pimped out" into a slim attractive woman. She earns a spot on a reality television dating show called The Extreme Bachelor, the bachelor turning out to be Grant, the man she met in the diner. Grant greets all the women and is asked to eliminate the losers, which he does by shooting them. Julia is the last woman standing and is rewarded with dinner for two at a restaurant called "A Restaurant". After their meal, Julia and Grant head back to her apartment, where they have sex. Julia takes Grant to meet her parents. There is immediate tension between Frank and Grant. Grant goes to the bathroom to see Jinxers, the family cat, defecating loudly and continuously on the toilet. Things get a lot worse when Grant attempts to open a bottle of champagne. The cork hits a vase that contains Frank\'s mother\'s remains, and the problems only get worse when Jinxers begins humping the skeleton. Later, Grant takes Julia to Tiffany & Co., where they turn on the lights to reveal the salespeople ready to let her pick whatever she wants. Grant then confesses he loves her and proposes to her. Julia happily says yes. Then, Frodo, Gandalf, and the others try to pawn off a ring, with Gandalf pleading that the ring could "destroy all evil". Ignoring him, Frodo accepts the offer of $50. The hobbits then turn and repeatedly kick Gandalf in his "precious"  and run off to "get some wine coolers... and hookers!" Now it\'s Grant\'s turn to take Julia and her family to meet his parents. This meeting doesn\'t go well either, as Roz, Grant\'s mother, informs everyone that Grant lost his virginity to their gay housekeeper Eduardo. Frank secretly brings Nicky along, telling Julia she has no choice but to marry him. Julia runs off, devastated. Later, Frank has a one-on-one basketball game with Grant\'s father, Bernie. Things get bad when Frank gets a huge taste of Bernie\'s chest hair. The next day, Julia and Grant go to a wedding planner named Jell-O, who has a massive butt. Jell-O suggests they go to Taco Butt, but they want something a little fancier. At first she is offended but when Grant tells her that he and Julia have already taken care of the other things listed for the wedding, Jell-O tells them that she wanted them to see what she had booked for the entertainment which was her dancing. She does some dance moves and backs up towards them with her massive rear and crushes them. Julia finally gets the chance meet Andy, Grant\'s best man, at the swimming pool. Of course, Julia assumes Andy is a man, but she is really a woman and is a lot more attractive than Julia. Julia is even more horrified when she finds out that the two were engaged three weeks ago. Andy helps Julia shop for her wedding dress. At the dress store, Julia hits her head on a power box and finds that she can read people\'s thoughts. Julia finds from reading Andy\'s mind that she still has feelings for Grant and plans to split the two of them up. Julia and Andy fight each other, Kill Bill-style. Julia grows depressed, fearing that she\'ll always be a lonely fat girl. She goes back to Hitch and tells him about Andy. Hitch reckons she doesn\'t stand a chance against Andy &mdash; but if she does, then everything will be fine in the end. Julia grows confident again and figures that she just has to make it through the wedding rehearsal at her dad\'s diner; then, only one day until their wedding. There, Andy shows up and accuses Grant of using Julia to get over her, but Grant ignores her. The big day has arrived, but unfortunately, Julia wakes up with a big pimple on her face. She eventually pops it, blowing her to the back of the room and knocking down a wall, but she is late for her wedding. Meanwhile, Andy finally tells Grant how she feels about him, and that Julia doesn\'t deserve him. She wants to marry him but Grant steps up and says he wants Julia. Andy ignores him and kisses him. Grant pushes Andy off and sees Julia, who has caught them in the act and runs away. Days later, Julia goes back to her apartment and is surrounded by balloons, gifts, and letters from Grant. She cannot forgive Grant, and agrees to marry Nicky. Once at the altar with Nicky, Julia is regretting it and has flashbacks about her and Grant. Frank, realizing that Julia is unhappy, stops the wedding and tells her she doesn\'t want Nicky. Grant is the one for her . Frank shows Julia a magazine with a picture of Grant and a message. It says to meet him on the rooftop of her apartment building. After an epic journey - throwing Andy down a stairway, bashing someone on the head with a baseball bat to get their bike - she gets there, only to find she just missed Grant. She leans her hands on the railings, causing it to snap and falls right into Grant\'s arms. It is very emotional but they get back together and get married, with Hitch officiating. Andy and Nicky meet at the wedding, and fall in love. Meanwhile, Grant and Julia leave in a horse and carriage. Julia also gets a present from her mother-in-law: a vaginal thermometer which apparently has been in their family for generations and is regarded as good luck when it\'s not washed. The film ends with Grant and Julia attending their honeymoon on Kong Island. They see a woman, Anne, tied to two pieces of wood. King Kong comes on and rips off her dress, leaving her clad in a leopard print bikini. Kong then gropes her, she says "I like hairy guys" and Kong roars and flattens her.'] ['Wall Street wizard, Larry Day, new to the ways of love, is coached by his valet. He follows Vivian Benton on an ocean liner, where cocktails, laced with a "love potion," work their magic. He then loses his fortune in the market crash and feels he has also lost his girl.'] ['The film concerns the late coming of age of protagonist Gavin Lamb , a painfully shy 31-year-old virgin still living at home with his parents and who works as a hairdresser in a West End salon. The socially awkward Gavin forges sudden romantic connections with three very different women: a sultry millionairess , an idiosyncratic recluse , and a single mother  who is a junior hairdresser at his salon.'] ['During the final months of World War II, Marion Scott is hitchhiking towards the small town of Plainfield . He is offered a ride by a young woman who turns out to be Wilhelmina "Willie" Hammond, a member of a wealthy society family, running from an arranged marriage to another socially prominent type, stolid Alvin Bailey. Acting on the reported theft of Bailey\'s car, the police stop the pair and, after identifying the stolen car, put the pair in jail. Willie arranges their bail and takes Marion to the family mansion where, having left her keys, she tries to crawl through the window, causing the pair to be arrested again and the story to land in the headlines of the local papers. Willie initially thinks that Marion is an Army deserter, but after he explains his discharge for medical reasons, she gives him a job as the family chauffeur, even though Wiggins, the eccentric old caretaker of the estate, has misgivings. Learning of the "scandal", Willie\'s widowed mother, Mrs. Hammond, "old maid" Aunt Harriet, younger sister Patricia as well as family dressmaker Camille, all return from New York, along with Alvin Bailey and Alvin\'s physical trainer and sidekick, the big "dumb" Champ. After a series of family arguments and complications, Alvin willingly gives up Willie so she can marry Marion, who modestly did not disclose that he was a national hero as a result of wartime valor, that he was hitchhiking simply to maintain anonymity, and was now being welcomed by the mayor and the governor, and honored with a parade by Plainfield, the birthplace of his killed-in-battle wartime best friend, which will now become his adopted hometown.'] ["Arriving in a small Illinois town by train, Casanova Brown is met by Madge Ferris and tells her not to bring up his trip to New York. Cas decides to ask Madge to marry him, even though her father J.J. warns him against it, saying Madge is nothing but trouble. Cas leaves town because of a letter from a Dr. Zernerke summoning him to Chicago, but promises to be back in time for the wedding. A baby girl is at the Chicago hospital and Cas is asked for an explanation. He tells of his New York experience with Isabel Drury, of how they fell in love and decided to wed, only to have Cas repeatedly upset Isabel's mother by insulting her belief in astrology, ignoring her warnings that their union would be cursed, then inadvertently burning down the Drurys' house. After the marriage is annulled, Cas thought it was over. But now there's a baby. Cas disguises himself as a doctor and kidnaps the kid. He then decides to adopt it, but in a hurry to prove he has a stable home life, he proposes to the first woman he sees, Monica, a hotel maid, that they get married immediately. Madge is left at the altar, Isabel comes back claiming it was just a prank she was playing to get even with Cas for leaving her, and it turns out Monica didn't get to marry him after all because they didn't have a proper license. Cas and Isabel decide to give it another try."] ['Peter  is a chivalrous idealist who seeks to win the heart of Amy , who in turn fancies urbane Harry . Jane  is a Prohibition agent who helps uncover illegal bootleg activities.'] ['Boris Yelnikoff  is a misanthropic chess teacher and former Columbia professor. Divorced, he eschews human contact except for his friends  and students, criticizing everyone he meets for not matching him intellectually. Boris comes home one night to find Melodie , a simpleminded 21-year-old, lying on his doorstep. He reluctantly lets her in for a meal and soon she tells him her story. She turns out to be of a distinctly southern background, having been born to fundamentalist parents in Mississipi and ran away from them. She asks if she can stay the night, which Boris eventually allows, and she stays with him while she\'s looking for a job. Melodie develops a crush on Boris despite their age difference and their varying cultures and intelligence. Melodie finds a job as a dog walker while still living with Boris. Out on the job, she meets Perry  and they arrange a date. When she comes back home, she explains to Boris that she didn\'t like Perry because he loved everything in the world too much. Boris realizes that he loves her and they get married. After a year passes, her mother Marietta  finds Melodie, explaining that she and her husband John  thought Melodie had been kidnapped. She goes on to tell her that John left her and sold their house after John lost money in the stock market. She meets Boris and is disappointed with him, so she tries to convince Melodie to end her marriage. The three go for lunch at a restaurant and meet Boris\' friend, Leo . As Marietta goes to use the restroom, Randy James  inquires about Melodie. Marietta slyly decides to recruit him to end Melodie\'s marriage. Later that evening, Leo, who had taken an interest in Marietta, asks her over for dinner. They spend the evening together, and they both discover that she is a wonderful photographer and he even makes plans to contract her professionally. Boris explains to the audience that the next few weeks, Marietta changed and started experimenting in artistic photography, exotic new habits, and having a polyamorous relationship with Leo and his business partner, Morgenstern . Marietta still hates Boris and continues to arrange for Melodie to marry Randy. She takes her to an outdoor craft market and "accidentally" runs into Randy, who questions her about her marriage. Later shopping for clothes, Melodie meets Randy in another planned encounter with her and gets her to admit that her relationship with Boris is not entirely satisfying. He invites her to the boat he lives on, and the two end up kissing and beginning an affair. John arrives at Boris and Melodie\'s home full of regret and hopes to get the family back together. They all go to Marietta\'s photography exhibit opening together, and he sees how his ex-wife has changed since she moved to New York. Distraught, he retreats to a bar, drinking away his misery. While there, he meets a recently divorced gay man named Howard , and realizes that he is also gay. Melodie tells Boris she is in love with Randy. Boris is disheartened by this and jumps out a window again, but this time lands on Helena  breaking her arm and leg. As he visits her in the hospital, he asks her if there is anything he can do to make up with her, and Helena says she would like to go to dinner with Boris. Finally, Boris hosts a New Year\'s Eve party, at which everyone is seen in their new relationships: Marietta with Leo and Morgenstern, John with Howard, Melodie with Randy, and finally Boris with Helena. Melodie and her parents had, each one separately, completely shed their former southern conservative mindsets and wholeheartedly adopted the liberal New York way of life and values. . They are now all the best of friends, and at midnight heralding a new year they kiss and Boris tells the audience that you just have to find all the enjoyment that you can, that you have to find "whatever works."'] ["Rajini is working as a coolie in a factory. He is asked by three brothers  to act as a foreign returned rich man the heir of a property.Rajini acts but always escapes as he doesn't want to face consequences.But then he comes to know that he is the heir to the property, his father was killed by three brothers to takeaway the property and mother  became a mental patient.He avenges the death of his father by killing the villains.Atlast, he says he doesn't want to be an heir to money and always remains as a coolie."] ['Mollie is an accountant living and working in New York City. The latest client she has been assigned by her firm is a charmingly handsome but shallow, womanizing executive named Albert. He seduces her, and although he is married, he embarks on an affair with her, promising to leave his wife for her. Mollie insists that their relationship has to stop; however, succumbing to temptation, she proceeds to have sex with him, and becomes pregnant. Once she realizes this, she informs him, who takes the news well and again promises to leave his wife and raise the baby with her. Until then, she decides to tell her eccentric and overbearing parents that there is no father and that she became pregnant via a sperm donor. She continues her relationship with him as the pregnancy develops; however, she fears he is seeing another woman, Melissa. Later, when she and her best friend, Rona, are shopping, she finds him in a clinch with Melissa. He then tells her that he is in love with Melissa and that he leaving his wife, so he and Melissa can get a place together. Angry and upset, a heartbroken Mollie storms off in a rage while the fight causes her to suddenly go into labor. When she hails a cab, the driver, James Ubriacco, realizes the seriousness of the situation and speeds off to the hospital. Upon reaching the hospital, the nurses mistake him for the baby\'s father, and he feels inclined to stay. She gives birth to a son and names him Michael, "Mikey" for short. A few days after he is brought home, she receives a visit from James, and he returns the purse she left behind in his taxi. He meets Mikey, and they seem to enjoy each other\'s company. Over the next month, Mollie is dealing with being a single parent and Mikey is becoming used to his new world when she discovers that James has been using her address to keep his grandfather in a nursing home in the local area. She confronts him and he offers to babysit Mikey if she lets him continue to use the address, to which she agrees. She starts dating again but quickly realizes that none of the men she has been seeing are good enough for Mikey. We see three of them with her at restaurants, then we see her imagining how they\'d treat him after witnessing their behaviors: the first angrily berates the waiter for messing up his order and she imagines him being an abusive father; the second is a fastidious neat freak who she sees as too uptight; the third is a man named Harry who works with her father. James tricks him into taking advantage of her by having her pay for everything. One night, she lets her guard down and almost sleeps with James; however, after imagining what life would be like if she married him, she asks him to leave, despite him telling her he loves both her and Mikey. Soon after, Mollie is forced to help Albert with his taxes, when he pleads with her to let him see Mikey. She agrees but forgets to inform James, who is babysitting him. A fight ensues when Albert arrives and claims to be Mikey\'s father; James does not believe this is possible, as Mollie had told him she used a sperm donor. They get into an argument, and Albert leaves. Later, Mollie takes Mikey to see Albert, who shows that he has not changed; she proceeds to destroy his office with the help of a very enthusiastic Mikey. She receives a call from the nursing home James\' grandfather is living at complaining about his behavior. She explains to the manager why his behavior had been so bad, and he agrees to let him stay, believing her to be James\' wife. She runs into James outside the office; he had overheard the discussion, and he thanks her. While Mollie is pleading with the manager, Mikey escapes from James\' grandfather. First he wanders into the cafeteria and then the kitchen. After he sees a taxi outside the nursing home and believes it to be James\', he climbs in as it is taken away by a tow truck. After leaving it, he ends up standing in the middle of open traffic, looking for James\' taxi. James and Mollie rescue him from the street, and when he calls him "Da-da," she sees that he is not only perfect for Mikey, but perfect for her, as well. They kiss, with Mikey looking on happily. As the credits roll, James and an older Mikey are shown walking through the hospital to see Mollie , who has just given birth to Mikey\'s half-sister, Julie. Also, the baby talks.'] ['Carnegie Mellon English Professor Lawrence Wetherhold  is a middle-aged widower. He is bitter and arrogant at work, uninterested in his students, and alienated from his two children. His adopted ne\'er-do-well brother, Chuck , arrives to borrow money and stays for a while as he tries to unwind Lawrence\'s lonely, overachieving teenage daughter, Vanessa Wetherhold . Meanwhile, Lawrence suffers a trauma-induced seizure after falling from the top of a fence in an attempt to retrieve his briefcase from inside his impounded car. In the emergency room, he is treated by Dr. Janet Hartigan , a former student he does not remember. Janet tells Lawrence that because of his seizure, he is not allowed to drive for six months. When he returns home from the hospital, Chuck is still there, and he offers to drive for him in return for letting him move in. Lawrence goes to the hospital for a follow-up, where another doctor tells him Janet had been his student. He meets Janet again outside the hospital as he is leaving and, since Chuck has failed to show up, she offers to take him home. When they arrive, he asks Janet to join him for a "face-to-face conversation." She agrees, fulfilling her old student crush on the professor. Vanessa is not pleased, confronting Janet about Lawrence\'s fragility. At dinner, Lawrence monopolizes the conversation and Janet walks out. Lawrence fakes a visit to the emergency room to see Janet again and the two reconcile for a second date. They get back to Janet\'s place where they have sex, but while spending the night, Janet is turned off by Lawrence\'s neediness and worries that he is, in fact, still too distraught by his wife\'s death. To get rid of him, she feigns being called in by the hospital and does not return any of his subsequent calls. On another night, in the midst of a contentious family Christmas dinner at the Wetherholds\', Janet arrives unannounced with a cake. After Chuck gets Vanessa drunk to celebrate her early acceptance into Stanford University, she makes a pass at him, which he rejects. He then moves in part-time with Lawrence\'s son, James , in his college dormitory. James\' girlfriend, Missy , who is one of his father\'s students, tells Lawrence that James has had a poem accepted by The New Yorker. In contrast, Lawrence\'s latest academic tome has been universally rejected. After Vanessa suggests a new title, You Can\'t Read!, the book is sold to Penguin Group, a large non-academic publisher in New York. To Lawrence\'s dismay, however, the book is largely re-worked and edited by the publisher and only vaguely resembles his original work. Janet accompanies Lawrence on a trip to New York to meet with the publisher, where she learns she is pregnant with his child. Finding him preoccupied by his book\'s publishing and an on-going campaign to become chairman of the English Department, Janet is again upset by Lawrence\'s self-absorption and breaks up with him without telling him the news. Back in Pittsburgh, Lawrence is confronted by both James and Chuck, who both point to his apparent lack of interest in his children\'s lives. Encouraged by Chuck, Lawrence goes to the hospital to reconcile with Janet, who reveals her pregnancy. He has meanwhile dropped his bid to become department head and has become a more involved parent and professor. During the end credits, Lawrence and Janet cradle twin babies: one boy and one girl.'] ['A plumber, Keld , is bored with his job and his life. Rie , Keld\'s wife, tries to interest him in a vacation or dance classes. When this last-ditch attempt fails, Rie, tired of Keld\'s apathy, divorces him. Keld continues in his downward spiral, ignoring his customers and closing his business indefinitely. Keld sells all of his and Rie\'s furniture and lives in the empty apartment. When the food in the fridge runs out, Keld starts eating every night at a Chinese restaurant across the street from his apartment. The pipes in the restaurant explode and Keld agrees to fix them in exchange for his meals. After about a month, the owner of the restaurant, Feng , offers Keld DKK 24,000  to marry his sister, Ling , so that she can get a visa. Keld initially refuses, but when faced with the divorce settlement, Keld goes back to Feng and asks for DKK 8,000 . Feng agrees. After a lavish wedding, Ling moves into Keld\'s apartment which is set up to fool the immigration service. Ling and Keld learn to live with each other despite the language barrier. Keld freely tells his wife and son that the marriage is purely "pro forma". Keld is concerned about Ling\'s health but Feng assures him she\'s perfectly fine. Ling\'s influence gradually lifts Keld up out of his apathy. Rie attempts to reconcile with Keld. When that fails, Rie threatens to call the cops on Keld and Ling\'s marriage unless she gets her money immediately. Keld goes to Feng to get his money, but Feng says the wedding cost too much and he doesn\'t have the cash. Angry, Keld storms home and has a fight with Ling, despite neither of them being able to understand the other. Keld goes over to Feng\'s restaurant looking for Ling. A fellow patron of Feng\'s restaurant advises Keld that love must be professed. Feng comes through with the money, so Keld pays Rie and crushes any hope of reconciliation between them because he is in love with Ling. When bringing his lunch, Ling overhears Keld practicing saying "I love you" in Chinese. That evening, washing the dishes as Ling waits for Keld to get up the nerve to say it, Ling collapses. Keld takes her to the hospital but it\'s too late. Feng confesses he knew Ling had a genetic heart defect, the reason why he had wanted her to live in Denmark. Ling is cremated and Keld flies to China to scatter her ashes in the ancestral river.'] ['Peggy Sue Bodell  sets off for her 25-year high school reunion, albeit hesitantly, with her daughter, Beth , coming along as company. Peggy Sue has just separated from her former high school sweetheart, now husband, Charlie , and is wary of attending the reunion because of everyone questioning her about the absence of Charlie; they have been married since she became pregnant at the end of high school. Peggy Sue arrives at the reunion and is happy to reconnect with her old friends, Maddy  and Carol , and all start to comment on old high school memories and how times  have changed. Charlie unexpectedly arrives at the reunion, causing an awkward scene with Peggy Sue ignoring him. The awkwardness is ended when the event MC announces the reunion’s "king and queen." The king is Richard Norvik ([[Barry Miller , a former class geek turned multi-millionaire computer whiz. Peggy Sue is named the queen, but on arriving at the stage, she faints. When Peggy Sue awakens, she finds she’s gone back to the spring of 1960, her senior year of high school, having passed out after donating blood. Peggy at first believes she died at the reunion, but then comes to accept that she has gone back in time. She’s in shock to see old family members so young and to talk to relatives who have since died. She attends high school classes and meets with old  friends as well as their now-young boyfriends . Peggy answers simple questions with adult responses. For example, when her mother asks if she and Charlie had a fight, she replies yes—but about "house payments," talking about their future divorce. She also makes a get-rich-quick reference of going to England to discover The Beatles. Peggy is confused by this new/old world, but she’s fascinated to get to live high school all over again and say things she always wanted to say . She uses this opportunity to repair an estranged relationship with her younger sister, Nancy . One thing Peggy is not happy about is that she’s still dating Charlie. She breaks up with him and has a one-night stand with Michael Fitzsimmons ([[Kevin J. O\'Connor —the guy in school she always wished she’d slept with. Peggy Sue soon sees that this Charlie  is not the same as the adulterous Charlie she left in 1985 and Peggy starts to fall in love with him all over again, though the relationship still has its problems. Meanwhile, she contacts the young  Richard and asks for his advice on time travel. He seems to believe her as they discuss events and inventions that do not yet exist. Her inquiries into time travel lead to her grandfather, who agrees to try a strange séance ritual with his Masonic Lodge buddies to send her forward in time. Peggy is kidnapped by Charlie. He takes her to a greenhouse of sorts, while everybody at the Lodge thinks the ritual worked. He tells Peggy Sue that he loves her and gives her the locket she wore at the beginning of the film. Realizing that she cannot cheat fate, Peggy Sue kisses Charlie and they begin to make love, which would again lead to Peggy getting pregnant and marrying him. In the next moment, Peggy Sue is transported back to present day. Peggy Sue wakes up in a hospital, with Charlie at her side. However, the idea that she may have dreamed the entire ordeal is called into doubt when she sees that Michael has dedicated a book to her and their night together. Charlie, meanwhile, is deeply regretful of his adultery and tells Peggy Sue he wants her back. It seems there\'s hope for them possibly reconciling their differences when Peggy Sue looks at Charlie with new eyes and  says, "I\'d like to invite you over to your house for dinner on Sunday, with your kids. I\'ll make a strudel."'] ['Grandma Louisa  begins dating grocer Henry Hammond , much to the disgust of her son Hal  and the rest of the family. To make matters worse, Hal’s boss, Mr. Burnside , also becomes a rival for Louisa’s affections.'] ['Harold McMurphy  is a Beverly Hills tour bus driver. One day he meets Amanda Clark , an up-and-coming actress he falls for. Unfortunately, she mistakes him for a famous screenwriter. In order to romance her, he allows her to believe he is.'] ['Set in New Jersey during the Great Depression, the film tells the story of Cecilia , a clumsy waitress who goes to the movies to escape her bleak life and loveless, abusive marriage to Monk , whom she has attempted to leave on numerous occasions. The latest film Cecilia sees is a fictitious RKO Radio Pictures film, The Purple Rose of Cairo. It is the story of a rich Manhattan playwright  who goes on an exotic vacation to Egypt with companions Jason ([[John Wood  and Rita . While in Egypt, the three meet archaeologist Tom Baxter . Tom is brought back for a "madcap Manhattan weekend" where he falls head-over-heels for Kitty Haynes , a chanteuse at the Copacabana. After Cecilia sits through the film several times, Tom, noticing her, breaks the fourth wall, and emerges from the black-and-white screen into the colorful real world on the other side of the cinema\'s screen. He tells Cecilia that he is attracted to her after noticing her watching him so many times, and she takes him around New York. Later, he takes her into the film and they have a great evening on the town within the film. The two fall in love. But the character\'s defection from the film has caused some problems. In other copies of the film, others have tried to exit the screen. The producer of the film learns that Tom has left the film, and he flies cross-country to New Jersey with actor Gil Shepherd . This sets up an unusual love triangle involving Tom, Gil and Cecilia. Cecilia must choose between them and she decides to choose the real person of Gil rather than the fantasy figure of Tom. She gives up the chance to return with Tom to his world, choosing to stay with Gil and have a \'real\' life. She breaks up with her husband. But Gil\'s professions of love for Cecilia were false&mdash;he wooed her only to get Tom to return to the movie and thereby save Gil\'s Hollywood career. Gil abandons Cecilia and is seen quietly racked with guilt on his flight back to Hollywood. Having been left without a lover, job or home, Cecilia ends up immersing herself in the frothy escapism of Hollywood once again, sitting in a theater watching Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers dancing to "Cheek-to-Cheek" in the film Top Hat, forgetting her dire situation and losing herself in the film.'] ["The first half of the film shows Gowan McGland , a creatively blocked Scottish poet, cutting a swath through various older society women as he recites his verse to various arts groups and cultural societies. The tone is very much uneasy social comedy: McGland cadges expensive dinners from well-off patrons  while seducing their bored wives and affecting superiority over the bourgeois types he exploits. While obviously quite talented, he is also a career drunk, indifferent to the wounds he can casually inflict with his wit.  But his rumpled charm, Scottish burr, and mouthful of brilliant white teeth make him irresistible to women, and he manages to eke out a day-to-day existence by leaning on the kindness of strangers. The second half of the film becomes appreciably darker, after Gowan falls in love with a young college student, Geneva Spofford , who has everything to lose from a relationship with a drunken deadbeat poet unable to hold a job. After a couple of ugly incidents , they split up. He also suffers an ironic come-uppance from a husband he has cuckolded; the man is a dentist, and he offers Gowan free dental care in order to ruin his smile and force him to wear dentures. Gowan prepares to hang himself but, while dictating his last thoughts into a tape recorder, he comes up with some good lines and regains his will to write. Unfortunately, his host's pet dog, an Old English Sheepdog named Reuben, comes bounding into the room, causing Gowan to lose his balance before he can undo the noose, turning the aborted suicide into accidental asphyxiation. Only at the very end does the film's title – Gowan's final words, an attempt to dissuade the dog from approaching – make sense."] ['Charlie B. Barkin the German Shepherd/Collie mix  welcomes his friend Itchy Itchiford the Dachshund  to Heaven after the latter choked to death on a chicken drumstick. However, while Itchy embraces paradise, Charlie reveals he has grown bored since his death and wishes to return to Earth. Carface, Charlie\'s old enemy, and a Pit Bull/Bulldog mix , is also in Heaven, but he steals Gabriel\'s Horn. However, upon leaving Heaven and falling into the swirl cloud, Carface loses the Horn after he is sucked through an airplane\'s jet turbines. The dog angels are alerted of the Horn\'s theft by Annabelle, the head angel , meaning the Pearly Gates will not be open for deceased dogs. After using some smooth talk and persuasion, Annabelle sends Charlie and Itchy to San Francisco, California to locate and retrieve the Horn. She gives them 1 miracle to use. Upon arrival in the city, the two dogs discover they are ghosts, unable to interact with the physical world or be seen. The two go to a bar for dogs where Charlie falls in love with a pretty Irish Setter named Sasha La Fleur . Carface appears in a corporeal form, courtesy of a red dog collar created by a mysterious dog named Red . Charlie and Itchy gain some collars, but they will only work for a day and Charlie and Itchy will become ghosts again after that. However, it is revealed that Red is really a Hellcat  planning to use the Horn to imprison and rule over the canine angels, and Charlie\'s collar will be used to manipulate him into gaining the Horn. Charlie and Itchy meet Sasha and her adopted "kid": a 8 year old lonely boy named David  who ran away from home because his stepmother and his dad are going to have a baby together, making David feel as if they don\'t love him anymore. He wishes to become a street performer. Charlie agrees to assist David, much to Sasha and Itchy\'s objections, leading David to believe that Charlie is his guardian angel, a title which Charlie lovingly adopts. On the way to a nearby entertainment spot, the group spots the Horn being taken into a police station. After a chaotic distraction, Charlie and his group retrieve the Horn, with Carface failing to steal it from them. Charlie, however, starts to have second thoughts about returning to Heaven, and places the Horn in a tied-up lobster trap before kicking it into the dock to make sure nobody gets to it. The group goes to the entertainment spot on Easy Street{{dn}}, with David and the dogs entertaining an audience with magic tricks, but a rainstorm and David tumbling into a fountain ruins the act, leaving him and the dogs with no money to earn. The group takes shelter at the docks from the rain, where David reveals his mother has died and his stepmother is having a new child, so he ran away under the belief he would be forgotten, despite the fact that his stepmother is actually worried about him along with his father. Charlie promises to go with David back home, but then confides in Sasha that he may have to break his promise since he must return to Heaven with the Horn. Sasha reveals feelings for Charlie, but just as they are about to kiss, Charlie\'s collar vanishes and he and Itchy become ghosts again. Determined to fulfill his promise to David, Charlie races to Red\'s place for a new collar. Red manages to manipulate Charlie into agreeing to give him the Horn, with Carface kidnapping David and demanding that Charlie brings Red the Horn to Alcatraz Island. He then brings the horn to Red, who plays it and sucks all of the dog angels out of Heaven and into Alcatraz\'s prison, before it begins to sink into the ground. Charlie, Itchy, Sasha and David fight Red as he grows to a giant size monster, with Charlie finally obtaining the Horn and playing it again to free the angels, who return to Heaven, and sending Red back to Hell. Carface  reappears hoping to make amends as well as trying to downplay his involvement, but Red drags him into Hell as well, revealing to everyone that Carface sold his soul to Red in exchange for his collar. After Charlie and Sasha profess their love for each other, he and Itchy return to Heaven, but Annabelle decides to send Charlie to live with David, resurrected. Itchy, on the other hand, decides to remain in heaven. Charlie returns to Earth, meeting David and Sasha at David\'s family home where David is reunited with his family, learning of his stepmother\'s love, and he calls her "Mom". After David asks to keep Charlie and Sasha. Then Sasha asks Charlie why he came back. Charlie tells her that he came back to be her husband much to Sasha\'s delight, but just as they are about to kiss, David works up some magic and presents Charlie and Sasha with their very own dog bowls with their names on it. Charlie and Sasha then passionately kiss and join David and his family as a couple.'] ["On Moonlight Bay centers on the character Marjorie Winfield, a tomboy played by Doris Day. When the Winfield family moves into a new house in a small town in Indiana, the daughter, Marjorie begins a romance with the boy next door, William Sherman, played by Gordon MacRae. Marjorie has to learn how to dance and behave like a proper young lady. Unfortunately Mr. Winfield doesn't approve of William and some of his unconventional ideas about marriage and money, which causes the course of true love to run less smoothly than could be desired. Everything is resolved in time for a happy ending."] ['Woody Deane  and Nell Bedworth  are neighbors and former childhood friends who go to the same high school, but are otherwise completely different. Woody is a popular varsity football player while Nell is a nerdy, literature-loving girl. They loathe each other and are constantly in dispute. One day their class goes on a school trip to a museum and they are forced to work together on an assignment. They quickly begin arguing in front of a statue of the ancient Aztec god Tezcatlipoca.{{cite web}} As they argue, the statue casts a spell upon them — causing them to wake up in each other\'s bodies the next morning. When they arrive at school, they immediately blame each other for the body swap, but agree to pretend to be the other person until they can find a way to switch back. At first, they seem to succeed, but quickly return to arguing when they each feel the other is misrepresenting them in the opposite body, such as Nell  answering a question oddly and surprising a teacher. The following day, Nell  arrives at school wearing "Chinos and an Oxford cotton button-down" making Woody\'s appearance look "dorky" which frustrates Woody, and he is even more frustrated after he hears about how Nell  failed Woody\'s football practice the previous day. As payback, Woody  dresses in inappropriate and provocative clothing the following day. After school, Nell , in retaliation, breaks up with Breanna , Woody\'s girlfriend, much to the disappointment of Woody. The humiliation competition continues when Woody  drives off with a biker boy, Nicky , and makes Nell  think she is going to lose her virginity. However, Woody decides it is "so gay" and leaves Nicky just as he is removing his clothing. The following day, rumors are being spread around school by Nicky about his night with Nell. When Nell  finds out, she gets very upset. When Woody  finds Nell , he admits that he didn\'t actually lose Nell\'s virginity and that everyone was simply spreading Nicky\'s lies. However, Nell is still let down and so Woody  decides to confront Nicky. It turns out that Woody  can\'t fight him, and Nell  runs up and punches him in the face. After this, Nell and Woody reach a truce and realize the statue of Tezcatlipoca at the museum had something to do with their body swap. They head down to the museum and even after confronting the statue, they fail to return to their original bodies. They realize they are going to have to help each other in two important upcoming events. Nell must learn how to play football for Woody\'s Homecoming game and Woody must learn about poetry and literature for Nell\'s Yale interview. Later that night Nell  is getting drunk at a party while Woody  is stuck at a slumber party listening to all the gossip about Woody, and surrounded by nailpolish, pajamas and slippers. After spending so much time together, Nell and Woody become very fond of each other and start to understand each other better. The night before the interview and the game, they agree to go to the Homecoming Dance together, as "not a date." The day of the interview and match, Woody goes to Yale for the interview and at first messes things up and is asked to leave, but he starts to talk about poetry in rap, which impresses and astonishes the interviewer. After that, he goes to the match and watches Nell run in the winning touchdown in the closing seconds. A college recruiter witnesses his good performance and wants to talk to him later. After the game, they congratulate each other for their successes. Shortly after this, the spell lifts and they return to their original bodies. The scene finishes with Woody being kissed by Breanna and Nell going home very upset about it. The following day, Woody tries to talk to Nell but is stopped by her mother, who sees Woody\'s family as uneducated. Nell receives a letter from Yale informing her that she has been accepted to Yale, meaning that her interview  was successful. However, she is still upset with Woody and has decided not to go to the Homecoming Dance. Meanwhile, Nell\'s father has a talk with her on the porch about Woody, during which she confesses she truly likes him, and her father surprises her with a dress and shoes for the dance. At the dance, Woody sees Nell and they leave the school together and share a kiss in front of their houses. The following day, Nell tells her mother that she is taking a year\'s sabbatical before attending Yale, and hops into Woody\'s car as they drive off together.'] ['Little Athens follows a whirlwind day in the hapless lives of small town youth caught in a dead-end post-high school void. The journeys of four groups of late teens/early twenty-somethings unfold through four different storylines, their separate trails converging at an explosive house party.'] ['Danny Valdessecchi  is an intelligent, handsome, charming boy who happens to be blind. Having been blind from birth, he volunteers for a risky experimental visual prosthesis that may restore his sight -- having a microchip installed in the visual cortex of his brain that connects to a camera that would give him only, at best, fuzzy black and white images. During the tests he meets a beautiful Indian nurse, Leeza . Meanwhile, because Danny is a virgin at 22, his brother Larry , who runs a limousine service, gets him a string of hilariously disastrous blind dates in between rentals. When Danny finally realizes that he is falling for Leeza, she tells him she cannot see him anymore because she has been promised in an arranged marriage. Believing that Leeza did not pursue their relationship because of his being blind, Danny becomes depressed and stops taking the necessary tests for his brain surgery. Danny\'s family, his eccentric psychotherapist Dr. Evans ([[Jane Seymour  and eye doctor Dr. Perkins  advise him to continue because it is his only chance of seeing, and soon Danny is successfully operated on. He sees his family\'s faces for the first time, but not Leeza\'s, who was away, reluctantly preparing for her marriage. Soon the experiment proves to be a failure, as the fragile prosthesis in his brain moves, clouding his already weak vision, and Danny goes back to being blind. Realizing that he really loves Leeza, he bursts into the wedding, professing his love for her and saying "Love is how you speak to me. Love is how you touch me...and guide me showing me the way to go. And when we kiss, when we kiss, it moves me to my soul." The couple kiss. At this the marriage is called off and Danny and Leeza start over, learning more about each other\'s family and culture.'] ['Sherman Klump is working on a new miracle formula– this time, the fountain of youth. He is also preparing to marry a fellow scientist and girlfriend, Denise Gaines . Unfortunately, he has started suffering from personality lapses that are threatening to alienate his bride-to-be: against his will, he acts like the obnoxious, hypersexed Buddy Love of the first film. After a particularly unpleasant incident, Sherman goes to his lab to analyze his DNA and locates Buddy Love\'s DNA in an abnormal gene. He decides to use Denise\'s genetic research methods to isolate the gene and permanently extract Buddy Love\'s DNA from his own. His assistant, Jason, tries to stop him, warning him that he might damage his health or even lose his intelligence. Sherman disregards the warning and, alone in his lab late at night, extracts Buddy\'s DNA. The orphaned DNA, a glowing blob of jelly, combines with a hair from a basset hound named Buster and grows spontaneously into an adult man, Buddy Love—now a fully autonomous being. Thanks to his doggy heritage, however, this Buddy Love has a tendency to chase cats and cars. Meanwhile, Sherman has inflicted so much genetic damage on himself by removing Buddy that his brain cells begin dying at an exponential rate. Meanwhile, Cleetus, who has now retired from his job in the construction industry, takes a swig of Sherman\'s new formula, which Sherman hid in the garage earlier, and becomes a man in his late 20s, goes to a club and ends up in a fight with an older man named Willie. Buddy, who had an unsuccessful deal with Leanne Gillford, notices this fight when Cleetus turns back into his old self. Buddy breaks into the Klump\'s house and steals some of Sherman\'s youth formula, planning to sell it to the highest bidder, then adds a household chemical to the remainder of the mixture. But Granny catches him, and thinks he is the stripper that was ordered for Denise\'s bachelorette party. Granny then strips and tongue-kisses Buddy which causes him to vomit in some near by bushes & essentially run off crying. When Sherman administers the adulterated potion to a hamster in front of a large audience, the hamster, Petey, grows to enormous size. The Dean  hides from Petey under a fur coat, which the hamster sees as a female hamster named Molly, who already escaped the potion. Petey performs a lewd act  on the Dean. After the fiasco, the deeply traumatized Dean fires Sherman. However, this is the least of Sherman\'s problems; his brain damage is now reaching a critical level. With the help of his loyal lab assistant, Jason, he devises a strategy to restore his mind. He plans to reintegrate Buddy into his DNA by reverting him back to the jelly-like matter he used to be, then sucking him up through a straw. Sherman concocts a new, stronger youth formula when he is interrupted by Dean Richmond, demanding to know what Sherman\'s playing at. Richmond explains Buddy Love is selling the youth formula to a rival company, and believes Sherman to be in on it. Sherman gets a tennis ball, and heads with Dean Richmond to the office where Buddy is pitching the youth formula he stole; if he can revert Buddy to an infantile state and consume him, the return of Buddy\'s DNA to his own system will repair the damage that he originally caused. When Sherman arrives Buddy laughs, but Sherman then throws the tennis ball, and Buddy\'s dog genes compel him to give chase. Sherman has coated the ball with his new, super potent youth formula, and when Buddy catches the ball, he turns into a toddler. He runs off, then melts into a gelatinous blob that continues fleeing. However, Buddy suffers many injuries while in his blob form which soon kills him. He is run over by a car, thrown into the air making a hard landing, and is trampled in a large crowd of people. Buddy, in critical condition, tells Sherman before his last breath, "Let\'s see how long you last without me". He dies and evaporates into a public coin fountain. But unfortunately, for Sherman, he can no longer get back inside of him. Denise and Cletus arrive, and see Sherman and Richmond. Sherman, before his brain becomes seriously damaged, sadly tells Denise, whom he no longer recognizes, that he no smart, never, no more. Denise starts crying, and one of her tears lands on Buddy\'s DNA blob, causing it to trickle into the fountain. As his companions begin to usher him away, Denise promising to take care of him, Sherman turns and mumbles something about "pretty water". They see the fountain\'s water glowing a bright neon blue. Buddy is dead, but his DNA is still alive in the water. She and Cletus force Sherman to drink the water before the DNA disperses, and he rapidly regains his mental faculties. In the last scene, Sherman and Denise get married.'] ["Viswa Naga Chaitanya is a dhadar chasing beggers who attempts to buy in a supermarket and after he catches them and handovers to his brother. Later his family members are introduced. His older brother, , and his sister-in-law . Viswas meets Rhea who is an only daughter of wealthy business tycoon  who is concerned about money and growth but not about affection and love. While Viswas is trying to get attention of Rhea he will accidentally get into a quarrel with a gang who does business with human trafficking. He fights and frees some girls who were kidnapped and this gang is owned by Rahul dev who tries to find Viswas and end him up. Then Rhea's dad sets up a proposal with another son of a business tycoon, Amit. Rhea is not interested. The gang's owner soon finds out that Viswas's brother works for him and he tries to chase him down but Viswas beats everybody up. He soon realizes that he has to save Rhea from her soon-to-be husband. Rhea's fiance tries to kill her by locking her in a car and throwing the car into an ocean. But Viswas saves Rhea. The film ends with Viswas bringing Rhea out of the ocean in a blanket and the two are talking."] ['Sam Craig  and Tess Harding  are journalists for the same New York newspaper in the early 1940s. Tess, the daughter of a diplomat , is an internationally inclined political affairs columnist, a polyglot educated in various prestigious European universities who has traveled the world . Meanwhile, Sam is an everyman sportswriter who worked his way up. A feud in their columns, over baseball, develops into romance, love, and marriage, despite their different backgrounds and worlds. When Sam invites her on a date to a baseball game, Tess inadvertently breaks the "men only" atmosphere of the press box, and is initially confused and unfamiliar with the rules of the sport, before enjoying herself and befriending other spectators. After Sam and Tess marry, a conflict arises over Tess\'s priorities and Sam\'s place in her life. They have several minor disagreements, but a bigger problem occurs when Tess is coerced to take on the care of a Greek refugee child Chris  without having a chance to consult Sam. When Sam initially believes Tess is pregnant with their child, he is thrilled, but upon meeting Chris, he is at first unconvinced about taking on an unrelated orphan with whom he cannot even communicate. Still, he tries to befriend the boy as much as he can, and introduces him to sports. Tess learns that she has received the award of "Woman of the Year", to be given to her at a fancy ceremony. That evening, Sam wonders who will be looking after the boy, and is unsatisfied with her answer of "I\'ll ask one of the elevator boys to look in on him." Sam decides to stay home to look after Chris. Tess is upset—she wants him to be beside her on her big night, and is embarrassed at the thought that the public will wonder where he is. Sam says she can tell everyone he had more important plans, and Tess accidentally offends him by asking whether anyone would believe that Sam could find something more important to do. After Tess leaves, Sam tells Chris to dress and pack. While Tess is at her ceremony, Sam returns the child to the home for Greek refugee children and walks out on the marriage. Tess only learns of this upon her return, when she goes to change for photographers only to discover the men and their belongings are all missing. She attempts to go reclaim Chris, but he refuses . The next day, Tess receives an invitation, addressed to both of them, to go to the home of her father and the aunt who raised her . However, Sam is covering a championship boxing match that evening and tells her he can not go. Tess arrives alone, only to be told that her aunt and her father are to be married that night, after 15 years of "making the same mistake" and saying nothing of their attraction. Listening to the words of the wedding ceremony encourages Tess to attempt a reconciliation with Sam. She enters Sam\'s new riverside home the next morning and starts to prepare breakfast. Sam is eventually woken by her noisy incompetence in the kitchen, and comes to watch her. She proclaims her new intention of being nothing more than his wife and thinking only of his domestic needs, but he believes it is an insincere tactic to win him back. Trying to prove herself, Tess once again tries to cook breakfast, only to fail because she knows nothing of cooking. Sam tells her this is the first time he is disappointed in her—for going to extremes. He says to her he does not want Tess Harding or "just little Mrs. Craig", but can\'t she be Tess Harding Craig? Tess happily agrees, and they reconcile. Gerald, Tess\' inconsiderate secretary , arrives with a bottle of champagne and reminds Tess of her commitment to launch a ship at 8:30 am. Sam takes Gerald outside, the bottle smashes, and Sam returns claiming to have launched Gerald.'] ["Zack Brown and Miri Linky are roommates in Monroeville, Pennsylvania . They have been friends since the first grade. Despite Miri working at the local shopping mall and Zack working at a coffee shop, they have not paid their utility bills in months, with Zack devoting much of his free time to a fanatic following of the Pittsburgh Penguins and his status in the community amateur hockey team, the Monroeville Zombies. After work, their water gets turned off before they go to their high school reunion. At the reunion, Miri attempts to seduce her attractive former classmate Bobby Long, while Zack strikes up a conversation with Brandon St. Randy, who reveals that he is a gay porn star, and Bobby's boyfriend. After returning home from the reunion, the apartment's electricity is turned off. Inspired by a successful viral video that was filmed by a pair of teenage boys as Miri changed in Zack's place of work for the reunion , and emboldened by the cultural mainstreaming of pornographic entertainment, Zack convinces Miri that they should film a pornographic film to earn money. Gathering a group of acquaintances and hired help as the cast and crew, they decide to film a pornographic Star Wars parody, entitled Star Whores. Delaney, the film's producer and Zack's co-worker, rents film equipment and a building to use as a studio. When they return to the studio after the first night of filming, the building is being demolished, with all the equipment and costumes inside. They are told that the man that rented it to them had run off with the money. Later at the coffee shop where Zack works, he realizes that his boss threatened to install a hidden camera, which Zack finds, and decides to use it to replace their lost film equipment. Zack retools his film to take place in the coffee shop, revamping the film to one with a coffee shop motif, Swallow My Cockuccino, and the group shoots the film after hours. Despite their insistence that they would not let sex with each other affect their friendship, Zack and Miri soon develop romantic feelings for each other. When it comes time for Zack and Miri to have sex on camera, they find that instead of the clinical sex enacted by the actors in the other scenes, their interlude is romantic and heartfelt. Later that evening, Zack and Miri are at home when suddenly their apartment's electricity and water service return. The rest of the actors and crew show up and reveal that they pooled their resources to pay one month of their bills, and have come over to throw them a party. At the party, one of the other actresses, Stacey, asks Miri if it is okay for her to ask Zack to have sex. Although Miri has realized that she has developed feelings for Zack, she tells her it is okay to ask him. When Stacey relates this to Zack, the two retreat to Zack's bedroom, much to Miri's dismay. The next evening, Zack is preparing to film a scene between Stacey and another actor, Lester, that was supposed to have been with Lester and Miri. Zack is dismayed when Miri shows up and insists on shooting the scene as originally planned. In the back room, an incredulous Zack asks if she is doing this as a form of retaliation, pointing out that Stacey told him that Miri did not mind her sleeping with Zack. Miri corrects him, clarifying that she did not mind that Stacey merely made the offer to sleep with him. Perceiving this to have been some type of test, Zack admits that during the sex scene they filmed together, they were actually making love and that there was an emotional connection between them, and that he loves Miri. When Miri does not reciprocate, Zack storms out of the coffee shop, quitting the film and his job, and moves out of the apartment. Three months later, Delaney goes to see Zack, who has moved on to an exterior concessions job at Mellon Arena during Pittsburgh Penguins games. Delaney convinces him to come to Delaney's home to see the unfinished film and help complete it. Zack agrees, and as Delaney and the cameraman Deacon explain, Zack learns that Miri never filmed her sex scene with Lester. Zack goes to Miri's apartment and reveals to her that he never slept with Stacey; instead, they talked about Miri all night. He pours his heart out to Miri, proclaiming his love for her, which she reciprocates. In the epilogue, the audience learns that Zack and Miri are married, and with the help of Delaney and his worker's compensation settlement, they start their own video production company, Zack and Miri Make Your Porno, which makes amateur videos for couples."] ['In 14th century Europe, squires William Thatcher , Roland  and Wat , discover their master, Sir Ector , has died with one final pass to complete to win a jousting tournament. Destitute, William rides in Ector\'s place to win the tournament and secure the prize. Though Roland and Wat wish to take their share of the winnings and leave, William convinces them to train him to joust. Along the way to his first tournament in Rouen, the trio encounters Geoffrey Chaucer , who agrees to forge patents of nobility to allow William to compete as a knight under the assumed name of "Sir Ulrich von Liechtenstein" from Gelderland. After competing in his opening event, William is brought before Simon the Summoner and Peter the Pardoner. Chaucer has a gambling problem and is in their debt, but William orders him released and promises payment. In the course of competition, William\'s armour is damaged. He goads Kate , a female blacksmith, to repair his armour without advance payment and goes on to win the sword event at the tournament. In the joust, he faces a Sir Thomas Colville , who withdraws from the tournament after being injured by William, though they exchange a ceremonial pass so that Colville might retain the honor of never having failed to complete a match. The proceedings are observed by Jocelyn , a noble lady whom William has become infatuated with, and Count Adhemar , a rival both in the joust and for Jocelyn\'s heart. In the final joust of the tournament, William is defeated by Adhemar. Kate joins William\'s party and forges new lightweight armour allowing him greater mobility. In the following tournament, Adhemar and William are both assigned to tilt against Sir Thomas Colville but Adhemar withdraws having discovered his true identity is that of Edward, the Black Prince. Though William also learns of Colville\'s identity, he instead continues the match, further earning Colville\'s respect. William continues to achieve victories as Adhemar is called to the battlefield. He wins Jocelyn\'s heart by first agreeing to lose a tournament for her , and then after finding himself in a terrible deficit, but not eliminated, to win the tournament in her name. The group travels to London for the World Championship. William recalls leaving his father to squire for Sir Ector and learn to become a knight hoping to "change his stars." Adhemar has also arrived in London and announces that he is in negotiations with Jocelyn\'s father for her hand in marriage. William dominates at the tournament and he returns to visit his father, now blind and living alone in Cheapside, but is discovered by Adhemar, who alerts the authorities as to William\'s false identity. William is placed in the stocks but is defended from the hostile crowd by his friends. Just as the mob reaches its frenzy, Prince Edward emerges from the crowd. He declares that William is descended from a noble lineage and knights him "Sir William." William returns to the tournament to face Adhemar in the final match, but Adhemar cheats with an illegal lance, piercing William\'s shoulder and seriously injuring him. Entering the final pass, William is losing by 2 lances. He demands to be stripped of his armour and tilts against Adhemar. With Jocelyn and William\'s father in attendance, William bellows his true name, delivering a crushing blow and knocking Adhemar to the ground, winning the tournament. In the ensuing celebration, Chaucer remarks that he should write this whole story down, as Jocelyn and William embrace.'] ["Harrison  is a struggling freelance writer who becomes the unwilling babysitter of a precocious little six-year-old girl, Jenny , when her mother, Melissa , one of Harrison's former girlfriends whom he hasn't seen in some time, asks him to babysit because Melissa needs to be out of town for several weeks. Harrison is originally unenthusiastic about the arrangement, but soon he develops a tenderness for Jenny. Little Jenny decides that Harrison needs a steady girlfriend and plays matchmaker for Harrison and Holly , a beautiful woman who frequently visits the same coffee shop as Harrison and Jenny.. Harrison later writes stories for Jenny about Mr. Dodo—her favorite stuffed animal. Jenny secretly gets Holly to transcribe the books, and they submit them to his publisher. Eventually, Harrison discovers that he is Jenny's father. Finally, near the end, Harrison tries to get custody of Jenny because of Jenny's uncaring mother."] ["An arrogant wealthy capitalist named Raffaella  is vacationing on a yacht in the Mediterranean Sea with friends—swimming, sunbathing, and talking incessantly about the virtues of her class and the worthlessness of the political left. Her nonstop political monologue infuriates one of the underclass deckhands on her yacht, Gennarino , a dedicated Communist who manages to restrain his opinions to avoid upsetting his boss and losing his good job. Despite her humiliating insults, Gennarino agrees to take her out on a dinghy late in the evening to see the rest of her friends who have gone ahead without her. On their way, the outboard motor gives out, leaving them stranded in the middle of the sea with no land in sight. After a night at sea, Gennarino manages to get the motor running again but has no idea where they are or how to get to land. Eventually they spot an island and head toward it, destroying their dinghy in the process. On land, they discover that there is no one on the island except them, and they are effectively shipwrecked. Accustomed to having everything done for her, Raffaella begins ordering Gennarino about, but this is the final straw for him and he snaps, refusing to assist her any longer. Raffaella reacts with a string of insults, but he gives as good as he gets, and they split up to explore the island on their own. Much better suited to island life than Raffaella, Gennarino is soon catching lobsters and cooking them. Gradually their roles become reversed. While she has to rely on him for food, Gennarino wants her to be his slave, convinced that women are born to serve men. He even forces her to endure the indignity of washing his underwear. When she reacts in angry defiance, he slaps her around. Undeniably attracted to Raffaella, Gennarino attempts to rape her, but then changes his mind, deciding that it would be more satisfying if she gave herself to him willingly. He wants her to fall in love with him, and as their differences are gradually forgotten, they reach a kind of balance, although Gennarino still hits her and she takes the more subservient role. Eventually they spot a ship, and although they are both reluctant to disrupt their newfound paradise, they signal the ship and are rescued. After returning home, they soon revert back to their former lives and social roles—she once again embracing the upper class mores of her friends; he returning to a life of a lower-class worker and husband. They both understand something profound and unsettling about what they've experienced, but Raffaella is unwilling to abandon the society of privilege that has such a strong hold on her. Abandoned by the object of his desires, Gennarino returns defeated to his sad life and loveless marriage—far removed from an idyllic island in the Mediterranean Sea."] ['Hot-headed Winifred "Freddie" Jones  is a saloon singer in the Old West who catches her boyfriend, gambler Blackie Jobero , flirting with another woman and takes a shot at him with the six-shooter she always carries. Unfortunately, she hits a Judge  instead, so she and her friend Conchita  take it on the lam. When they get to a tiny hole-in-the-wall town, Freddie and Conchita are mistaken for the new schoolmarm and her Indian maid. They meet the local muckety-mucks, including wealthy Charles Hingelman , owner of a valuable gold mine, who starts to romance Freddie. When Blackie shows up while tracking Freddie down, complications ensue.<ref nameavg&sql68289&category=Full%20Synopsis Full synopsis]Perkins, Jeremy Plot summary'] ["Cara-Ethyl  is an eccentric and sheltered girl on the eve of her eighteenth birthday who desperately dreams of an exciting life. But she's left with her blind, clueless  mother , a pest of a brother and imaginary friends . All that is changed when the pizza man, Matt Firenze , comes to the door. Soon, Cara-Ethyl persuades Matt to allow her to go with him on his deliveries. As the night progresses, Cara-Ethyl and Matt impart their wisdom and learn from each other, and both are forced to evaluate their lives."] ['The story is set and filmed on Thamesmead, a working class area of South East London dominated by post-war council estates.{{cite news}} Jamie , a teen who is infatuated with his classmate, Ste, has to deal with his single mother Sandra , who is pre-occupied with ambitious plans to run her own pub and with an ever-changing string of lovers, the latest of whom is Tony , a neo-hippie. Sandra finds herself at odds with Leah , a sassy and rude neighbour who has been expelled from school, does several drugs, and constantly listens and sings along to her mother\'s Cass Elliot records. While Jamie\'s homosexuality remains concealed, his introvert nature and dislike of football are reason enough for his classmates to bully him at every opportunity. Ste , who is living together with his drug-dealing brother and abusive, alcoholic father in the flat next door, is one night beaten by his brother so badly that Sandra takes pity and lets him sleep over. In the absence of a third bed, Ste has to make do with sleeping \'top-to-toe\' with Jamie. On the second night they share a bed: after a massage and a minor conversation, the boys soon change sleeping arrangements and Jamie kisses Ste for the first time. The next morning, Ste panics and leaves before Jamie awakens, avoiding him for days. Jamie works up the nerve to steal a Gay Times from a newsagent, apparently starting to accept his sexuality and affection for Ste. Jamie finally spots Ste at a nearby party and confronts him; they prepare to leave together. The party ends badly, with Sandra taking vengeance on Leah for gossiping, who then threatens to \'spill the beans\' about Ste and Jamie and confesses to having covered up for Ste in front of his father and brother. Ste reacts poorly, angrily rejecting Jamie and running away. Slowly, Ste accepts Jamie\'s love and their relationship begins to develop as they visit a gay pub together. Sandra follows them and discovers their secret, and the film reaches its climax as a bad trip by Leah  precipitates Sandra\'s breakup with Tony; the news of Sandra\'s new job comes out; and Sandra confronts Ste and Jamie. Sandra comes to accept her son\'s relationship. The film ends with the two boys slow-dancing in the courtyard of their council flats to the Cass Elliot song "Dream a Little Dream of Me", while a guarding Sandra dances defiantly at their side with Leah as the local residents look on; some of them shocked, some of them enjoying the moment themselves.'] ["Marcos comes to Madrid to live with his aunt and uncle and work in their restaurant. He dreams of opening a restaurant of his own one day and of finding love. Love he finds in Daniel, a struggling young actor. The two quickly fall into a torrid relationship and Marcos moves in with Daniel. Their love is symbolized by a poster of Boy George that Marcos gives to Daniel, to commemorate where they first kissed . One night the couple is at a karaoke bar and, while they sing a duet, Marcos is injured by a falling disco ball. When he awakens the next day, he is no longer in love with Daniel and has even seemingly become straight. Although he tries for a short time to maintain a relationship with Daniel, eventually he moves back in with his family. He meets Marisol, a Dominican immigrant, and they fall in love. Desperate to win Marcos back, Daniel hatches a crazy scheme. He'll dress as a woman and win Marcos away from Marisol. His plan, inevitably, backfires and Daniel is humiliated. The film ends several years in the future. Marcos and Daniel run into each other at an airport and catch up. Marcos has opened his own restaurant and he and Marisol are married with several children. Daniel has become a movie star and has also gotten a happy romantic ending, pointing out his new love - Boy George ."] ['Jack  is a thirty-something New York City advertising executive, living a life forged from routine. He is successful and stylish... and extremely bored. Jack meets Jill  by chance on a rooftop. Jill is looking for an apartment and asks Jack for directions. Jack suggests Jill\'s name for an ad shoot. Later he drives Jill to her apartment and realizes the neighborhood may not be all that safe. He helps Jill move out of her place and the two move in together by week\'s end. The pair pieces together a playful manifesto of "rules to live by." Jack\'s best friend and business partner, George , notices a more playful side to Jack\'s usual cynicism, and wants to meet the cause. Jill\'s free-spirited nature causes some friction, however. When her long absences go unexplained, Jack forces Jill to confess that her disappearances are a result of the treatment she needs for cystic fibrosis, an ultimately terminal illness. Jack is furious with Jill for violating their pact of honesty, and they break up. A talk with his father Norman  incites Jack to find Jill. Jack tracks down her wacky friend, Lucy , and pleads his case. Convinced that he truly loves Jill, Lucy admits that Jill is catching a Greyhound bus cross-country to Hollywood. Jack reevaluates his life, and just as he quits his job, a bomb threat is called in at his work. Jack goes outside and George tells him that the bomb threat was called in by someone who wants to fight ugliness. Jack realizes that the culprit has to be Jill. The two make up, and with their new dog in tow, they hit the highway... with no destination in sight except for a life together.  Rule 1 Be honest Rule 2 Believe in fairy tales Rule 3 Accept time as our friend Rule 4 Make sure the nooky is good Rule 5 Promote beauty. Wage a sustained campaign against ugliness Rule 6 Abandon the pursuit of happiness and its false promise Rule 7 Show compassion, except to pirates Rule 8 Less TV Rule 9 Always be willing to admit when you\'re wrong'] ['The film follows Max Normane, a successful literary editor, who wants to have a child alone. She offers to publish Jake Buckley , a struggling writer, in exchange for his sperm for artificial insemination.'] ['Joe Banks  is a downtrodden everyman from Staten Island, working in a factory for an unpleasant, demanding boss, Frank Waturi . Joyless, listless, and chronically sick, Banks regularly visits doctors who can find nothing wrong with him. Finally, Dr. Ellison  diagnoses an incurable disease called a "brain cloud" which has no symptoms and will kill Joe within six months. Ellison says that Joe\'s ailments were psychosomatic, caused by his horrific experiences in his previous job as a fireman. Ellison advises him, "You have some life left... live it well." Joe tells his boss off, quits his job, and asks former co-worker DeDe  out on a date. It goes quite well until he tells her that he is dying. She becomes very upset and leaves. The next day, a wealthy industrialist named Samuel Graynamore  unexpectedly makes Joe a proposition. Graynamore needs "bubaru",Alternate spelling may be "boobaroo". a mineral essential for the manufacturing of superconductors. There are deposits of it on the tiny Pacific island of Waponi Woo. The resident Waponis will let him mine it if he can solve a problem for them. They believe that the volcano on their island must be appeased by a voluntary human sacrifice once every century, but none of the Waponis are willing to volunteer this time around. Graynamore offers Joe credit cards to pay for whatever he wants to enjoy his final days, as long as he is willing to jump into the volcano at the end, recommending he "live like a king, die like a man." With nothing to lose, Joe accepts. Joe spends a day and a night out on the town in New York, where he solicits advice on everything from style to living life to the fullest from his wise chauffeur Marshall . Joe purchases four top-of-the-line, handcrafted, waterproof steamer trunks from a fanatically dedicated luggage salesman . Joe then flies to Los Angeles, where he is met by one of Graynamore\'s daughters, Angelica , a flighty socialite who labels herself a "flibbertigibbet". The next morning, Angelica takes Joe to a yacht, the Tweedledee, owned by her father. The captain is her half-sister Patricia . She had reluctantly agreed to take Joe to Waponi Woo after Graynamore promised to give her the yacht in return. After an awkward beginning, Joe and Patricia begin to bond. Then they run into a typhoon. Patricia is knocked unconscious and flung overboard. While Joe jumps in after her, sinister lightning strikes and sinks the yacht. Fortunately, Joe is able to construct a raft by lashing together his steamer trunks. Patricia does not regain consciousness for several days. Joe doles out the small supply of water to her, while he gradually becomes delirious from thirst. Joe experiences a revelation during his delirium and thanks God for his life. When Patricia finally awakens, she is deeply touched by Joe\'s self-sacrifice. They then find that they have fortuitously drifted to their destination. The Waponis treat them to a grand feast. Their chief  asks one last time if anyone else will volunteer, but there are no takers and Joe heads for the volcano. Patricia tries to stop him, declaring her love for him. He admits he loves her as well, "but the timing stinks." Patricia gets the chief to marry them. Afterwards, Patricia refuses to be separated from Joe. When he is unable to dissuade her, they jump in together, but the volcano erupts at that moment, blowing them out into the ocean. The island sinks, but Joe and Patricia land near their trusty steamer trunks. At first ecstatic about their miraculous salvation, Joe puts a damper on things by telling Patricia about his fatal brain cloud. She recognizes the name of Joe\'s doctor as that of her father\'s crony and realizes that Joe has been lied to. He is not dying and they can live happily ever after . During the credits, Joe and Patricia are shown being rescued by a boat in a background picture format.'] ["A plane-load of passengers are stranded in distant Ganganagar in rural India as their plane is unable to take off due to technical problems. The Airport Manager is S.R. Khan , intoxicated and belligerent at most times, gets to meet his former sweetheart, Gulab Khan , in the company of her husband; his wise-cracking Sikh Assistant, Ram Saran Dubey , whose mother is a Sardarni, while his dad is from Bihar; An estranged father, Sunil Wadhwa , and his wife try to pacify their daughter into accepting their imminent separation; while Italian Siddharth  has only a few hours to make up his mind who he wants to marry, Anita Ahuja or Manju Narang, who both happen to be cousins, and both aggressively want to be his wife; The Pilot Captain Vikram Sinha  is shattered when he gets the news that his affair with air-hostess, Raj , has resulted in a much avoidable pregnancy; and Internet lovers Farha and Rahul finally meet - only to come to face with reality as Farha's father does not approve of her affair with Rahul, and does not want her to come home. Farha also goes missing then. All this happens in the midst of a mysterious male who is asleep on a bench in the Airport Lounge, and he is not to be disturbed under any circumstances. The mysterious male turns out to be Farha's famous idol Shahrukh Khan, who persuades her to go back home with Raj, and makes sure that their parents approve it."] ['The movie is set around a small group of characters experiencing relationships which build and crumble before the viewers eyes. The title of the film refers to the belief, expressed by several of characters, that the goldfish retains a memory of something for only three seconds. Tom, one of the principal characters in the film, draws comparisons between this and the human tendency to jump from one relationship to the next, "forgetting" the pain that any previous one might have caused. The film shows complexities involved in straight, gay, lesbian, and bisexual relationships. Writer/director Liz Gill says the film was influenced by the work of directors Robert Altman and Richard Linklater, particularly Linklater\'s film Slacker.'] ["Financier J.B. Allenbury is determined to file a $2 million libel suit against The Morning Star when the newspaper prints a story claiming his daughter Connie was responsible for the breakup of a marriage. Anxious to save his paper from financial ruin, editor Curtis Farwood enlists the help of business manager Warren Haggerty, who postpones his marriage to Gladys Benton in order to assist his employer. Warren's convoluted scheme involves having reporter Bill Chandler temporarily marry Gladys so he can sue him for alienation of affection when a photograph of Bill and Connie Allenbury surfaces. In order to get the damaging picture, Bill must ingratiate himself with the Allenburys, who are vacationing at the Hotel Del Rey in Mexico. He heads south of the border with Spike Dolan and introduces himself to the Allenburys as a writer who enjoys hunting, which is J.B.'s favorite hobby. As time passes and Bill fails to get himself photographed with Connie, Gladys and Warren become increasingly impatient. Warren suspects Bill has become romantically involved with Connie and flies to Mexico in the hope he can persuade her and her father to drop their lawsuit. When they refuse to comply, Warren telephones Gladys, who arrives at the resort and tells J.B. she is married to Bill. When he reports this news to his daughter, Connie decides to prove him wrong by demading Bill marry her immediately, and the two are wed by a justice of the peace. When Warren and Gladys threaten to expose Bill as a bigamist, Bill announces he has learned her mail-order divorce from Joseph Simpson was not legally binding and she still is married to him, only to learn Gladys was divorced in Reno as well. The Allenburys finally agree to drop their lawsuit and Warren and Gladys realize they are meant to be together."] ['Sunny Ann Davis is a seemingly ditzy blonde who works as a cocktail waitress in Washington, D.C. She rents a small room in the home of a gay couple, has a lousy love life and drives a rust bucket of a car that she cannot afford to repair. The car breaks down, blocking the route of a diplomatic convoy that is traveling to the White House. Unsympathetic to Sunny\'s predicament, the Diplomatic Security Service treat the incident as a possible security threat and move into full security mode, guns drawn. Sunny is naive to the seriousness of her situation, concerned only that she will now be late for work. At the Safari Club where Sunny works, her night is getting worse. Her date cancels and she is forced to wear an emu suit because all of the other costumes are now taken by waitresses who arrived on time. She hates the costume because it invites unwanted sexual propositions. Even though she is "so broke," she refuses an offer from a patron requesting special "favors" in return for cash, as well as a loan from a waitress friend, Ella. On her way home, Sunny is curious about the media attention surrounding a gala dinner, so she stops to watch the dignitaries leaving the event. A man of Middle Eastern descent rudely pushes past her. Sunny feels something hard in his coat pocket. She asks if he has a gun. To her horror, he does. A shot is fired, but Sunny prevents him taking aim at his target by biting his arm. In the ensuing commotion, both Sunny and the gunman are forced to the ground and another shot is fired. Sunny cries out, realizing she has been shot. Through news media reports, we learn that Sunny has been taken to the hospital and is being lauded as a heroine. She has prevented the assassination of a visiting Emir, who had been in Washington to further relations between the US and his "small, but strategic Middle Eastern country." Doctors remove a bullet from Sunny\'s left buttock. While recovering, she finds herself thrust into public adoration, receiving mail from celebrities and countless marriage proposals. Michael Ransome, a Middle Eastern desk chief from the State Department, pays a visit to help Sunny get through her first press conference since the shooting. Sunny answers each question about her life with humor and charm, revealing herself to be hugely likeable, intelligent and patriotic. She also reveals that she has never voted, preferring to consider herself as just an American, rather than any political label. Back at the White House, politicians Crowe and Hilley are watching the conference. They joke that if Sunny is to be believed, she could run for office because of her appeal to so many large groups of voters, including working women, small town folk, senior citizens, gays, the "law-and-order bunch," baseball fans, barflys and animal lovers. They contact the President of the United States , and arrange for him to call Sunny at the hospital. The Emir whose life Sunny saved was being wooed by the US, which wants to establish a military base in his country because of its ideal geographic location in the Middle East. He decides that he will allow the US to build its base in his country — on the proviso that they allow him to claim Sunny as another wife. Without the President\'s knowledge, the State Department decides to trade Sunny for the base without her knowledge. The Vice President of the United States offers her a job within the Protocol Department of the Government. She has to look up what "protocol" means in a dictionary, but when she realizes he is offering her a well-paying job, she accepts. Sunny approaches her new job with nervous excitement, She attends formal dinners and meets dignitaries from foreign countries. At one dinner, she is introduced to Nawaf Al Kabeer, who thanks Sunny on behalf of the Emir, and presents a car to her, as a thank-you gift from the Emir. She returns it, having researched that as a government employee, she is unable to accept gifts. But this act infuriates both the Emir and the State Department. Sunny is unaware that in the Emir\'s country, the local population is aware that Sunny is to be a new Queen, and anger is growing. Sunny is told that the Emir wants to meet her personally, and that she is to "show him a good time." She looks upon this invitation as a way to help her old boss Lou  by arranging a party at his failing Safari Club, where she used to work. Lou has not closed the bar to his regular patrons and Sunny has invited friends of her own. The party gets out of control, the Police make arrests and all of this is filmed by the media. Ambassador St. John sees this as a perfect opportunity to finally make the trade. She tells Sunny to go with the Emir to "represent her country" and make amends. Sunny arrives in the Emir\'s country to find a painted mural of herself in wedding attire. She realizes it\'s a set-up, that she was traded so the US could build its base. The Emir confirms this. Unable to produce sons, he needs a new wife. Before an angry Sunny can respond, a violent coup d\'état takes place in the Emir\'s country of Otah, and the two are forced to flee. Back in the US, the government denies knowledge of the trade and the public is now questioning whether Sunny knew all along of the plan. She must also face a Congressional inquiry to find out the truth. Ransome quits his job in disgust at what was done to Sunny. At the inquiry, Sunny cuts the proceedings short by accepting blame, having taken an important job without fully understanding the political affairs of her country. But she reminds everyone that leaders have a responsibility toward the people. She warns the political powers in the room that, from now on, she will watch all of them "like a hawk." Two years later, Sunny has married Ransome and they have a baby. She is also running for Congress in her hometown of Diamond Junction in Oregon, and gets a call telling her that she has won.'] ["At the age of ten, young genius Henry James Herman , a boy who was conceived in a petri dish and raised by his feminist mother, decides his mother's love is not enough. After discovering he has a half sister, he follows a string of Post-It notes in hopes of finding his biological father. His father, Dr. O'Hara , is overcome with feelings of guilt and depression, but finds hope at the news he has a son."] ['Violet  is forty, fabulous, and the ultimate fag hag. Fed up with up with being single, she decides to distance herself from her gay friends in order to find a straight boyfriend.'] ['In 2805, Earth is covered in garbage due to decades of mass consumerism facilitated by the megacorporation Buy n Large. BnL evacuated Earth\'s population in fully automated starliners in 2105, leaving behind trash compactor Waste Allocation Load Lifter – Earth Class “WALL-E” robots to clean the planet, but they eventually stopped operating and Earth was left abandoned. One WALL-E unit has managed to remain active by repairing itself using parts from other broken units. It has also developed sentience, as with its regular duties it inquisitively collects artifacts of human civilization back to its storage truck home, has befriended a cockroach and enjoys listening to Hello, Dolly! One day, WALL-E discovers and collects a growing seedling plant. A spaceship later lands and deploys Extraterrestrial Vegetation Evaluator or “EVE”, an advanced robot sent from the BnL starliner Axiom to search for vegetation on Earth. Inspired by Hello, Dolly!, WALL-E falls in love with the initially cold and hostile EVE and wishes to join hands with her, who gradually softens and befriends him. When WALL-E brings EVE to his truck and showcases his collection, she finds the plant and automatically stores it, going into standby mode for retrieval from her ship. WALL-E spends time with EVE while she is on standby. He then clings to the hull of EVE\'s ship as it collects and returns her to the Axiom. On the Axiom, the ship\'s original human passengers and their descendants have suffered from severe bone loss and become morbidly obese after centuries of living in microgravity and relying on the ship\'s automated systems for most tasks. Captain B. McCrea, in charge of the ship, mostly leaves control to the robotic autopilot Auto. WALL-E follows EVE to the bridge of the Axiom, where the Captain learns that by putting the plant in the spaceship holo-detector and verifying Earth is habitable again, the Axiom will make a hyperjump back to Earth so the passengers can recolonize. However, Auto orders McCrea\'s robotic assistant GO-4 to steal the plant as part of its no return directive, secretly issued to autopilots after BnL incorrectly concluded in 2110 that the planet could not be saved and humanity should remain in space. With the plant missing, EVE is considered defective and taken to the repair ward along with WALL-E. WALL-E mistakes the process on EVE for torture and tries to save her, accidentally releasing a horde of malfunctioning robots, while the security systems then designate both WALL-E and EVE as rogue. Angry with WALL-E\'s disruptions, EVE brings him to the escape pod bay to send him home. There they witness GO-4 dispose of the missing plant by placing it inside a pod set to self-destruct. WALL-E enters the pod, which is then jettisoned into space, escaping with the plant before the pod explodes. Reconciling with EVE, they celebrate with a dance in space outside the Axiom. Meanwhile the Captain, learning from the ship\'s computer, becomes fascinated about life on Earth before its pollution and abandonment. The plant is brought to the captain, who surveys EVE\'s recordings of Earth and concludes that mankind must return to restore their home. However, Auto reveals his directive, staging a mutiny by tasering WALL-E, incapacitating EVE and confining the captain to his quarters. EVE realizes the only parts for repairing WALL-E are in his truck on Earth, so she helps him bring the plant to the holo-detector to activate the Axiom{{\'}}s hyperjump. Captain McCrea opens the holo-detector while fighting with Auto and causing chaos on the ship, but Auto partially crushes WALL-E by closing the holo-detector on him. After McCrea disables Auto and takes back control, EVE places the plant in the holo-detector, freeing the severely damaged WALL-E and setting the Axiom on the instant hyperjump to Earth. The human population finally lands back on Earth after hundreds of years. EVE brings WALL-E back to his home where she successfully repairs and reactivates him, but he reverts to his original programming as an unfeeling waste compactor. Heartbroken, EVE gives WALL-E a farewell kiss that jolts back WALL-E\'s memory and personality. WALL-E and EVE happily reunite as the humans and robots of the Axiom begin to restore Earth and its environment, shown through a series of artworks at the end.  *Ben Burtt produced the voice of WALL-E , the title character. WALL-E, a robot who has developed sentience, is the only robot of "his" kind shown to be still functioning on Earth. He is a small mobile compactor box with all-terrain treads, three-fingered shovel hands, binocular eyes, and retractable solar cells for power. He collects spare parts for himself, which becomes pivotal to the plot, and replaces broken and/or worn out parts on-the-fly by cannibalizing "dead" WALL-Es. Although working diligently to fulfill his directive to clean up the garbage  he is distracted by his curiosity, collecting trinkets of interest. He stores and displays these "treasures" such as a birdcage full of rubber ducks, a Rubik\'s Cube, Zippo lighters, disposable cups filled with plastic cutlery and a golden trophy at his home where he examines and categorizes his finds while watching video cassettes of musicals via an iPod viewed through a huge magnifier. **Burtt is also credited for the voice of M-O , as well as most of the other robots. M-O is a tiny, obsessive compulsive maintenance robot with rollers for hands who keeps Axiom clean. When M-O meets WALL-E and sees how filthy he is, he deviates from his normal routine and follows WALL-E, cleaning up behind him. When he follows WALL-E to the garbage bay, he inadvertently but fortuitously saves WALL-E and EVE from being blown into the vacuum of space. He then forms a close friendship with Wall-E and aids the two in retrieving the plant, most notably through using his contaminant detecting vision when Wall-E drops the plant. Back on Earth, he ushers the other robots into giving WALL•E and EVE some privacy as they share a tender moment. *Elissa Knight as EVE , a sleek robot probe whose directive is to locate vegetation on Earth and verify habitability. She has a glossy white egg-shaped body and blue LED eyes. She moves using antigravity technology and is equipped with scanners, specimen storage and a plasma cannon in her arm, which she is quick to use. When first deployed on Earth she appears devoid of feeling but as the craft that delivered her blasts off and away she springs to life with gleeful flight. Watching her, WALL-E accidentally draws her attention as she sets about following her directive growing ever more impatient with both her lack of success and with WALL-E\'s constant monitoring. This shared strength of feeling soon connects the two characters. *Jeff Garlin as Captain B. McCrea, the commander, and apparently only, officer on the Axiom. His duties as captain are boring daily routines, with the ship\'s autopilot handling all true command functions. Meeting WALL-E, however, sparks his interest in Earth and he becomes engrossed in researching the home planet, paving the way for his retaking control of the ship back from the Autopilot. *Fred Willard as Shelby Forthright, historical CEO of the Buy n Large Corporation, shown only in videos recorded around the time of the Axiom{{\'}}s initial launch. Constantly optimistic, Forthright proposed the evacuation plans, then to clean up and recolonize the planet. However, the corporation gave up after realizing how toxic Earth had become. Forthright is the only live action character with a speaking role, the first in any Pixar film. *MacInTalk, the text-to-speech program for the Apple Macintosh, was used for the voice of Auto, the rogue autopilot artificial intelligence built into the ship. Unlike other robots in the film, Auto is not influenced by WALL-E, instead following directive A113, which is to prevent the Axiom and the humans from returning to Earth because of the toxicity, and he will prevent anyone from deviating from it. The robot\'s design is a homage to HAL 9000 from 2001: A Space Odyssey, featuring a HAL-style red "eye" in the center of his body.{{citation needed|datenotes/>'] ['Art Dodge , a former artist, is struggling to make ends meet with his art gallery, ignoring bills and delaying to pay his assistant Gloria  and his artist Manny . To survive, he is reading the obituaries and trying to convince the widows that the deceased purchased a painting shortly before dying. Things take an ugly turn when Art is trying this scam with mobster Gene  whose father just died. Not only does Gene not fall for it, but he tries to have his henchmen beat Art up. Art barely escapes by hiding in the Rolls Royce of Betty Kerner, Gene\'s estranged two-time ex-wife and wealthy heiress. Betty is excited about helping the handsome stranger, and the two end up shortly thereafter making love. Betty being very impulsive, she wants to marry Art in two weeks. Because of the heiress fortune the news immediately makes the tabloids. Stuck between Betty who won\'t change her mind and Gene who still loves his ex-wife, Art doesn\'t like the idea of getting married with such short notice but decides to play along for now. One morning, at Betty\'s mansion, Art seductively enters her shower naked, only to realize it\'s not Betty who\'s in there but her sister Liz , an art professor. If Art is attracted to Liz, she stays very cold and distant, seeing him as nothing more than a gigolo who hit the jackpot. Art decides to invent a fake twin brother Bart  who is allegedly a painter who just got back from Italy. Bart and Liz instantly hit it off while Gene still tries to romance Betty. Bart and Liz can\'t stop talking about everything, he plays with her dog and even invites her to Manny\'s studio when he\'s not in, pretending to show her his art. When Liz\'s favorite painting in the studio turns out to have been actually made by Art , Bart gives her the painting. Thanks to his imaginary twin brother, Art manages to pursue a romance with both sisters. Because the two "twin brothers" must never be in the same place at the same time, it however involves a lot of running around, coming up with a lot of excuses and enlisting a very reluctant Gloria\'s help. One evening he needs to go out two separate dates with both Betty and Liz. At the restaurant with Betty, he decides to drug her wine, much to the horror of the sommelier . This allows him to cut the date short and put a very sleepy Betty to bed. He then goes out with Liz  and ends up making love to her. The next morning, Art/Bart has to run back and forth between the two sister\'s bedrooms  as he\'s supposed to be with them both at the same time. In the evening before the wedding, Art spots Gene\'s two henchmen around his house and manages to escape them thanks to his dad\'s help . He tries to spend the night at Gloria\'s but he discovers she started dating Manny. Manny however gives him the keys to his studio where he can spend the night. At the studio, Art starts to paint again when he is interrupted by Gene\'s henchmen who found him and start beating him up, before Gene shows up. When Art proposes Gene to leave town, Gene tells him to go ahead with the wedding and threatens to break one bone for each tear Betty cries. After they leave, Liz arrives to the studio, thinking Bart got beat up. When Bart tells her he is Art, that he fell in love when he saw her in the shower and tries to kiss her, Liz thinks Art is trying to make a pass at her, not realizing Bart doesn\'t exist. On the wedding day, Liz tells Bart his "brother" tried to kiss her, and that the wedding should be called off. Bart needs to "confront" Art in a study alone, with Liz and Gene listening outside -and, unbeknownst to anyone, also by Betty through the phone. When Gene enters the study, he confronts a lonely Art, and again threatens him if he doesn\'t marry Betty. He tells him that what Art or even himself want is irrelevant, and that the only thing that matters is Betty\'s happiness. During the wedding ceremony, Betty, shaken by Gene\'s selfless devotion, calls the wedding off and falls in Gene\'s arms acknowledging she still love him too. Gene and Betty elope. In the general confusion, Liz sees her dog wanting to play with Art and realizes Art and Bart are the same person. Bart then go see Liz, telling her a fake excuse to "go back to Italy" , adding he\'s not worthy of her. A few month later, Art\'s gallery has experienced a dramatic turnaround  and is now very successful. At the inauguration of his work, Art notices Liz who still has feeling for him but is not sure who he is really. Art manages to convince her he is the one she had feelings for, and the movie ends with the two happily walking in the street, hand in hand.'] ['Paige Morgan  is a pre-medical student at University of Wisconsin-Madison. Denmark\'s Prince Edvard , on the other hand, shirks his princely duties  by instead racing sports cars. While watching television after a cabinet meeting, Edvard sees a commercial for a reality show set in Wisconsin called College Girls Gone Wild, featuring drunken co-eds flashing their breasts. After meeting with his parents, King Haraald , and Queen Rosalind , Edvard announces his intentions to attend college in America - specifically, Wisconsin. While his parents do not want him to go, Edvard tells them he will go with or without their consent, and that he does not want any help or money. The King then dispatches Edvard\'s assistant, Søren , to chaperone the trip to America. When Edvard arrives at the university, he orders Søren keep his identity a secret, and to call him "Eddie." Also, his limo nearly hits Paige. Later at a bar Eddie sees Paige again, where he flirts with her. Eddie then asks Paige to take off her shirt, like the girls in the College Girls Gone Wild advertisement did. Paige angrily drenches Eddie with the drink hose, and bouncers escort Eddie  from the bar. To Paige\'s annoyance, she and Eddie are also assigned as lab partners for an organic chemistry class. Since the class is important for Paige\'s medical school ambitions, she warns Eddie to not get in her way, and reprimands him after he sleeps through one of their lab experiments. After running out of money, Eddie gets a job in the deli section of the bar, even using Paige as a reference. Paige reluctantly helps him during his first day. Eddie later asks her out, but she refuses. After Eddie helps Paige learn how to interpret Shakespeare, Paige is goaded by a friend to invite him to her home for Thanksgiving. While there, Eddie takes part in a lawn mower race, even beating the Morgan family\'s rival. However, a fistfight ensues. After patching up his wounds, Eddie and Paige kiss. Back at school after the Thanksgiving break, Eddie and Paige sneak off to the library stacks to pursue a romantic encounter of unspecified nature. While there, the Danish paparazzi appear, begin taking photographs and reveal his royal identity. After confronting Eddie, Paige leaves him. At the end of the day, Eddie is notified by his mother that his father is very ill, leading him to return home. While Paige faces a panel of professors questioning her about Shakespeare and love, she realizes that she loves Edvard and runs to find him, only to discover that he has already left for Denmark. She goes after him, and upon arriving in Copenhagen her trip is delayed, as a parade honoring the royal family is blocking traffic. Paige is recognized by the crowd, and Edvard finds her and takes her to the castle on horseback. The queen objects to Edvard\'s choice to marry Paige, but the king tells him that if he loves Paige, he should marry her. Edvard proposes and Paige accepts. Paige struggles with conforming to the lifestyle of royalty, however, the queen warms to her. Then, she takes Paige to a little room with jewelry to get ready for the coronation ball. During the coronation ball, Edvard and Paige share their first dance and then sneak off together. After being left alone, Paige remembers her dream for Doctors Without Borders. When Edvard returns, she tells him that she does not want to sacrifice her dreams, and that she cannot be queen. She then returns to Wisconsin and graduates from college, where she has been accepted to Johns Hopkins School of Medicine. Edvard arrives after the graduation, where he admits that he would be willing to wait to marry her until she finishes medical school and achieves her dreams. She confesses that Denmark may not be ready for a queen like her, but he says that he is, leading them to kiss passionately.'] ["Rupert Marshetta and his accomplice and lover Carla kidnap Rupert's father to gain access to family money, but nobody in the family wants his father back. They find out that his father has already sold the land without the knowledge of his family. The police arrest Pam, but they cannot find Rupert and his father. He takes his father to the mine, where police find them before he fits an explosive device to break open the portable toilet where he thinks his father has hidden the money. Everybody escapes the explosion."] ['On her way home after losing her job, Ally Darling comes across a magazine article entitled "What\'s Your Number?", which asks the reader to calculate how many people she has slept with. Realizing that her number is double the average, Ally decides to track down all of her ex-boyfriends in the hope that one of them will have grown into the man she wants to marry, and therefore the number of men she has slept with will never have to increase. With the help of her womanizing neighbor Colin Shea, she manages to find all of her exes, but things do not quite work out the way she had expected.'] ['Boris Plots, director of Plots Funeral Homes in the fictional Welsh village of Wrottin Powys, dreamed of only two things as a young boy: dancing and Betty. Betty secretly loved Boris, but could not fight her father\'s wishes, so she was married off to a gold digger. Boris gave up his dreams and took over the family\'s undertaking business. Everything has remained status quo in their lives until Betty\'s mother-in-law dies. Boris and Betty are thrust together again and as they discuss the funeral arrangements for Betty\'s mother-in-law, the old spark is rekindled. Her funeral will be held at Plots Funeral Homes, much to the chagrin of rival funeral director, Frank Featherbed. Featherbed, an American, is determined to revolutionise the undertaking business in Britain through the innovation of "theme" funerals. Boris discovers that the only obstacle between their love for one another, is her marriage to the two-timing Mayor. In a desperate bid for happiness Boris and Betty decide to stage her death and run away together.'] ['The story revolves around Bill , an overweight, middle-aged man dissatisfied with himself and his life. He works at his father-in-law, Mr. Jacoby\'s  bank, where he has a meaningless, made-up job, and his in-laws don\'t take him seriously, especially his brother-in-law. Jacoby is a pillar in the community and is considering a mayoral run. Bill and Jess, his wife  live in a house provided by her father and lead a comfortable lifestyle. Bill is trying to purchase a doughnut franchise with the Whitmans , a friendly married couple who own the franchise business. Bill\'s interest in purchasing a franchise is an attempt to wean himself and his wife off Jacoby\'s finances. At a public donation ceremony sponsored by his in-laws, Bill first meets "the Kid" , a spunky and easygoing teenager, who is running from the school principal. In the hallway, after the principal suggests a school mentoring program, he sees his wife talking with Chip Johnson , the local, pompous newscaster. Bill begins to get mildly suspicious, and also begins to "mentor" the Kid. Before a hunting trip with his in-laws and their pupils, he places a hidden camera in his and Jess\' bedroom, and learns that his wife is having an affair with Chip. In a rage, he shows her the camera, the two argue causing Jess to seek Chip and tell him about the tape, where Bill ends up beating him up. An online video of the tape later circulates the bank, furthering Bill and Jess\' embarrassment, particularly concerning Jess\' offensive comments to Chip about Bill, their sex life and his penis size. Jess fears the video could ruin her father\'s mayoral bid and tries to conceal the news of her affair and the video from him. Bill becomes well known as Chip\'s "deranged fan", with random people frequently yelling "Apologize!" at him throughout the film, a reference to him punching Chip and asking Chip to "Apologize!" while on the air. Bill moves in with Sargeant , his successful younger brother. Sargeant\'s boyfriend Paul  encourages Bill to take up swimming, a former pastime of Bill\'s. He starts doing so & it helps clear his mind. He continues mentoring the Kid, who sees the best in Bill, and the Kid devises a plan to win back Bill\'s wife. Introducing the lingerie salesgirl Lucy , he makes it appear as if Lucy and Bill are romantically involved, a plot to make Jess jealous. Meanwhile, Bill is still trying to get the doughnut franchise, but Jess is required as co-partner and so Bill and the Kid have Lucy act as Bill\'s wife. Bill slowly begins to get a hand on his life again, cutting his addiction to sweets, losing weight, swimming daily, mentoring the Kid, and trying to win back Jess. At a family dinner, Bill volunteers to buy the fireworks for the \'club picnic\' where his father-in-law intends to announce that he is running for Mayor. After a party with the Kid, Lucy and her friend, Bill attends the picnic at the golf course. At the picnic, Bill gets close to his wife and Chip. Chip promptly has security throw Bill out of the picnic , which the Whitmans witness. Bill tells the Kid to meet him at the back entrance, and while driving his car to the back of the golf course, he gets into a car accident, causing the fireworks to explode early. The Kid comes on a golfing cart, takes Bill to the hospital, where Jess shows up, and tells her husband that she\'s aware of his attempt to purchase the franchise. They end up discussing their marriage, where Bill reveals his unhappiness and his dislike of their dependence on her father\'s money and concludes "our lives suck". After making vague decisions, Bill goes home and stares into a mirror. Seeing what his life has become, he cuts his hair  and changes his wardrobe. He later visits Jacoby at his office and hands in his resignation, pointing out that he doesn\'t fit in nor belong in the company. His father-in-law understands and accepts his resignation. Jacoby commends Bill for attacking Chip, as he explains that he would\'ve done the same if he were in that situation. Despite his daughter\'s attempt to conceal the news, it\'s implied that Jacoby knew about it long before, possibly when the online video circulated around the bank. Bill meets the Whitmans and is surprised to see Jess, who is clearing up the misunderstanding. Jess convinces the Whitmans to let the couple buy the franchise. During a private conversation, Bill confesses that he was going to call off the deal. He has a change of heart and lets the purchase go through, allowing Jess to keep the business. They reconcile their differences and agree to go their separate ways, putting their house up for sale. The film ends with Bill coming to the Kid\'s school to say goodbye, as he\'s excited to start a new, unknown chapter in his life. He says goodbye with the promise to keep in touch, and tells the Kid to look in his locker. The locker explodes with fireworks, much to the Kid\'s delight.'] ["Gus Bishop is a talented but failing New York painter who lacks the marketing savvy to make it in today's art world. After getting pick-pocketed in the subway, Gus' destiny is turned over into the hands of Deech—who promptly burglarizes his home and steals his paintings. To capitalize on his stolen goods, Deech generates interest in Gus' work by creating Geoffrey Boiardi, a fictional artist with a fascinating profile. Geoffrey becomes an overnight sensation while Gus is forced into the shadows of the ever-illusive rising star."] ["The story is told in three main arcs, with almost all of it occurring during a 24-month period beginning and ending at Thanksgiving parties hosted by Hannah  and her husband, Elliot . Hannah serves as the stalwart hub of the narrative; her own story as a successful actress  is somewhat secondary, but most of the events of the film connect to her. An adulterous romance between Elliot and one of Hannah's sisters, Lee , provides the main romantic entanglement of the film. Elliot attributes this to his discontent with his wife's self-sufficiency and resentment of her emotional strength. Lee has lived for five years with a reclusive artist, Frederick , who is much older. She finds her relationship with Frederick no longer intellectually or sexually stimulating, in spite of  Frederick's professed interest in continuing to teach her. She leaves Frederick, much to his sorrow, after he discovers  her affair with Elliot. For the remainder of the year between the first and second Thanksgiving gatherings, Elliot and Lee carry on their affair despite Elliot's lingering inability to end his marriage to Hannah. Lee finally ends the affair during the second Thanksgiving, explaining that she is finished waiting for him to commit and that she has started dating someone else. Mickey , as both the former husband of Hannah and the eventual husband of Holly, is shown primarily in scenes outside of the primary story. All of the scenes that take place outside of the 24-month period of the primary story involve flashbacks from Mickey's previous marriage to Hannah, Hannah and Mickey's struggle with infertility, his subsequent role as a surrogate father to Hannah's children, and his first date with Hannah's sister Holly . Aside from these flashback scenes, Mickey is depicted within the timeline of the main story dealing with hypochondria, his professional and creative conflicts in the television industry, and an existential crisis that leads to unsatisfying experiments with religious conversion to Catholicism and an interest in Krishna Consciousness. Ultimately, an unsuccessful suicide attempt leads him to find meaning in his life after unexpectedly viewing the Marx Brothers' Duck Soup  in a movie theater. The revelation that life should be enjoyed, rather than understood, helps to prepare him for a second date with Holly, which this time blossoms quickly  into love and marriage. Holly's story is the film's third main arc. A former cocaine addict who is depicted as the more insecure and least talented of the three sisters, she's an unsuccessful actress who shifts from one career aspiration to another in order to find success. After borrowing money from Hannah, she starts a catering business with April , a friend and fellow actress. Holly and April end up as rivals in auditions for parts in Broadway musicals, as well as for the affections of an architect they are each attracted to . Holly abandons the catering business after the romance with the architect fails and decides to try her hand at writing. The career change forces her once again to borrow money from Hannah, a dependency Hannah perhaps welcomes and Holly resents. She writes a script inspired by Hannah and Elliot, which greatly upsets Hannah. It is suggested that much of the script involved personal details of Hannah and Elliot's marriage that had been conveyed to Holly through Lee . Although this threatens to expose the affair between Elliot and Lee, Elliot soon disavows disclosing any such details. Holly then sets aside her script due to Hannah's objections, and instead writes a story inspired by her own life, which Mickey reads and admires greatly, vowing to help her get it produced and leading to their second date. A minor arc in the film tells part of the story of Norma and Evan (played by Maureen O'Sullivan, Mia Farrow's actual mother, and Lloyd Nolan, who were both in [[Never Too Late . They are the parents of Hannah and her two sisters, and still have acting careers of their own. Their own tumultuous marriage revolves around Norma's alcoholism and alleged affairs, however, the long-term bond between them is evident in Evan's flirtatious anecdotes about Norma while playing piano at the Thanksgiving gatherings. By the time of the film's third Thanksgiving, Lee has married someone she met while taking classes at Columbia, meanwhile Hannah and Elliot have reconciled their marriage. The film's final shot reveals that Holly has now married Mickey and that she is pregnant. Part of the film's structure and background is borrowed from Ingmar Bergman's Fanny and Alexander. In both films, a large theatrical family gather for three successive year's celebrations . The first of each gathering is in a time of contentment, the second in a time of trouble, and the third showing what happens after the resolution of the troubles. The sudden appearance of Mickey's reflection behind Holly's in the closing scene also parallels the apparition behind Alexander of the Bishop's ghost."] ["Jake Bianski is the owner of a fish market in the North End of Boston, Massachusetts. For the past eight years he actively has pursued his former girlfriend Isabella, despite the fact she is married and has three children. Anxious to put an end to their boss' obsession with his one-time love, Steve Bottino and Gianluca Tempesti arrange for him to meet veterinarian Marisa Costa at a dance for singles at the local Italian club. On their first date, a deluded Jake confesses he is involved with another woman and suggests he and Marisa become friends rather than lovers. After years of rejecting Jake's advances, Isabella finally leaves her husband, and she and her children move into Jake's small apartment above his fish store. Before long, her husband has convinced her to return home, and Jake finally admits he and Isabella have no future together. He follows Marisa to Italy, where he discovers she is involved with another man, but once again Jake refuses to accept reality and, determined to win her back, he begins to woo Marisa."] ["The story begins with Frankie  going to Tahiti on naval reserve duty. While cavorting with local girls, Frankie realizes that Dee Dee  might be disloyal to him. When Frankie seeks help from a witch doctor , the witch doctor sends a sea beauty, Cassandra , to lure Ricky , an advertising exec, away from Dee Dee. Upon Cassandra's arrival, the beach turns upside down, as all the surfers fall for her, an executive wants to make her a model, and Eric Von Zipper and his motorcycle gang add to the trouble."] ['Overweight, depressed improv actor James  is a Second City cast member in Chicago. He lives with his mother , and cheats on his diet. He quits his acting job on a sleazy television prank show, his girlfriend  breaks up with him, and his agent  dumps him. When he visits his friend\'s daughter\'s elementary school for Career Day, he rambles about his problems, boring the kids, and embarrassing himself in front of the teacher, Stella . James relaxes in the evenings by lying on the hood of his car parked "in a great spot" beside Wrigley Field, and during the days by walking around the North Side of Chicago with his friend Luca , appreciating the buildings. While wearing a pirate costume for a hot dog stand, James hears about a Chicago-based remake of Paddy Chayefsky\'s 1955 Marty, his favorite movie, and one that mirrors his adult life. He knows the director but cannot get an audition. After walking out on his Compulsive Eaters Anonymous meeting, James goes to an ice cream parlor, where he meets "big-time hottie" Beth , who recognizes him from Second City and offers him free ice cream. She asks him an obscurely lewd question, which she then cheerfully explains to him. When James, smitten, returns to the shop, Beth takes him on adventures, including a shopping trip for her to try on underwear. She disposes of him, explaining that she had never been with a fat guy. Meanwhile his role in Marty is given to a clueless young actor, real-life teen idol Aaron Carter. As the story ends, James moves to his own apartment, reconnects with Stella, the elementary school teacher, and continues acting in a movie setting, at the very end of the movie.'] ['Quincy Watson  is unceremoniously dumped by his fiancée Helen, and pens a "how to" book on breaking up and becomes a best-selling author on the subject. Not wanting his male friends to suffer the same fate, he gives them advice on dumping their mates including his boss, Phillip, who is trying to break up with his gold-digger girlfriend Rita. After his cousin Evan reads Quincy\'s book he starts to question his relationship with his girlfriend Nicky . Evan breaks up with her and goes over to his cousin and tells him to talk to her and convince her that Evan\'s a good guy. Quincy doesn\'t know what she looks like, and Evan tells him that she has long black hair. That day, Nicky had cut her hair to a \'Halle Berry\' length. Quincy and Nicky end up sitting next to each other at the bar Nicky was supposed to meet Evan. Quincy tells her that he\'s looking for his cousin\'s ex girlfriend whose name is Nicky and has long black hair. Nicky, knowing that Quincy is Evan\'s cousin, lies and tells Quincy her name is Mary. While Quincy and Nicky were on their date, Rita finds out that Philip is planning to break up with her, and goes to Quincy\'s house. When she gets there, Evan lies and says that he\'s Quincy. The two begin an affair. Evan goes to Nickey\'s house to break up with her. Nicky tells him that she was going to do the same, and that she\'s been seeing another man. Evans goes to Quincy\'s job and tells him that he thinks he\'s in love with Nicky, and that she\'s been seeing another man. During that conversation, Quincy realizes that \'Mary\' is actually Nicky. At the party for Quincy\'s hot seller book, Helen is back from Paris and wants to get back with Quincy. Evans planned on proposing to Nicky at the party. Evan finds out that Quincy is dating his ex girlfriend and becomes upset with him and leaves the party to look for Nicky. The next day, Evan talks to Quincy and tells him he\'s getting married to Rita. Phillip had a heart attack, and at the hospital, Rita finds out that Evan lied to her. Instead of getting mad, she says she fell in love with him. Quincy breaks up with Helen and goes to look for Nicky. When he goes to her door, her neighbor tells him that she\'s leaving for Portland by train. He goes to look for her. As the train is speeding away he confesses his love for her and they both ride the train to Portland.'] ["{{Plot}} Ian Wyndham ([[Paul Nicholls  is an English businessman who lives with his musician girlfriend, Samantha Andrews  in London. Taking us through a day in Ian and Sam's life, the film opens by showing different events such as Sam getting burnt on a kettle, Ian's watch breaking, Sam getting Coca-Cola spilt on her and Ian being interrupted by Sam during an important meeting at work.  As the day progresses we see Ian in a taxi. He tells the driver  about how he and Sam are going through difficulties. The driver recommends he should just love her. After Sam's concert that night, Ian tries to dismiss Sam's favorite student. At dinner Sam confronts Ian where her frustration boils over. She gets angry at Ian for his attitude toward her and tells him that she just wants him to love her. Sam storms out of the restaurant in tears, Ian following close behind and asking for her forgiveness. Sam gets in a passing taxi and as Ian tries to get in beside her he notices that the driver is the same man who he traveled with earlier that day. The man gives Ian an ominous smile and as the clock hits 11 PM, Sam closes the door, leaving Ian standing there. As he watches the taxi drive away, Ian makes one last attempt to reconcile with Sam and runs after the taxi as it stops at a traffic light. Before he gets there, the lights change and the taxi begins driving again. As it speeds up, the taxi is struck violently by another car and comes to a stop on the middle of the street. Ian halts and falls on his knees in shock. At a nearby hospital, Sam is being taken into the ER and Ian is running through the hospital looking for her. He arrives outside the room where Sam was and through a windows sees her wounded and surrounded by medical personnel. Sam looks over to the window towards Ian, a blank expression on her face. Ian begins to cry and before the doctors can help her, Sam succumbs to her injuries and dies. Ian falls to the floor in the hospital in disbelief. We see Sam's friend Lottie  enter a hospital room, where Ian is sitting in a chair. They both begin to cry. Ian goes back to his apartment, finds Sam's notebook and opens it, finding a song she was working on. He falls asleep clutching the notebook close to him. As the next day begins, Ian wakes up with the notebook still held tight. He is shocked to hear a voice behind him tell him not to read a word. He jumps up and screams, only to see Sam standing in his apartment. After the initial confusion, Ian comes to the conclusion that the previous day must have been a dream and continues the morning, happy to have Sam by his side As the morning progresses however, Sam gets burnt by her hair straighteners in the same place she had been burnt by the kettle in his supposed dream. Able to shake this off as a sheer coincidence, Ian takes no further notice of it. Other events similar to those he already experienced begin happening too, although at different times and in different ways, as Sam gets Coca-Cola spilt on her. This time Ian mentions his dream to her, and she convinces him that it was just a dream, and if his watch remains in working order then it can't possibly be the same day as his dream. Nonetheless, Ian is still cautious, and while in a meeting at work he holds his folder in his hands. Sam sees this from outside the glass doors and his meeting is left uninterrupted. Later in the day, Ian gets into a taxi. After talking to the taxi driver he realizes that the driver is the man from the previous day. He questions the man about this and the driver says he does not remember, although he once again gives Ian an ominous smile, implying he may in fact know about Sam's accident and all the previous events. This convinces Ian once and for all, and he runs to Sam, who's helping her friend Lottie set up for an art gallery. After convincing her to come with him, he brings her to a train station. After much questioning Sam reveals they are traveling to Ian's rural home town. A delighted Sam makes sure that she'll be back in time for her concert, which Ian ensures they will be. Ian brings Sam up a mountain, to a spot he used to visit as a child. The two find a little abandoned cottage on the mountainside to use as shelter during a rain storm. Upon setting up a fire while Sam sits down, Ian notices that his watch is cracked and isn't working. He turns to look at Sam, who's lighting candles on a table. Sam smiles and when Ian asks what she would do if she didn't have a lot of time left, she replies that she'd do what she's doing right now; spending time with him, just being together. Ian and Sam begin kissing, before making love. Afterwards, they make their way back down the mountain, disappointed that they never made it to Ian's spot. In the town below, the two have drinks and Ian tells Sam about his father, who lost his beloved job in 1993 before becoming an alcoholic and dying sometime later. Ian reveals that he wishes he could have helped his father more, but Sam says he was only a child at the time and wherever his father is now, he's proud of him. The two travel back to London and Ian takes Sam on the London Eye as another surprise. They then travel back to their apartment and while Sam is distracted, Ian takes a page from her notebook and brings it to a nearby photocopying shop while Sam travels to her concert with her violin. Before the show begins Ian sends a bouquet of flowers up to Sam and gives the photocopied pages to an organizer. A puzzled Sam looks out to Ian in the crowd when her bouquet arrives. His plan is soon revealed however when Ian comes onto center-stage with a microphone. He calls a reluctant Sam to his side, who gets nervous. Ian goes and talks to Sam at her seat and tells her she doesn't want to disappoint her future fans. Sam proceeds onto the stage as the orchestra begins to play the song printed on Ian's photocopied sheets. She sings the song she wrote for Ian in her notebook and the crowd burst into applause at her performance. While walking to a restaurant of Sam's choice, she describes her feelings to Ian. In an intimate surrounding, Sam and Ian discuss the day in a sheer contrast to Ian's experience the previous night. Ian gives Samantha a charm bracelet with different charms and symbols: a musical note, a violin, a flower , the train they took that day and the Eiffel Tower, which Sam had always wanted to see. The two sit in silence as Sam tears up and smiles across at Ian. As they leave the restaurant in a downpour, Sam tries to get a taxi to take them home. Ian realizes they are in the same spot as the previous night when the accident took place and tells her to look at him and listen. In the rain, Sam listens as Ian professes his love for her and tells her that if it weren't for her or today, he would never have known true love at all. Sam begins crying and says she doesn't know what to say, to which he replies that she doesn't need to say anything. A taxi pulls up and Sam gets in, beckoning Ian to get in too. He gets in next to her. As the taxi approaches the traffic lights, Ian and Sam kiss. He looks forward and sees the clock strike 11 PM and the same ominous smile he has seen so many times already. Sam smiles at him as the taxi pulls away and images of Sam's accident flash through his mind. He sees a car light through his window and grabs Sam tight for the last time. Sam's scream can be heard. At the hospital, we see Sam's friend Lottie run through the halls. She turns a corner and enters a hospital room, where Sam is sitting in a bed. Sam tells Lottie about Ian's premonition and how she didn't believe him. She and Lottie begin to cry. In the end it was Ian who was the victim of the accident. Six months later, Sam is sitting in the apartment, with Ian's watch in her hands. Everything is packed into boxes and Sam takes a last look at the room. We see her singing on stage in a restaurant, with Lottie sitting at the closest table to her. She travels to the cottage on the mountain which she and Ian visited and continues climbing until she reaches Ian's spot at the peak of the mountain. She stands at the top, staring out into a valley, not knowing what lies ahead."] ["The year is 1931. Spain is politically divided between Republicans and Traditionalists and on the verge of the Spanish Second Republic. Fernando, a young soldier, deserts his duty. He befriends Manolo, played by Fernando Fernán Gómez, an old man with a large house in the country. Fernando meets and is enchanted by Manolo's four daughters. As he meets each of the first three one by one, he falls in love and has sex with each of them, determining to marry, but with each one a complication arises: Clara, played by Miriam Díaz-Aroca ; Violeta, played by Ariadna Gil ; and Rocío, played by Maribel Verdú, . Heartbroken each time, the father of the girls encourages him to have patience. Each of the daughters is beautiful, and represents a different aspect of feminine sexuality. The youngest of the family, Luz, played by Penélope Cruz, represents naïveté. While Fernando is pursuing her sisters, Luz gets progressively more angry and jealous, but eventually Fernando realizes that she is the best one of the four to marry."] ["Childhood friends Olly Pickering and Murray go their separate ways when Olly goes to university. While there, Olly meets James. Murray vomits all over James, creating instant enmity between them. Olly writes the two first chapters of a novel and an editor pays him $50,000 to finish it. But he gets writer's block, so loses all his money. He finds a job in London as assistant to Dana, an editor of self-help books for women. James is going to marry in London and throws a party which he invites Olly to. Olly arrives late and gets covered in pigeon droppings in Trafalgar Square. He changes into some women's trousers. James wants Olly to be his best man and write a funny speech. Olly feels out of place at the party. He is told off by Becka, the rightful owner of his trousers, and to Sarah without knowing she is James's girlfriend. While at the party, Olly meets, and immediately falls in love with Sarah while standing out on the balcony, but James thinks he has fallen in love with Becka. Stan gives Olly a hard-core magazine for Murray. Harry, Tania and barrister Graham discuss the matter in the pub. Murray will see to it that the wedding is cancelled. Murray phones Sarah on Olly's behalf and they fix a date to see a film. Murray makes Sarah believe James is still a womanizer. Murray also sets Olly up with Sarah in Selfridges to see to the wedding list. He also phones James several times from Stan's porn shop, and appears at Becka and Sarah's flat saying that James has decided to sell it. Back at Selfridges, Olly watches in amazement how Dana tries on a wedding dress although she is supposed to be already married and in a meeting. Dana gives Olly the sack next day. Graham talks to her trying to convince her to give Olly his job back. He doesn't convince her, but he ends up with a date with her. Sarah finds some unknown red knickers that Murray had hidden to frame James, and she find the porn shop phone number in James's mobile phone, so she calls the wedding off. Murray gives a surprise party for Olly with everyone there except James. Murray admits he's plotted everything and Olly writes a letter to Sarah on James's behalf. James is going to pretend that he is leaving for New York broken-hearted. Sarah falls for this and says she will marry him. Olly is left thinking he has done the right thing. Murray tells Olly that James has shagged somebody while already in a relationship with Sarah, but he doesn't believe it. Olly goes to James's stag party, which is a bit wild, with two strippers dressed as policewomen. James admits that he has been unfaithful to Sarah, because she can't satisfy him completely, although he wants to marry her as her family has money and connections, and she is pretty. Olly wants to tell Sarah, but James handcuffs him to a pillar. When he gets free, he goes to the wedding place, preventing another wedding from happening while on his way. Murray is making a fool of himself trying to earn some time. Olly finally arrives, and with the help of Becka, who says that James has been unfaithful with his secretary and she blames another girl. Finally, Sarah calls off the wedding. Six months later, Becka and Murray get married and Olly and Sarah end up together. Olly returns to writing and he produces a best-seller."] ["David Sloane is an attorney and a bachelor whose married pal Harry Hunter is having an affair. David decides to do something about it so Harry doesn't mess up his home life. The scheme is to make a play for Harry's mistress himself. David meets and courts Harry's attractive employee, Carol Corman, determined to break up her fling with Harry once and for all. Where his plan goes wrong is that David has the wrong woman. Harry's actual mistress is Carol's next-door neighbor, Muriel Laszlo. As soon as he learns  that she is seeing another man, Harry decides to give his marriage to Mary one more try. Carol and Muriel come to realize what happened. They decide to team up, giving David and Harry a taste of their own medicine."] ["Love Express tells the story of two Punjabi families who have known each other for 30 years and are trying to have wedding during a train journey. When they discover the bride and groom don't like each other the two families call off the wedding. The fun begins when the bride and groom start liking each other and fall in love. Will they get together or will 30 years of friendship be destroyed by these chain of events?Subhash Ghai's PASCHIM EXPRESS departs! - Glamsham"] ["Caesar is having a hard time dividing his time between his band and his rich girlfriend, Buffer, whose father hates him. Buffer's father calls Caesar in to make a bet: If Caesar gets to make $100,000 within six months, he can have Buffer; if he does not, he is banished from her life."] ["George  is a fatalistic high school senior who is a gifted artist. George is often haunted by the realization that he will die someday. He ceases to complete his homework, as he feels that everything seems meaningless. As a result, he is put on academic probation. The next day, George goes up to the school roof and sees Sally  smoking. When a teacher comes up, George quickly pulls out a cigarette and takes the blame. Sally meets up with George to thank him, and though George is at first reluctant to talk to her, he soon warms up to her. On Career Day, George meets a young artist, Dustin and is inspired by his thoughts about life. He brings Sally with him to visit Dustin and it becomes apparent that Dustin likes Sally. Sally invites George to a New Year's Eve party. At the party, she dances with her ex, while George gets drunk, vomiting outside before falling asleep in the alley. Sally finds him there and apologizes. She then takes him back to her place and tucks him in a cot beneath her bed. For Valentine's Day, the two go out to dinner and Sally asks him to have sex with her, after inquiring that he had never done it. George, clearly shocked, doesn't answer. After his pause, Sally says they shouldn't as he is her only real friend. He is quiet for the rest of the time they're together and goes home early. He doesn't answer Sally's calls or talk with her at all. Sally instead invites Dustin out and flirts with him. The two of them start going on dates after Dustin kisses her. George doesn't do his English term paper and is brought to the principals office. The principal gives George two choices: expulsion or do every piece of undone homework, about a years worth. At home, George confronts his stepfather about lying about work, and they get into a physical fight. George takes off for Sally's place. She brings him into the hallway, where he kisses her. Sally kisses him back but breaks it off, revealing Dustin in her apartment. George leaves but Dustin catches up with him and accuses George of not acting soon enough. Angry and hurt, George leaves. The next morning, George finds his mother at the park. She explains that his stepfather lied to her about work and that they're divorcing. George consoles her and begins to rethink his situation with Sally. At school, he gets each of his missing assignments to complete. His one art project is to make a painting that is honest and real. George completes the assignments and takes final exams, while Sally continues being with Dustin. Sally sends a text to George saying she needs to see him. Sally and George meet in a bar, where Sally reveals she's going backpacking with Dustin through Europe, and is skipping the high school graduation ceremony. She says she still needs to be friends with him. George tells her he loves her and it was unfair not to say it before. She takes his hand. They go back to apartment and kiss. She says she's still going on the trip but promises they will be together one day, admitting she loves him too. George triumphantly turns in all his assignments and his art teacher applauds him on his art project. At the ceremony, George's name is called and his mom is shown to be proud of him. George goes back to the art classroom and looks at his art project: Sally's smiling face. Sally, having opted not to go to Europe with Dustin, enters the room and stands next to George, holding hands. He asks her what she's going to do now and she squeezes his hand and says she doesn't know, and then they both look at each other and smile. The film closes."] ["When 17-year-old Jane Broadbent comes to London to live with her wealthy father Jimmy Broadbent, her stepmother Sheila feels compelled by her social aspirations to introduce her to society. Jane is bored by the debutante balls she attends and the young men she is introduced to, but becomes interested in a drummer named David Parkson, who has a reputation for leading young women astray. To complicate matters, David Fenner relentlessly pursues Jane, even though she openly detests him. As it turns out, Parkson's reputation is undeserved, but Sheila is convinced otherwise, and she tries to keep him away from Jane. Sheila's garrulous friend Mabel interferes with Sheila's attempts to separate the two in order to secure David Fenner for her own daughter, Clarissa. Fortunately for Jane and David, Sheila's plans fail miserably. The two young people fall in love with each other, and David Parkson proposes to Jane. He also inherits an Italian title of nobility, satisfying Sheila's concerns for Jane's social status."] ['Rob Salinger  is an overworked television reporter. He is happily married to Micki , a lawyer who is a candidate to become a judge, but she has been unable to bear a child and Rob wants one badly. On an assignment, Rob interviews a young musician named Maude Guillory  and is smitten with her. They begin seeing one another and, when she becomes pregnant, Maude and her professional wrestler father begin to plan her wedding. Prepared to face the music, confess to Micki and agree to a divorce, Rob is stunned when she reveals that she, too, is going to give birth. Rob becomes a bigamist. With his television boss Leo  covering for him, he sees one wife during the daytime and the other at night, using work as an excuse. He gets away with it until the fates collide, Micki and Maude going into labor at the same hospital on the same floor at the same time. The two women end up becoming friends, but they ban Rob from their lives as well as the lives of his new children after realizes they were tricked and cheated by him. Rob follows them around, spying on both families from a distance. Eventually Rob reconciles with both Micki and Maude, though it is not clear if the two women are aware he has reconciled with the other. The film ends with both women pursuing their careers, Micki is now a judge and Maude is a lead cellist in a symphony. The film closes with a shot of Rob in a park years later, with two babies and his six other children he has had over the years with Micki and Maude.'] ['Ruby Weaver  is weary of her long history of failed relationships with men when she meets Sam Deed  in a park. But after the two fall in love, Ruby becomes suspicious of Sam\'s past, his obsession with a "Chrystie Delancey", and "causal effect." Under pressure from her, he finally explains that he is really from the year 2470 and is what he calls a "back traveler." Ruby initially ignores this story, considering it yet another case of male nerdy weirdness, but after Sam\'s persistence, apparent conviction, and growing agitation, she begins to wonder. Finally she takes him to see her therapist . Ruby becomes worried as to Sam\'s sanity when he reveals that everything he has done was a deliberate attempt to change her life.'] ['An old man names Algernon lives alone with a porcelain cat and other unusual items, some are made of bones. In his alone existence, he meets a young woman who says she can make his life better. But can she? The film is based on the novel by Russell H. Greenan The Secret Life of Algernon Pendleton.'] ['Panama Lady is a cleaned-up remake of the 1932 Helen Twelvetrees vehicle Panama Flo. Lucille Ball essays the old Twelvetrees role as Lucy, a nightclub "hostess" stranded in Panama by her ex-lover Roy . Victimized by a shakedown orchestrated by Roy, oil rigger McTeague  holds Lucy responsible. To avoid landing in jail, Lucy agrees to accompany McTeague to his oil camp as his housekeeper. Assuming she\'s been brought to this godforsaken spot for sexual purposes, Lucy eventually realizes that McTeague\'s intentions are honorable: All he wants is his money back, and he expects our heroine to work off the debt on her feet! Ultimately Lucy and McTeague fall in love, but not before the scurrilous Roy re-enters her life.'] ['Olive Penderghast  lies to her best friend Rhiannon  about going on a date in order to get out of camping with Rhi\'s hippie parents. Instead, she hangs around the house all weekend listening to Natasha Bedingfield\'s "Pocketful of Sunshine". The following Monday, pressed by Rhiannon, Olive lies about losing her virginity to a college guy. Marianne , a strictly religious girl at their school, overhears her telling the lie and soon it spreads like wildfire. The school\'s conservative church group run by Marianne decides Olive will be their next project. Olive confides the truth to her friend Brandon , and he explains how others bully him because he\'s gay. Brandon later asks Olive to pretend to sleep with him so that he will be accepted by everyone. Brandon convinces Olive and they pretend to have sex at a party. After having a fight with Rhiannon over Olive\'s new identity as a "dirty skank", Olive decides to counteract the harassment by embracing her new image as the school tramp. She begins to wear more provocative clothing and stitches a red \'A\'  to everything she wears. Boys who usually have had no luck with girls in the past beg Olive to say they have had sex with her in order to increase their own popularity, in exchange for money, in turn increasing her reputation. Things get worse when Micah , Marianne\'s 22-year-old boyfriend, contracts chlamydia from sleeping with Mrs. Griffith , the school counselor, and blames it all on Olive. Olive agrees to lie to cover up the affair so her favorite teacher, Mr. Griffith\'s  marriage would be spared. Marianne\'s religious clique  begins harassing Olive in order to get her to leave school. After an ill-fated date with a boy who wants to pay her to actually sleep with him, not just pretend she did, Olive reconnects with Todd , her old crush, who is also the school\'s mascot. Todd then tells her that he does not believe the rumors because he remembers when she lied for him when he wasn\'t ready for his first kiss years ago. Olive then begins to ask everyone she lied for to help her out by telling the truth, but Brandon and Micah have abruptly left town and everyone else is enjoying their newfound popularity and don\'t want the truth to get out. Mrs. Griffith also refuses to tell the truth and when Olive threatens to expose her, Mrs. Griffith rebuffs her, saying no one would believe her. Olive, out of spite, then immediately tells Mr. Griffith, who believes her and separates from Mrs. Griffith. After a friendly talk with her eccentric, open-minded mother , Olive comes up with a plan to get everything finally out in the open. She then does a song and dance number at a school pep rally to get people\'s attention to watch her via web cam, where she confesses what she has done. The various boys whose reputations Olive helped improve are also shown watching. Later, Olive texts Rhiannon apologizing for lying to her. When she is finishing up her web cast, Todd comes by riding a lawnmower and tells her to come outside. She goes outside to meet him and the two are shown riding off on the lawnmower.'] ["Robin  encourages her roommate Phoebe , an ambitious 21-year-old university student, to find a boyfriend. Phoebe does not manage to find a love interest among her fellow-university students, but instead takes interest in a 14-year-old boy named Frazer . Frazer's crazy next door neighbour Suzanna  is madly in love with him, and his younger quirky sister Bugs  provides Frazer with insightful advice on his love problems."] ["His home slated to be torn down, his business in serious financial trouble and his only daughter poised to leave the nest with her wealthy fiancé, small-time Tel Aviv second hand store owner Lupo  still finds the strength to keep his life, and his pride, together. But as he fights overeager housing authorities and charms his daughter's future in-laws, he finds himself the romantic target of a loud local widow."] ["A man , a charming English gentleman changes the lives of three generations of women who run a near-bankrupt bed and breakfast. He is beaten up by criminals and thrown off a yacht. The three generations of women pick the bloodied man off a beach and offer him free board in return for fixing the place up and being the handy man. Claire , widow of senator Blake Wellesly, is initially unwilling to let the man in the house, partly due to the mystery around him caused by amnesia, though her mother-in-law Ruth  - who is recently retired and craving for adventure - insists on allowing the man to be in their house. Claire's teenage daughter Cassie , who is rebellious against her mother's old-fashioned behavior most of the time, names the man Adam."] ["Elderly Jewish writer Max Kohn  is an Austrian émigré whose mind is constantly working causing a state of perpetual confusion. He's a successful author of short stories who lives in New York City and is so stuck in his old ways that he believes that the only proper way to write is by using a typewriter. Max has several women interested in seducing him, but he spends most of his time with fellow worrier Reisel . During a trip to speak in nearby Hanover Max begins editing his latest story—a wild tale of a Miami retiree who gets himself into various kinds of trouble. It doesn't take Max long to lose himself in his own writings, and pretty soon, he's mixed up in two sexy romances and an unsolved murder. Upon returning to reality, Max begins to feel as if his own written words have begun to manifest themselves. A meeting with burned out former student Rosalie , with whom he shares a mutual attraction, follows, and later while heading to Springfield for another unwanted speaking engagement Max discovers that he has lost the speech he prepared. After a series of small adventures, Max decides to start writing a new story based on his recent life and featuring a protagonist named Harry—a thinly veiled stand-in for himself."] ['Michael and Cathy, a young couple who have just graduated from college, have known each other about 10 years and have been together about half that time. They vacation for the summer on a Greek island. When they visit a nude beach crowded with other young tourists, they are hesitant at first but find themselves getting caught up in the uninhibited energy that surrounds them. Cathy reads a book of sexual techniques, then ties Michael to the bed and drips candle wax on his chest. She comments that everyone thinks she\'s "such a Goody Two-Shoes" but she wants a little more adventure. Michael, who says he has never been with another woman, keeps noticing Lina, a French archaeologist on temporary assignment at the nearby Akrotiri excavation. One day, at the beach without Cathy, he gets his chance to talk to Lina and ends up starting an affair with her. He then feels so guilty that Cathy immediately notices something is wrong, and he admits what he has done, insisting that he still loves Cathy. Cathy is naturally disturbed by this, but tells him to get it out of his system, which he takes as permission to return to Lina. Cathy then goes to a local bar intending to sleep with another man as a way to get revenge against Michael for cheating on her. But in the end she chickens out after getting picked up by an amorous local boy. When Michael comes home later after seeing Lina again, Cathy says she wants out of the relationship. Cathy goes to Lina\'s home to confront her. Lina assures Cathy that she does not intend to take Michael away from her, which seems to calm Cathy somewhat. Lina and Cathy end up spending several hours together getting acquainted, and find themselves fascinated by each other\'s work—Lina\'s archeology and Cathy\'s photography. Michael is confused when he learns that the two women are developing a friendship, but he quickly recovers and the three of them spend a few days gradually getting closer. Cathy knows Michael is still sleeping with Lina from time to time, but seems to accept it, although she says it would be difficult for her to see them in bed together. Nevertheless, she tolerates increasing signs of affection between Michael and Lina in her presence. In a very tense scene one evening, Cathy encourages Michael to kiss Lina. He gives Lina a light peck, but Cathy says it isn\'t convincing. He gradually turns up the heat while watching Cathy intently for her reaction. He then kisses Cathy, checking to see how this makes Lina feel. The three end up spending the night together. Lina moves in with them, and they continue enjoying the island paradise as a threesome. Just as the fantasy seems to be a total success, the natural complications of domestic life, like who does the laundry or dishes, come to the foreground. The three work through these problems, but then Cathy\'s mother appears on a surprise visit, snapping everyone back to reality. Cathy tells her mother she\'s never been happier in her life. Although Lina claims to be bad at relationships and prefers just "screwing", the three actually seem to be falling in love all around. Aside from Lina\'s comment that she prefers just "screwing," the sexually charged plot is underscored by a number of other instances of openly sexual comments and humor. For example, when Cathy\'s mother comes to visit and is checking into a hotel on the island, the desk clerk asks a woman checking out "how many douches did you have ma\'am?". The woman looks at the clerk awkwardly until her friend explains "he means showers." Finding herself in an intense relationship, and uncertain about her future with them, Lina begins to fear getting hurt when the summer ends and the Americans return home. They tell her it doesn\'t have to end, but don\'t go into any details. To avoid getting too close to her new friends, Lina disappears with another young man she met at the beach. Cathy and Michael are distraught, and spend several days searching for Lina. Eventually they conclude they won\'t find her as long as she wants to remain hidden. But their memories of Lina loom over everything they try to do, and they can no longer enjoy their time on the island. They pack up to return home, even though they have three weeks remaining prepaid on their rental. Lina finds her fears are outweighed by her feelings for the Americans, and returns to reunite with them, only to discover they have already gone. She races to the airport and intercepts them just as they are about to board the plane. Overjoyed at seeing her again, Cathy and Michael return to spend the last three weeks of their summer with her.'] ['Luster takes place over a weekend in Los Angeles.  Jackson wakes up in the aftermath of an orgy and heads to his job at his friend Sam\'s alternative record store. At the store he gets a call from Sonny Spike. On his way out the door, Jackson runs into customer Derek, who professes his love at first sight. Jackson meets Sonny at his hotel and Sonny asks him to write the lyrics for Sonny\'s next album. Stoked, Jackson stops back at his house where he finds his cousin Jed in the shower, which immediately inspires thoughts of incest. Jackson and Jed head back to the store, just in time to head out to a book signing by Kurt Domain with Sam . At the book signing, Jackson runs into Billy, who he\'d met at last night\'s orgy. Jackson professes his love at first sight for Billy, who agrees to have coffee but flatly informs Jackson he won\'t have sex with him. The author spots Jed, and, taking him as his muse, writes a piece on Jed\'s body.  Jackson, inspired by Jed, writes several poems. Meanwhile, Jed is in the desert, serving as muse to yet a third artist, Alyssa. A bloodied Billy calls Jackson at the record store. Jackson picks him up and takes him home. Billy explains that his ex-lover sexually tortured him. Leaving Billy to sleep, Jackson gives his poems to Sonny, who thinks they\'re great but changes the sex of the subjects to female. Jed returns to Jackson\'s place and crawls into bed next to Billy. Jackson goes back to work, where Derek is waiting for him. Derek again professes his love. Jackson explains he doesn\'t feel the same but they kiss anyway. Jackson drives Derek home. Alyssa takes her photos of Jed to a gallery and lands a showing in New York City. Billy wakes up next to Jed and engages in some sexual torture of his own. Sonny decides he must meet Jackson\'s inspiration and sends a private investigator to get him. The P.I. finds Billy and brings him to Sonny. It was Sonny who had tortured Billy previously. Billy tells Sonny that he tortured someone that morning and realized that he hated it and that he wants to enslave himself to Sonny. Sam visits his mother and surprises her with the news that he\'s paid off her mortgage. Jackson returns home and finds Jed handcuffed in the shower.  Sam, Jackson and Jed go on a bar crawl through the city. Jackson runs into Sonny and Billy in the restroom of one bar and beats Billy up for what he did to Jed. Sonny gets turned on by it. When Jackson leaves the bar, Sam and Jed are arguing over Sam\'s unrequited love for someone. Sam drops Jackson and Jed off at Jackson\'s and gives Jed a videotape to give to Jackson. Jed goes inside and he and Jackson make love.  Jackson takes Jed to the airport for his flight back to Iowa. Jed tells him about the tape. Jackson returns home to find Alyssa and her girlfriend Sandra, who tell him that Sam has killed himself. On the tape, Sam says he\'s in love with Jackson. He knows he\'ll never be able to be with Jackson the way he wants to and that he has a lot of pain because of that. Distraught, Jackson runs all the way to Derek\'s place before the tape even ends. He has Derek reassure him that Derek loves him. Jackson strips naked and tells Derek "I\'m all yours." Jackson says he doesn\'t know if he loves Derek but he does think Derek\'s pretty special, and special is "pretty fuckin\' good."'] ['Poor Raja opens a fast food restaurant right opposite a five star hotel run by its owner Singhania, earning his wrath. The wealthy hotel owner uses all his influence to remove Raja, but in vain. Things get worse for the wealthy man, when his daughter Kiran wants to marry the poor hotelier.{{citation}} The wealthy man refuses, leading to a confrontation and a condition - which Raja fulfills, he becomes rich virtually overnight, and proposes for the hand of Kiran. The wealthy hotelier reluctantly accepts him as his son-in-law, only to have Kiran elope with a man named Rahul.'] ['Misfit Captain Fisby  is sent to Americanize the village of Tobiki on Okinawa, the largest of the Ryukyu Islands. His commanding officer, Colonel Wainwright Purdy III , assigns him a wily local, Sakini , to act as interpreter. Fisby tries to implement the military\'s plans, by encouraging the villagers to build a school in the shape of a pentagon, but they want to build a teahouse instead. Fisby gradually becomes assimilated to the local customs and mores with the help of Sakini and Lotus Blossom, a young geisha . To revive the economy, he has the Okinawans manufacture small items to sell as souvenirs, but nobody wants to buy them. These include cricket cages and wooden Japanese footwear called Geta. Then Fisby makes a happy discovery. The villagers brew a potent alcoholic beverage in a matter of days, which finds a ready market in the American army. With the influx of money, the teahouse is built in next to no time. When Purdy sends psychiatrist Captain McLean  to check up on Fisby, the newcomer is quickly won over. This, even after Fisby greets McLean wearing Geta, an army bathrobe  and what Fisby terms an "air-conditioned" straw hat . McLean later proves to be enthusiastic about organic farming. When Purdy doesn\'t hear from either officer, he shows up in person and surprises Fisby and McLean, the latter wearing a yukata. Both are leading a rowdy song at a party in full swing in the teahouse. Purdy orders the building destroyed, but in a burst of foresight, the villagers only dismantle the teahouse instead. In what might be referred to as a deus ex machina, the village is chosen by the SCAP as an example of successful American-led democratization. This leads to the teahouse being reassembled without threat of destruction by Colonel Purdy.'] ["Delmar Youngblood is a single mother with a passion for cooking; she dreams of opening her own restaurant called Food for the Heart, but in reality has a low-paid job as an insurance adjuster. Her best friend and roommate Hortense believes she would be a perfect wife for lawyer Stanley Diggers, though he wishes to advance his career before making a commitment. With their culinary talents and gift for hospitality, the two women host regular dinner parties for an assortment of family and friends. These include Jethro, Delmar's brother, who is a Mayan anthropology professor with an obsession for vintage Cadillacs, and his best friend Marlon, a freelance writer. There is also their pianist mother, Hannibal Youngblood, and her boyfiend, Mr. Ringold. When a friend of Hannibal's unexpectedly dies on one of these gatherings, her estranged daughter Missy Bainbridge comes to collect the body, and strikes up a relationship with Jethro. While searching through a junkyard to rescue a doomed Cadillac, Jethro and Marlon meet and befriend Moses Grady, a former convict who joins the gang and finds new purpose when he becomes attached to Delmar and her dream. Things get serious when Stanley makes Delmar an offer: he wants her to become a surrogate mother on behalf of his bigoted boss Mr. Spinner, whose wife is unable to conceive. This arrangement would provide Delmar with the money she needs to open her restauarant, make Stanley a partner in his law firm, and give Hortense the engagement ring she craves. Delmar accepts, and opens her restaurant in partnership with Moses, but in the third trimester she decides to keep the baby."] ["The story is set in the 1980s in Tronoh, a small town in Perak. Twenty-year-old-plus Botak  is the younger of a Chinese coffeeshop owner's two sons. A reserved, quiet young lad with prickly hair, having been shaved during childhood , he harbors a secret admiration towards Chew Anqi , or Fighting-Fish , daughter of a char kuey teow seller, Yue Feng  , who rents a stall in the same coffeeshop. However, he was never bold enough to confess his love towards her and only conveyed it through drawing portraits of her. Anqi entered Botak's life when he was a young boy, when Yue Feng sought refuge with Botak's mother after she could no longer stand physical abuse by her husband. This resulted in Anqi  often being teased as being fatherless by another childhood friend, a bully yet coward to stronger forces, Ma Linfan  , son of parents who ran an illegal betting syndicate. As children, Anqi, Ma Linfan and 'African'  ([[Victor Wong , often competed playing marbles  or fighting fish with each other. Anqi always won these games. After losing a game, Ma Linfan teased Anqi. She became angry and beat Ma Linfan, thus giving her a strong, fierce personality. Because of this, Anqi was given the nickname Fighting-Fish. Whenever she was upset, she would eat ais kacang  together with Botak, or idle away by the river chatting with him. She would always say that when she grew up, she would return to Penang to look for her father and move to a faraway place, which Botak desired not to realise. As a 20 year-old something adult, she was in a cold relationship with her mother, blaming her being estranged from her father. Ma Linfan, frustrated at losing to Fighting-Fish each time in fighting fish duels, decided to steal hers, but was caught red-handed and escaped. The second time, which could have been a success, he ended up with a tussle with Fighting-Fish, which had her brushing against him on the lower bodies, causing him to have an erection. Because of this, he believed that he fell in love with Fighting-Fish and went to great lengths to win her love. Ma Libing  , the younger sister of Ma Linfan, was secretly in love with Botak. Throughout the story, Ma Libing was a quiet girl and was often seen holding a packet of iced barley drink  whenever she went. She chanced upon Botak's love letter to Fighting-Fish in her brother's room. She became upset after reading the letter and sought to win his love with even more determination. The letter somehow ended up with Yue Feng, who then knew of Botak's secret admiration of her daughter and later discovered Botak's portraits of Fighting-Fish in his room. After a heated quarrel with her mother over her disapproval of her wanting to marry another man, Fighting-Fish travelled to Penang to look for her father with Botak. They arrived at her old home at Chew Jetty , a neighbourhood of wooden houses on water, occupied by Chinese families with the surname Chew , only to discover that her father  now operates an illegal gambling den and had remarried with a 5 year-old son and an unborn child. The reunion was disrupted with a raid by the police. Botak, Fighting-Fish and her father managed to escape, but she realized the predicament that her mother was in 10 years ago. She sought to mend ties with her and expressed her desire to further her studies in Singapore. Botak went after her on the day of her departure, bringing a packet of ais kacang and the unread love letter. During the journey, he was met with two accidents but was only bruised from head to toe. He handed the packet to Fighting-Fish, moving her to tears . In the haste, Botak also forgot to hand the letter to her and left the scene drenched from rain. Botak's younger sister submitted one of Botak's portraits to a drawing competition, which won the first prize, even appearing in newspapers. When Botak found out, he ran away in tears, unwilling to embrace the fact that he had hesitated to confess his love to Fighting-Fish. Towards the end of the scene, all of the young characters had left the town, each on their own career paths. The final scene showed Botak, now older and with a girlfriend, at a pedestrian crossing in Kuala Lumpur, not knowing that Fighting-Fish was also nearby. They both walk away in different directions."] ['In the Soviet Union, American reporter McKinley "Mac" Thompson  secretly writes unflattering stories, attributed to "Comrade X", for his newspaper. His identity is discovered by his valet, Vanya , who blackmails Mac into promising to get his daughter, a streetcar conductor named Theodore , out of the country. Theodore agrees to a sham marriage so she can spread the message of the benefits of Communism to the rest of the world. However, Commissar Vasiliev  is determined to unmask and arrest Comrade X.'] ["Boozy Arthur Bach  and his chauffeur, Bitterman , dress up in Batman and Robin costumes for a formal dinner hosted by Arthur's mother, Vivienne . The dinner is intended to announce Arthur as the new chairman of her corporation, Bach Worldwide. Driving to the dinner in a Batmobile, an intoxicated Arthur is chased by police, arrested and released the next day. Vivienne and her shrewd assistant Susan  form a plan to have Susan marry Arthur to allow her to take control of the company, ensuring stable leadership. Arthur initially refuses, but is told that he will be cut off from his $950 million inheritance if he does not marry Susan. He reluctantly agrees and asks Susan's father, Burt Johnson , for permission to marry. Burt agrees, after forcing Arthur against a table saw and warning him not to embarrass Susan. The next day, Arthur meets Naomi , an illegal tour guide to whom he becomes attracted because of her free-spirited nature. He arranges his wedding while sneaking around on dates with Naomi. Arthur's nanny, Lillian Hobson  – who normally dislikes all of Arthur's choices in women – gets to know and like Naomi. Arthur learns that Naomi would like to have her children's book about the Statue of Liberty published. He attempts to find employment and other options so that he will be able to keep seeing Naomi and not need the inheritance, but to no avail. Hobson takes Arthur to an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting, where Arthur complains that it is depressing and makes him want to drink. He proclaims he is going to drink, unintentionally brags about his wealth, and turns to leave the meeting. Hobson stands up and takes the bullet, giving Arthur’s humiliating introduction in his place. Arthur, touched, states that if only she would do his drinking for him as well, he would be set. Arthur goes to see Naomi at her house and tells her the truth – that he is engaged to Susan. Naomi then tells him to leave. Back home, Arthur calls for Hobson, only for Bitterman to come and tell him that she is in bed with a headache. Later, Hobson goes to Naomi and asks her to give Arthur another chance, but she again falls ill and is taken to a hospital. Naomi calls Arthur to tell him what has happened. He comes to the hospital, meets Naomi and is about to make up with her, but Susan arrives and tells Naomi that Arthur has bought the company that is handling the publication of her book. Upset, Naomi leaves the hospital. Hobson comes home and Arthur takes care of her. The two begin to get along better. However, a few days later, Hobson dies in her sleep and Arthur reverts to alcoholism to numb the pain of her death, the loss of Naomi and being married to Susan. At his wedding, Arthur gets drunk and finds Hobson's last letter to him in which she advises him to follow his heart. Arthur decides, during the vows, not to proceed with the marriage. Susan and her father become belligerent and begin punching him, which makes Vivienne realize that Susan is only after her company. Nevertheless, Vivienne still wants Susan to be Arthur's wife, so she again threatens him with disinheritance if he pursues Naomi. Arthur strips nearly naked to emphasise that he wants no kind of dependency on his mother's money and runs to Naomi's apartment. He tells her that he just lost his mum  but Naomi, still upset with him, says she can't replace Hobson and refuses any prospect of their getting back together. Six months later, Arthur is now sober. He has got back his inheritance because he is managing the company's charity. He goes to a bookshop to buy Naomi's book – which she has dedicated to him – and sees an advertisement for a book-reading she will be giving at a library. Arthur goes to the library and, this time, Naomi takes him back. The two leave the library and Bitterman drives them through the city in the Batmobile with the police following in pursuit."] ['Anna Kalman is an accomplished London-based actress who has given up hope of finding the man of her dreams. Through her brother-in-law she meets a handsome economist, Philip Adams, and they fall in love. However, he is keeping a secret from her. As opposed to being a married man who pretends to be single, Philip is a bachelor who pretends to be married. When she learns of his lie, Anna becomes furious and works out a plan to get even. However after an open conversation they plan to get married.'] ["Thomas Kresk is a loser—he isn't good at his job, he's been tossed out of his home, and his wife just dumped him for the marriage counselor. Now he's depressed, and contemplating suicide. And yes, things get worse: a criminal named Avnet  has stolen three priceless coins, and decided to blackmail Bollingsworth , his billionaire partner in crime. After Kresk overhears this, he almost gets shot—and Avnet ends up impaled on a pair of barbers' scissors. Now Kresk is in a considerably nastier situation, so he steals the gun and the coins. But things take a sharp turn when he hires a hit man named Mikey , and discovers that the hit man is only seventeen and emotionally traumatized by his parents' suicide. And that Kresk is falling for the cop/Playboy model Sgt. Meredith Kolko , and that his nephew Scottie  has now swallowed the coins. Now Kresk is in over his head, and has to deal with the strange and sometimes dangerous people around him."] ['In a small Pennsylvania town in 1957 Mike Shea  dreams of escaping small town life and moving to California with his girlfriend Brenda Carlucci. But Brenda leaves him with his motor running and Mike takes off alone. Along the way, he rescues a woman and her children from a river but perishes himself. He finds himself in Heaven, where his Aunt Lisa greets him, and explains the rules and regulations. Once in the ethereal realm, Mike falls in love with a heavenly guide named Annie Packert . Their love is abruptly interrupted because Annie has not yet earned her wings on Earth; she must leave on a tour of duty and put in time inhabiting a human body. Mike is beside himself with despair, but the heavenly powers, in the form of Emmett Humbird, chain-smoking and sporting an orange crew-cut, offer him a deal. Mike can return to Earth, with the stipulation neither he nor Annie will remember each other. He then has thirty years in which they must find each other again.'] ["In 1913 Barcelona, Alma, who is nine-months pregnant, returns home one day to find her husband, Leon, an eminent psychiatrist, about to flee their home and his practice. He has come back from a session with Dr. Freud in Vienna that has left him distraught. Left to have her baby alone, the witty and beautiful Alma enlists the help of her sister’s husband – also a psychiatrist - the dispassionate, repressed Salvador, to help her solve the mystery of Leon’s sudden departure. Ignoring his better judgment, Salvador agrees to help her, even though he sees it could be trouble for him with his prim, frigid wife, Olivia, Alma’s sister. There is a sibling rivalry between Alma and Olivia that is shared by their husbands. Olivia is jealous of her feminist sister as the favorite of their father, Dr. Mira, the pompous chief of staff in the hospital where both Leon and Salvador have their practice. Helping her father, Alma serves as translator in a lecture by Dr. Alois Alzheimer – who is unable to remember anything. The beautiful Alma is as free-spirited as Salvador is uptight. Helping her, Salvador quickly runs into trouble. After an accidental self-hypnosis, he confesses that he is deeply in love with Alma, and that he married her sister, the ostensibly sexually inhibited Olivia, only to be near her. Still under hypnosis, traumatized by comments made by his wife regarding the size of his member, he exposes himself in a public place and his father-in-law fires him from his job. A trail of clues initially indicates that Leon’s disappearance may be connected to the concealment of embarrassing revelations about the sex life of the King of Spain, Alfonso XIII. Hints also led them to the back room of a barn that serves as a hide-out for making pornographic films. They also visit a deranged woman in a mad-house, a cross-dressing club and a high-class bordello, led all the while by clues contained in Leon’s thesis: a detailed journal of his psychoanalytic sessions with four women he is treating for “hysteria”: a psychotic woman who tried to murder her husband; an actress with a persecution complex; a woman with a serious crisis concerning her sexual identity; and a stranger who has discovered a terrible secret about her past. Salvador and Alma's investigation reveals a series of outrageous secrets. These include that Olivia has been living a secret life, going to a transvestite club. She has a lesbian lover and plans to leave her husband. Alma’s alcoholic housekeeper, the unsympathetic Senora Mingarro, turns out to be Leo’s biological mother, the result of a torrid affair with Dr. Mira, which makes Alma and Leon's marriage an incestuous union. The sudden reappearance of Leon only complicates things further. Eventually they all attend a distinguished gathering in honor of Dr. Freud, who has come to Barcelona to discourse on his new book, “Totem and Taboo.” Since Leon attributes all of his problems to Dr. Freud's theories on sexuality, he plans to kill him. However, the fall of a big chandelier aborts the assassination attempt. Leon and Dr. Mira die as a result of the accident with the chandelier. Olivia leaves for Paris where she wants to have a freer life with her lesbian lover. Alma gives birth to a baby boy. She realizes that she has fallen in love with Salvador and they become a happy couple."] ['Buster , a sidewalk tintype portrait photographer, develops a crush on Sally , a secretary who works for MGM Newsreels. To be near her, he purchases an old film camera, emptying his bank account, and attempts to get a job as one of MGM\'s filmers. Harold ([[Harold Goodwin , an MGM cameraman who has designs on Sally himself, mocks his ambition. Sally, however, encourages Buster and suggests he film anything and everything. Buster\'s first attempts show his total lack of experience. He double exposes or over exposes much of the footage, and the rest is simply no good. Despite this setback, Sally agrees to go out with Buster, after her Sunday date cancels. They go to the city plunge , where Buster gets involved in numerous mishaps. Later, Harold offers Sally a ride home; Buster has to sit in the rumble seat, where he gets drenched in the rain. The next day, Sally gives him a hot tip she has just received that something big is going to happen in Chinatown. In his rush to get there, he accidentally runs into an organ grinder, who falls and apparently kills his monkey. A nearby cop makes Buster pay for the monkey and take its body with him. The monkey turns out only to be dazed and joins Buster on his venture. In Chinatown, Buster films the outbreak of a "Tong War", narrowly escaping death on several occasions. At the end, he is rescued from Tong members by the timely arrival of the police, led by a cop  who had been the unintentional victim of several of Buster\'s antics over the last few days. The cop tries to have him committed to the mental hospital, but Buster makes his escape with his camera intact. Returning to MGM, Buster and the newsreel company\'s boss are dismayed to find that he apparently forgot to load film into his camera. When Sally finds herself in trouble for giving Buster the tip, Buster offers to make amends by leaving MGM alone once and for all. Buster returns to his old job, but does not give up on filming, setting up to record a boat race. He then discovers that he has Tong footage after all; the mischievous monkey had switched the reels. Sally and Harold are speeding along in one of the boats. When Harold makes too sharp a turn, the two are thrown into the river. Harold saves himself, but Sally is trapped by the circling boat. Buster jumps in and rescues her. When Buster rushes to a drug store to get medical supplies to revive her, Harold returns and takes credit for the rescue. The two go off, leaving the broken-hearted Buster behind. Buster decides to send his Tong footage to MGM free of charge. The boss decides to screen it for Harold and Sally for laughs, but is thrilled by what he sees, calling it the best camerawork he has seen in years. They also see footage of Buster\'s rescue of Sally . The boss sends Sally to get Buster. She tells him he is in for a great reception. Buster assumes a ticker-tape parade is in his honor, whereas it is really for Charles Lindbergh.'] ['Jonny Vang  lives on the Norwegian countryside, where he is trying to establish a business breeding earthworms. His ambitions to expand are thwarted by the bank manager , who will not lend him the necessary money. He lives with his mother Brita  and her difficult friend Odvar . On top of all of this, he is also carrying out an affair with Tuva {{spaced ndash}}the wife of his best friend Magnus . Things get even worse when an unknown assailant knocks him over the head with a shovel.'] ["Basil Underwood and Joyce Arden are an egotistical acting team known for their romantic scenes on stage and fiery temperaments off. Although they deeply love each other, their frequent spats over the years have kept them from tying the knot. Comic complications ensue when Basil postpones their latest marriage plans in order to attempt to diminish the ardor of star-struck heiress Marcia West at the request of her fiancé Henry Grant. When Basil's boorish behavior fails to bother Marcia, who is all-too-willing to submit to his charms, he begins to capitalize on her infatuation with him, much to Joyce's dismay. The sceenplay allows Leslie Howard to draw on his classical background by having his character quote lines from Macbeth, Hamlet, The Taming of the Shrew, and Romeo and Juliet."] ['Claire, a mild-mannered parking attendant, lives in a small flat with her mother who is recovering from a recent stroke. In the opening sequence she patrols the Los Angeles streets and stumbles into an old flame, who introduces Claire to his wife and ill-behaved daughter. Reeling from the chance encounter, she steps out onto the street and is hit by a passing vehicle. Returning to work, Claire attracts the attention of another parking attendant, an extremely blunt and aggressive man named Jay whose home life consists mainly of entertaining himself using the services of a webcam porn site and phone service. Claire witnesses him fighting with her best friend, a neighbor working for a delivery service who parks on the curb to unload her consignment, but does not bring it up with either party. She develops a crush on Jay, but in each conversation Jay takes issue with some entirely innocuous comment Claire has made and storms off in disgust. Nonetheless, he keeps coming back for more. One night as Claire prepares to join him at the office party, she finds her mother slumped over—dead—in a bowl of mashed potato. In shock, she simply picks up her coat and leaves for the party. She sits alone, watching Jay dance with another woman, until finally Jay asks in brutal terms what is the matter. She takes him home to show him the problem. Claire decides that rather than call an ambulance she prefers to have the situation dealt with by family. She calls her mother\'s vain and self-obsessed sister, who lives in a different part of the city. Her aunt says it is too far to come at that hour of the night, but if she wants to, Claire can come pick up a necklace belonging to her mother. Jay insists on staying the night to "take care" of Claire, promising to sleep on the couch. But he goes to Claire\'s narrow bed and starts to remove her clothes. After a few seconds of brutal thrusting, during which he talks to her as if she were the phone sex service he uses so frequently, he rolls over and falls asleep. From that point on, Jay and Claire maintain a tenuous sort of relationship, hung mainly on Claire\'s optimism and Jay\'s desire for sex and attention. At work, Jay is suspended for his aggressive behavior with parking offenders, which has earned him an impressive complaints record. He watches a crafts documentary on carpentry and decides to make a love seat. Jay offers to drive Claire to her aunt\'s house to pick up her mother\'s necklace, lying to her over his disciplining at work. He drives her to the other side of the city, with her seated on the makeshift love seat in his parking attendant\'s vehicle. Her aunt insists that they all go out drinking; Jay and Claire end up in a hotel room. Jay gives Claire a tiny, pink PVC bikini and tells her she should lose weight, which Claire takes in stride, as she has previously with his other insinuations and outright insults. During her next shift, Claire is informed that she is being promoted for her exemplary behavior. To celebrate she goes to Jay\'s apartment but swiftly realizes that he was visited by a prostitute immediately before her arrival. She leaves in disgust. Jay goes to her apartment to apologize. Dressed in a more fashionable and confident style, she is outspokenly skeptical about his behavior, but submits when he pulls her to the floor for another round of uncomfortable sex. When it is over, Jay expresses that he has burgeoning feelings of commitment to Claire, but she asks him to leave. In the end, Claire once again walks her beat alone. Another vehicle nearly catches her at the site of her prior accident, but this time she escapes unscathed, and smiles in relief.'] ["The film begins with a succession of real-life film directors - including Michael Curtiz, King Vidor, and Raoul Walsh - refusing to helm a new Warners flick, Mademoiselle Fifi, because Jack Carson has been signed to star in it. Frustrated, fictional studio head Arthur Trent  finally decides to let Carson direct it. Seeking the perfect co-star for himself and fellow lead, frenemy Dennis Morgan, Carson finds her in the person of studio commissary waitress Judy Adams . Judy has been in Hollywood for three months without even one audition, and sneaks her way into Carson's office, where she forces him to give her a chance. A self-proclaimed liar, Carson advises her to pose as his secret bride to Morgan. He, however, does not fall for Judy's act and reveals Carson as the liar Judy did not know he was. Following an angry outburst, she leaves the studio, having felt used by the two actors for their entertainment. Moving on, Carson continues his search for his romantic interest in the film, but nobody seems to be willing to work with him. When Jane Wyman is offered the role, she even faints. Dennis suggests Carson that he should cast an unknown, because only outsiders are unaware of his image and would be willing to work with him. Judy is the first person that comes to their mind, though they do not know that - because of them - Judy has become disillusioned by Hollywood and is set to return to her home town, Goerkes Corner, Wisconsin. Both Carson and Morgan want to be the one who has discovered Judy officially, and go their separate ways to convince Judy to return to Warner Brothers and assume the role. With the help from Danny Kaye, both men, having arrived at the station at the same time to stop Judy from leaving, succeed in making Judy believe that they will help her get her big break in the movies. Carson and Morgan start by dressing Judy as a film star in order to impress Trent, the head of casting. At a shop, Joan Crawford notices that Judy is taken advantage of, and condemns both men for it, before leaving. Carson remembers that Trent likes to discover his own talent, so he dresses Judy in a number of different guises - such as an elevator operator, a cab driver and a dentist assistant - in the hope Trent will see her, appreciate her potential, and insist Carson cast the unknown. Unfortunately, all Trent keeps seeing is a pretty blonde with a goofy smile and blinking eyes. Morgan, having lost all hope, discourages Judy from becoming an actress, but she is now determined to have her big break, explaining the hard work she has done to afford acting and singing lessons, as well as moving to Hollywood. By this time, both men are now not only fighting over discovering Judy, but also for her romantic attention. Carson and Morgan attempt to arrange a screen test for Judy, and continue their schemes in order to impress her. They are stopped at the studio, but Edward G. Robinson helps them sneak in. In the studio, they arrange for Judy to perform the song That Was a Big Fat Lie on camera directed by a reluctant Ray Heindorf. The screen test undergoes technical difficulties, which startles Trent when seeing it, and it results to a nervous breakdown and a cancellation of production of Mademoiselle Fifi. As a final attempt, Carson and Morgan conspire to disguise Judy as a famous French film star with dark hair named Yvonne Amour - and an inaccurate accent - but Trent still manages to recognize her despite the great amount of media coverage that 'Yvonne' is receiving, including a meeting with Eleanor Parker and Patricia Neal and a performance of the song At the Cafe Rendezvous. Upset with all the backstage shenanigans she's been forced to endure, Judy returns home to Goerkes Corner, Wisconsin to marry long-time sweetheart Jeffrey Bushdinkle . Carson and Morgan consider stopping her, but Judy's friend Grace  makes them realize that she will be much happier with her fiance in a small town than an uncertain career in Hollywood, and they step back. Judy catches them promising another girl a career in the pictures, confirming her doubt of having been used by the actors. She leaves in tears and coincidentally shares the train with Trent, who fears that Judy is making another attempt to impress him. Now realizing her talent, Trent offers Judy a career in pictures, but she thinks he is lying as well and rejects him. Nonetheless, Trent announces that the film is back in production with Judy Adams as the only contender for the lead role. Carson and Morgan rush to Goerkes Corner to share the news with Judy, but realize that they have to interfere with her wedding, and decide to leave to let Judy lead a small town life."] ["Margaret Garrison is a stage actress who has spent her career starring in virginal roles, although she would relish the opportunity to play someone less savory, such as an Italian prostitute, at least once before she retires. When a blackout shutters her current Broadway play for the night, she returns home unexpectedly and discovers her architect husband Peter being overly attentive to attractive reporter Roberta Lane. Infuriated, she heads to the couple's weekend house in Connecticut and takes a potion to fall asleep. When embezzler Waldo Zane develops car trouble near Margaret's home, he sneaks in, unwittingly takes some of the elixir himself, and falls into a deep sleep beside her. Peter shows up, assumes his wife has been unfaithful, and heads back to Manhattan. Margaret's agent Ladislaus Walichek, anxious because she has announced her plan to retire, keeps her husband's jealousy burning in the hope their marriage will crumble and she'll be forced to continue working to support herself. Margaret and Peter eventually reconcile, but new questions about what really happened when the lights went out arise when she gives birth exactly nine months after that fateful night."] ["Matt Riddlehoover wrote, directed, edited and stars in this seriocomic feature about a gay playwright who feeds off his stubborn attraction to the wrong type of guy . When he attracts the attention of a newspaper columnist  who will champion his work, success seems guaranteed until he meets her boyfriend - played by Brandon. The film excels in Riddlehoover's delivery as the self-absorbed, flawed hero. His timing is impressive, given that he was also directing himself. Winner of the MySpace Film User's Choice Award."] ['Hansel Schmidt  is a philosophical East German "slip of a girly boy" who loves rock music, and is stuck in East Berlin until he meets Luther Robinson , an American soldier. Luther falls in love with Hansel and the two decide to marry. This plan will allow Hansel to leave communist East Germany for the capitalist West. However, in order to be married, the couple must consist of a man and a woman. Hansel\'s mother, Hedwig , gives her child her name and passport and finds a doctor to perform a sex change. The operation is botched, however, leaving Hansel – now Hedwig – with a dysfunctional one-inch mound of flesh between her legs, the eponymous "Angry Inch". Hedwig goes to live in Junction City, Kansas as Luther\'s wife. On their first wedding anniversary, Luther leaves Hedwig for a man. That same day, it is announced that the Berlin Wall has fallen and Germany will reunite, meaning as material gains go, Hedwig\'s sacrifices have been for nothing. Hedwig recovers from the separation by forming a rock band composed of Korean-born Army wives . Hedwig befriends a shy and misunderstood Christian teenager, Tommy Speck , with whom she writes some songs. Hedwig falls in love with Tommy, and believes he is her "other half". Hedwig gives him the stage name "Tommy Gnosis" , but he later leaves her and goes on to become a wildly successful rock star with the songs Hedwig wrote alone and with him. "Internationally ignored" Hedwig and her band of Eastern Europeans, the Angry Inch, are forced to support themselves by playing coffee bars and strip mall dives. Throughout the film, these gigs are performed at a chain seafood restaurant called Bilgewater\'s. Hedwig is following Tommy\'s tour in order to pursue a copyright lawsuit. She tells unsuspecting diners her life story. Throughout the film, Hedwig refers to Aristophanes\' speech in Plato\'s Symposium. This myth, retold by Hedwig in the song "The Origin of Love", explains that human beings were once round, two-faced, four-armed, and four-legged beings. Angry gods split these early humans in two, leaving the separated people with a lifelong yearning for their other half. Near the end of the film, Hedwig is down and out. While working as a streetwalker, she finally meets Gnosis and they reconcile. After paparazzi burst onto the scene, Hedwig becomes famous and Gnosis\' popularity suffers. Reunited with her band, Hedwig performs at Times Square Bilgewater\'s culminating in a violent removal of her drag. We enter the final chapter of the film, one that seems to take place in a non-real space, perhaps Hedwig\'s mind. Now in male form, Hedwig discovers him/herself alone in front of Tommy on a huge stage. He sings to her, pleading forgiveness and saying goodbye; she realizes that she created her "other half" from within herself. Hedwig then finds him/herself in white heavenly space with her band and an audience all dressed in white. Hedwig gives Yitzhak her blonde wig and sings a song of triumph and solidarity with "all the misfits and losers" of the world. A brief animated sequence symbolizing the union of the separated Platonic halves leads to the final shot: Hedwig walking naked down a dark alley and into the street.'] ['Margaret is a beautiful and successful businesswoman selling power plants to the Chinese. With an adoring English lover, she appears to have everything going for her. On her fortieth birthday, Margaret receives the first bundle of letters she wrote to herself when she was seven years old. A jumble of colorful collages, photographs, and wildly creative puzzles seem to have come from a different girl entirely. In a letter the seven year old Margaret writes, "Dear me. Today I am seven years old and I\'m writing you this letter to help you remember the promises I made when I was 7, and also to remind you of what I want to become..." As her letters to herself keep arriving, Margaret finds herself becoming disenchanted. The letters evoke long-forgotten memories and cast doubt on many of the choices she made in her life. In many ways she\'s become the opposite of what she hoped to become as a child. Margaret visits her childhood village and, by reconnecting with people who see in her the girl they once knew, she starts finding her way to the woman she vowed to become.'] ['During the Great Depression, Godfrey "Smith"  is living alongside other men down on their luck at the city dump. One night, spoiled socialite Cornelia Bullock  offers him five dollars to be her "forgotten man" for a scavenger hunt. Annoyed, he advances on her, causing her to retreat and fall on a pile of ashes. She leaves in a fury, much to the glee of her younger sister, Irene . After talking with her, Godfrey finds her to be kind, if a bit scatter-brained. He offers to go with Irene to help her beat Cornelia. In the ballroom of the Waldorf-Ritz Hotel, Irene\'s long-suffering businessman father, Alexander Bullock , waits resignedly as his ditsy wife, Angelica , and her mooching "protégé" Carlo  play the frivolous game. Godfrey arrives and is "authenticated" by the scavenger hunt judge as a "forgotten man". He then addresses the idle rich, expressing his contempt for their antics. Irene is apologetic and offers him a job as the family butler, which he gratefully accepts. The next morning, Godfrey is shown what to do by the sardonic, wise-cracking maid, Molly , the only servant who has been able to put up with the antics of the family. She warns him that he is just the latest in a long line of butlers. Only slightly daunted, he proves to be surprisingly competent, although Cornelia still holds a sizeable grudge. On the other hand, Irene considers Godfrey to be her protégé, and is thrilled by his success. A complication arises when a guest, Tommy Gray , greets Godfrey familiarly as an old friend. Godfrey quickly ad-libs that he was Tommy\'s valet at school. Tommy plays along, mentioning Godfrey\'s non-existent wife and five children. Dismayed, Irene impulsively announces her engagement to the surprised Charlie Van Rumple , but she soon breaks down in tears and flees after being politely congratulated by Godfrey. Over lunch the next day, Tommy is curious to know what one of the elite "Parkes of Boston" is doing as a servant. Godfrey explains that a broken love affair had left him considering suicide, but the optimistic, undaunted attitude of the men living at the dump rekindled his spirit. Meanwhile, when everything she does to make Godfrey\'s life miserable fails, Cornelia sneaks into his room and plants her pearl necklace under his mattress. She then calls the police to report her "missing" jewelry. To Cornelia\'s surprise, the pearls do not turn up, even when she suggests they check Godfrey\'s bed. Mr. Bullock realizes his daughter has orchestrated the whole thing and sees the policemen out.  The Bullocks then send their daughters off to Europe to get Irene away from Godfrey. When they return, Cornelia implies that she intends to seduce Godfrey. Worried, Irene stages a fainting spell and falls into Godfrey\'s arms. He carries her to her bed, but while searching for smelling salts, he realizes she\'s faking when he sees her  sit up briefly. In revenge, he puts her in the shower and turns on the cold water full blast. Far from quenching her attraction, this merely confirms her hopes: "Oh Godfrey, now I know you love me...You do or you wouldn\'t have lost your temper." When confronted by the rest of the family, Godfrey quits. But Mr. Bullock has more pressing concerns. He first has a private "little chat" with Carlo, throwing the freeloader out. He then announces that his business is in dire financial straits and that he might even be facing criminal charges. Godfrey interrupts with unexpected good news—realizing Mr. Bullock\'s problems, Godfrey had sold short, using money raised by pawning Cornelia\'s necklace, then buying up the stock that Bullock had sold. He endorses over the stock certificates to the stunned Mr. Bullock, saving the family from financial ruin. He also returns the necklace to a humbled Cornelia, who apologizes for her attempt to frame him. Afterwards, Godfrey takes his leave. With the rest of his stock profits and reluctant business partner Tommy Gray\'s backing, Godfrey has built a fashionable nightclub at the dump, "...giving food and shelter to fifty people in the winter, and giving them employment in the summer." Godfrey tells Tommy he quit being the Bullocks\' butler because "he felt that foolish feeling coming along again." Later on, though, Irene tracks him down and bulldozes him into marriage, saying, "Stand still, Godfrey, it\'ll all be over in a minute."'] ["The film follows three teenagers, Billy , Rodel , and Maribel , and their exploits only weeks after graduating from high school. After Billy decides to audition for the regional musical, he meets a college student, Tara , who is also an aspiring actor. Billy's ambition expectedly puts a strain on his relationships with his best friends, Rodel and Maribel. Rodel, meanwhile, struggles with coming out of the closet to his single father , while Maribel struggles to figure out what to do next in life."] ['John Cleves  is a businessman with an office in New York and a home in New Jersey. On one day of each week, Wednesday, he spends the night in the city, lying to wife Dorothy  that he is out of town on business when he actually is seeing Ellen, his mistress . A business client, Cass Henderson , comes to town and is unable to find a hotel room for the night. Cleves\' new secretary knows of an "executive suite" the boss maintains in town, so Cass is sent there for the night. When he meets Ellen, he mistakenly assumes she is a certain kind of lady hired by Cleve to entertain him. The secretary compounds the error by telling Dorothy about the apartment. She goes there and discovers Ellen and Cass, assuming them to be a young couple. The women take a liking to each other so Dorothy invites them to spend an evening out on the town with her and John. Dorothy eventually catches on to what her husband is up to and leaves him. Ellen invites her to use the apartment. John goes there and tries to win his wife\'s love back, but she just tells her husband to come visit her on any Wednesday.'] ['Andy Stitzer  is the eponymous 40 year-old virgin; he is involuntarily celibate. He lives alone, is somewhat childlike, collects action figures, plays video games, and his social life seems to consist of watching Survivor with his elderly neighbors. He works in the stockroom at an electronics store called SmartTech. When a friend drops out of a poker game, Andy\'s co-workers David , Cal , and Jay  reluctantly invite Andy to join them. At the game, when conversation turns to past sexual exploits, Andy desperately makes up a story, but admits his virginity when he compares the feel of a woman\'s breast to a "bag of sand". Feeling sorry for him , the group resolves to help Andy lose his virginity. Throughout the next several days, the gang’s efforts prove to be unsuccessful, partly because all three men give Andy different and sometimes contradictory advice. They take him to have his chest waxed . Cal advises Andy to simply ask questions when talking to women, which makes Andy seem mysterious. His advice proves to be the most helpful, when Beth , a bookstore clerk, takes a liking to Andy. Andy starts to open up, and begins to form true friendships with his co-workers. David continues to obsess over his ex-girlfriend, Amy . After meeting her unexpectedly during a speed-dating event attended by the group, he has an emotional breakdown while making a sale and is subsequently sent home by store manager Paula , who promotes Andy to fill in for him. Jay, seeing Andy\'s continued reluctance to approach female customers, attempts to force the issue by hiring Andy a prostitute. When Andy discovers that Jay has inadvertently hired a transvestite, he is prompted to confront his friends, and tells them that he is taking matters into his own hands. Andy lands a date with Trish Piedmont , a woman he met on the sales floor who owns a store across the street. After Andy and Trish\'s first date, in which they are interrupted by Trish’s teenage daughter Marla  as they are about to have sex, Andy decides to tell Trish he is a virgin. Before he can tell her, Trish suggests that they postpone having sex, to which Andy enthusiastically agrees; they decide they won’t have sex until their twentieth date. Meanwhile, Paula is impressed by Andy\'s salesmanship and promotes him to floor manager. As Andy draws closer to his twentieth date with Trish, his friends begin to deal with the consequences of their lifestyles. David, still spiraling in his obsession with Amy, has become disillusioned with sex and has taken a vow of celibacy, prompting Cal to lure him out by hiring an attractive young woman named Bernadette  to work in the stockroom. After overreacting during an argument with an obnoxious customer ([[Kevin Hart , Jay reveals that his girlfriend Jill broke up with him after learning he has been cheating on her. Andy comforts Jay, who says that sex can ruin a relationship. However, Jill later decides to take Jay back . Andy and Trish’s relationship grows, and Trish suggests that Andy sell his collectible action figures in order to raise enough money to open his own store. When they finally reach the twentieth date, Andy is still reluctant and resists Trish, upsetting her. An argument ensues, in which Andy accuses Trish of pushing him into changing his life against his will, and Andy leaves for the nightclub where Jay is celebrating his girlfriend’s pregnancy. He quickly gets drunk, and after running into Beth, leaves for her apartment with her. Meanwhile, David finally relinquishes his celibacy and hooks up with Bernadette, and Trish’s daughter Marla convinces her to go and make up with Andy. By this time Andy has sobered up and, after witnessing Beth\'s methods of foreplay, he starts to have second thoughts. As Andy is leaving her bathroom, he finds his friends waiting outside, having followed to warn him about Beth and encourage him to go back to Trish. They leave together , and Andy returns to his apartment, where he finds Trish waiting for him. He attempts to apologize, but Trish, having found myriad suspicious belongings in his apartment, now thinks that Andy may be some sort of sexual deviant. Andy tries to convince her otherwise and declares his love for her, but she leaves in alarm and disgust. Andy chases after her on his bike but eventually runs headlong into the side of a truck. Trish rushes to his side in concern, and he finally confesses to her that he is a virgin. She is surprised to learn that this is the reason behind his strange behavior, as she does not consider it to be important, and they kiss. Later, Andy and Trish are married in a lavish ceremony with everyone in attendance, with a sidelong mention of Andy\'s action figures having sold for approximately half a million dollars. Afterwards, consummate the marriage, ending Andy\'s status as a virgin. The film ends with a celebratory fantasy musical scene in which the cast of the film sing and dance to "Aquarius/Let the Sunshine In".'] ["Ralph is a retired police officer who has worked as a New York cop for over 38 years. He plans on visiting his niece Jennifer in Chicago for the holidays. Jennifer is a successful businesswoman and the single mother of her young son Brian. She grew up all her life mostly at Ralph's, as her mother was constantly traveling and her father died when she was very young. Since then, she has lost her Christmas spirit. At the airport, Ralph has no idea where he has to be and he is helped by co-traveller Morgan Derby, a 30-year-old chef who has trouble accepting his age. When it turns out his second flight to Denver is cancelled, Ralph offers Morgan to stay at Jennifer's place. Initially, Jennifer is reluctant to take in Morgan, but she allows him to stay, since he is a top chef and she needs someone to make her son a turkey. They soon come to the conclusion that they are two completely different people. Jennifer is irritated by his careless and adventurous behavior and Morgan feels that she is a cynical control freak, which is mostly the result of dating the successful but materialistic businessman Richard Windom. Ralph, however, feels that they are perfect for each other and tries to prevent Jennifer from sending Morgan away. When Jennifer is about to set him off at the airport, it turns out Ralph has stolen his passport. Jennifer and Morgan end up spending the entire day together and bond. With a lot of trouble and some illegal activities, Morgan is able to get Brian the one Christmas gift he wished for: rocketwheel, a very rare bicycle. Later that night, on Christmas Eve, Morgan makes Brian believe in Santa Claus again, by climbing on the roof and pretending to be one of Santa's helpers. Meanwhile, Jen and Richard attend a formal party and get engaged. Upon hearing the news, Morgan feels disappointed and leaves. Jennifer is mad when she finds out, but softens up when Ralph tells her that Morgan nearly killed himself on the roof, trying to make Brian believe in Christmas again. Finally convinced by Ralph and Morgan's opinion on Richard and realizing she is in love with Morgan, she breaks off the engagement. She rushes to the airport, trying to stop Morgan from leaving. In the end, they become a couple."] ['Maung Nay Toe is a very privileged child, the only son of a wealthy merchant family residing in Taunggyi. As his parents were very disciplined, he grew up well-behaved, being polite in speech and manner and sheltered from some of the harsher realities of life. Maung Nay Toe eventually leaves home and arrives in Yangon to pursue a music career and quickly becomes friends with poorer roommate Maung Yin Maung. One day, Maung Nay Toe proceeds to town to record a song and becomes infatuated with a girl named Ma Wah Saw Nge, the daughter of a retired school principal and equally privelaged but shy, but also a snob. She gives him an ultimatum that unless he gave up his singing and to return to his wealthy family, their love life would come to an end. Meanwhile, Maung Yin Maung, having met a girl name "Khayt" at his training course, also falls in love, but eventually drift apart due to stark difference in their personality traits and attitude. Maung Nay Toe and Maung Yin Maung now both suffering knock backs in love begin to feel depressed and briefly suffer from insomnia. When they eventually get some sleep they experience dreams which reflects their desires -to become acceptable to their ex girlfriends and re kindle their relationships. What they don\'t know is that the girls are also regretting their actions and eventually they became lovers again in the end.Myanmar Entertainment :: Cy-Tainment Movies - Movies Trailers'] ['Frustrated with the fact that he cannot give his wife Priscilla  an orgasm, Jack  moves out of the house and starts a relationship with Kristen , his student. Unfulfilled, Priscilla forms an unlikely partnership with Wayne , a businessman more than twice her age.'] ['{{Plot}} A man is riding his bicycle through Paris. He arrives at his shop, a perfume store. After peering into the store and sniffing, he immediately becomes scared and runs away. He shouts out in a panic and runs up to a gendarme for assistance. The gendarme agrees to help the man out of his predicament and looks into the shop and it is revealed that Pepe Le Pew, a smelly skunk, is inside the store, smelling the various types of perfumes and singing to himself in French. The gendarme looks horrified and speaks in his French accent about the "terrible odor," which is implied by brownish "fumes" emanating from Pepe Le Pew\'s tail, then runs away as quickly as he can. The perfume store owner cries out that he will now be bankrupt. He then notices a black female cat  rubbing against his legs saying "Le mew, Le purr." The shop owner picks up the feline and flings her into the store, ordering her to "Remove that skunk, that polecat pole from the premises. Avec!". As is part of the running gag of how a female black cat is believed by Pepe to be "le femme skunk fatale", a bottle of white dye spills from a desk and runs down the head, back and tail of the cat.  Pepe Le Pew immediately sees her and mistakes her for a skunk. The female cat smells Pepe\'s odor and immediately tries to run away, chased by Pepe. As she attempts to wiggle free as Pepe tells her things such as: "it is love at sight first, no?" and "we will make beautiful music together." Just before Pepe tries to kiss her, she breaks free. She climbs into the sink in an attempt to wash the stripe and the smell off but is unsuccessful. She runs to a window and tries to open it, but it is stuck. She finally takes refuge inside a locked glass cabinet, much to Pepe\'s chagrin. Pepe first tries to lure her out sweetly, then demands that she come out of the cabinet. She refuses, indicating that it is due to his odor. Pepe Le Pew signals "Me?" to which the female cat angrily agrees. Pepe Le Pew becomes saddened and finally realizes his stupidity, pulls out a gun and holds it up to his head, then walks out of sight and fires the weapon, presumably killing himself. This scene was edited out for many years, , but later restored. Panicked, the female cat rushes out to save him, only to run directly into Pepe\'s arms. He says to her: "I missed, fortunately for you," and begins attempting to kiss her once again. The chase continues until Pepe finds her on the windowsill and says that she is trying to prove her love for him by committing suicide, but that he will save her. Pepe grabs for her, but she slips through his arms. Pepe then calls out: "Vive l\'amour, we die together" and steps off the window ledge. The female cat falls into a barrel of water under a rainspout, while Pepe lands in a can of blue paint. When Pepe climbs out he is blue, and he sees the ragged-looking, sneezing wet cat beside him with the white skunk-like stripe washed off and does not recognize her. He asks if she has seen a "beautiful young lady skunk", then wanders off to find her. As he calls out to his "lady skunk", the soaked black cat watches his muscular blue form walking away and her heart begins to pound. When Pepe goes back into the perfume shop to look for the female skunk, he hears the door shut and the lock behind him. When he turns, he sees the drenched female cat leering at him and begins to panic, realizing that he is now the victim of love. She drops the key to the lock down her neckline as the startled Pepe says "Oh, No!" and runs away. As Pepe runs as fast as he can, the female cat follows using Pepe\'s familiar hopping pace. The short ends with Pepe telling the audience: "You know, it is possible to be too attractive." while continuing to run from the feline.'] ['Brantley Foster  is a recent graduate of Kansas State University who moves to New York City where he has landed a job as a financier. Upon arriving, he discovers that the company for which he is supposed to work has been taken over by a rival corporation. As a result, Brantley is laid off before he even starts working. After several unsuccessful attempts to get another job, mostly because he is either overqualified or underqualified and has little experience, Brantley ends up working in the mailroom of the Pemrose Corporation, which is directed by his uncle, Howard Prescott , the CEO. Pemrose was founded by Prescott\'s father-in-law; Howard received presidency of the company by marrying his boss\'s daughter, Vera Pemrose . Upon inspecting company reports, Brantley realizes that Prescott and most of his fellow "suits"  are making ineffective and/or non-beneficial decisions. After Brantley notices an empty office in the building, due to one of Howard\'s frequent firings, he assumes the identity of Carlton Whitfield, a new executive. While handling two jobs , Brantley also falls head-over-heels for Christy Wills , a fellow financial wizard who recently graduated from Harvard. Brantley meets Vera after driving her home in a company limo . Vera persuades Brantley to stay for a swim and seduces him. Upon seeing Prescott arriving, Brantley and Vera realize they are related . Brantley then gets changed as fast as he can and leaves the mansion without being seen by Prescott. Prescott, without Brantley\'s knowledge, is having an affair with Christy. When Howard asks her to spy on Carlton Whitfield, Christy falls head-over-heels for Carlton, not knowing he is actually Brantley. The Pemrose Corporation is preparing to merge with the infamous Davenport Corporation. Prescott, unaware that Whitfield and Brantley are one and the same person, suspects Carlton is a spy for corporate raider Donald Davenport . In the end, Brantley and Vera raise enough cash, bonds, and stocks to wrest ownership of the Pemrose Corporation from Prescott, and to proceed with a hostile takeover bid of Davenport\'s Corporation. Vera, already contemptuous of Howard for his counter-productive business practices, which were driving her father\'s empire into the ground, learns that Prescott has been cheating on her to boot. She promptly replaces him with Brantley. While security guards escort Howard and his aide, Art Thomas , from the Pemrose Building, Brantley and Christy start planning their future together, personal as well as professional.'] ["Rahul  is a young man with dreams, working as a call center executive in a BPO in Mumbai. He silently loves Neha , a smart young woman who has made it up the ranks in a very short time, due to her relationship with her boss, Ranjeet . In his 30s, Ranjeet is married to Shikha  and has a six-year-old daughter. Shikha is well educated, and a trained dancer. Ranjeet and Shikha decided that she should stay back at home and take care of the house and their child. Their eight-year marriage has turned loveless and bitter. Neglected by an indifferent husband and bogged down by family chores, Shikha is attracted to maverick Akash . Akash is a struggling theater artist who is separated from his wife. Akash and Shikha's relationship starts as friendship and almost blossoms romantically, until Shikha feels guilty and cannot cross the limits that she has so fervently guarded all these years. Amol  is a 70-year-old man who has returned to India after 40 years to spend his last few years with his first love, Shivani , who is also Shikha's former dance teacher. Shikha's sister and Neha's roommate Shruti  works in at Radio Mirchi as a producer. She is 28 and desperate to get married. She meets Monty  through a matrimonial site, but she is unimpressed by the straightforward and socially inept Monty. While Monty likes her and is ready to marry her, she declines when she finds him ogling her. She is, however, dreamy-eyed about her RJ, Rishi K. Her boss hooks her up with Rishi K, and her relationship with him blossoms. Rahul has a novel strategy to rise up the ladder of success. He provides his flat to his superiors at the office, where they can safely bring their mistresses, girlfriends or prostitutes, in return for recommendation for his promotion. Ranjeet also uses the flat to meet Neha. Amidst one of their escapades in Rahul's flat, Neha asks Ranjeet about their future, which leads to an argument. He insults her and leaves. Indignant, she attempts suicide. Rahul finds her lying unconscious, and saves her. He brings her back to his house, which brings them closer. Shruti is heartbroken when she discovers that Rishi K is gay. She leaves the job and gets a new one where she again meets Monty. Slowly, they become friends. Meanwhile, Shruti comes to know about Ranjeet and Neha. Ranjeet panics and confesses to Shikha of his two-year affair with Neha. An already guilt-stricken Shikha cannot hold it in any longer and tells him about her emotional relationship with Akash. Ranjeet is shocked and angry, and decides to leave his wife. Shivani dies. Amol regrets the decision to leave Shivani 40 years back, stressing the importance of love to Shikha and Shruti. Shruti realizes that she loves Monty and tells him so just as he is about to go for his wedding. Meanwhile Akash decides to leave the country and asks Shikha to join him. On the other hand, Rahul is disillusioned with the way the metro has treated him and decides to resign and leave the city. Neha realizes that Rahul really loves her and follows him to the station. Ranjeet returns to Shikha, who is just about to leave for the station to see Akash. Neha chases Rahul. Monty chases Shruti. Shikha comes to the station but not to accompany Akash. She wishes him good luck, tells him that she will miss him. While the credits roll, we are shown Akash still roaming the streets of Mumbai, Shikha and Ranjeet are in a happier marriage, and Rahul is living happily with Neha. Shruti and Monty are also happily married and have a kid."] ["The story sees brother and sister Tom and Ellen Bowen as stars of a show Every Night at Seven, a Broadway success. They are persuaded to take the show to London, capitalising on the imminent Royal Wedding. On the ship, Ellen meets and quickly falls in love  with impoverished but socially well connected aristocrat Lord John Brindale. Whilst casting the show in London, Tom falls in love with a newly engaged dancer, Anne Ashmond. Tom assists Anne to reconcile her estranged parents and also asks his agent to locate Anne's supposed fiancee in Chicago – only to discover that he's married. Carried away by the emotion of the wedding, the two couples decide that they will also be married that day."] ['Set in London, it is the story of a wealthy businessman , who suspects that his wife  is having an affair. He hires a private detective  to follow her. She becomes aware that she is being followed, and the detective realises that she has found out. However rather than abandoning the case, the detective begins an elaborate game of cat and mouse with the complicity of the wife.'] ['Carlos  is a 21-year old who finds himself married to Camila , his 18-year old girlfriend after dating for five years and discovering that she is pregnant. Carlos decides to pursue married life since, he thinks, people marry every day and thus everything will work out fine. He gets a job to support his new family but does not realize the seriousness of his decisions until he discovers that his new boss  is having an affair with his secretary, Lucy , and Monica, his attractive new co-worker  is attempting to seduce him. To complicate things even more, Camila\'s father does not approve of the decision that she and Carlos made. Carlos struggles to defend himself against his father-in-law and from peer-pressure to be unfaithful to his wife. The title of the film derives from Carlos\' co-workers theory that -in Mexico\'s demographics- every man is "entitled" to seven women and a homosexual.'] ["Judge Hardy takes his family to New York City, where he has to appear in court against a law firm that is disputing payments from a trust fund that supports an orphanage. In Carvel, Andy had bragged about knowing a socialite, but he hasn't actually met her. In New York, he manages to do so, thanks to a friend. But he finds the high society life too expensive, and eventually decides that he liked it better back home."] ["Buster Edwards  is a petty criminal from the East End of 1960s London. His long-suffering wife June  thinks of him as a loveable rogue and cannot believe it when she learns of his involvement in the Great Train Robbery. For several months after the robbery, Buster and June are in hiding with their young daughter Nicky  until they are turned in to the police by a suspicious neighbour. Buster flees to Acapulco where he is met by fellow Great Train Robber Bruce Reynolds ([[Larry Lamb  and his girlfriend Franny Reynolds  who are also on the run and living it up in the sun with the profits of their crime. June and Nicky arrive despite the disapproval of her mother  and although Nicky seems to love her new life in the sun, June is immediately not keen on their new way of life, resolving to return to England, despite knowing that if Buster is to return with them, then this will mean imprisonment for him. Buster remains in Acapulco for some time after June leaves, until realising  that despite him having money and the sun, it means nothing if he doesn't have his family and returns to England to accept his punishment. The film closes, 12 years after Buster's release from jail, seemingly content and running a flower stall near Waterloo Bridge on the Thames."] ["After getting into trouble at their seminary, seminarians Gyu-shik and Seon-dal are sent into the country for a month of service under the elderly Father Nam. Upon their arrival, Gyu-shik meets Father Nam's niece, Bong-hie, who has flown across from the United States to see her boyfriend. However, when her boyfriend ends their relationship, Bong-hie finds herself stranded at her uncle's church with nowhere else to go. At first she and Gyu-shik struggle to get along, but eventually they become attracted to one another, and Gyu-shik is forced to question his commitment to the priesthood."] ['Georgina Salt  is a young English contractor living in London who longs to have a baby, which she sees as the one thing missing from her life. In the opening scene, Zach, Georgina\'s long-time boyfriend, is talking on the phone with his sister, who has just had a baby girl. Georgina is obviously more interested in the baby than Zach. After Zach gets off the phone, the couple goes back into their bedroom where Georgina seduces Zach. Zach, however, uses a condom, much to the dismay of Georgina. The next day, Georgina goes shopping for a present for Zach\'s sister\'s baby with her mother. Georgina is taken away by the baby items around her and is saddened by it. When a doctor\'s ad for his clinic for women who want to get pregnant, but may not be able to conceive for much longer, Georgina\'s mother mentions her aunt. Presuming that her aunt was a lesbian, Georgina was never surprised that her aunt had no children, however her mother informs her that she was simply unable to have children; she was too late. A frantic Georgina spends £150 on a blanket, to the surprise of her mother, before leaving the store. At Zach\'s sister\'s house, Georgina is taken by the baby and is allowed to hold her as Zach goofs off with his sister\'s belly sculpture. After breaking the sculpture, Zach blames it on her three-year-old son and the couple soon leave. In the car, Georgina gets upset with Zach over the statue and she is about to ask him a question before he cuts her off saying, "I do not hate babies." Georgina jumps to the conclusion that he does hate babies and demands that he pull over and lets her out. Zach goes to a friend\'s house to \'crash\' while Georgina heads home. Prior to this event, Georgia had gone to the clinic to see how many eggs she had left; her best friend Clem goes with her and receives the call that the two of them are to return. The doctor informs Georgina that she only has one egg left and that she\'d be ovulating for four days. The two women go out on a \'date\' with a young man named Justin, who is completely taken aback when Georgina announces that she has one egg left. Clem and Justin help Georgina form a plan to sleep with a random stranger. On day one, Georgina has an "open house" to rent out her apartment in order to lure men inside. The first few are turned away due to their looks or their gender preference. Finally, a man of great quality comes along, however just before he and Georgina kiss, Zach calls. Georgina kicks the man out and talks to Zach, Alexandra, however says, "Zach, darling, will you zip me up?" An angry Georgina hangs up the phone and Zach isn\'t too pleased with Alexandra. Alexandra is the daughter of a rich man who is funding Zach\'s latest documentary; she is also the reason why Georgina was unable to speak to Zach before he left for a trip. On day two, Georgina goes to a funeral to pick up a man overcome with "emotions" and isn\'t thinking too well. She takes him back to her apartment, leaves to get wine and as she is in the kitchen he discovers her "PLAN" sheet that has all the details about her seducing him on it. He is disgusted and leaves, as Georgina tries to explain herself. Day three, Georgina finds herself with Clem at a night club. They see a very good looking young man, dancing very seductively and attracting all the girls\' attention, and Georgina goes to seduce him. Before successfully seducing the man, she rips her dress in several places to make herself more sultry. At the hotel, Georgina is about to go all the way with him, before she excuses herself to go to the bathroom. While she is taking out her breast pads and washing her mouth out, he steals some of her money and a card before leaving. Georgina comes out to find the lights off and him gone. After cursing her stupidity – and noticing her money and card gone – she goes home. During this time, Zach is seen trying to hurry back to London and has to take the ferry because Alexandra had taken the last ticket going to London. Georgina and Clem purchase sperm from the Internet and go out to buy a turkey baster. At this time, Georgia reveals to Clem that she only wants Zach, before she says that she can\'t believe that the future father of her child is a turkey baster. Georgina, seeming desperate at this point, turns to one of her employees who reveals that he is infertile just before the two of them can have sex. She then plans to go through with the artificial insemination, reading the directions as the sperm arrives. Her mother arrives with a birthday cake and Georgina accidentally squirts the sperm on the cake. Clem intends Justin, her so-called pet, to impregnate Georgina. A nervous Justin doesn\'t seem to want to go through with it. They go to a hotel room and Justin can\'t seem to get off, nor is he comfortable with this idea. Justin can\'t do it and backs out. She begins to spank him, before the she is thrown out of the hotel by the staff. She runs into a friend of Zach\'s and is comforted by him. While hugging him, Zach walks in and assumes that they are having an affair and slaps his friend before leaving. Georgina runs after him, but loses him. She misses her chance to get pregnant and mopes around because she lost both her chance to have a baby and Zach. Ben, Zach\'s friend, comes over to check on Georgina and the two begin to talk about how awkward the situation was just as the doorbell rings. Clem gets it and turns out that it\'s Zach, who is outraged to find Ben and Georgina holding hands. He slaps Ben again, who, in turn, punches Zach. The two have a scuffle, during which Ben tells Zach that while Georgia is OK, she isn\'t Clem. Clem, hearing this, asks him to repeat that and after establishing that he likes Clem and not Georgina, he gets off Zach and goes to Clem. Georgina asks about Alexandra, who Zach admits is beautiful, but says that isn\'t all he looks for in a person. She isn\'t impressed by his reasoning, however Zach continues on trying to explain that he loves her and had never stopped. Zach reveals that he wants children too, however an upset Georgina leaves and Ben has to explain to Zach what had been going on. At work, Georgina\'s worker reveals that he understands why she left and leaves before Zach comes in with a dozen roses. Four months later, while Georgina is running her breasts and belly feel sore and goes to a clinic for a pregnancy test. She receives a call informing her that she is, in fact, pregnant. At a birthday party for Zach, it is revealed that they are engaged and Georgina tells him that she’s pregnant. Zach is overjoyed about the news.'] ["Sisters Kay and Barbara Latimer are working as car hops in a Texas drive-in restaurant with their aunt Susan, who is the cook, when they are notified that an expected inheritance of $55,000 is only $4,000 after taxes and fees. Determined to marry a millionaire, Kay talks Barbara and Susan into spending the money on a trip to Miami, where she hopes to hook a rich man at a resort. With Barbara posing as Kay's secretary and Susan as her maid, the three women check into the Flamingo Hotel and make the acquaintance of Jack O'Hara, a bartender who pontificates about his hatred of fortune hunters. Jack, who quickly becomes enamored with Susan, believes that Kay is on the level and promises to steer her away from gold diggers. Kay finagles an invitation to a party being hosted by rich Jeffrey Bolton, and while there, also meets Phil McNeil, heir to the renowned McNeil Mines. Boyhood friends Jeff and Phil begin a fierce rivalry for Kay, who cannot make up her mind between the two handsome men, nor does she notice that Barbara has fallen in love with Jeff. At the end of three weeks, the women are in trouble because they need $150 to pay their hotel bill, but Susan borrows the money from Jack, who has proposed to her. Realizing that she needs to get one of the men to propose to her that evening, Kay brings Barbara along to a dance to keep one of them occupied. Kay gets Barbara to dance with Jeff while she talks with Phil, with whom she has fallen in love. Phil admits to her that he is broke, and that the McNeil Mines will not be profitable again for at least five years. Kay confesses that she, too, came to Miami to find a rich spouse, and the pair reluctantly agree to pursue other partners. Phil tells Jeff that Kay loves him, after which she accepts Jeff's proposal. As the women are packing to leave for Jeff's father's island, however, Jack overhears them talking about their scheme and threatens to tell Jeff. After locking Jack in the bathroom, the women leave for the island, where they meet William, Jeff's businessman father. Desperate to see Kay again, Phil goes to the island and volunteers to be Jeff's best man. The woman are also stunned by the arrival of Jack, who threatens to tell all if he determines that Kay does not really love Jeff. On the night of a party that Jeff is throwing for Kay, Barbara encourages Jeff to accept a challenging job in South America to escape from under his father's shadow, while Phil admits to Kay that he loves her. As Phil is trying to persuade Kay that they belong together no matter what, Jeff enters the room. Phil and Kay explain that they are going to get married, and Jeff acknowledges that he has loved Barbara all along and will marry her. Soon all ends well, as Susan and Jack also come to a romantic conclusion, and the three couples begin their lives together."] ["Four friends each receive phone calls to meet a fifth friend for lunch at MK Restaurant, a popular hot pot chain in Bangkok. The friends are: * Pom, a reporter for a women's magazine. * Nim, a sexual dysfunction telephone-hotline counselor. * Fai, the stingy owner of a beauty salon. * Pat, the fiancee of a retired Japanese man. They are called to the restaurant by Pang, who announces that she is planning to marry Kong, her boyfriend of three months. The four friends are surprised by the news and think maybe it is too sudden. Then Kong joins the five women for their meal. His well-groomed appearance is met with approval, but when Kong starts offering tips on how to cook the meal, and presents a pair of earrings that he picked out to Pom for her birthday , eyebrows are raised. The four women later meet at Fyne's beauty salon and voice their suspicions that Kong might be gay, and not just a metrosexual male. Pom reveals that she spotted Kong earlier at a male model beauty pageant she was covering, and she saw him embracing another man backstage. To confirm their belief, they need advice. So Pat arranges a meeting with her brother, Bee, who's a flight attendant for Thai Airways International. Bee puts together a checklist, which includes various physical attributes as well as biological and sociological backgrounds that could indicate whether a man is gay. A series of comic scenarios then occur as the four women investigate Kong and watch for any telltale signs."] ["Wealthy department-store mogul Whitfield Savory II buys a statue of Venus for $200,000. He plans to exhibit it in the store. Eddie Hatch, a window dresser, kisses the statue on a whim. To his shock, Venus comes to life. She leaves the store and Eddie is accused of stealing the work of art. Nobody believes the truth, including secretary Molly Stewart, who is Savory's right-hand woman, and Kerrigan, a detective. Venus turns up at Eddie's apartment, forcing him to hide her from girlfriend Gloria and roommate Joe. Entranced by a Venus song of love, Joe falls for Eddie's girl Gloria. At the store, meanwhile, Venus has fallen asleep on a sofa and is discovered there by Whitfield, who is instantly smitten. Kerrigan decides it's time for Eddie to be placed under arrest for the statue's theft. Venus, to save Eddie, is willing to seduce Whitfield, but a threat by Molly to leave him brings Whitfield back to his senses. He realizes it's Molly he truly loves. Venus is called home by Jupiter and must return to Mount Olympus, so she returns to her pedestal. Whitfield can now display his work of art to the public. Eddie is the only one left alone, at least until he meets a new salesgirl who is a dead ringer for the goddess of love."] ['The story begins with two roommates and business partners, Andy and Jerry. Andy hears Vanessa singing at a bar and, lovestruck, follows her to a church, where he realizes she has joined sex-addict classes. The film sees Andy attempting to get closer to sex-addict Vanessa by attempting to fit in with the other sex-addicts in the class. He takes on the persona of his sex-crazed roommate, but soon finds his efforts to help his new friends and to woo Vanessa are putting his job and work partnership with Jerry in jeopardy.'] ["Claudia Larson is a single mom who has just been fired from her job as an art restorer due to budget cuts. She flies to spend Thanksgiving at the home of her parents, Adele and Henry Larson, while her only child Kitt decides to stay home and spend the holiday with her boyfriend. Kitt informs Claudia that she intends to have sex with her boyfriend. The family gathering also includes Claudia's resentful, conservative sister, Joanne Larson Wedman, her stuffy banker husband Walter and their two spoiled children. Also there is Claudia's gay brother Tommy and his new friend Leo Fish, along with their eccentric aunt Glady. Tommy has been in a long term relationship with another man, Jack, so Claudia can't understand what he is doing here with a new guy by his side. But it turns out Leo has come along for the holidays to be introduced to Claudia. Tommy, it turns out, married Jack. After a hectic, argument-filled Thanksgiving, when Claudia boards a plane home, Leo goes with her."] ['Peter has just run away from his girlfriend of 5 years, seeking solace in his estranged friend from high school, Fischer. Fischer lives in a church, for free, in exchange for turning off the lights and locking the doors. It’s a good fit for him – he doesn’t really have any aspirations beyond that. As Fischer tries to help Peter recover, Peter quickly learns that Fischer has much more serious problems of his own.'] ["Eddie Hopper is a construction contractor from Long Island, New York, with two grown daughters. One of them, Betsy, is about to be married. Money is tight in the Hopper household, but Eddie, much to the distress of his wife, Lola, decides that it is important to throw a lavish wedding to impress the well-off family of the man Betsy is to marry. Everyone in the family is throwing advice Eddie's way, even the ghost of his father. A new house Eddie is building is adding to his financial and emotional woes. In desperation, he turns to his crooked brother-in-law, Oscar, who ends up getting Eddie involved with loan sharks. A young man named Stevie Dee is sent to keep an eye on Eddie, but instead turns his gaze to Connie Hopper, who is not only a police officer but the other daughter of the father of the bride."] ["19-year old Ah Loong  is in charge of a stall selling pirated VCDs. Contrary to the stereotype of his social standing, Ah Loong is an incurable romantic with an unlikely hobby: He loves to read and write poetry. Quite content with being the Romeo of the slums, Ah Loong's life takes a sudden turn one day when a Malay schoolgirl, Orked, arrives at his stall while looking for films starring her favorite actor Takeshi Kaneshiro. Love blossoms between Orked and Ah Loong, although there are social and racial pressures that stand in their way. In the end, Ah Loong is involved in a motor vehicle accident while Orked is going to England to pursue her studies. It is not clear if he lived or died until the sequel, Gubra which shows that Jason really did die. After the credits finish rolling however, Orked is shown wearing a wedding ring sleeping beside Jason, who also has a wedding ring. In Mukhsin, Jason and the adult Orked are shown to be living together. However, the adult Orked is not called by her name in this scene as the young Orked is."] ["American Loser is a comedy-drama based upon the experiences of comedian Jeff Nichols; it follows Jeff as he encounters a remarkable varienty of personal and emotional problems. Edging closer to his thirties Jeff  has a heavy drinking problem coupled with ADHD, dyslexia and a mild case of Tourette syndrome as constant absent-mindedness. He spends most of his time attending support meetings including ones which have no connection to the problems he suffers. Jeff pins the cause of his problems on his wealthy parents Cynthia ([[Deirdre O'Connell  and Mike . After being evicted from the garage he rents, with nowhere left to go manages to connect with Lynn , a woman he met at a support group for people with relationship problems."] ['Richard Cooper  is a happily married man, professionally successful, perfectly content with his home life in suburban New York, his lovely wife Brenda , a teacher, and his two young children. There is one problem in his marriage: their sex life has stagnated, leaving Richard frustrated and sex-starved. At one point, Brenda accuses Richard of being on the down-low. During those dull days at the office, he occasionally fantasizes about other women, but never acts upon his impulses. An encounter with an attractive old friend, Nikki , suddenly casts doubt over his typically resilient self-control. At first she claims to just want to be his friend, but she begins to show up consistently at his Manhattan financial office just to talk or have lunch, which causes his boss, secretaries and peers to view him with varying degrees of contempt. When Nikki begins to deliberately seduce Richard, he does not know what to do. Against his better judgment, he flies with her out of town for one day on an errand, where he is beaten by her boyfriend, and returns too late to make a sales presentation at an important business meeting, causing the loss of a lucrative contract. Later, when she and her fiancé are about to move to Los Angeles, Nikki asks Richard to come to her apartment later to say a "proper goodbye." When he gets to Nikki\'s apartment, he finds her in her underwear in her bathroom. In the moments before it seems Richard will consummate his attraction to Nikki, he realizes how grave the loss of his wife and children would be, so he walks out on Nikki. Richard returns home, surprising his wife, and for the first time in the film, they begin to rebuild a genuine rapport, with a possible promise of good things to come.'] ["Jackie Dorsey, the daughter of Olympic Gold medalists Doug Dorsey and Kate Moseley from the original film, also enters the figure skating field, with ambitions of winning her own Olympic gold. However, a serious injury derails that ambition. After months of training, Jackie is finally ready to skate again but has trouble keeping up with the rigorous demands of singles skating. Her parents send her on a vacation to L.A., where she meets surfer boy/in-line skater Alex Harrison. Sparks fly between the two, but when Alex discovers who Jackie is, he rejects her. In the meantime, Jackie realizes that, considering the circumstances, pairs skating will give her a better chance at Olympic gold. After many unsuccessful interviews with prospective partners, she becomes frustrated. Then, after Alex Harrison sees Jackie on TV, discussing her search for a partner, he shows up for an interview. Even though Alex has no experience and has trained for only a short time, he shows remarkable natural talent. However, Jackie feels that Alex is lazy and unreliable. Inevitably, the two lock horns. They fight so constantly that Jackie's mother locks them together with a harness, forcing them to do everything together. After that, Jackie and Alex start to get along, and their attraction grows. But then, Alex's old girlfriend Heidi shows up and jeopardizes Alex and Jackie's chance at gold. After a blowout fight at regionals, Alex leaves. Jackie convinces him to return, but also learns that Heidi and Alex are engaged. Alex and Jackie train for the Olympics, which will be held in Torino, Italy. Later, while in Torino, Heidi lets it slip that they are getting married immediately after the closing ceremonies and that Alex will be hanging up his skates for good. This causes friction between Jackie and Alex, resulting in a passionless short program, and they end up in fourth place. Jackie then reveals to her father that she still loves Alex, and her father convinces her to talk to him. Jackie goes to Alex's room and pours her heart out to someone that she thinks is Alex, but that person is actually Heidi. After hearing Jackie’s confession of love, Heidi locks the door and Jackie takes off. When Alex discovers what Heidi has done, he goes after her. Heidi tells him that if he leaves, she will not be there when he returns. He leaves anyway. Jackie refuses to talk to Alex, but right after their program begins, Alex tells Jackie that he is in love with her. Their long program is flawless and includes a move that has never been done before. In the final shot, Alex and Jackie are seen kissing."] [' The story takes place against the backdrop of the glorious French Riviera. Marlene Dietrich plays a woman with a lot of class, but no money to satisfy her taste for the best things in life. She is dazzled by Count Della Fiabe, who is also trying to recuperate his debts at the gambling tables of the famous casino. To attract the woman, who he thinks is his meal ticket, the poor Italian noble man enlists the help of the same people to whom he owes money. The film\'s most famous scene comes toward the end when Marlene Dietrich sings "Back Home in Indiana" in a seedy bistro for the enjoyment of Homer Hinckley, who she feels will be the man to make her rich.'] ['James W. Kelly, , and his pal Happy Moran, , are taking their all-girl-dancing troupe across the ocean to tour Europe, when Kelly and the mysterious Catherine Bell, , fall for each other, literally. When their backers pull out, Happy and Kelly manage to scrounge enough dough to get the girls back home; but, find themselves broke, in Europe, in a tiny country where the GDP is measured in mops. As a crooner, Kelly tries to sell enough mops, with a radio show, to pull the kingdom out of bankruptcy, and win Princess Tania, , the mysterious Catherine Bell, from their shipboard romance. Time is running out, as Prince Alexis, , invades, from the neighbouring country, to seize the castle and marry the Princess. Their only defence is the women and their “Personality Mops”, when the army quits, over back wages; and, Kelly is being marched off in front of a Firing Squad. “Make Love not War”, could be their slogan, as the women all march to the castle, singing and waving their mops.'] ['Infuriated at being told to write one final column after being laid off from her newspaper job, Ann Mitchell  prints a letter from a fictional unemployed "John Doe" threatening suicide on Christmas Eve in protest of society\'s ills. When the note causes a sensation and the paper\'s competition suspects a fraud and starts to investigate, the newspaper editor rehires Mitchell who comes up with a scheme of hiding the fictional nature of "John Doe" while exploiting the sensation caused by the fake letter to boost the newspaper\'s sales, for which she demands a bonus equal to 8 months\' pay. After reviewing a number of derelicts who have shown up at the paper claiming to have penned the original suicide letter, Mitchell and editor Henry Connell  hire John Willoughby , a former baseball player and tramp who is in need of money to repair his injured arm, to play John Doe. Mitchell now starts to pen an article series in Doe\'s name, elaborating on the letter\'s ideas of society\'s disregard of people in need. Willoughby gets $50, a new suit of clothes, and a plush hotel suite with his tramp friend , who launches into an extended diatribe against "the heelots", lots of heels who incessantly focus on getting money from others. Willoughby is hired to give radio speeches, guided by Mitchell who is promised $100 a week to write his speeches, paid by the newspaper\'s publisher, D.B. Norton ([[Edward Arnold . Willoughby turns down a $5,000 bribe to admit the whole thing was a publicity stunt, gives Mitchell\'s speech, and dashes off to the countryside with "The Colonel". They ride the rails, playing the harmonica and ocarina until they show up in Millsville, where John Doe is recognized at a diner. He\'s brought to City Hall, where he\'s met by Hanson, who gives a five-minute monologue about how he was inspired to start a local John Doe club. The John Doe philosophy spreads across the country, developing into a broad grassroots movement whose simple slogan is, "Be a better neighbor". Far from being an altruistic philanthropist, however, Norton plans to channel the support for Doe into support for his own national political ambitions. As a culmination of this plan, Norton has instructed Mitchell to write a speech for Willoughby in which he announces the foundation of a new political party and endorses Norton as its presidential candidate. When Willoughby, who has come to believe in the John Doe philosophy himself, realizes that he is being used, he tries to expose the plot, but is first stymied in his attempts to talk his own mind to a nationwide radio audience at the rally instead of reading the prepared speech, and then exposed as a fake by Norton, who claims to have been deceived, like everyone else, by the staff of the newspaper. Frustrated by his failure, Willoughby intends to commit suicide by jumping from the roof of the City Hall on Christmas Eve, as indicated in the original John Doe letter. Only the intervention of Mitchell and followers of the John Doe clubs persuades him to renege on his threat to kill himself. At this point in the movie, a reference to Jesus Christ is made, that a historical "John Doe" has already died for the sake of humanity. The film ends with Connell turning to Norton and saying, "There you are, Norton! The people! Try and lick that!"'] ["Set in London in 1938, the film focuses on highly successful and extremely popular theatre actress Julia Lambert, whose gradual disillusionment with her career as she approaches middle age has prompted her to ask her husband, stage director Michael Gosselyn, and his financial backer, Dolly de Vries, to close her current production to allow her time to travel abroad. They convince her to remain with the play throughout the summer, and Michael introduces her to Tom Fennel, an enterprising American who confesses his deep appreciation of her work. Seeking the passion missing from her marriage, and anxious to fill the void left when her close friend Lord Charles suggested they part ways to avoid scandalous gossip, Julia embarks on a passionate affair with the young man and begins to support him so he may enjoy the glamorous lifestyle to which she has introduced him. Their relationship revives her, sparking a distinct change in her personality. Always hovering in the background and offering counsel is the spirit of her mentor, Jimmie Langton, the theatrical manager who gave Julia her start and made her a star, while flesh-and-blood Evie serves as her personal maid, dresser, and confidante. Michael suggests they invite Tom to spend time at their country estate, where he can become better acquainted with their son Roger. At a party there Tom meets aspiring actress Avice Crichton, and when Julia sees him flirting with the pretty young woman she becomes jealous and anxious and angrily confronts him. He slowly reveals himself to be a callous, social-climbing, gold-digging gigolo, and Julia is shattered when their affair comes to an end. Avice, now romantically involved with Tom, asks him to bring Julia to see her perform in a play in the hope the actress will convince her husband to cast her in a supporting role in Julia's upcoming new project. The play is dreadful and Avice is not much better. Backstage, Julia compliments her even worse co-star and barely acknowledges Avice, although she promises to tell Michael about her. Afterwards, she forces Tom to admit he loves Avice, then - although her heart is broken by his admission - she assures him she will insist the ingenue be cast in her next play. When Julia's performance in her current play begins to suffer due to her personal discontent, Michael closes the production and Julia visits her mother and Aunt Carrie in Jersey, where Lord Charles comes to visit her. Julia suggests a romantic tryst, and he gently tells her that he's gay. Meanwhile, back in London, Avice auditions for Michael and, although Julia resents her, she is given the role. Julia returns home to begin rehearsals for the new play. Shortly after, she learns from her son that Avice has been one of Michael's casual trysts. Still, she is uncharacteristically solicitous toward the girl, making suggestions that place her in the spotlight and insisting her own wardrobe be drab to allow Avice to shine. What her director and fellow cast members don't realize is there's a method to her seeming madness - Julia has planned her sweet revenge for the opening night performance, during which she successfully affirms her position as London theatre's foremost diva."] ['The story centers on a rather uninhibited young woman named Eva  and her two boyfriends - Stefan  and Claus . Eva needs to decide which of the two is to be her "steady". While pondering that question, Eva inherits some overseas properties from a rich uncle. The three of them embark on a world tour to exotic places, meeting up with Eva\'s cousin Britta  along the way. At the film\'s conclusion, Eva\'s "choice" is to keep both young men as beaus.'] ['In 1989, 17 year-old Mike O\'Donnell  learns from his girlfriend Scarlet Porter  that she is pregnant during the start of his high school championship basketball game. Moments after the game begins, he leaves the game and goes after Scarlet, abandoning his hopes of playing college and professional basketball. In 2009, Mike, now a 37 year-old, finds his life stalled. Scarlet  has separated from him due to his regrets about abandoning college, forcing him to move in with his geeky and wealthy best friend since high school, Ned Gold ([[Thomas Lennon . At his job we see another reason for his frustration: he is significantly older than most of his co-workers and he is passed over for a promotion he deserves in favor of a much younger female worker. He gets fired from his job  and his high school-age children, Maggie  and Alex  want nothing to do with him. Later, while visiting his high school to reminisce, an encounter with a mysterious janitor  transforms Mike into his 17 year-old self. Given the chance to re-live his youth, Mike enrolls in high school posing as Mark Gold, Ned\'s son, and plans to go to college with a basketball scholarship. As he befriends his children, however, Mike comes to believe that his mission is to help them. Mike comforts Maggie when her boyfriend Stan , the captain of the basketball team, dumps her. With his help, Alex overcomes Stan\'s bullying to obtain a place with Mike on the basketball team and the girlfriend he desires. Through their children Mike spends time with Scarlet, who is attracted to his remarkable resemblance to her husband in high school. Mike has difficulty resisting his desire for her despite the relationship\'s apparent inappropriateness. At the same time, he must fend off Maggie\'s amorous advances . Meanwhile, Ned courts Jane Masterson , the high school principal who shares a mutual interest in The Lord of the Rings. Mike soon realizes that Scarlet is the "best decision" he had ever made and finally realizes that his own selfishness has driven his family away. He tries to re-unite with her and unsuccessfully explains to her that he is actually Mike, her husband. On the day of the court hearing to finalize Scarlet and Mike\'s divorce, Mike makes one last attempt to win her back  by reading a supposed letter from Mike. He states that although he couldn\'t set things right in the beginning of his life, it doesn\'t extinguish the fact that he still loves her. After he exits, Scarlet notices that the "letter" is actually the directions to the courtroom and she begins to grow curious. As a result, she postpones the divorce. During a high school basketball game, Mike reveals himself to Scarlet. As Scarlet once again runs away down the hall, Mike decides to chase her down once more, but not before handing the ball off to his son. Mike is then transformed back into his 37 year-old self and is reunited with Scarlet. Meanwhile, Ned and Jane begin dating and Mike is hired as the high school\'s new basketball coach.'] ['Wedding coordinator Toni , is a girl who believes in true love. At 25, she is considered to be an "old maid" by her married sisters, aunts, and friends. Always the bride\'s maid, never the bride, Toni has yet to find Mr. Right. On the other hand is Lorenz , is a wedding photographer who doesn\'t believe in happy endings. He always catches Toni unaware with her distinctly expressive yet embarrassing moments. To make matters worse, these photos were published, making Toni the renowned "perennial bridesmaid." Lorenzo\'s problems become worse when his boss offers a boost in his career, so long as he makes a pictoral article on Toni. Toni, who protests against this idea at first finally agrees in exchange for Lorenzo finding her someone worth marrying. Lorenzo and Toni gradually being to fall in love in the process.'] ["Hari  has been missing for seven years and Ani  wanted to find him. Hari was Ani's friend from childhood; besides Ani's younger sister Ashwathi's  wedding was almost finalized with Hari, her cousin. He found his grandmother in tears most of the time and watching her, he decided that he must reach Hari somehow. For many years Ani has been searching for Hari. So when Ani recognizes Hari in a TV program featuring Punjab, he sets forth to Punjab with great expectations of finding Hari. In Punjab, he arrives in Mallu Street and to his wonder, he locates Hari. But Hari's name is Harinder Singh, he courts a beard and turban and his attire is purely Punjabi. Even in his behavior, Harinder Singh alias Mallu Singh looks a typical Punjabi. Ani wanted to make sure about Hari's identity and so decides to stay put for a longer period. While contemplating the hurdles he has to overcome in a strange land to learn the truth, help arrives in the form of Karthi  and Pappan  . Together, the three go in search of proof to make sure that Mallu Singh is Hari. Somewhere along the line, Suseelan  joins the threesome making the situation worse. Suseelan came to Punjab to start a hair cutting saloon but on finding that no one in Punjab cuts his hair, took up cycle repair as his occupation for survival. Ani tries all his luck to make Hari reveal the truth. He even brings his sister to Punjab. Even after Harinder Singh's marriage gets fixed with Ashwathi, Hari refuses to admit that he is Hari. Disheartened, Ani says that he is not ready for the marriage and they plans to go back to Kerala. Hari comes to their room and tells them that the real Harinder singh  got killed in an accident because Hari slept while driving his truck. Since he took Harinder Singh's role in their family, he cannot live as Hari anymore. Harinder singh's father hears this and says that Hari can live with them as their son but he has to go back to Kerala and settle his family problems. Hari, Ani, Karthi and Pappan comes to Kerala and beats up Hari's cousins who were trying to take their property from them. Once things get settled, they all move back to Punjab for the life ahead."] ['C. C. Baxter  is a lonely office drone for a national insurance corporation in a high-rise building in New York City. In order to climb the corporate ladder, Baxter allows four company managers, on different evenings of the week, to take turns borrowing his Upper West Side apartment for their various extramarital liaisons that are so noisy that his neighours assume he is bringing home different women every night. The four managers write glowing reports about Baxter and the personnel director, Jeffery Sheldrake , promotes him to his personal staff, but not before convincing Baxter to give him exclusive privilege to the apartment. He insists on using it that very night and, as compensation for such short notice, gives Baxter two company-sponsored tickets to the then hit  Broadway musical The Music Man. After work, Baxter catches Fran Kubelik , an elevator operator he has had his eye on. They agree to meet up at the theater after she has a drink with a former fling. While Baxter waits, Miss Kubelik meets with Mr. Sheldrake, who convinces her that he is divorcing his wife for her. He takes her to Baxter\'s apartment while Baxter waits for her at the movie theater, never going in.  Several weeks later, at the Company\'s raucous Christmas Eve office party, Baxter inadvertently discovers the relationship between Sheldrake and Miss Kubelik, though he conceals this realization. Back at his apartment, Miss Kubelik reveals to Sheldrake that she\'s learned from his secretary  that she is merely the latest female employee to be Sheldrake\'s mistress, the secretary herself having filled that role several years earlier. While she is upset with herself for believing his lies, Sheldrake maintains that he genuinely loves her and leaves to return to his suburban family. Meanwhile, a holiday-depressed Baxter picks up a woman in a local bar and, upon their arrival at his apartment, is shocked to find Miss Kubelik in his bed, fully clothed and unconscious from an intentional overdose of Baxter\'s sleeping pills. He sends his bar pickup home and enlists the help of his neighbor, Dr. Dreyfus, in reviving Miss Kubelik without notifying the authorities. She spends several days recuperating at his apartment while Baxter tries to entertain and distract her from any further suicidal thoughts, talking her into playing numerous hands of gin rummy, though she is largely uninterested. Since she has been missing, Miss kubelik\'s brother-in-law comes to the office looking for her. The four executives direct him to Baxter\'s apartment, assuming that Baxter, who still denies them the use of his apartment, and Miss Kubelik are having an affair. The brother-in-law assumes the worst of Baxter and punches him twice after confronting the pair in Baxter\'s apartment. Sheldrake fires his secretary for revealing his history of womanizing. She retaliates by telling his wife about his infidelities, leading to the breakup of his marriage. Sheldrake, having moved into a room at his athletic club, figures he can string Miss Kubelik along while he enjoys his newfound bachelorhood. When he requests access to Baxter\'s apartment on New Year\'s Eve, Baxter refuses and quits the firm in the process. When Miss Kubelik hears of this from Sheldrake, she realizes that Baxter is the man who truly loves her, and runs to his apartment. She arrives at his apartment alone and she insists on resuming their earlier game of gin rummy. When he declares his love for her, her reply is the now-famous final line of the film: "Shut up and deal".'] ["At the behest of her ultra-conservative fiancé Warren, scatterbrained five-pack-a-day chain smoker and clairvoyant Daisy Gamble attends a class taught by psychiatrist Marc Chabot for help in kicking her habit. While undergoing hypnosis, it is discovered she is the reincarnation of Lady Melinda Winifred Waine Tentrees, a seductive 18th century coquette who was born the illegitimate daughter of a kitchen maid. She acquired the paternity records of the children housed in the orphanage where her mother worked and used the information to blackmail their wealthy fathers. She eventually married nobleman Robert Tentrees during the period of the English Regency, then was tried for espionage and treason after he abandoned her. As their sessions progress, complications arise when Chabot begins to fall in love with Daisy's exotic former self and Daisy begins to fall for him, and his university colleagues demand he either give up his reincarnation research or resign his position with the school. While waiting for Chabot in his office, Daisy accidentally hears a tape recording of one of her sessions; and when she discovers Chabot's interest is limited to Melinda, she storms out of the office. When she finally returns for a final meeting with him, she describes fourteen additional lives, including her forthcoming birth as Laura and subsequent marriage to the therapist in the year 2038."] ["After a series of bad relationships, the last one ending with his lover injuring him with a hoe while they stand arguing on the street fully nude in view of the cops and his neighbors, Maxwell Bright resolves to find his fantasy woman: obedient and submissive. His dissolute friends goad him into ordering a mail-order bride from China. Mai Ling, the Chinese woman, arrives after six weeks. She is perfect, and even makes his chaotic house into a welcoming home. But Max reacts by treating her like a prostitute, and humiliates her in front of friends. At this point Mai Ling reveals that she is really a Buddhist nun who took her sister's place. Max has an epiphany, and recognises Mai Ling as a deeply spiritual and moral woman. They fall in love, and their relationship grows amid mutual respect. Mai Ling attempts to awaken Max's buddha-nature, and Max introduces Mai Ling to the luxuries of modern American living. This comes to an abrupt end when, his finances failing after spending $100,000 on Mai Ling, Max discovers that he also has terminal cancer. Mai Ling supports him and helps him to prepare for death, and he comes at last to explore his spiritual side and to make his peace with those he has harmed. When Max dies, Mai Ling resumes her life as a nun."] ['Dragon , an ex-triad member, gets out jail and decides to go straight. He then finds a job as a waiter in a restaurant. However, his old triad member friend Rubbish Pool  usually hangs out there and his old boss Kent  usually settles disputes with other gang leaders there so Dragon has a hard time getting pass his old ways. Later Dragon and Pool meet two bargirls Gigi  and June . Dragon develops a relationship with Gigi.'] ["Charles Lodge , a freewheeling film director who lives in a car trailer, interrupts the well-ordered life of Margit Agnew  when he convinces her younger sister Irene  that she should become an actress. However, Margit is determined that Irene will marry her fiancé of four years, the pliable Waldo ([[John Beal . Fed up with Waldo's easy-going nature, Irene decides that she is infatuated with Charles. Charles pretends to return her feelings so he can stay close to Margit. He agrees to give up Irene if Margit will let him paint her portrait. However, Irene comes unexpectedly to his trailer and Margit, believing he lied about giving Irene up, angrily destroys the painting and has him arrested. Charles arranges for a wedding, planning to marry Margit, but circumstances push him into marrying Irene. During the ceremony Charles and Margit finally admit that they really love each other and Waldo arrives to punch Charles out and take back his fiancée."] ["Val Com 17485 , a robot designed to be a valet with a specialty in lumber commodities, meets Aqua Com 89045 , a hostess companion robot whose primary function is to assist at poolside parties. At a factory awaiting repairs, they fall in love and decide to escape, stealing a van from the company to do so. They embark on a quest to find a place to live, as well as satisfy their more immediate need for a fresh electrical supply. They assemble a small robot, Phil, built out of spare parts, whom they treat as their child, and are joined by Catskill, a mechanical standup comic . A law-enforcement robot, the Crimebuster, comes after the fugitives, but with the help of humans who run a junkyard, and using Catskill's battery pack, they are able to resolve their problems successfully."] ['Charlie  is an English tour guide who takes groups of Americans on whirlwind 18-day sightseeing tours of Europe. Among his various clients on his latest trip are Samantha  with whom he wants to have an affair; a man who desires a pair of custom-made Italian shoes from a certain cobbler in Rome; and a vet who is reliving his World War II experiences.'] ["Jack  and Sarah  are expecting a baby together, but a complication during the birth leads to the death of Sarah. Jack, grief-stricken, goes on an alcoholic bender, leaving his daughter to be taken care of by his parents and Sarah's mother, until they decide to take drastic action: they return the baby to Jack whilst he is asleep, leaving him to take care of it. Although he struggles initially, he eventually begins to dote on the child and names her Sarah. Despite this, he nevertheless finds it increasingly difficult to juggle bringing up the baby with his high-powered job, and though both sets of the child's grandparents lend a hand (along with William , he needs more help. Amy , an American waitress he meets in a restaurant who takes a shine to Sarah, takes up the role as nanny, moving in with Jack after one meeting. Although clashing with William and the grandparents - especially Jack's mother, Margaret , Jack and Amy gradually grow closer - but Jack's boss has also taken an interest in him."] ['Charles Richardson is a civil servant in his early 30s, working in the Department of Development, Salt Lake City, Utah, and an impetuous romantic. One day he meets Laura Conley in the filing department of his office and it is love at first sight. Laura is a married woman who has just moved out on her husband Ox, a log home salesman. She is disillusioned by own marriage and wants to find herself. Charles gathers courage and asks her out. Soon she moves in with him and seems happy. But she starts having second thoughts. According to Laura, he loves her too much. "You have this exalted view of me, and I hate it. If you think I\'m that great then there must be something wrong with you." Laura leaves Charles and goes back to her husband, Ox. Sam, recently unemployed as a jacket salesman, moves in with Charles, who tries to grapple with the loss of Laura. Charles\'s mother, meanwhile, is an eccentric who has suicidal thoughts. Charles begins to make efforts to win Laura back. Charles finds out from his secretary, Betty, that Laura has left Ox once again and is living in an apartment with a roommate.'] ['When Louise, a high-powered female attorney , discovers that her husband Ian  is about to leave her for another woman Sara , she prevents him from doing so by binding him to a chair with duct tape. She tries to persuade and convince him that he still loves her, but everything she says fails to change his mind. He lies and promises that he still loves her and won\'t run away when she frees him. When he tries to escape, she knocks him out with a flower pot and tapes him to a toilet. She then leaves the house to purchase groceries to make a "romantic meal." While she is out, a lawn service boy comes by to mow the lawn, and Ian successfully yells for help and gets his attention. The boy, realizing that there is no one else in the house, begins robbing their house. When Louise returns, the burglar attacks her and brings her into the bathroom with Ian. During their captivity, Ian realizes that he does still love his wife, and the couple makes up. The next morning, Sara  comes to the house, furious that Ian did not show up at the airport to go to Paris with her. The burglars put Sara into the bathroom with the reconciled couple, and the three discuss their love triangle situation. They manage to escape by calling the police from Sara\'s cell phone, which is in her back pocket. After the whole ordeal, Ian chooses to stay with Louise. Some time later, Ian and Louise have sold their house and are moving away. They have had a baby as they had tried to in the past. They decide to have lunch one last time in town before they move. While walking to the restaurant, they walk past the same burglar who robbed their house, and the burglar nods at them in recognition. Louise looks away and walks away quickly, and Ian looks stunned .'] ['The story concerns a hapless civil servant  who gets more than he bargained for when he moves into an apartment with a gay fashion student  and finds himself on the catwalk. The film sets out to explore the difficulties faced by young people in keeping their identities in a fast moving culture of drugs and clubs.'] ['Stella  is a very successful, 40-year-old stock broker raising her son and living in Marin County, California, who is persuaded by her New York friend Delilah  to take a well-deserved, first-class vacation to Montego Bay, Jamaica. As she soaks in the beauty of the island, she encounters a strapping young islander, Winston Shakespeare , who is 20 years younger. His pursuits for her turn into a hot and steamy romance that forces Stella to take personal inventory of her life and try to find a balance between her desire for love and companionship, and the responsibilities of mother and corporate executive.'] ['The film begins with 21-year-old Toni Simmons trudging across the road at night to mail a letter. Toni then returns to her apartment and attempts to gas herself using a "second-hand" stove. Fortunately, her neighbor, Igor Sullivan, smells the gas and rescues her from imminent death using rescue breathing, which evolves into a French kiss after Toni regains consciousness. The movie then explores the reasons for the suicide attempt. Toni\'s lover Julian, a dentist and philanderer, had previously avoided commitment by telling Toni he had a wife and two kids. Upon learning of Toni\'s suicide attempt, he decides to marry Toni, resulting in his need for a wife to divorce in order to sustain his earlier alibi. Julian asks Stephanie Dickinson, his longtime dental assistant, to pose as his wife. At first unwilling, she ultimately relents, since she has long nurtured a crush on her employer. Upon meeting Miss Dickinson, Toni senses Miss Dickinson\'s feelings for Julian and asks Julian to help Miss Dickinson find another man, so that everyone would be happy. Julian\'s friend Harvey, one Señor Arturo Sánchez, and Igor, Toni\'s upstairs neighbor, all become implicated in Julian\'s scheme. Ultimately, Toni suspects Julian and leaves him for Igor, leaving Julian to finally fall in love with Miss Dickinson. The prickly cactus Miss Dickinson keeps on her desk in the office gives the film its name. Like Miss Dickinson, the symbolic cactus thrives in the driest of settings. By film\'s end, however, both cactus and Miss Dickinson have "bloomed".'] ['Gary Blake  stars in a new show, On the Avenue, with Mona Merrick . The show contains a satire on "The Richest Girl in the World", Mimi Carraway . Mimi and her father  are in the audience on opening night and they feel insulted. She goes backstage and tries to get Gary to take the skit out of the show. He refuses and calls her a "bad sport". Shocked by the remark, Mimi decides to make a date with Gary. They spend the entire evening together and, by morning, have fallen in love. He finally agrees to revise the skit so it can no longer hurt the Carraways. Mona is in love with Gary and is furious when she hears about Gary\'s date with Mimi. When the Carraways appear to see the revised sketch, she changes it, without Gary\'s knowledge, making it worse than before. The Carraways decide to file suit against Gary. To get back at him, Mimi buys the show from the producer and embarrasses Gary by hiring a paid audience to walk out on the show. Word leaks out to the press and Gary is now the laughingstock of New York. Furious, he tears up his contract, refusing to work with Mimi. Soon, Mimi becomes engaged to Arctic explorer Frederick Sims . On her wedding day, Mona arrives and tells Mimi that it was she, not Gary, who changed the skit. She runs out on the wedding and is taken to city hall with Gary to be married. The movie\'s action is interspersed with songs from the play, including Berlin\'s songs "He Ain\'t Got Rhythm," and "Let\'s Go Slumming On Park Avenue."'] ['Gina and Seth became penpals when they were in the 6th grade. It is now 13 years later, and they still have been writing to each other but have not yet met. She is a journalist while he is a toy inventor. An opportunity arises when there is a toy convention in Boston. They decide to meet, but the only problem is that they have been exchanging pictures of their better-looking friends. When they actually do meet for the first time, it is not all fireworks. Can they reveal themselves to each other before it is too late?'] [' Take Me Out to the Ball Game is a period piece set in 1908. The plot revolves around a fictional American League team, the Wolves,Take Me Out to the Ball Game at Turner Classic Movies'] ['{{plot}} The film opens in 2002 with Marni , an acne-riddled high school senior at Ridgefield High School, with glasses and braces, making a video about how much she hates high school, and reveals how she is tormented and bullied by other children, specifically Joanna , who made Marni\'s high school life miserable. She adds that her protective older brother, Will, , was very popular as a handsome basketball player. However, at a very important basketball game, Joanna pushes the mascot , who runs into Will, resulting in a loss of the game. Years later, in 2010, however, she is a successful public relations executive, recently promoted to a job in New York. When she flies home to her older brother\'s wedding, she discovers that Will is about to marry Joanna. When Marni meets Joanna for the first time in eight years, Joanna seems to not recognize her. Marni is also upset to see that Joanna fits in very well with the family. The plot thickens when Marni\'s mother Gail  meets up with Joanna\'s aunt Ramona , Gail\'s former best friend who pushed her into a pool at their senior prom. Ramona is now a successful, wealthy woman who owns several hotels and a private plane. Although Gail seems willing to put the past behind her, she still feels the need to "outdo" Ramona during their interactions together. On the other hand, Marni is unwilling to forget the things Joanna did to her in high school, unless she apologizes, and decides to try to let her brother know of Joanna\'s bullying past. Her attempts to get Will alone for a conversation fail. When Marni tells Joanna that she knows who she really is, it is obvious that Joanna remembers Marni. She refuses to give Marni a meaningful apology, and treats her disrespectfully, leaving Marni convinced that Joanna has not changed. Meanwhile, Gail comes to Ramona\'s hotel room for "closure" about anything bad between them that happened in the past. They appear to make up, but Ramona still seems not to be too fond of Gail. One day on the street, Will and Marni\'s grandmother Bunny  meets a man named Tim . Joanna reveals that they have dated, and Tim appears devastated when he hears that she\'s marrying Will. Marni decides to bring Tim to the rehearsal dinner as part of her plan to stop the wedding. When it is time for guests to make a toast to the bride and groom, Tim unexpectedly jumps up to give his toast to Joanna. He reveals to a stunned wedding party that Joanna left him at the altar. Later, a video is presented  from their old high school time capsule. The video reveals Joanna as she was in high school: an alpha-female bully, with the footage showing proof of her tormenting Marni and other students. However, Will unplugs the video projector before the video is complete and walks out, furious. Marni is in trouble when everyone discovers that she was responsible for the video at the rehearsal dinner. Even Joanna is too angry to talk to Marni, saying to her: "I thought we could start over." Marni is now convinced that Joanna hasn\'t changed, and walks away. Joanna then starts a fight with Marni, who fights back. Will walks in and witnesses the fight. He confronts Joanna, calling her a bully and a liar and then scolds Marni for starting the mess behind his back. Joanna tries to reason with Will but he doesn\'t care about her past and is furious that she lied to him. Meanwhile, Ramona and Gail argue after the rehearsal dinner, and Ramona accuses Gail of trying to ruin her life throughout high school. A catfight ensues, with both of them falling into the pool. Ramona reveals that she had a grudge with Gail, even when they were best friends, because she always competed with and outdid her, culminating with Gail taking the boy that Ramona wanted to the prom. Ramona stated that Gail was already a legendary head cheerleader and prom queen, and drama was supposed to be hers, yet Gail also defeated her with the auditions. She sarcastically thanks Gail for what she did, because it motivated her to become successful in life. Gail apologizes for being insensitive, but reveals that she is proud of Ramona, and that her loving family is her accomplishment. Ramona, remorseful of her actions, tells Gail that she was jealous of Gail\'s happy family especially that her marriages didn\'t work out, and feared that she was trying to take Joanna away from her. The two reconcile their friendship when Mark shows up. At home, he says that he is disgusted with the wedding and weekend being a disaster and grounds Marni and Gail. Later that night, Marni finds Joanna in the kitchen binging on junk food. She finally admits to Marni that she feels truly awful for bullying and tormenting her and feels like a terrible person, and that she loves Will and his entire family. She explained that when she found out that Marni is her fiance\'s sister, she panicked and therefore decided to pretend not to remember her. Marni forgives her and promises to get them back together. The next day, during a jog, Marni apologizes to Will for her actions, saying she was only trying to protect him. Joanna and Will reconcile in the family\'s old tree house, but it collapses and injures both of them when Ben Olsen  loosened the screws as a part of his plan in hiding the tree house. They are both forced to stay at a hospital, which delays the wedding. However, Marni puts together a makeshift wedding at the hospital, with the bride and groom bandaged, but properly dressed and able to walk down the aisle. Gail has a surprise for Ramona, it\'s Richie Phillips , the boy from high school that Ramona wanted to go to the prom with. Richie welcomes Ramona home and wants to be her date for the wedding, which makes Ramona very happy and they appear to start a relationship. Marni appears to start a relationship with Charlie , her brother\'s best friend who has always been kind to her. Joanna introduces Marni\'s grandmother Bunny to an old woman named Helen Sullivan . It is revealed that Helen and Bunny were rivals in high school when Helen stole a boy from her. However, Bunny gets her revenge when she cuts in on Helen\'s dance and takes her partner. During the credits, at the wedding reception, Marni presents her wedding gift to Will and Joanna, it\'s Hall & Oates in person performing Will and Joanna\'s favorite and special song,"Kiss on My List"! Everyone then joins Hall & Oates on stage.'] ["A beautiful and successful journalist interviews her three previous boyfriends to find out why they never proposed. Each distinctly different interview comically teaches Traci more about herself than she would care to know. Tagline: Traci's never had a problem attracting men, keeping them is another story."] ["Now in their late twenties and married, Gidget and Jeff live in Santa Monica, Jeff working as an architect and Gidget as a travel agent. They have no children of their own, but are looking after Gidget's niece Kim while Anne and John  are in Europe. Their marriage is troubled, in part because they are becoming workaholics, leaving themselves too little quality time. Gidget decides to throw Jeff a surprise thirtieth birthday party including a reunion of their old surfing fiends, but this is threatened when the illness of her employee Johnny Soon means that she must fill in, coordinating a tour in Hawaii. Meanwhile, Jeff is fending off romantic advances from Anne Bedford, his beautiful and libidinous boss. Kim at fifteen and a half years old is much as Gidget was at that age. She wants to learn how to surf and gets in over her head when she sneaks out of the house to see Mickey, a suave, self-serving beach bum behind the back of Albert, her nerdy boyfriend. In the end, Johnny Soon's quick recovery brings Gidget home in the nick of time to save her marriage and rescue Kim from the tight spot she has gotten herself into."] ["Jackie York is a famous novelist with a secret: she is suffering from writer's block and is unable to write her much-anticipated novel. After being used and then dumped by a wannabe movie director, Jackie can't get back to work. So, Jackie concocts a mess of lies to cover up her loneliness and to protect her secret. Jackie then meets a man named Patrick McKeating, a writer who opens her up to new possibilities. However, Patrick is nearly 20 years younger than Jackie. Jackie gets a lesson in true love and must decide what really matters in life."] [" Jamie  is an executive recruiter for a leading job agency in New York City and Dylan  works as an art director for a small internet company in Los Angeles. Jamie has the task of trying to recruit Dylan to interview for a job with GQ magazine and begin working in New York City. Dylan comes to New York and after interviewing for the position learns from Jamie that he has been given an offer to work for GQ. At first Dylan is hesitant to accept and move from Los Angeles to New York, but in an effort to get Dylan to accept the job Jamie spends the evening taking him around the city trying to sell him on the opportunity and the city. After a fun night together exploring the city Dylan agrees to take the job. The next day Jamie presents Dylan with the contract to sign so she can land her commission for recruiting him. Not knowing anyone else in the city, he and Jamie quickly develop a strong platonic friendship. One night, while hanging out at Jamie’s apartment watching a romantic comedy, they get on the topic of sex and relationships. They come to the conclusion that sex should not come with so many emotional attachments. As they both feel the need for a physical connection, they agree to have sex without emotion or commitment. After several trysts together Jamie comes to the realization that this isn’t really what she wants and she would like to start dating again. She informs Dylan that they need to stop. Jamie meets Parker  and they begin dating. After five dates they consummate their relationship but the next morning Parker leaves and informs Jamie that he can't be the 'Prince Charming' she wishes for. Furious, Jamie tells Parker off, assuring the end of their relationship. Trying to be sympathetic and to help Jamie get over the pain of the situation Dylan suggests she come with him to California over the Fourth of July weekend while he visits his family. Jamie is very hesitant, but agrees after much persistence from Dylan. They fly to California where Jamie meets his sister Annie  and father . While in California strong emotional romantic feelings for each other begin to form and they share a passionate kiss, which leads to a night of close intimacy unlike any they had shared before. However the next day Jamie overhears a conversation between Annie and Dylan where Dylan claims he has no real feelings for Jamie. Hurt, she flies back to New York. A few days later Dylan returns to New York trying to reconcile his friendship with Jamie and find out why she has been ignoring him. He finally finds Jamie and she informs him she overheard everything he said and has no interest in maintaining any kind of a friendship with him. Soon after this Jamie discovers that Dylan may be leaving the GQ position for another job before the year elapses on his contract, which would affect her commission. She confronts Dylan about this which leads to another argument. Both begin to do some soul searching trying to come to terms with their feelings about their relationship. Jamie spends time with her mother , while Dylan discusses it with his sister over the phone. His sister informs him that their father, who suffers from the early stages of Alzheimer's disease, will be flying to Newark and he needs to be picked up at the airport. While eating at the airport with his father, his father, in a moment of Alzheimer's-induced confusion, incorrectly recognizes a passerby as a woman from his past. Dylan asks him about this woman, and his father, upon regaining his lucidity, says that she was a woman he met in the Navy, that she was the love of his life, and regrets decisions he made in his youth to let her go. He tells Dylan not to let the same thing happen to him, and to go after the woman he loves if there is any chance of saving the relationship. Dylan realizes how he really feels about Jamie after this talk with his father and decides to go after her. He calls Jamie’s mother to set up an excuse to get Jamie to go to Grand Central Station thinking she will be picking her mother up and arranges to have a flash mob scene set up to surprise Jamie at the station. When the moment comes he catches up with Jamie and tells her how he really feels. Surprised and happy by this turn of events Jamie tells him to kiss her. After sharing a passionate kiss, Dylan suggests it is time they go on their first real date. They go to the Pershing Square café across the street, and although they attempt to keep the date casual and relaxed, the film ends with them in a sensual embrace and passionate kiss."] [' A shy videographer  and an uninspired artist working as a waitress  meet on the Internet and spark a relationship. Fed up with the usual dating game, the two decide to not communicate verbally, only through artistic means to see if they can make it work.'] ["A thief, Reese Halperin, and his accomplice, computer expert Norman Barrie, devise a scheme to break into a Vancouver bank. While carrying out the bank's blueprints, Reese is inadvertently photographed by Stacey Bishop, who is taking pictures for the bank's advertising campaign. Reese and Stacey meet, and, complicating the burglary somewhat, fall in love."] ["Abhiram  is a manager in his ad agency. He despises women and feels that all women are traitors. Abhiram's uncle , who is the chairman of the ad agency, appoints Harika  as the assistant manager. Though Abhiram does not like a girl joining his company, he has to live with it as the appointment is made by his uncle. He starts mistreating her. Harika, vexed by Abhiram's acts, submits her resignation to his uncle, who then narrates Abhiram's past to Harika. Abhi was born with a golden spoon. He was raised by his grandfather  as his parents died soon after the Abhi's birth. Abhi falls in love with Maheswari , who is the niece of an employee ([[Chandra Mohan  in Abhi's grandfather's company. Alarmed by this, Maheshwari's uncle takes her away to his home town and arranges her engagement with another man. Abhi travels all the way to the venue and takes Maheswari away. While returning, they meet with an accident. After 10 days, when Abhi comes out of coma, he is told that Maheswari is about to marry some other guy. Shocked by this news, Abhi develops hatred towards women. After narrating the flashback, Abhi's uncle promotes Harika as the Manager and demotes Abhi to the post of Assistant Manager. Although Abhi resents this, he travels to Paris with Harika for a business venture. While there, he falls in love with her. Problems soon arise, and when they return, Harika is arranged to marry another man. However, Abhi realizes his true feelings for her at last, and they end up together."] ["Following the wedding of young Jenny Piper and Arthur Fitton , a rowdy reception is held at a local pub where the newlyweds are subjected to much well-meaning but vulgar ribaldry. The couple returns to the Fitton home to spend their first night together before leaving for a honeymoon in Majorca, but they are followed by some of the wedding guests who keep the party going until early morning. Worse yet, when the youngsters finally are permitted to retire, their bed collapses as the result of a practical joke. The next day they discover that the travel agent who sold them their tickets to Majorca has absconded with the money, and they are stranded in rainy England. As days pass into weeks at the crowded Fitton home, the marriage remains unconsummated. The strain between the couple steadily worsens, with Arthur working nights as a cinema projectionist and Jenny spending her days behind a record counter. Not knowing where to turn, Arthur visits a marriage counsellor, but even this has a disastrous effect. The interview is overheard by a gossipy charwoman, and the young couple's unfulfilled marriage becomes a major topic of public gossip. Arthur becomes the butt of scornful jokes from his boss, Mr. Thompson, who volunteers to satisfy Jenny's marital needs. Enraged, Arthur strikes his boss and returns home to berate Jenny for disclosing their secret. As a result of the quarrel, their mutual inhibitions are dispelled, and they make love for the first time. They then find that the A.B.T.A. bond has returned their holiday money. The following day Arthur is encouraged by his mother to ask his father  for financial assistance with the down payment on a house for him and Jenny. The money is gladly granted, and Jenny and Arthur leave for a belated honeymoon."] ['After nineteen years of marriage, Dan Edwards\' wife Val is exasperated with his lack of attention to her and the amount of attention he pays to a Los Angeles advertising agency that he runs with his friend, Ernie Brewer, a laid-back second-in-command. Once an exciting man, Dan has become a bore to Valerie, as well as to their two children and to her feisty mother who lives with them. By contrast, they all look up to the exciting, swinging bachelor "Uncle Ernie", who is always there to give advice to Val and the kids. Ernie enjoys telling Dan that he\'s envious of his friend\'s family life and often reminds Dan that he was the one who was keen on Valerie first. Valerie likes it that Ernie does things her husband won\'t – dances with her, compliments her, even picks out the gifts Dan gets for her. Val is so frustrated, she seeks a lawyer\'s advice about wanting a divorce. Ernie can see what his best friend is blind to, so he urges Dan to take his wife on a second honeymoon to Mexico. Once there, in a land of quickie marriages and divorces, Dan and Val get into an argument in front of proprietor Miguel Santos, and, before they know it, they\'re divorced. An apologetic Dan makes it up to her, then arranges for them to be remarried right away. But an urgent business matter requires his presence back in L.A., then on to Detroit, to save his company\'s biggest account. Ernie travels to Mexico to explain everything to Val, unaware that she\'s expecting Dan and has already put the wedding ceremony in motion. By mistake, she ends up married to Ernie. Once he gets over his shock, Ernie anticipates a quickie divorce, but Val thinks she might enjoy this new arrangement. Dan, fed up with both of them, decides he\'s not exactly broken-hearted, either. Dan immediately discovers the joys of a swinging bachelor life, cavorting with Ernie\'s sexy playmates and even with a young friend of daughter Tracy\'s. As for poor Ernie, it\'s up to him to run the business, which turns him into the same dull, inattentive husband to Val that her first one had been.'] ['Viktor Navorski  arrives at JFK International Airport, but finds that his passport is suddenly not valid, so he is not allowed to enter the United States. While he was en route to the U.S., a revolution was started in his home nation of Krakozhia. Due to the civil war, the United States no longer recognizes Krakozhia as a sovereign nation and denies Viktor\'s entrance to the U.S. territory. As his passport is unrecognized, he is unable to leave the airport, but he is also unable to be deported back to Krakozhia. Viktor instead lives in the terminal, carrying his luggage and a mysterious Planters peanut can. CBP Head Frank Dixon  wants Navorski removed from the airport. Navorski collects money for food by retrieving vacant baggage trolleys for the 25-cent reward from the machine, until Dixon prevents this. He then befriends a catering car driver named Enrique Cruz  who gives him food in exchange for information about Customs and Border Protection officer Dolores Torres , with whom Enrique is infatuated. With Viktor\'s help, Enrique and Dolores eventually marry each other. He meets flight attendant Amelia Warren , who asks him out to dinner, but he tries to earn money in order to ask Amelia out instead. He finally gets an off-the-books job as a construction worker at the airport earning $19 an hour , and he also learns to speak fluent English. Viktor is asked to interpret for a desperate Russian man with undocumented drugs for his sick father. Viktor claims it is "medicine for goat," barring the drug from confiscation  and resolving the crisis. Under pressure and the watchful eye of the Airport Ratings committee, who is evaluating Dixon for an upcoming promotion, Dixon chastises Viktor. Though Dixon is advised that sometimes rules must be ignored, he becomes obsessed with getting Viktor ejected from the airport. An airport janitor, Rajan Gupta , relates the "goat" incident with embellishment to his fellow co-workers and as a result, Viktor earns the respect and admiration of all of the airport staff. One day, Viktor explains to Amelia that the purpose of his visit to New York is to collect an autograph from the tenor saxophonist Benny Golson. It is revealed that the peanut can Viktor carries with him contains an autographed copy of the "Great Day in Harlem" photograph. His late father was a jazz enthusiast who had discovered the famous portrait in a Hungarian newspaper in 1958, and vowed to get an autograph of all the 57 jazz musicians featured on the photograph. He succeeded in obtaining 56, but he died before he could finish his collection, so Viktor traveled to New York to obtain the autograph, so he can finish his collection. After 9 months of living on the JFK terminal, he is awakened by Enrique and the other friends, who inform him that the war in Krakozhia is now ended, but Dixon will still not allow Viktor to enter the United States. Amelia reveals that she had asked her \'friend\' &mdash; actually a married government official with whom she had been having an affair &mdash; to assist Viktor in obtaining permission to travel within the U.S., but Viktor is disappointed to learn she has renewed her relationship with the man during this process. To make matters worse, Dixon needs to sign the form granting Viktor the right to remain in the United States, but refuses. He instead blackmails Viktor into returning to Krakozhia, or he will have Mulroy fired for having evening poker games with friends and bringing alcohol and marijuana into the airport, have Enrique fired for allowing Viktor into the restricted food preparation area, and deport Gupta back to his native India, where he is wanted for assaulting a corrupt police officer back in 1979. Upon hearing this, Gupta runs in front of Viktor\'s plane and asks Viktor to go anyway. The plane is delayed, giving Viktor enough time to go into the city and obtain the autograph. With the blessing of the entire airport staff, Viktor leaves the airport after receiving a uniform coat from a U.S. Customs and Border Protection Assistant Port Director and hails a taxi. Dixon, watching Viktor leave the airport, decides not to pursue him. As Viktor prepares to take the taxi to a Ramada Inn where Benny Golson is performing, he observes Amelia exiting from a cab, where she gives him a wistful smile, telling him to go. He has a short conversation with the cab driver, telling him how to avoid traffic on the way to the hotel and that he is from Krakozhia. The driver tells Viktor that he is from Albania and arrived earlier that week. At the hotel, Benny Golson is doing a sound check and asks permission for Viktor to wait while he finishes his rehearsal. Viktor listens to him play and collects the autograph, finally completing the collection. Afterwards, Viktor leaves and hails a taxi, telling the driver, "I am going home." The taxi drives off and the credits roll.'] ["The story revolves around the protagonist or the 'Nayee Padosan'  who has shifted into a new locality. Her simplicity, righteousness and no-nonsense attitude are qualities any man would want his life partner to possess. Three different boys Raju , Raja  and Ram  from different backgrounds, characteristics and eventually modus operandi are swept head over heals in love with the girl. What follows next is a laugh riot, in the way the three eligible bachelors try and get themselves acquainted and eventually outwit one another to get the girl. The film takes a sudden turn when a new entry Prabhu  that happens to be a favourite with both the girl and her family shatters the hopes of the three eligible bachelors. Nothing seems to stop the inevitable. The battle seems lost for the three hapless boys. The film goes through various emotional graphs where the three boys have their individual shares of gains and losses vis-a-vis their competitors. The girl doesn't reveal her feelings until a certain change of events makes her realise whom she really loves and would want to spend the rest of her life with."] ['{{Expand section}} Happily Ever After dissects the viability of fidelity via the story of three buddies and their tumultuous relationships with the opposite sex. The film opens with the central characters, Vincent  and Gabrielle  capriciously flirting in a bar. Vincent appears to win the affection of Gabrielle over many other potential courters, but the entire exercise is a ruse; they are actually married with a child. The rest of the film explores the nature of romance, marriage, happiness, expectations in life, how love and sex interrelate, and ultimately, why no one can feel fulfilled.'] ['American caricaturist Jim Crocker is a popular womanizer in London known by his pen name \'Piccadilly Jim\'. He supports his father James, an out-of-work actor with a great admiration for Shakespeare, but also with an inability to remember lines from the Bard\'s work. Most characters in the film describe James as a ham. Jim lives with his impeccable valet, Bayliss. Jim is happy when he finds out that his father is to be engaged to Eugenia Willis, until it turns out that Eugenia\'s overbearing sister, Nesta Pett, refuses to give permission for the marriage due to doubts of James\' sincerity and his financial background. One morning, James\' tries to introduce the Petts to his son, whom he describes as an artist, but Jim, who has stayed out all night drinking again, comes staggering in to find that Nesta Pett has discovered that the "artist" is a caricaturist, which does not impress her. Meanwhile, Jim meets and falls in love with Ann Chester, Nesta Pett\'s niece, whom he meets in a nightclub. Ann is dating Lord Frederick \'Freddie\' Priory, and therefore keeps her distance from Jim, despite his several failed attempts to get to know her better and to woo her. To worsen the matters, Jim finds out he is fired because he missed numerous deadlines, and the Petts take Eugenia and Ann with them to the French Riviera for a month, leaving James sad and Jim, who is clueless about Ann\'s family connection, wondering where she has disappeared to. But Jim has developed a comic strip based on the Petts , and it\'s a huge hit in England. The strip is titled \'From Rags to Riches\', featuring the \'Richswitch Family\'. The cartoons become an instant success, and Jim grows financially secure. He uses his new wealth to hire a team of detectives to find Ann. When the Petts return to England, they are recognized as the people from the drawings, and are soon the joke of the town. This infuriates the family, including Ann. Jim, upon learning Ann is the niece of the Petts, hides his identity and instead poses as Bayliss\' son. He finagles a way to spend a few hours with Ann before her family flees England for the United States, and he works out a way to cross to New York on the same ship as Ann and Lord Priory. Before leaving England, he tries to cancel the comic strip, but learns he doesn\'t own the rights to it. He also learns that the strip has been picked up by newspapers in the States. Even though Jim makes the Richwitch Family characters more benevolent, Ann is furious when she finds out that \'Bayliss\' son\' is actually Piccadilly Jim. The Petts are, on the other hand, enjoying their popularity and welcome Jim. Meanwhile, James poses as the Danish count Olav Osric to impress the family as Eugenia\'s lover. Bayliss suspects that Ann\'s fiancée Freddie is not a descendent of the wealthy Priory family as he insists, so Jim tries to discredit Freddie. At a party, he announces that he will "unmask the imposter." James – as count Osric – feels this is addressed to him, so he reveals his true identity, and is immediately rejected by the Petts. When he finds out that Freddie is not the liar Bayliss claimed he was, Jim decides to give up his hope in winning Ann\'s heart, and leaves for London. On the boat, Bayliss encourages him not to give up. Jim realize Bayliss is right, and he runs for shore, leaping onto the lowering gangplank, where he bumps into Ann, who by then also realized that she is in love with him. In the end, they kiss.'] ['Arush Mehra  lives a fairly wealthy lifestyle in Sydney, Australia with roommates Tanmay Joglekar  and Ali Haider . He works for a popular dance club, while Tanmay entertains children as \'Eddy Teddy\' and Ali takes care of their apartment. All three are womanizers and usually end up sleeping with different women. One day, they find a baby girl outside their door with a note instructing them to take care of her, since she is the daughter of one of them. The three men go to all the women they dated and slept with, but none claim that this baby is hers. The men try to take care of Angel, but she becomes a huge pain, so they drop her off at a church. A big rainstorm occurs, and the baby develops an illness after being caught in the rain. The three men stay with Angel in the hospital, realizing how much they love her. She recovers, and the guys become changed men. They love her, pamper her, and grow a huge attachment towards her. One day, a woman named Isha  comes to take Angel back, claiming the baby to be her daughter. The guys are shocked as Arush tells them about his past. One year ago, Arush traveled to Delhi to attend his cousin Arjun\'s wedding. There, he met Isha Sahni, who also resides in Australia. He won her over and they spent night with each other. Shortly after, Isha caught him in a compromising situation with Devika Sharma , Isha\'s friend, so the couple split up. Arush returned to Sydney and forgot about the incident. The guys find it very difficult to live without Angel. Arush ends up challenging Isha to marry someone faithful within seven days who will accept Angel: If she\'s unsuccessful, she will have to give Angel back to him. They sign a contract to make the deal final. The men worry that they might lose the bet since Isha is very beautiful and wealthy. Arush makes a plan to win Isha and Angel back with the help of Ali, Tanmay and Isha\'s father. His attempts fail and Isha decides not to marry him. On the same day, Tanmay/Eddy Teddy meets her at the fair. After seeing his affection towards kids, Isha decides he will be good for Angel and her. A few days later, Isha finds out the truth and plans to fly with Angel on her private jet, since she was fooled and has lost the deal. Tanmay and Ali take the contract with them, as well as phoning the police. Just as the police are about to take Angel away from Isha, Arush tears up the contract and allows Isha and Angel to go. While they are parting, Angel says her first word: "Dada". Arush, Tanmay and Ali are upset until their bell rings the next day. They are amazed to find Angel at their doorstep. A few moments later, Isha turns up, telling Arush that it was very hard for them both to forget him. She agrees to marry him and the three are reunited.'] ['Set in China in the 1980s or 1990s, the film tells the story of Li Ming, a young orphan of the Tangshan earthquake, who leaves to study at the home of a renowned botanist. A secretive man and commanding father, he lives on an island that he has transformed into a luxurious garden. Anxious to share this solitary life, his daughter, An, welcomes with joy the arrival of the female student. Soon their friendship develops into a sensual, but forbidden attraction. Incapable of separating themselves, Ming and An create a dangerous arrangement to be able to continue spending their lives together: Ming marries An\'s brother, who is a PLA soldier and cannot bring his wife with him. However, An and Ming\'s relationship is discovered by the botanist who gets a heart attack when he finds out. Before he dies, he tells police that it was his daughter and daughter-in-law\'s homosexuality "disease" that killed him. Thus, An and Ming are sentenced to death by a court and executed.'] ["Kabir  is an engineering student who has been studying engineering for the last ten years. He is a carefree lifestyle guy, which involves partying with friends and not caring about his responsibilities. And one cold winter night on way back to home at VT station in Mumbai he meets a drunk Kuhu . Kabir thinks that his lifelong dream of having a girlfriend has come true, but for Kuhu he’s just a loser she wants to take for a ride. She makes him dance around in circles, run semi naked, ride cycles without seats, wear high heeled ladies shoes and so on. Kuhu, who is coping with a personal crisis, feels that the only way she can overcome it is to put someone else through misery. Kabir becomes the guinea pig and has to cope with the insane demands and tantrums of Kuhu. Initially wary of Kuhu, Kabir slowly eases up to her and understands her feelings. The story takes a turn when Kabir discovers the true meaning of Kuhu's actions, and their implications follow."] ['The film opens up by introducing Alfie , a charismatic, charming, bed-hopping, Vespa-riding Cockney who resides in Manhattan. An impeccably stylish lad in his late twenties, Alfie funds his hedonistic lifestyle by working as a driver for the local limousine service. Meeting, romancing, and seducing women comes as second nature to Alfie. In addition to maintaining a casual relationship with a single mother named Julie  that he refers to as his "semi-regular-quasi-sort-of-girlfriend thing", he also sleeps with various girls on the side, such as the married-yet-neglected-by-her-husband blonde named Dorie  whom he regularly meets for sex after work in the back of his limo. At the first inkling Dorie may desire their liaison to grow into something more, he decides to stop all contact. Alfie ultimately views women as expendable, cutting them loose as soon as he feels they\'re starting to cramp his style. Alfie\'s best friend, Marlon , is also a limo driver in the same company. In addition to their friendship, the two are working on a plan that would eventually see them start their own business. However, for the moment, Marlon is preoccupied with trying to win back his ex-girlfriend, Lonette , who dumped him after he hesitated to commit, and is now, despite his desperate efforts, stubbornly unresponsive to his reconciliation attempts. At a loss for ideas, Marlon eventually turns to Alfie for help by having him put in a good word with Lonette. This takes place late one night following a closing shift in a bar where Lonette is waitressing. As the staff is closing up, Alfie is trying to persuade her to take Marlon back, however, the conversation soon goes in a different direction and eventually after a few drinks, they end up having passionate sex on the pool table. Alfie is so terrified about facing his friend in the event he ever gets the word of what happened, but is amazed and relieved to be told by jubilant Marlon that Lonette got back with him the very next day after her "conversation" with Alfie. Around the same time, as he arrives to Julie\'s place looking for another booty call, Alfie is informed she no longer wants to see him since she found the proof of his infidelity . He seems to take it all in stride with a smile on his face as he disappears down her street. Alfie soon gets another unpleasant piece of news, this time from Lonette: she is pregnant with his child. Without telling Marlon, the two of them visit a clinic in order for her to have an abortion. Soon afterwards, Marlon and Lonette unexpectedly move upstate without even saying goodbye to Alfie. Alfie is then faced with an erectile problem that causes him plenty of embarrassment in front of his next few female conquests. Following repeated failures to achieve an erection with various women, he visits a doctor who performs an examination and reassures him there\'s nothing wrong physically that would stand in his way of achieving one, thus writing his erectile problems off to "probably stress". However, it\'s not all good news as the same doctor locates a lump, indicating a possibility of testicular cancer. Alfie immediately has a test run at the clinic and spends a few anxious days awaiting the results. During one of his trips to the hospital, Alfie meets an older man named Joe  in the clinic bathroom. After a brief conversation during which he reveals he\'s a widower, Joe imparts some life advice to depressed Alfie: "Find somebody to love, and live every day like it\'s your last". This is followed by him offering his card to Alfie "in case he wants someone to talk to". Soon afterwards, luckily, Alfie finds out he doesn\'t have cancer. Alfie takes the whole erection episode followed by a mortal health scare to heart and decides that "aiming higher" in his love life will be his new resolution. To that end, he picks up a beautiful young woman named Nikki  before Christmas, and they quickly embark on a passionate but turbulent relationship against the winter holidays backdrop. Soon after moving in together, Alfie is not happy about having to endure Nikki\'s wild mood swings and reckless behavior that occur as a result of her decision to go off her medication. While beginning to distance himself emotionally from Nikki, he sets his sights on an older woman, Liz , a sultry cosmetics mogul whom he meets in the company of an older man while driving them around. Although Alfie is clearly quite taken with her confident flair and high society ways, she, unlike many of the women in Alfie\'s life, seemingly displays no intent to move their relationship past the physical stage. Unsurprisingly, his infatuation with Liz serves as the final catalyst that leads to the end of his interest in Nikki, who soon moves out of his life. Not long afterwards, a chance meeting with his ex Julie in a coffee shop renews his feelings for her. To his dismay, she\'s now happily involved with someone else, filling Alfie with feelings of regret over his years of thoughtless womanizing. A trip upstate to visit Marlon and his now-wife, Lonette, reveals that she never actually went through with the abortion opting instead to give birth to Alfie\'s child. Alfie also learns that Marlon accepted the baby and cares for it now as though it\'s his biological child, all of which leaves Alfie feeling horrible. Downcast and gloomy, Alfie digs up the number given to him by a man named Joe from the clinic bathroom and calls him up. Walking along the beach together, Joe imparts some words of encouragment to Alfie. He then turns to Liz for reassurance and comfort, but is crushed to discover that she has a new man in her life. Completely rattled, Alfie insists to know what her new boyfriend has that he doesn\'t, to which she, after some initial hesitation, simply states: "he\'s younger than you". Shocked and dismayed by one blow after another, Alfie happens to run into Dorie. She walks by the docks late one night, but at this point he is more interested in a shoulder to lean on than sex. She, however, informs him she\'s moved on, and, though cordial and polite, generally lets him know she wants no part of him anymore. The film ends with Alfie\'s monologue in which he begins to question his shallow self-indulgent lifestyle.'] ['Will Hayes  is a 38-year-old father who is in the midst of a divorce. After her first sex-ed class, his 10-year-old daughter Maya  insists on hearing the story of how her parents met. Will gives in, but decides to change the names and some of the facts relating to the various love affairs of his youth, thereby creating a love mystery; Maya is left guessing which of the women will turn out to be her mother. The story he tells Maya is depicted in long flashbacks. From time to time the film switches back to the present, where Maya comments  and asks questions. The story begins in 1992 when Will, a starry-eyed aspiring political operative, moves away from Wisconsin and his college sweetheart, Emily  to New York City, where he works on the Clinton campaign. Over the years, Will becomes involved with three women who enter and re-enter his life, including Summer Hartley  an aspiring journalist, and April  the copy girl for the campaign. Will and April have a chance meeting outside work, where Will reveals he is going to propose to Emily. When Will practices his proposal to Emily on April, she is taken aback by Will\'s heartfelt words, and replies, "Definitely, maybe." They go back to her apartment, where April has multiple copies of Jane Eyre in her collection, explaining that her father gave her a copy with an inscription in the front shortly before he died, and the book was later lost. She has spent years looking through copies of Jane Eyre at secondhand stores hoping to find the copy her father gave her, but she buys any copy she finds that has inscription. They suddenly kiss, but Will backs away and leaves. Emily comes back to New York where she confesses, just after Will proposes, that she slept with his roommate. She did it on purpose to break up with Will, saying that she is "letting him go" because she doesn\'t share his rather lofty aspirations. After Clinton is elected, Will opens a campaigning business with most of his work colleagues, which enjoys a good amount of success. Before Will left Wisconsin, Emily asked Will to deliver a package to her former roommate, Summer Hartley, who is living in New York City. Will first meets Summer when he gives her the package, a diary that she wrote when she was a teenager . He finds she is going out with a famous writer who is old enough to be her father. However, the writer breaks up with Summer and Will starts a relationship with her. Meanwhile, April quits her job and goes to travel around the world. Will plans to propose to Summer when April comes back to tell him she loves him. However, she sees Will\'s intentions and reluctantly congratulates him instead. Summer writes a derogatory article about one of Will\'s clients, which causes the end of her relationship with Will. As a result of the article, Will loses his business and his dream of a political career goes down the drain. April calls after a long while and finds that Will is unemployed and unhappy. She throws a birthday party for him where he is reunited with his old colleagues. In a drunken rant, Will confesses his romantic feelings for April, but in the process ends up having a fight with her, questioning why she works in a used book store and telling her to "go to life rehab." Some time later, while walking the streets Will passes a used book store and sees the copy of Jane Eyre with the inscription from April\'s father. Will goes to April\'s apartment to give her the book, but he decides against it when he meets her live-in boyfriend Kevin. Emily re-enters Will\'s life when she moves to New York City, and turns out to be Maya\'s mother and Will\'s ex-wife, as Maya correctly guesses. Will explains to Maya that his story had a happy ending, which was Maya. Will and Maya share a hug and part ways as Maya leaves with her mother. At home, Will finds the book he has been saving for April, and goes to the offices of Amnesty International, where April is now working. After learning that April is now single again, Will gives her the book. But, when April finds out that Will had been holding on to the book for years, she becomes upset and asks him to leave. Maya is happy that she figured out the story, but also realizes that her father still loves April, as even though Will changed the names of Emily , and Summer , he did not change April\'s name. Encouraged by Maya, they go to April\'s apartment, where Will confesses to April that he held on to the copy of Jane Eyre because it was the only thing he had left of her. As the three enter into April\'s building, April springs into Will\'s arms and kisses him.'] ["New York City food writer Rachel Samstat and Washington, D.C. political columnist Mark Forman meet at a mutual friend's wedding and, after a whirlwind courtship, they marry, despite Rachel's reservations. They purchase a dilapidated Georgetown townhouse in Washington and the ongoing and seemingly never-ending renovations create some stress in their relationship. Rachel, overjoyed to discover she is pregnant, is determined to make her marriage work and becomes a stay-at-home mom. When she discovers evidence of Mark's extramarital affair with socialite Thelma Rice during her pregnancy with her second child, she leaves him and takes their daughter Annie to New York, where she moves in with her father and tries to jump start her career. Mark eventually convinces her to return home, but when it's obvious his philandering will never end, Rachel leaves him for good."] ["Deok-hoon meets In-ah, a former work colleague, on the subway; the two turn out to be big soccer fans, and soon begin a passionate relationship. To quell his doubts about In-ah's fidelity, Deok-hoon proposes to her, and they get married. But their honeymoon period doesn't last long, as In-ah declares that she will marry another man."] ["Gabriel , an office temp by day and aspiring Broadway composer by night, becomes smitten with Mark , a go-go dancer, in a gay bar with whom he makes eye contact. The two meet again in the subway that very night, and go back to Gabriel's place to have sex. They're thwarted in the attempt, however, first by Gabriel's aspiring actress friend Katherine , who is obsessed with her role in an adaptation of Salomé set in a women's prison, and then by Gabriel's roommate Rich , who returns home with his girlfriend Judy , with similar  plans for the apartment. Gabriel and Rich argue over which of them should get to use the apartment that night, and decide to settle the matter with a coin toss. When Gabriel loses the coin toss and he and Mark have to leave, Gabriel seeks out his friend Perry  to request the use of Perry's place. Unfortunately, as Perry escorts Gabriel and Mark there, they run into Perry's ex-boyfriend . Perry and his ex tearfully reconcile and they go back to Perry's, frustrating Gabriel and Mark yet again. The two then decide to hit a gay club for some dancing. There, a malicious drag queen  corners Gabriel in the restroom. She badmouths Mark to Gabriel, telling him of the time they tricked{{spaced ndash}}which sounds very much like how Gabriel and Mark met{{spaced ndash}}and how Mark left abruptly after climaxing, leaving her with a fake phone number to boot. Crushed by this news, Gabriel decides to take off. Mark follows Gabriel back to Gabe and Rich's apartment to talk{{spaced ndash}}and also because he's left his house keys there. They go in to look for the keys and try to talk things out while Judy mediates topless. Mark asserts that while he did indeed trick once with Miss Coco, it was actually the latter who tried to take advantage of him by secretly videotaping their encounter without Mark's consent. Gabriel accepts this story but still doesn't trust Mark, so Mark angrily leaves. Judy then finds Mark's keys, and Gabriel chases after Mark with them down into the New York subway system. Just when it seems that Mark is gone forever, he reappears; he and Gabriel made a connection after all. Having reconciled, they decide to get something to eat but{{spaced ndash}}in yet another turn of events{{spaced ndash}}run into Katherine and some of her theatre friends at a diner, where Katherine proceeds to monopolize the conversation. Gabriel finally blows up at her, and Katherine, humiliated, melts down and leaves in a huff. Gabriel chases after her and apologizes; they smooth things over and Katherine and Company depart. As the new morning dawns, Mark gives Gabriel his phone number, they kiss, and Mark heads home. Gabriel calls the number on a nearby payphone, and is relieved to learn that it's Mark's actual number. While they never found a spot to trick, Mark and Gabriel instead formed a budding relationship beyond the simple one-night-stand they'd first been trying for."] ['C.W. Briggs is an insurance investigator who is highly successful, owing to his many connections and ability to think like a criminal. His work does not impress Betty Ann Fitzgerald, an efficiency expert who butts heads with Briggs over his old-fashioned views. Her advice is usually followed however, because she secretly is in a relationship with her boss, Chris Magruder, who constantly reassures her that they will be free to pursue their relationship in public once he finalizes his divorce with his wife. While attending a dinner with some employees, Fitzgerald and Briggs are called on by a stage magician to be in his hypnotism act. Using the words "Madagascar" and "Constantinople" on them respectively as trigger words to put then in a trance, the two are given the suggestion that they are newlyweds who are madly in love before being reawakened. When Briggs returns home for the evening, he receives a call from the magician, who uses Brigg\'s trigger word to put him back in a trance and orders him to steal jewels for him. Briggs has no recollections of these crimes after he is woken up and is determined to prove himself by solving the crimes. He begins to investigate Fitzgerald on the grounds of her suspicious behavior  and sneaks into her house one evening. There, he witnesses Magruder tell her that he has reconciled with his wife and will not have a divorce. When he leaves, Fitzgerald becomes drunk in a fit of depression and tries to jump out of a window. Briggs stops her and spends the night keeping her from other self destructive activity. Eventually, investigations begin to pick up evidence that points to Briggs, leading to his arrest. He manages to escape to Fitzgerald\'s place, where she grudgingly hides him. Thinking that Briggs is no longer available, the magician begins to call Fitzgerald, using her trigger word of "Madagascar" to put her in a hypnotic state and resume stealing for him. It also becomes apparent that the subliminal suggestion of being in love has remained, as Fitzgerald and Briggs continue to act the part of newlyweds with each other while hypnotized. This leads several of Brigg\'s co-workers to recall the initial hypnotism and realize that it is the cause of the robberies. They free Briggs of the trigger word and upon remembering everything, he rushes to the site where the still hypnotized Fitzgerald is delivering the jewels to the magician. Briggs is discovered and held at gunpoint, however he deduces that a small-time criminal like the magician wouldn\'t have the nerve to do something as drastic as murder. The magician attempts to run but is caught by the police shortly after. Back at work, Briggs attempts to convince Fitzgerald that he loves her and she is better off with him than Magruder . She remains unwilling to break up with her boss, leading Briggs to ask, "Where are you going? Madagascar?" and puts her in a hypnotic and loving state. After they have left, their colleague George remarks that he already deprogrammed her.'] ["Sushanth is a happy-go-lucky college student whose philosophy of life is summed up as Forget Yesterday, Enjoy Today & Worry Not about Tomorrow which keeps him happy but worries his parents to no end. A transfer brings the entire family to Hyderabad where he flips for his college classmate Sneha on day one. A determined Sushanth woos her successfully and we are treated to a couple of songs in the bargain. Now, Sneha's philosophy of life runs totally opposite of Sushanth and very soon reality sets in. His attitude ruins his marriage prospects with Sneha and they end up separating. The second half of the movie is all about how they try to fall out of love while making compromises to their philosophies. As expected, it ends well with both accepting that Love is above everything else in life!!!http://www.123telugu.com/reviews/C/Current/Current_review.html"] ['New England schoolteacher Nancy Willows leaves her school and fiancee David Parker William Leslie to go to New York City for a career as a lyricist. Her neighbours across the hall are an easy going singer named Jerry Dennis  and his hot headed songwriter roommate Marty Adams  who is incapable of writing acceptable lyrics for his songs.'] ['The martial arts comedy Anna in Kung Fu Land centers on a young woman who dreams of becoming a movie star. Her father was a monk of the Shaolin temple, who defected to Japan after representing the temple during a martial arts tournament. There he met a Japanese woman and later bore Anna . He starts a martial school in Japan, although he dreams of being reconciled with his former mates. When his school is invited to be part of a martial arts tournament, he sends his daughter as his representative. She believes this might give her the opportunity to get her big break, but when that does not happen she becomes focused on beating the opposition in the tournament. She also becomes embroiled with the marketing executive  who becomes her first love.'] ['On the first day of the school year Georgia and her friends, Jas , Ellen  and Rosie  spot two new students that have just moved to Eastbourne from London. They are brothers--fraternal twins Robbie ([[Aaron Johnson  and Tom ([[Sean Bourke . Georgia announces to her mates that it is "Boy stalking time", and soon the girls follow the boys, who are exploring Eastbourne with their friend Dave "the Laugh" . Jas and Georgia find out that Robbie and Tom\'s mother owns a small, local, and organic vegetable store. They go there, pretending to be customers, and Jas and Tom quickly bond. Jas quickly tells Georgia that she\'s interested in Tom, and Georgia agrees because she soon realizes that Robbie, the other brother, has a cat and plays in a band. Soon after, Georgia hatches a plan to get closer to Robbie, by pretending that her cat, Angus, has gone missing. Jas has had Angus on a leash in another part of town the whole time, but he escapes while she is watching Tom playing sports, and Tom ends up rescuing him. Georgia had discovered that Robbie\'s parents were divorced while they were "looking" for Angus. Soon after the rescue, Tom asks Jas out and the pair begin dating while  Georgia discovers that Robbie is seeing Georgia\'s rival - Lindsay. In the midst of all this, Georgia\'s father has been offered a job in New Zealand, and he goes to New Zealand to prepare for the family to move out with him. During his absence, Georgia\'s mum hires a handsome builder called Jem to re-do the living room, and begins to spend increasingly longer periods of time with him, making Georgia worried as to the state of her parents marriage. Also, Georgia becomes the unofficial head of the house by doing a vast majority of the cooking, and the looking after of Libby, her sister. Georgia is upset with Jas one day at school because Jas is constantly abandoning the Ace Gang to hang out with Tom. She won\'t walk into school with them, eat lunch with them, or leave school with them. During gym class, Georgia explains this to her, and Jas quickly tells them later that she\'s gotten them all invited to an exclusive party. The Ace Gang goes to a local boy\'s house  named Peter Dyer who would "help out", so to speak, girls who were having trouble kissing. Peter Dyer took a severe liking to Georgia, and kept calling her and not leaving her alone. He confronts her at the party, by practically forcing her to dance with him, and tells her that he needs to talk to her. In so doing, he drags her outside against her will, and begins talking to her. He claims that Georgia drives him crazy and that she\'s his best student, whereupon he grabs her again and kisses her. Georgia, in an attempt not to kiss him back, falls backwards and into some bushes. At that same time, Robbie and Lindsay, and Jas and Tom arrive at the party together. Robbie sees the exchange and angrily goes inside, while Lindsay pokes fun at the situation by rudely commenting on the size of Georgia\'s underwear for, when Peter and Georgia fell, her skirt came up. Jas looks apologetically at Georgia as Georgia tries her best to get out of there with dignity. Tom invites Jas to go swimming with him and Robbie. In the previous scene, Georgia expressed her humiliation of the events at the party the other night. Jas explains that she will be going to the pool, and tells Georgia that this will be the perfect opportunity for Georgia to explain the events to Robbie herself. When Georgia wants to know where Lindsay will be, she hears from Jas that Lindsay doesn\'t like the water. Georgia meets them at the pool and brings her sister along as she is stuck babysitting her. Georgia manages to get Jas to come into the changing room with her, and while Libby is changing, she shows Jas what she has accidentally done to her legs. In an effort to make her legs look less pale, she put some spray tan onto them and they turned orange because she used too much. When they all come out again, and after Georgia hastily introduces Libby to Robbie  Jas helpfully asks Tom to take Libby swimming with the two of them. Robbie asks Georgia to swim with him, and then Georgia tells Robbie that she\'s not dating Peter, and that it was all a big misunderstanding. Robbie is pleased, and they enjoy a brief splash play-fight. Then, Georgia suggests that they do handstands. While she does hers, Robbie gets a good look at Georgia\'s legs. Georgia, embarrassed, says that she is a pathetic excuse for a girl, and Robbie playfully comments that they look like "giant cheezy puffs". Georgia covers her face in slight humiliation and Robbie pulls Georgia\'s hands away, leading to the kiss that Georgia has been wanting. Robbie awkwardly pulls away from her, then leaves, claiming that he has to "sort some things out" but that he will call Georgia later. Georgia calls Jas and tells her about it, and Jas is very happy for her. Then, Georgia tells Jas where she and Robbie left their conversation, and Jas doesn\'t understand what Robbie meant by "sort some some things out" either. Then, Georgia tells Jas that Robbie said that he would call her, and Jas tells Georgia that Tom called her the same day he\'d told her that he would be calling her. Georgia says goodbye to Jas, and then the phone rings, but it is her dad, telling her that he\'s really enjoying New Zealand, but that he only wants to speak to her mother. Georgia hangs up when the doorbell rings, and she goes to see who it is. It is Peter, who is very happy to see Georgia, and goes in to kiss her again. Georgia steps outside and closes the door behind her so her mum, or Libby won\'t hear. She tells Peter that she is "still recovering from her injuries" and that she can\'t go out with him. When Peter demands to know why, Georgia says the only thing that she can come up with: "I can\'t go out with you because I\'m a lesbian!" which makes Peter drop the flowers he brought for her in shock. In the next few days, Dave the Laugh passes Georgia notes in the library, asking Georgia if she is really a lesbian. Georgia, after finding out who sent the note, says that she isn\'t. Then, Dave says that Robbie said that she wasn\'t. This sparks new interest for Georgia, and then Dave tells her that the Stiff Dylan\'s are having a gig in Brighton, which upsets Georgia because Robbie didn\'t tell her about it. Georgia ends up asking Dave the Laugh to the gig, after reading Men are from Mars, Women are from Venus Georgia hatches a plan to make Robbie to realize his feelings for her by going to the gig with Dave the Laugh. Robbie tries to talk to Georgia at the gig, but is stopped by Lindsay, who tells him that she is holding a party. Dave walks Georgia home, and Dave confesses to Georgia that he really likes her. He tries to kiss her, but Georgia makes him give her a handshake instead. He then respectfully kisses her on the cheek, and says "see you around, beautiful" which upsets Georgia. The next day at school, Dave won\'t talk to Georgia, as he\'s found out that she was only using him to make Robbie jealous. When Georgia confronts Dave on this, he calls Georgia a "heartless user" and tells her that he is upset that she tested her "elastic band theory" on him. Dave ends up telling Robbie that Georgia was only using him, and he stops talking to her as well, due to the fact that he and Dave are best friends. Georgia soon finds out during gym class that it was Jas that leaked this information, and they have an argument, which quickly turns physical  and they vow never to speak to each other again. Feeling like there is no point in staying in England, because she no longer has any friends and is very upset in general, Georgia decides that it is best for everyone if they would move to New Zealand. She makes major changes in her life, including taking better care of the house due to her mother\'s frequent absences, cooking and looking after Libby, throwing out her teen magazines, listening to dolphins, and doing yoga for relaxation purposes. She even dyes a streak of her hair a shocking blonde. Before she leaves she goes to the beach for a walk knowing Robbie would be there and apologizes to him. Robbie tells her that he dumped Lindsay, which makes Georgia sit down to take in the news. Robbie also tells her that he wrote a song about her called "Bitch in a Uniform" and that he wrote it when he was pissed off at her, but that he still likes her. He stands up and she does the same, and he offers her his hand, and Georgia thinks that he is merely calling a truce. Robbie laughs and calls her a "moppet" and tells her to hold his hand so that they can walk together. They are about to kiss for the second time, but Robbie discovers her blonde streak, and tells Georgia not to dye her hair. In the end Georgia\'s mum takes her to a club for the first time and it turns out to be a surprise fifteenth birthday party, which Jas had secretly organized with Georgia\'s mum. She is greeted by all her friends and her family, with Jas and Georgia befriending each other again. Georgia\'s mother tells her that she must also thank Jem for the party as well, and, after doing so, begs her mother not to get a divorce. Her mother doesn\'t know what she\'s talking about, and reveals something else. Upon turning around, Georgia realizes that, as a surprise, Georgia\'s father has returned from New Zealand, deciding to stay in Eastbourne for a better job opportunity. When her mother asks Georgia to clarify what she was talking about when she mentioned divorce, another man comes up and stands with Jem. He wishes Georgia a happy birthday, and Georgia\'s mother says that this man, who is Jem\'s boyfriend, owns the club, and they\'ve all become friends so Georgia could have the party that she wanted. The Stiff Dylans are performing the song "Ultraviolet" which Robbie had written about Georgia. During the song, Georgia introduces Ellen  to Dave, who is still upset with Georgia. They are immediately attracted to one another, and end up sharing a kiss. Georgia also introduces an unnamed girl to Peter, and we don\'t know what happens between them. The Stiff Dylan\'s are interrupted mid-song by an angry Lindsay who had come from her own party  and tells Robbie that he would either have to take her back or lose her forever. Lindsay calls Georgia several rude names, and calls herself perfect, and declares that it\'s perfectly obvious which one he should choose. Robbie takes Georgia\'s hand and pulls her on-stage, tells her that Georgia is the one he wants, and that she\'s perfect for him. Jas, and the other members of the Ace Gang join them on-stage, and Jas says that Robbie prefers girls that are "un-fake" and pulls Lindsay\'s "jellies" out of her bra. Robbie apologizes to Georgia that Lindsay tried to ruin her party, and Georgia asks Robbie if he really thinks she\'s perfect. Robbie says that he thinks she\'s mad, but that she\'s perfect for him, and he kisses Georgia on-stage. The movie ends with a scene that begins at Georgia\'s breakfast table with her parents, Libby, and Angus. She tells us that now she is very happy with her life, and that she doesn\'t mind if her parents show their affection in front of them, and she doesn\'t mind Libby\'s weirdness, and she doesn\'t mind having a big nose. As she walks out of the house to go to school, we see Robbie waiting for her, so that they can walk to school together. The scene changes to them on a date, simply walking around London and laughing together.'] ['Three smalltown friends looking to leave their troubles behind come up with a robbery scheme to fund their trip to the big city. But as their plan goes awry and the authorities become involved, they are left with no other alternative but to take hostage a pair of traveling young lovebirds, with no shortage of problems of their own.'] ["A boy obsessed with football finds his life changing dramatically once he adds a little Samba. Danny  plays on the football team at the all-boys Catholic school he attends in Belfast. Danny's three best friends, who also play on the team, all have different ambitions for their lives. Mickey  wants to be a fashion designer so he can get rich and date supermodels. Gary  wants to become a magician so he can get rich and meet beautiful women . And Spike  likes to beat people up, so he wants to become a mercenary and do it for a living. But Danny dreams of making football his life. The players Danny most admires are South Americans, such as Pele and Carlos Riga, who he feels have a special rhythm and flexibility. Wanting to add some of these qualities to his own game, Danny has an idea: he'll take Samba lessons, in the hope that dancing like a South American will help him play like a South American. To the surprise of himself and his friends, Danny turns out to be a pretty good Latin dancer and finds himself smitten with a student in his dance class, Lucy . However, Lucy happens to have a boyfriend, who is a fierce competitor on one of Danny's rival teams."] ['The story revolves around a struggle to determine which of Satan\'s  three sons will succeed their father as ruler of Hell. Adrian  is the most devious, Cassius  is the cruelest and Nicky  is their father\'s favourite. Adrian and Cassius claim that Nicky\'s mother is a goat and torment him by controlling his body with their minds. Nicky has had a speech impediment and a disfigured jaw since Cassius hit him in the face with a shovel when he was a child. Having been the "Prince of Darkness" for ten thousand years, Satan assembles his sons to decide which of them will succeed him, but instead he keeps the throne for himself. Angered by this decision, Adrian and Cassius go to Earth to create a new Hell by possessing religious and political leaders in New York City. As they leave, they freeze the entrance to Hell, preventing more souls from entering and causing Satan\'s body to begin decomposing. To stop Adrian and Cassius, Satan sends Nicky to Earth with a silver flask that traps whoever drinks from it inside. At first, Nicky has trouble staying alive on Earth. He is killed several times, landing in Hell and returning to New York each time. While learning how to eat and sleep, he meets a talking bulldog named Mr. Beefy , rents an apartment with an actor named Todd  and falls in love with a design student named Valerie . Nicky\'s first encounter with his brothers occurs when Adrian sees him with Valerie, takes mental control of his body and makes him scare her away. Then Nicky sees Cassius on television, possessing the referee of a Harlem Globetrotters game. When he goes to the court and tricks Cassius into the flask, Satanist metalheads John  and Peter  are so thrilled with his performance that they become his devoted fans. That evening, Nicky tries to apologize to Valerie. The meeting goes badly at first, but she accepts him after he explains who he is and why he is on Earth. The next day, Adrian possesses the Chief of the NYPD  and accuses Nicky of mass murder using an edited scene from Scarface. Not knowing what to do, Nicky has Todd kill him so he can go back to Hell and ask his father for advice, but his father has trouble hearing because his ears have fallen off and his assistants are in a panic because the midnight deadline to capture Adrian and Cassius is only hours away. Back on Earth again, Nicky and his friends devise a plan to capture Adrian in a subway station, but Adrian discovers their trick. In the ensuing fight, Adrian grabs Valerie and dives onto the track as a train approaches, but Nicky throws her out of the way, leaving himself and Adrian to be killed by the train. Arriving in Hell just minutes before midnight, Adrian begins the process of taking over Hell by pushing what remains of his father aside and sitting on the throne, rising to Central Park and starting a riotous party. Meanwhile, Nicky wakes up in Heaven as a reward for sacrificing himself and meets his mother , an angel who tells him he can defeat Adrian with the "Inner Light" he inherited from her. After she gives him a mysterious orb, he goes to Central Park. Adrian appears to win a pitched battle by locking Nicky in the flask and turning himself into a bat, but Nicky escapes from the flask. When he shatters the orb, Ozzy Osbourne appears, bites Adrian\'s head off and spits it into the flask. With his brothers captured, Nicky is ready to save his father. After he sins to make sure he goes to Hell, he and Valerie express their love for each other and she kills him. In Hell, Satan regains his body and recommends that Nicky go back to Earth. The film ends a year later, when Nicky and Valerie live in New York with their infant son Zachariah. It is mentioned that John and Peter have died in a plane crash and are now living in Hell in Nicky\'s old room.'] ["24 years earlier, in 1913, single spinster Miss Bentley  enjoyed spending her summer holiday in Lake Como, Italy with her father before World War I started in 1914. The year is now 1937, and her father has recently died. To clear the air after the loss of her father, she's decided to return to Lake Como on her own to spend a month's summer holiday. She soon meets an upstanding bachelor named Major Wilshaw (played by [[Edward Fox , and sets her interest in him. But soon afterwards, a young American girl named Miss Beaumont  arrives, and starts flirting with the Major."] ['An Island  run by a crazed with power Duke is in turmoil. The peasants plan a revolt, with two buddies including Cliff  planning to overthrow the corrupt Duke. Cliff invites his friend Jacques  to help, though Jacques spends most of his time with his love Vanette . Meanwhile Cliff dresses up as a female as part of the plan and after much chaos all is well and he returns to America safe and sound.'] ["Amy Myer  is a woman whose dying mother  made out a timeline for Amy's life and predicted she would marry her seventh boyfriend. But when she falls head over heels for her sixth boyfriend Daniel McCandles ([[Brad Rowe , she decides to find another sixth boyfriend to dump in order to marry Daniel. She settles on Peter Connor , a local bagel shop owner who is in love with her. Unfortunately, things don't go as planned when Amy realizes that she has feelings for Peter."] ['Set amidst Chicago\'s swing music revival of the late 1990s, Oscar Novak , an aspiring architect and his business partner, Peter Steinberg , have just landed a career-making opportunity with a Chicago tycoon Charles Newman  who has chosen them to compete for the design of a multimillion dollar cultural center. In a ploy for publicity, Newman has pitched Oscar and Peter in a neck-and-neck competition with their archrivals and former colleagues, the hugely successful  Decker and Strauss. In a comic twist Oscar is mistaken for a gay man when meeting with Charles Newman . Under the mistaken impression that Oscar is homosexual, and therefore a safe companion for his girlfriend Amy , he asks Oscar to keep an eye on her for him and make sure that she doesn\'t talk to his wife. Oscar falls for Amy virtually on sight, but she thinks he\'s gay. He is forced to maintain the charade to avoid getting into trouble with Newman, and losing the commission. Matters become complicated when a news article about Oscar and Peter\'s homosexual status is published in the Business paper, leaving Oscar in the increasingly frustrating position of having to fend off advances from various gay men while convincing his friends and family that he is simply pretending to be gay; Amy even sets him up on a date with her ex-boyfriend, football player Kevin Cartwright, but Oscar manages to defuse the situation by saying that he\'s in love with someone else. Despite the embarrassing misconceptions, Oscar forms a close bond with Amy as they continue to spend time together-to the extent that Amy moves in with him after she is kicked out of her apartment-Amy sharing various personal stories with Oscar. At the final presentation for the cultural center, Oscar and Peter receive the commission, but Oscar is simultaneously told that he has won the award for Gay Professional Man of the Year, with Newman deciding that he will reveal his decision after the ceremony. After an awkward meeting between Amy and Newman\'s wife at the party, she and Oscar go to a bar, but Amy leaves in frustration after she nearly kisses him, prompting a brief argument between her and Oscar where Oscar states that her relationship with Newman has no future, with the only reason they haven\'t argued after over a year being that Newman doesn\'t care enough to fight with her, while Amy counters that Oscar is hardly in a position to give her advice on romance, having simply been playing it safe by spending time with her as he hasn\'t been on a date since she met him. After spending the day alone, Oscar attends the award ceremony for Gay Professional Man of the Year. Although he initially continues his charade, while looking out at the people before him, he instead makes a passionate speech about how he admires all the men and women here who were able to tell the truth to their families about how they feel, ending the speech by "coming out of the closet" as he admits that he\'s straight and in love with Amy; even if he simultaneously destroys any hope of being with her by doing so, he felt that everyone in the room deserves the same kind of honesty that they have given their own families. As he is applauded for having the courage to admit the truth, he runs after Amy, only for her to punch him and Newman before walking out of the theatre in a rage, leaving Peter to accept a date with Kevin. However, as Oscar sits in a restaurant where he and Amy ate together on the night they met, Amy comes to see him, admitting that she loves him too, followed by their first kiss. In a post-credit sequence, Newman\'s wife convinces him to go with Oscar and Peter\'s design despite his own claims to go with the other firm, revealing that she knew about him and Amy and informing him bluntly that Oscar and Peter did the better job.'] ["Luke Wilson appears as an ex-con working in a retirement home, with Luke's other brother, Owen Wilson, as the home's head nurse. Eva Mendes co-stars as Luke Wilson's character's love-interest. The film also features Eddie Griffin, Kris Kristofferson, Harry Dean Stanton, Seymour Cassel and Will Ferrell."] ['The film is a comedy which uses satirical and Ealing-style humour. Depicting life amongst the Asian community in Britain, it is set in the London suburb of Southall. Mrs. Sethi  is a widow living in Southall who wants to marry off her only daughter, for she is alone and unhappy. Her daughter, Roopi,  is a little plump and opinionated. Mrs. Sethi finds that all her matchmaking efforts are rudely rejected. She avenges this behaviour toward her daughter by murdering the failed dates using her culinary skills. A police hunt begins for a serial murderer using a killer curry.{{cite news}} Mrs. Sethi does not feel guilty until the spirits of her victims come back to haunt her. They are unable to reincarnate until their murderer dies. Mrs. Sethi must kill herself to free the spirits, but vows to get her daughter married first. The spirits realize that helping Roopi find a suitable husband before the police catch Mrs. Sethi is in their best interests, and everyone begins to work together. Meanwhile, Roopi catches the eye of the young Sergeant investigating the case.'] ['Madeleine Ross  is a journalist, and her boyfriend, Harris Sloane , is the owner of an art theatre. Their relationship is on-again/off-again, and when Madeleine meets the French star Jean-Fidel Mileau  it provokes changes in the way she and Harris feel about each other.'] ['Fraternal twin brothers meet a childhood crush at a rundown hotel and rediscover their love as they renew their competition for her affection.'] [" Set in the poorer Naples of 1953, Adelina  supports her unemployed husband Carmine  and child by selling black market cigarettes. When she doesn't pay a fine, her furniture is to be repossessed. However her neighbors assist her by hiding the furniture. A lawyer who lives in the neighborhood advises Carmine that as the fine and furniture is in Adelina's name, she will be imprisoned. However, Italian law stipulates that women cannot be imprisoned when pregnant or within six months after a pregnancy. As a result Adelina schemes to purposely stay pregnant. After seven children, Carmine is seriously exhausted and Adelina must make the choice of being impregnated by their mutual friend Pasquale  or be incarcerated.  Anna  is the wife of a mega-rich industrialist who has a lover named Renzo . Whilst driving together in her husband's Rolls-Royce, Anna must determine which is the most important to her happiness - Renzo or the Rolls. Renzo rethinks his infatuation with Anna when she expresses no concern when they nearly run over a child.  Mara  works as a prostitute from her apartment, servicing a variety of high class clients including Augusto , the wealthy, powerful and neurotic son of a Bologna industrialist. Mara's elderly neighbour's grandson visiting them is a handsome and callow young man studying for the priesthood but not yet ordained who falls in love with Mara. To the shrieking dismay of his grandmother, the young man wishes to leave the clergy to be with Mara or to join the French Foreign Legion if Mara rejects him. Mara vows to set the young man on the path of righteousness back to the seminary and enlists the reluctant Augusto. Mara provides a strip tease at the climax of the film."] ['Andie Anderson  is a writer who works for a magazine called Composure as the "How to..." woman. She is bored and wishes she could write more about important things, such as politics, economics, religion, poverty; stuff she cares about. She soon finds herself writing an article called "How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days". The idea comes about when Andie\'s friend, Michelle , experiences a minor breakdown after yet another break-up. Using her friend as inspiration, Andie reveals how she will actually start dating a guy and drive him away but \'only using the classic mistakes women make\'. At the same time, advertising executive Benjamin Barry  is striving for a pitch to advertise diamonds and explains to his boss and co-workers how "a woman in lust wants chocolate, a woman in love wants diamonds." Questioning what Ben would know about love, Ben bets he could make any woman fall in love with him if he wanted to, and so the bet arises. If he can make any woman fall in love with him before the upcoming company ball, in just 10 days, he can be in charge of the advertising for the new diamond company. Ben\'s rival co-workers, Judy Spears  and Judy Green , who were at Composure Magazine earlier and are aware of Andie\'s new assignment, conspire to have Andie and Ben meet that night and start their quests. Fortunately, that night Andie and Ben happen to be in the same place and as Judy and Judy refer to her as "the blond with the pretty smile", Ben thinks it is a done deal. Neither Andie nor Ben reveal their true intentions. Andie works hard to make Ben break up with her in order to go about completion of her article, however, Ben continues to stick around in the hope of making her fall in love with him. Andie goes on to get Ben knocked out at a chick flick film, rapidly moves her stuff into his apartment, acts overly possessive and sensitive at all times, ruins boys poker night for him and his friends and takes him to a Celine Dion concert when he was under the assumption he was going to see a New York Knicks basketball game, which Andie had wanted. Ben stays with her despite everything, and after coming very close to a break-up they attend couples counseling, led by Andie\'s friend Michelle. They agree, as a solution to their \'problems\' they will go to see Ben\'s family in Staten Island for the weekend. While holidaying together, Ben and Andie begin to form a genuine bond; playing card games with the family, learning to ride Ben\'s motorcycle and upon arrival home Ben even refers to Andie as \'his girlfriend\'. Andie tries to explain to boss Lana  that she cannot go ahead with writing and publishing this article as she has "really got to know this guy", but Lana remains insistent upon it. Around the same time, Andie and Ben go to the company ball together where Ben\'s boss, Phillip  meets Andie and tells Ben that he "met her, she loves you, you win". Seeing Ben\'s good news, Spears and Green are instantly envious and set about to ruin it for their co-worker. They tell his close worker colleagues, Tony  and Thayer  Andie knew about the bet all along and was playing along in order for Ben to win. Almost instantly, Tony and Thayer rush to Andie\'s side and beg her to keep quiet, when they do not realize she is still blissfully unaware. Almost simultaneously, Ben finds out about Andie\'s true intentions as they are revealed to him by boss Lana - who is unaware of Ben\'s role in her How to Girl\'s article. Upon finding out, Andie attempts to humiliate Ben by getting on stage and telling all he has prepared a "special treat" and is to sing a song. In an attempt to then leave, Ben reveals they have prepared a "duet" and instructs his friends to not let her leave the room. They go on to sing a poor version of You\'re So Vain, originally by Carly Simon described as "one of their personal favourites" which they alternatively sang as: A: "Ben Barry you\'re so vain, you probably think this song is about you, don\'t you, don\'t you! You fooled me to win a bet, you should feel ashamed". B: "Look, You took me to a god damn Celine Dion concert, you made me miss the big game". A: "Oh, Smart Guy\'s a rhymer, well do we want everybody to know your love making is lame". B: "Maybe because you named my penis, you named my penis, you named my penis after a dame." They go their separate ways before Ben is shown Andie\'s article and encouraged to read it. She explains in it how she \'lost the one man she ever fell for\' and when he hears she quit her job at Composure and was on her way to Washington for an interview he chases her and stops her. Calling her bluff and saying that she is running away, they reveal their true feelings for each other and the film ends as Ben instructs the taxi driver to return Andie\'s belongings to her home and they kiss.'] ['Scott is a suddenly single young man, who is known for rushing into relationships. He invites a co-dependent, seemingly "perfect couple" to share his large apartment, only to see them completely disrupt his life when they insert themselves into his new romance.'] ['Four good friends from western Michigan, high school seniors, Kevin Myers , a confident student with a girlfriend named Vicky ; Chris "Oz" Ostreicher ([[Chris Klein , a member of the high school lacrosse team; Jim Levenstein , an awkward and sexually naïve character whose dad  attempts to offer sexual advice including purchasing and giving him pornography; and Paul Finch , a cappuccino-drinking sophisticate, make a pact, at Kevin\'s initiation, to lose their virginity before their high school graduation after a dorky classmate, Chuck Sherman ([[Chris Owen , claims to have done so at a party hosted by Steve Stifler , an ignorant and obnoxious lacrosse player who happens to be a close friend to the main four boys. Vicky later accuses Kevin of being with her only for sex, and he must try and repair his relationship with her before the upcoming prom night, when the four plan to lose their virginity. He eventually succeeds. Oz, meanwhile, joins the jazz choir in an effort to lose his reputation as an insensitive jock and finds a girlfriend there. He soon wins the attention of Heather , a girl in the choir. However, he runs into problems when Heather comes to learn about Oz\'s reputation and subsequently breaks up with him, although he later manages to regain some of her trust, and later most of it when he leaves the lacrosse championship to perform a duet with her in a choir competition. Jim, meanwhile, attempts to pursue Nadia , an exchange student from Czechoslovakia who asks Jim for help to study for an upcoming test. Stifler persuades him to set up a webcam in his room so that they can all watch it together. The plan suffers a hiccup, though, when Nadia discovers Jim\'s pornography collection and sits half-naked on his bed to read and masturbate to it. Jim is persuaded to return to his room, where he joins Nadia, unaware that he accidentally sent the weblink to the entire school directory and the members of the pop-punk band Blink-182. As Nadia is preparing to have sex with him, he prematurely ejaculates twice, humiliating himself live in front of the entire school. Shortly afterwards Nadia leaves school and goes back home, now leaving Jim completely dateless for prom, and his likeliness of losing his virginity before high school is over. In sheer desperation, Jim asks band camp geek Michelle Flaherty  to the senior prom as she is apparently the only girl at his school who did not see what happened. Finch, meanwhile, pays Vicky\'s friend, Jessica , $200 to spread rumors around the school of his sexual prowess, hoping that it will increase his chances of success. Unfortunately, he runs into trouble when Stifler, angry that a girl turned him down for the prom because she was waiting for Finch to ask her, puts a laxative into Finch\'s cappuccino. Finch, being paranoid about the lack of cleanliness in the school restrooms, and unable to go home to use the toilet as he usually does, is tricked by Stifler into using the girls\' restroom. Afterward, he emerges before many other fellow students, humiliated and is left dateless. At the prom, everything seems hopeless for the four boys until Vicky asks the girl that Chuck Sherman claimed to have bedded about her "first time." She proclaims to everyone at the prom that she and Sherman did not have sex at Stifler\'s party, leaving Sherman embarrassed and making him wet himself. The revelation takes the pressure off of Jim, Kevin, Oz and Finch, and they head to the post-prom party with new hope. At the after-party at Stifler\'s house, all four boys fulfill their pledge. Kevin and Vicky have sex in an upstairs bedroom. Vicky breaks up with Kevin afterwards on the grounds that they will drift apart when they go to college, with him attending the University of Michigan and her at Cornell University; he tries to persuade her otherwise but quickly realizes that the distance between the two schools will be too much of a burden. Oz confesses the pact to Heather, and renounces it, saying that just by them being together makes him a winner. They reconcile and wind up making love together on the dock. Oz, honoring his newfound sensitivity, never confesses to what they did. Jim and Michelle have sex after he finds out that she is actually not as naïve as she let on and that she saw the "Nadia Incident" after all. She accepted his offer to be his date because of it, knowing he was a "sure thing," but she makes him wear two condoms to combat his earlier "problem" with Nadia. Jim is surprised to discover that Michelle behaves unexpectedly aggressively in bed. In the morning he wakes up to find her gone and realizes that she had used him for a one-night stand, which Jim thinks is "cool." Dateless, Finch strays downstairs to the basement recreation room where he meets Stifler\'s Mom . She is aroused by his precociousness, and they have sex on the pool table. In the morning, Stifler enters the room, realizes that his mom has had sex with Finch and faints, unable to believe that his mom and "Shit-break" are together. The morning after the prom Jim, Kevin, Oz, and Finch eat breakfast at their favorite restaurant - with the fitting nostalgic name, "Dog Years" - where they toast to "the next step." The film ends with Nadia watching Jim stripping on his webcam. His dad walks in but walks out and starts dancing like Jim.'] ["Restaurant owner Dylan Ramsey  is head-over-heels in love with his new neighbor, a French cellist named Lila . In a desperate attempt to garner her affections, he kidnaps her beloved pet dog and offers to help her find him on a phantom dog hunt. A wrench is thrown in his plans, however, when the dog swallows his best friend's diamond ring, and things get worse for Dylan as Lila's ex-fiancee, Rene, arrives to win her back."] ['Jake Stein  is a 17 year-old who lives with his sick mother and grandfather in Brooklyn. He wants nothing more than to be a writer, but when his mother’s health takes a turn for the worse, Jack is sent to Miami to live with his father, “Zowie” , a small-time “handicapper” who gives horse racing tips for a living. Not much of a parent, Zowie has shirked his fatherly responsibilities for most of his son’s life. Nonetheless, Jack is excited about the prospects of bonding with his dad in sunny Miami. Jack quickly befriends Mark, a local rich kid, whose excess drug use helps him get through the pressures of teenage life in Southern Florida, where the in crowd only cares about how much money your parents make, who’s coming to your pool party, and of course, whether or not you’re getting laid. As Jack tries to navigate the waters of his new home—while trying to connect with his eccentric father—he meets Marina, a famous model who is in town for a photo shoot. The two quickly bond. Jack reminds Marina of her younger brother, who died in a motorcycle accident, and Jack just can’t get over the fact that such a beautiful woman is interested in him. But just when things seem to be going right, all goes terribly wrong. Jack must figure out how to become a man, if he is ever going to finish writing his memoir.'] ['Ninette Sánchez  is an intelligent, sexy, charming and spontaneous Parisian girl, daughter of Spanish republican exiles, working in the Galleries Lafayette. Her ingenuousness and beauty charms Andrés , a humble Spanish vendor of religious items from Murcia, who is staying with her family after he came to Paris to meet "easy" French women. Andrés falls for her many charms. Unfortunately, Ninette\'s parents, Armando  and Bernarda  do not take the news well when Ninette announces that she is pregnant.'] ['The story chronicles the life of T. S. Garp , the illegitimate son of a feminist mother, Jenny Fields . Jenny wanted a child but not a husband. A nurse during World War II, she encounters a dying ball turret gunner known only as Technical Sergeant Garp who was severely brain damaged in combat. Unconstrained by convention and driven by practicality and her desire for a child, Jenny uses Garp\'s sexual response to impregnate herself, and names the resultant son after him. Jenny raises young Garp alone. Garp grows up, becoming interested in wrestling and writing fiction, topics his mother has little interest in. However, his writing piques the interest of the daughter of the school\'s wrestling coach, Helen Holm . She is wary of him, however, because Garp is quite promiscuous at school. Jenny also observes Garp\'s behavior in this regard and is intellectually curious about it, having little more than clinical interest in sex herself. She offers to procure a prostitute for Garp, and -- after engaging the two of them in conversation on the subject -- decides to write a book on her observations of lust and human sexuality. Her book is a partial autobiography called A Sexual Suspect, and is an overnight sensation. Jenny becomes a feminist icon. She uses the proceeds from the book to found a center at her home for troubled and abused women and transsexuals. Meanwhile, Garp\'s first novel is published, which impresses Helen. The two marry and eventually have two children, Duncan and Walt. Garp becomes a devoted parent and successful fiction writer, while Helen becomes a college professor. However, he and his wife both struggle with fidelity. Having learned about his wife\'s infidelity with one of her students, Garp gets into a car accident while his children are riding in the back seat of his car. He crashes into his wife\'s lover\'s car, parked in their home\'s driveway; his wife was in the car performing fellatio on her lover. As a result, Walt is killed and Duncan suffers an eye injury.  This turns into a time of emotional healing when Garp, through the aid of his mother, learns to forgive himself and his wife for their fidelity problems. The couple reconcile, and they have a baby daughter named Jenny after her grandmother. Garp spends time visiting his mother and the people who live at her center, including transsexual ex-football player Roberta Muldoon . He also first hears the story of Ellen James, a girl who was gang-raped and then had her tongue cut out so that she could not identify her attackers. Some of the women at Jenny\'s center are "Ellen Jamesians", women who voluntarily cut out their own tongues as a show of solidarity. Garp is horrified by the practice and learns that the Jamesians have received a letter from Ellen James herself begging them to stop the practice, but that they have voted to refuse. Because of both her center and her book, Jenny has been receiving credible death threats. To Garp\'s dismay, she is dismissive of physical danger, and in fact, decides to endorse a politician who supports her message. Garp writes a book about the life of Ellen James. The book is very successful and well-regarded, but is highly critical of the Jamesians. Garp begins receiving death threats of his own from them. During a political rally, Jenny is shot and killed by a male anti-feminist fanatic. The women of Jenny\'s center hold a memorial for her, but forbid all men from attending. Garp, dressed as a woman, is secreted into the memorial by Muldoon. However, he is identified by Pooh, a Jamesian he had known when they both were in school. A commotion breaks out, and Garp is in danger of being hurt, until a woman leads him out of the memorial, away from danger, and to a taxi. The woman is Ellen James , who thanks Garp for his book about her. The Jamesians are further outraged that Garp attended the memorial. Garp returns to his old school as the wrestling coach. One day during practice, Pooh enters the gymnasium and shoots him at close range with a pistol. Garp is airlifted away from the school by helicopter with his wife. He flashes back to an earlier time when his mother would toss him into the air. The movie is left open-ended on whether he survives or not.'] ["Fun-loving Bobby is a mail clerk in a big firm, but he has a trump card, his best friend Waymon, an African-American who is almost a partner in the firm. They make a deal: Waymon will try to move Bobby to the trainee broker program if he will help him meet Natalie, the girl of his dreams. There's only one problem, everyone will have to change."] ["Webster McGee  is a computer programmer who abruptly quits his job and adopts a life of crime as a jewel thief in Houston, Texas. For his first job he robs rich businessman Henderling , stealing from him not only money, but also files with information that could destroy Henderling's career. McGee uses them to blackmail him but instead of money he asks for introduction into high society -- aiming to find a way to rob other rich houses. He soon meets Laura  at a society function hosted by Henderling. She falls in love with McGee and then helps him to burglarize several friends of Henderling. Insurance investigator Dave Reilly  is intent on identifying Webster as the jewel thief, but in the course of investigation Reilly and McGee develop a sort of friendship. Reilly must decide whether to be loyal to his job or his new friend."] ['Tommy and his gang decide to get jobs in order to free draft-age men for the war effort. Because of their previous encounters with the law, the group has a tough time getting hired. Eventually, Tommy gets a job at a department store. However, a store executive tries to get Tommy in trouble with a group of hijackers.'] ['Ian Keith plays a French military attaché in Madrid who romantically pursues the wives of various government officials. Betty Compson and Mary Duncan play the objects of his attention.'] ["Forty-something schoolmistress Kate and her two best friends, police superintendent Janine and doctor Molly, live in rural Britain and share their single lives and dating exploits in weekly chats. Kate has recovered from ovarian cyst disease and fears a relapse; she hasn't been dating much. By chance, she meets Jed, a former student of hers, now a handsome twenty-something church organist. To her surprise, she ends up sleeping with him and the two embark on an unlikely relationship that's looked on with suspicion by Janine and Molly. Janine comes to believe in Kate and Jed's feelings for each other. But Molly is still dubious, showing Jed's criminal record and medical history to Kate, bringing adult dates to their dinner parties and taking her and Janine to Paris so that she will go off Jed. Conversely, this brings Kate and Jed closer together and they plan their wedding. Molly eventually attempts to prove Jed's faithlessness by seducing him, which fails but angers Kate to the extreme. After an argument about how Kate has kept their engagement quiet, Jed is thrown out of Kate's house. He is struck and killed by a passing truck; this unexpected tragedy breaks the three women up, as Kate is inconsolable and Janine blames Molly. Kate reluctantly embarks on a mild romance with a local vicar who's always been in love with her, but when she finally agrees to marry him, she becomes ill at the altar. Molly and Janine take her away, and discover that she is pregnant with Jed's child. She decides to have the baby and raise it on her own, while the vicar meets a woman who's actually excited about him. Also, Janine starts going out with Bill  and Molly falls for a pediatrician named Eleanor. The three friends reconcile and continue to share their lives and experiences."] ["Set four years after the events of the first movie, it is revealed that both Allen Bauer and his wife Madison  have been living on a deserted island hideaway. Allen becomes bored on the island and admits he misses life in New York City and his older brother Freddie, and Madison, aware of Allen's sadness, has the supernatural hydrokinetic ability to view images and communicate by simply running her index finger in a circular motion on the liquid water, shows Allen how things are going on back in New York with Freddie. Realizing that the family business, Bauer Produce, is in trouble since he left Freddie alone, Allen tells Madison that it is time to return to New York and help save the family business.  Upon returning, they move into a new home, meet a new neighbor Mrs. Needler , and Madison meets a new friend, Fern Hooten. Later on in this story, Madison has her own agenda: to save her dolphin friend Salty, who is being held in captivity by Dr. Otto Benus  for research. While trying their best to hide Madison's secret, both Allen and Madison do their very best as a loving and romantic married couple, growing much more emotionally and romantically closer to one another during this surface adventure."] ['The story is set in New York in the 1890s. A bawdy singer, Lady Lou , works in the Bowery barroom saloon of her boss and benefactor, Gus Jordan , who has given her many diamonds. But Lou is a lady with more men friends than anyone might imagine. What she does not know is that Gus trafficks in prostitution and runs a counterfeiting ring to help finance her expensive diamonds. He also sends young women to San Francisco to be pickpockets. Gus works with two other crooked entertainer-assistants, Russian Rita  and Rita\'s lover, the suave Sergei Stanieff . One of Gus\'s rivals and former "friend" of Lou\'s, named Dan Flynn ([[David_Landau_, spends most of the movie dropping hints to Lou that Gus is up to no good, promising to look after her once Gus is in jail. Lou leads him on, hinting at times that she will return to him, but eventually he loses patience and implies he\'ll see her jailed if she doesn\'t submit to him. A city mission  is located next door to the bar. Its young director, Captain Cummings , is in reality an undercover Federal agent working to infiltrate and expose the illegal activities in the bar. Gus suspects nothing; he worries only that Cummings will reform his bar and scare away his customers. Lou\'s former boyfriend, Chick Clark , is a vicious criminal who was convicted of robbery and sent to prison for trying to steal diamonds for her. In his absence, she becomes attracted to the handsome young psalm-singing reformer. Warned that Chick thinks she\'s betrayed him, she goes to the prison to try to reassure him. All the inmates greet her warmly and familiarly as she walks down the cellblock. Chick becomes angry and threatens to kill her if she double-crosses or two-times him before he gets out. She lies and claims she has been true to him. Gus gives counterfeit money to Rita and Sergei to spend. Chick escapes from jail, and police search for him in the bar. He comes into Lou\'s room and starts to strangle her, breaking off only because he still loves her and cannot harm her. Lou calms him down by promising that she will go with him when she finishes her next number. After Sergei gives Lou a diamond pin belonging to Rita, Rita starts a fight with Lou, who accidentally stabs her to death. Lou calmly combs the dead woman\'s long hair to hide the fact Rita is dead while the police search the room for Chick Clark. She has her bodyguard Spider , who "would do anything for you, Lou" dispose of Rita\'s body. She then tells Spider to bring Chick, who\'s hiding in an alley, back to her room upstairs. Then, while she sings "Frankie and Johnny", she silently signals to Dan Flynn that he should go to her room to wait for her, even though she knows Chick is in there with a gun. Chick shoots Dan dead and the gunfire draws a police raid. Cummings shows his badge and reveals himself as "The Hawk," a well-known Federal agent, as he arrests Gus and Sergei. Chick, still lurking in Lou\'s room, is about to kill Lou for double-crossing him, when Cummings also apprehends him. Cummings then takes Lou away in an open horse-drawn carriage instead of the paddywagon into which all the other criminals have been loaded. He tells her she doesn\'t belong in jail and removes all her other rings and slips a diamond engagement ring onto her marriage finger. "Where\'d you get that . . . dark and handsome?" Lou asks. "You bad girl", he scolds. "You\'ll find out", she coos.'] ['{{Expand section}} In a small Minnesota town, seventy-eight bachelor farmers advertise for companionship, leading to a response far outstripping expectations.'] ["On the eve of his bachelor party, Jeremy  learns that his fiancée, Kerri , wants to call off their wedding without providing a reason. He tries to determine what caused this sudden decision. The unmarried couple return to New Jersey to sort out their relationship. When Jeremy gets home, he hangs out with Gil and Biscuit, his old friends, who have made a hobby out of breaking into other people's homes and rearranging the objects to freak out the homeowners. Their activities have begun to unnerve one unfortunate homeowner in particular, Mr. Victim . Jeremy, Gil and Biscuit go to their local bar for a few drinks and talk about women and Jeremy's aborted wedding. Meanwhile, Kerri and her best friend Marty go to a lesbian bar, when Marty tells her she is pregnant. The next morning Jeremy's friend from Vegas, Shane, comes to visit as Biscuit and Gil throw him another bachelor party. The bachelor party goes awry when the stripper Biscuit hired arrives, and is revealed to be a transvestite, who tells Jeremy that she saw Kerri at the lesbian bar the night before, and everyone thinks she is in a lesbian relationship with Marty. Gil and Biscuit take Jeremy and Shane to go mess with the house again, but Mr. Victim has become paranoid and shoots wildly at them, grazing Jeremy's ear. Faced with his own mortality, Jeremy, and the others drive to Kerri's so he can talk to her. She tells him that he took her for granted. Jeremy tells her that he would do anything to have her back, just as Gil walks in, telling them that Marty is beating up Biscuit on the front lawn. Biscuit, thinking Marty and Kerri were gay, asked Marty if he could be their manager. During the fight, the men learn that Marty is pregnant, and that Gil is the father. Kerri and Jeremy give Gil and Marty their plane tickets that were for their honeymoon in Florida so the new couple can have some alone time, while Kerri and Jeremy hold hands, hinting toward a possible reconciliation."] ['During the Great Depression, Longfellow Deeds , the co-owner of a tallow works, part-time greeting card poet, and tuba-playing inhabitant of the hamlet of Mandrake Falls, Vermont, inherits 20 million dollars from his late uncle, Martin Semple. His uncle\'s scheming attorney, John Cedar , locates Deeds and takes him to New York City. Cedar gives his cynical troubleshooter, ex-newspaperman Cornelius Cobb , the task of keeping reporters away from Deeds. Cobb is outfoxed, however, by star reporter Louise "Babe" Bennett , who appeals to Deeds\' romantic fantasy of rescuing a damsel in distress by masquerading as a poor worker named Mary Dawson. She pretends to faint from exhaustion after "walking all day to find a job", and worms her way into his confidence. Bennett proceeds to write a series of enormously popular articles mocking Longfellow\'s hick ways and odd behavior, giving him the moniker "Cinderella Man". Cedar tries to get Deeds\'s power of attorney in order to keep his financial misdeeds secret. Deeds, however, proves to be a shrewd judge of character, easily fending off Cedar and other greedy opportunists. He wins Cobb\'s wholehearted respect and eventually Babe\'s love. However, when Cobb finds out Bennett\'s true identity and tells Deeds, who had been in love with her, he is left heartbroken. Just as Deeds is ready to return to Mandrake Falls in disgust, a dispossessed farmer ([[John Wray  breaks into his mansion and threatens him with a gun. He expresses his scorn for the seemingly heartless, ultra-rich man, who won\'t lift a finger to help the multitudes of desperate poor. After the intruder comes to his senses, Deeds realizes what he can do with his troublesome fortune. He decides to provide fully equipped 10-acre farms free to thousands of homeless families if they will work the land for several years. Alarmed at the prospect of losing control of the fortune, Cedar joins forces with Deeds\' only other relative and his grasping, domineering wife in seeking to have Deeds declared mentally incompetent. Along with Babe\'s betrayal, this finally breaks Deeds\' spirit and he sinks into a deep depression. A sanity hearing is scheduled to determine who should control the Deeds\' fortune. During his sanity hearing, things look bleak for Deeds, especially since he initially refuses to defend himself. Cedar even gets Deeds\'s Mandrake Falls tenants—eccentric elderly sisters Jane and Amy Faulkner —to testify that Deeds is "pixilated", meaning odd like a pixie. That charge falls apart when the two spinsters, when questioned as to who else is pixilated, reply, "Why everyone, but us." After Babe convinces Deeds that she truly loves him, he systematically punches holes in Cedar\'s case—before actually punching Cedar in the face—and the judge declares him to be "the sanest man who ever walked into this courtroom."'] ['Alfred Kralik  is the top salesman at a gift shop in Budapest owned by the high-strung Mr. Hugo Matuschek . Kralik\'s coworkers at Matuschek and Company include his friend, Pirovitch , a kindly family man, Ferencz Vadas , a two-faced womanizer, and Pepi Katona , an ambitious, precocious delivery boy. One morning, Kralik reveals to Pirovitch that he\'s been corresponding anonymously with an intelligent and cultured woman whose ad he came across in the newspaper. Kralik is Mr. Matuschek\'s oldest and most trusted employee—just invited to a dinner party at Matuschek\'s home—but lately there has been tension between the two. They get into an argument over Mr. Matuschek\'s idea to sell a cigarette box that plays "Ochi Chërnye" when opened. Kralik thinks it\'s a bad idea. Although annoyed with Kralik\'s stubbornness, he is reluctant to ignore his judgement. After their exchange, Klara Novak  enters the gift shop looking for a job. Kralik tells her there are no openings, but when she is able to sell one of the cigarette boxes , Mr. Matuschek hires her. Later that year as Christmas approaches, Kralik is preparing to finally meet his mystery correspondent for a dinner date. Planning matrimony if the date works out, Kralik requests a raise from Mr. Matuschek who has not been in a good mood for months. Forced to put up with the pesky Miss Novak—the two simply cannot get along—Kralik is grateful that his anonymous correspondent is nothing like her. He admits to Pirovitch that he is nervous about meeting this "most wonderful girl in the world" for the first time. Kralik\'s planned meeting is interrupted when Mr. Matuschek demands that everyone stay late after work. He and Kralik argue when Kralik mentions his previous engagement. Later Kralik is called into Mr. Matuschek\'s office and fired. No one in the shop understands Mr. Matuschek\'s actions; they do not know that Mr. Matuschek suspects Kralik of having an affair with his wife. Later, he meets with a private investigator who informs him that his suspicions were correct, that his wife is having an affair with one of his employees—Ferencz Vadas. Pepi arrives back at the shop just in time to prevent the distraught Mr. Matuschek from committing suicide.  Meanwhile, Kralik arrives at the Cafe Nizza, where he discovers that his mystery woman, with the red carnation as planned, is in fact Klara Novak. Despite his disappointment, Kralik goes in and talks with her, pretending he is there to meet Pirovitch. In his mind, Kralik tries to reconcile the cultured woman of his letters with his annoying coworker—secretly hoping that things might work out with her. Concerned that Kralik\'s presence will spoil her first meeting with her "far superior" mystery correspondent, she calls Kralik a "little insignificant clerk" and asks him to leave, and he does. Later that night, Kralik goes to the hospital to visit Mr. Matuschek. After apologizing for his behavior, Mr. Matuschek offers him a job as manager of Matuschek and Company, gives him the keys to the shop, and asks him to dismiss Vadas quietly. Grateful to Pepi for saving his life, he promotes the errand boy to clerk. The next day, Miss Novak calls in sick after her mystery man failed to show. That night, Kralik visits her at her apartment, where she reveals her problem to be "psychological". During his visit, she receives a letter from her correspondent and reads it in front of Kralik . The next day, Christmas Eve, Matuschek and Company enjoys records sales; a grateful Mr. Matuschek gives everyone their bonuses and sends them home early. Then, feeling lonely, he tries to get someone to have dinner with him, but all the employees have other plans. Finally, Rudy, the new errand boy who lives alone in the city, agrees. Kralik and Miss Novak, now alone in the shop, talk about their planned dates for the evening and Miss Novak reveals that she had a crush on Kralik when they first met, back when she was foolish and naive. After pretending to have met the overweight, balding, and unemployed mystery man, Kralik puts a red carnation in his lapel and finally reveals to Miss Novak that he is in fact her mystery correspondent—her "dear friend"—and the two kiss and embrace.'] ['In 1945, Roger Halyard is a stiff-upper-lipped British gentleman who lives on a South Pacific island with his three nubile, naive daughters, Violet, Hester and Gloria. Hoping to shelter the girls from the lascivious advances of the opposite sex, Halyard is thwarted when 1,500 Marines arrive to transform the island into an aircraft landing base. Despite the best efforts of Halyard, his housekeeper Thelma, and Marine Colonel Reade, romance blossoms between the three girls and a trio of handsome leathernecks.'] ["Godavari is a film about Ram, Seetha and the river cruise that brings them together. Its a semi-urban love story set against the scenic backdrop of the Godavari river aboard a houseboat also called the “Godavari”. Its a story about Ram and Seetha who decide to take a break from their disappointing lives in the city. They leave behind their personal and professional problems and decide to take a cruise on the river, Godavari, from Rajamundry to Badrachalam. They meet aboard the cruise liner and from there starts a story involving friendship, adventure, and eventually love. The story also reflects the characteristic culture of the Godavari region. There are also several sub stories involving the other characters on the house boat. Ram  is an idealistic man. He wishes to make a career in politics even though he’s actually a software engineer with a degree from the USA. He lives with his grandmother in a middle class colony. He's in love with his cousin, Raji, whom he hopes to marry someday. However Raji declines Ram's proposal as she's insecure about his professional and financial future. A heartbroken but realistic Ram is forced to join her and his family on the river journey to Badrachalam, where Raji is due to get married to another man, Ravi. Ravi unlike Ram is a rich guy and also an IPS recruit. Seetha  runs an unsuccessful clothing boutique. Her parents want her to forget about her business and tell her to get married instead. Seetha is not enthusiastic about the idea, however circumstances force her to reluctantly agree with her parents. Unfortunately, the marriage alliance doesn’t work out for her and she subsequently choses to take a break from everything by going on the same Godavari river journey. How Ram and Sita fall in love forms the rest of the story. The animated dog  and parrot also have their significant roles in the movie. The treasure hunt scenes are fun to watch."] ["Abby  is creative head of a private Ad Agency in Mumbai, which is on the growth curve when the owner of the ad agency decides to sell it to an American multinational with Maxi  as the VP in charge of the merged entity. Abby and George, who is the account executive in the agency, do not want the merger as they feel they don't need another agency for their growth. When Maxi comes on board, she doesn't like Abby's lack of punctuality and now wants him to work with her as per her directives. This sets the ball rolling with multiple tiffs laced with situational comedy, between the new VP and Abby. Maxi decides to shoot campaign for a new and important customer in Pokhara where the tiff between her and Abby continues. As they are directing the shoot standing on a dingy on a fast moving river, the dingy cuts loose and both Abby and Maxi are swept away by the strong currents and somehow manage to swim ashore together and it is here they realize that they do like each other. An event takes place that suddenly morphs the movie from a lighthearted comedy into a thriller. One evening Tanya, an attractive women, and a native of Pokhara, who was a fellow traveler on the flight from Mumbai lands up with Abby that angers Maxi and she refuses to speak normally to Abby the next day. Abby, also a bit hurt and angry, lands up spending the night with Tanya after a drinking bout only to wake up next day that she is lying murdered next to him. He runs away from the scene, quite certain that he will be blamed for killing her. As the local police start to chase the leads, Abby confides in Bunty, the local Guide, and Maxi, and both disbelieve him. He also starts to get calls from a stranger demanding something. With police in hot chase, it is now up to him to find out who really killed Tanya, what was the motive for her death, and who wanted him at the scene of the crime. The surprise pack of the movie is Sonu Nigam who other than playback singing for himself, has displayed very natural acting and good comic timing. Rajpal Yadav as usual is very good and so is the newcomer Sweta Keswani in the role of Sandy. Flora Saini is adequate. Soundtrack of the movie has been composed by Nikhil-Vinay, with few catchy numbers."] ['Spoiled heiress Ellen "Ellie" Andrews  marries fortune-hunter "King" Westley  against the wishes of her extremely wealthy father  who has the marriage annulled. She runs away, boarding a bus to New York City, to reunite with her new spouse, when she meets fellow bus passenger Peter Warne , an out-of-work newspaper reporter. Warne recognizes her and gives her a choice: if she will give him an exclusive on her story, he will help her reunite with Westley. If not, he will tell her father where she is and collect the reward offered for her return. Ellie agrees to the first choice. Soon penniless, Ellie has to rely completely on Peter. As they go through several adventures together, Ellie loses her initial disdain for him and begins to fall in love. When they have to hitchhike, Peter claims to be an expert on the subject. As car after car passes them by, he eventually ends up thumbing his nose at them. The sheltered Ellie then shows him how it\'s done. She stops the next car, driven by Danker , dead in its tracks by lifting up her skirt and showing off a shapely leg.  When they stop for a break, Danker tries to drive off with their luggage. Peter chases him down and takes his car. One night, nearing the end of their journey together, Ellie confesses her love to Peter. Peter mulls over what she has said, decides he loves her too, and leaves to make arrangements after she has fallen asleep. When the owners of the motel in which they are staying notice that Peter\'s car is gone, they roust Ellie out of bed and kick her out. Believing Peter has deserted her, Ellie calls her father, who is so relieved to get her back that he agrees to let her marry Westley. Although Ellie has no desire to be with Westley, she believes Peter has betrayed her for the reward money, so she agrees to have a second, formal wedding. Meanwhile, Peter has obtained money from his editor to marry Ellie, but as he drives back to tell her, they pass each other on the road. Ellie tries to pretend that nothing has happened, but she is unable to fool her father. She finally reveals the whole story . When Peter comes to Ellie\'s home, Mr. Andrews offers him the reward money, but Peter insists on being paid only his expenses: a paltry $39.60. When Ellie\'s father presses him for an explanation of his odd behavior, Peter admits he loves Ellie , then storms out. At the wedding ceremony, as Mr. Andrews walks his daughter down the aisle, he reveals to Ellie Peter\'s refusal of the reward money and quietly encourages her to run off again, telling her that her car is out back for a quick get-away. At the point where she is to say "I do", she makes up her mind. She runs off to find Peter. Her pleased father pays Westley off, enabling Ellie to marry Peter.'] ['Clifford Godfrey is a doll house designer who is dumped by his fiance a few hours before they are to depart for a vacation in Mexico. Clare Enfield, a travel agent, informs Godfrey that his tickets are non-refundable. Upset, Godfrey goes to a bar where he meets Amanda Hughes, a drunk party girl, who agrees to travel along with Godfrey. When Hughes sobers, she continually flirts with and then rejects Godfrey. During a stay in a hotel, Godfrey meets up with Enfield again who is photographing a travel brochure. They begin a romance, only to have it disturbed by Hughes.'] ["  Mike Flux  works at his parents' motel as the night manager. One day he sees Sue , who is staying at the motel for the weekend. He develops a crush on her and surprises her at her door with a bottle of wine. She doesn't quite know what to make of his approach, shares some wine to be polite, then asks him to leave. He returns the next day, trying the same trick with champagne, and this time she allows him to touch her butt momentarily. As she heads back home the next day she decides to go back and have sex with Mike in the laundry room.  Mike realizes his feelings for Sue and flies to her home in Baltimore. She's shocked to see him there, but out of courtesy allows him to stay with her until morning when he can go back home. After spending some time together they get to know each other better as friends, and soon after Mike returns home, Sue stays at the motel again. They decide to go out and have fun. Mike's mother  is very sick, and the two stop by her home to see her. She approves of Sue, and tells Mike that he needs to find happiness in his life. Soon after Sue leaves, Mike's mother passes away. Mike decides to make a change in his life and go after Sue once again. Mike learns that Sue has gotten back together with her old boyfriend, Jango , a former punk rocker turned successful businessman in Aberdeen, WA. Mike settles into the new town by taking a job at a Chinese restaurant. The son of the owners, Al , befriends him and allows Mike to stay in the restaurant's basement. Mike skydives into Sue and Jango's pool to surprise her, but Jango responds by attacking him with an airsoft gun. Feeling bad about what he did, Jango invites Mike and Al over for dinner. Jango knows Mike has feelings towards Sue and threatens him. Regardless of the threat, Mike, with help from Al, sings a song for Sue outside her window later that night. Sue meets up with Mike the next day, informing him, that she and Jango are getting married. Sue is pregnant, and she wants to be with someone that's in control of his life. In anger, Mike tells Sue to leave.  After spending four months in a Buddhist monastery, Mike returns to the motel, now being run solely by his father . After talking about moving on with their lives, Mike's father hands him the deed to the motel. Mike decides to turn the motel into a homeless shelter, something Sue had mentioned always wanting to do. Mike calls her at home to tell her, but Jango answers the phone. He reveals that Sue has left him and is living with her mother. Mike makes his way to Sue's home to ask her for help with the shelter. She's happy to see him and tells him that she had messed up their relationship. Mike tells her he loves her and only wants to take care of her and her baby. The story ends as they embrace."] ['{{prose}} The film intertwines the story of four different couples and one threesome over the course of one sexual encounter, with specific chapters for each one: prelude, foreplay, sex, interlude, orgasm and afterglow. Each couple represents a specific archetype: * The Best Friends - Matt and Kristen decide to become friends with benefits, but discover romantic feelings for each other exist. * The Couple - Long-time couple Andrew and Abby are having trouble trying to put spice back into their lovelife and try something..."new". * The Exes - Mia and Eric meet up for a one-off after having broken up some time back. * The First Date - Jamie brings her womanizing date Ken back to her apartment. * The Roommates - The two friends are roommates and one friend tells the other to have sex with his girlfriend.'] ["Daphne Reynolds has what every girl wants. This young American girl has a unique style all her own, an unconventional but loving relationship with her bohemian mother Libby and a future full of possibilities. But despite her remarkable promise, Daphne feels incomplete and alone.At the start of the film Libby and Henry are married in Morocco by a Bedouin chief; they are to have a second ceremony in England, but they separate. In the meantime Libby is pregnant with Daphne. She dreams of one day meeting the father she’s never known, the man Libby loved deeply seventeen years ago, but ultimately left behind because his aristocratic family supposedly found her unsuitable. Determined to live out her fantasy of forging a storybook relationship with her long-absent dad, Daphne, on an impulse, gets on a flight to London, where she quickly discovers that her father is the high-profile politician, Lord Henry Dashwood, who has controversially renounced his hereditary seat in the House of Lords to run for the House of Commons. Henry opens his life and his social calendar to the daughter he never knew existed, but Daphne’s appearance in his high society creates an uproar that threatens to undermine his political career. Not wanting to jeopardize his campaign for an upcoming election, Daphne stifles her naturally vibrant personality, refashions herself as a proper debutante and plunges into a whirlwind of British social events. But even with Henry’s support, she’s not getting any help from his conniving fiancée or her jealous daughter, who are bent on ruining Daphne at every turn. With the aid of Ian, a charming and society-savvy local musician, Daphne attempts to prove that love, along with proper etiquette, can conquer all. But Daphne soon realizes she doesn’t like the person she’s becoming in the process. As much as she wants to be her father’s daughter, she realizes it's not worth it if she can’t be herself. Though mostly this is influenced by Henry's fiancée's interference during her debutante ball, when she coldly and cruelly locks Daphne in a closet to prevent Henry from bonding with her. She goes back home but Henry, not before finding out that Libby's banishment was a plot engineered by his fiancee's politically ambitious father, realizes how much he loves Daphne and goes to find her. He brings Ian with him. The film ends with Daphne's mother officially getting married to Daphne's father. Daphne also becomes Ian's girlfriend and she goes to Oxford University so she can be near him."] ['After a weekend of emotional honesty at an Esalen-style retreat, Los Angeles sophisticates Bob and Carol Sanders  return to their life determined to embrace free love and complete openness. Bob and Carol happily reveal their ensuing love affairs to everyone, sparking both the curiosity and repulsion of their more conservative close friends Ted and Alice Henderson . When the two couples travel together to Las Vegas, Ted admits to an affair of his own. An outraged Alice demands that this new ethos be taken to its obvious conclusion: a mate-sharing foursome. But when they are actually ready to begin the deed, something within all four of them prevents it; the film never explains what that something is or may be. In the last scene of the movie, they are in the elevator coming down from their “trip”. They are shell shocked. All of them have woken up  to their collective morning after. The music swells “...what the world needs now is love sweet love..."'] ['Paul Chadwick  is a wealthy American oilman who is in a Parisian court, where he is up against the opposing lawyer Michel Boullard . Paul wins the case, but only by seducing the judge, who happens to be a woman. Shortly after, Boullard sets out to New York, where he plans on reuniting with his daughter Lauren , whom he has not seen for over 25 years, since his American wife divorced him for flirting with another woman. On the plane, he meets Paul, to whom he complains about having lost because of his charm, a French quality. Paul apologizes for having hurt his French pride and offers a favor in return. In New York, Boullard is shocked to find out that Lauren has become an intimidating career woman, working as a psychologist. Despite her engagement to Arnold Plum, a pushover who lives to serve his fiancée, Boullard is convinced that she an old spinster at just 30 years old. Instead of revealing his identity, he decides to help her from a distance. He contacts Paul to have an affair with her, to open up her mind to passion, rather than her career. Paul would be the perfect man for the deed: he is the ultimate womanizer. One woman comes in each day to cook for him, the other is happy to wash his clothes. Initially, Paul is reluctant to help out Boullard, suspecting that Lauren is less than attractive, but because he notices that Boullard is suspicious of why he really won the case, he decides to help him out. To grow closer to her, he poses as her patient, telling her that he is irresistible to women and that he is too afraid to turn down a woman, because it led to suicide in the past. The relationship between the two is at first strictly professional, until one night they go out to a restaurant, an event with which Lauren tries to prove that he can enjoy a night out without worrying about women flirting with him. Before the night is over, Lauren passes out from drinking too much champagne, and Paul brings her brack to her hotel and creates a scene, which makes it looks as if they have slept each other. The next morning, Lauren is freaked out, but she later finds out that the setting was staged. At that moment, Boullard reveals his identity to her, and together they come up with a plan to get back at Paul. She comes up with a Spanish lover and tells all about him to Paul, which shatters his ego. He goes out on a drinking spree and uses the help of a switchboard operator  - who falls in love with a chauffeur  in the process - to make Lauren jealous. They succeed, and Paul and Lauren are finally brought together. In the end, they are married, and the parents of several children.'] ['Union Newsreel reporter Chris Hunter  is sneakier and has fewer scruples than his rivals in war-torn China. When the Japanese do not oblige with a convenient aerial attack to film, Chris fakes one with a model airplane with his cameraman José Estanza . Outraged when he finds out, Chris\'s main competitor, Atlas Newsreel\'s Bill Dennis  decides to do the same, having his aviatrix friend Alma Harding  fly in "serum" for an imaginary cholera outbreak. Chris finds out and swoops in to film her landing. José, however, drives too close to the plane, causing it to crash and burst into flame. Chris rescues Alma, but when he starts to go back for the serum, she has to admit the truth. Chris piles on lie after lie to romance Alma, even pretending to get fired by his boss, "Gabby" MacArthur , for burning the footage. Chris convinces her to work for Union. She reveals that she needs the money to mount a search for her brother Harry, lost in the Amazon jungle and given up for dead by everyone else. They travel to New York . Bill follows to protect the woman he has loved for years from his unscrupulous competitor. However, the whole charade is eventually revealed, discrediting Chris, Bill and Alma. Both reporters are fired, and people begin to question whether Alma\'s brother is really missing. Chris\'s budding romance with Alma is quashed when she learns of his numerous lies. Ashamed, Chris and Bill hock their equipment and have José pretend to be a generous, kind-hearted South American plantation owner. He presents Alma with nearly $8000 and a compass supposedly from Harry\'s airplane. He tells her one of his workers brought it to him. In reality, Chris etched a fake serial number on it. Alma buys a floatplane and supplies, and sets out for South America. Both Chris and Bill follow. They eventually find a native who claims to know where Harry is. Despite José\'s warning that the man is a follower of voodoo and means them no good, Alma is convinced when the native produces Harry\'s watch. To protect Alma, Chris and José set out on their own with their guide in a canoe. As they near the village, the native escapes, though José shoots and wounds him. Chris spots an ill white man through his binoculars. José suspects the natives intend to sacrifice him that night, so, using their camera equipment, Chris makes the frightened natives believe he is a powerful magician or god. He and José tend to the unconscious man. Despite a tense moment when their former guide shows up and denounces them, Chris maintains a tenuous control of the situation. When he hears Alma flying by, he has the natives show the wreckage of Harry\'s plane. She and Bill land nearby. Chris disguises himself and his cameraman as witch doctors, and film Alma and Bill without their knowledge. The natives finally turn hostile. Alma and Bill get Harry into their airplane, but when Chris and José try to board it , Bill hits Chris. The plane takes off, leaving Chris and José to paddle for their lives. When Alma, Bill and Harry return to New York, they are welcomed by reporters. However, "Pearly" Todd , Bill\'s annoyed boss, wants to know how Chris got footage of Harry\'s dramatic rescue and he did not. Realizing that Chris must have been the helpful witch doctor, Alma reconciles with Chris .'] ['Rand is a computer animator, who has created an artificial intelligence creature designed to interact with children and teach them responsibility. When his prototype is forced into practice at a school, Rand encounters Sarah, a teacher he was inexplicably drawn to, at his favorite bar one fateful evening. Sparks fly between them, but fundamental differences in their approaches to love and relationships slow them down to a halt.'] ['Tomás  returns to Mexico after a seven-year trip around the world to visit his friends Carlos  and Ana , a couple going through relationship problems. Ana is seduced by Tomás, who is also her ex-boyfriend, which causes Carlos to kick Tomás out of their home. Although instead of Tomás leaving, Ana leaves and moves across the street to the apartment of their friends Miguel  and Andrea , another couple going through problems. The situation becomes a battle of the sexes when Miguel is kicked-out for cheating on Andrea and sent to live with the "guys" across the street and María , their friend, joins the "girls" in a boycott against all men. Tomas then has a fling with Andrea and gets caught in the act. After seeing the emptiness of his life, punctuated with him making a scene at a local nightclub, Tomas declares his love for Ana before apparently committing suicide by walking into an elevator shaft. In the Region 4 DVD version, several alternate final scenes are explored, including Tomas surviving the fall and emerging in a full body cast.'] ["Nursing student Henry O'Shea ([[Joseph Cross , who suddenly finds himself the 'head' of his family, after the death of his father, takes a leave from school to support his mother, getting a job as a New York doorman. Soon one of the buildings residents, Scarlett Dowling , takes notice of him and soon they become romantically attracted to each other, much to the annoyance of her mother ."] ['The story begins with attorney Walter Fielding and his girlfriend Anna Crowley learning of his father Walter Sr.\'s wedding in Rio de Janeiro, after escaping the country after having embezzled millions of dollars from their musician clients. The next morning, the couple hears noises and are surprised to find workmen putting furnishings around their apartment and a man asking them, "you’re still here?!" It becomes clear that Walter and Anna do not own the apartment; it belongs to Anna\'s ex-husband Max Beissart , a self-loving conductor who has returned unexpectedly early from a tour in Europe and intends to take up residence again. Walter and Anna now need a place of their own. Through an unscrupulous real estate agent friend, Walter learns about a million dollar distress sale mansion. He and Anna meet the owner, Estelle , who claims she must sell the house quickly because her husband Carlos  has been arrested by the Israelis, having been accused of being Adolf Hitler\'s pool boy. Her sob story and insistence of keeping the place in candlelight in order to save money "for the goddamn, bloodsucking lawyers" distracts Walter and enchants Anna, who finds it romantic. Walter and Anna decide to buy the house, but Anna insists on putting up half of the money needed for the repairs. She turns to Max for her half of the money by selling him back what she got in their divorce. Walter gets his half from his wealthiest client, a rock star named Benny, who happens to be a kid. From the moment Walter and Anna take possession of the house, it quickly begins to fall apart. The entire front door frame rips out of the wall, the main staircase collapses, the plumbing is found to be full of gunk, the electrical system catches fire, the bathtub crashes through the floor , the chimney collapses and a raccoon has invaded the dumbwaiter. Contractors Art  and Brad Shirk  are called in, work permits are issued and the job is originally estimated to take two weeks. This is because the original intent was to demolish the house. Still, the estimate of two weeks is a running gag throughout the movie. When asked how long a process will take, the answer is always "two weeks". Walter is increasingly frustrated by the delays and increasing cost and dubs the house "the Money Pit". The repair work ends up taking four months. Anna attempts to secure more funds from Max by selling him some artwork she received in their divorce. Max does not care about the artwork, but gives her the money anyway. He wines and dines her and she ends up in a compromising situation. The morning after he agrees to buy the paintings from Anna, Max allows her to believe her assumption — having woken up in Max\'s bed — that she has cheated on Walter, but in reality Max slept on the couch. Walter later asks Anna point-blank if she slept with Max, but Anna hastily denies it. Walter\'s suspicions push Anna to admit that she slept with Max, but the damage is done. Anna later confides in Max that, "He  can\'t forgive me and I can\'t forgive him for that." Due to Walter and Anna\'s stubbornness, their relationship becomes more and more hostile and in a rare moment of agreement, vow to sell the house once it is restored and split the proceeds. This nearly happens, but Walter misses Anna and says he loves her even if she did sleep with Max. Anna happily states that she did not sleep with Max and the two reconcile. In the end, they are married in front of their new house. The movie ends with a cutaway back to Rio de Janeiro, where Estelle and Carlos — now revealed to be con artists — are taking a cash-filled briefcase from Walter Sr. and his new bride, who is thrilled to be getting such a great deal for a house.'] ['The movie opens with Nick Gardenia , an out-of-luck writer, who has the use of a friend\'s cabin to write in the peace and quiet of the California mountains. He is interrupted by a pair of bank robbers  who use Nick to rob a bank in Carmel. Their modus operandi is to take an innocent person and force them at gunpoint to rob banks for them, take the money and toss them out of their moving car. Unfortunately, in the process of robbing the bank, Nick  trips over the line ropes in the bank, is helped up and looks right up into the security camera. Not long after the robbery, the picture of Nick comes through to Los Angeles district attorney Ira Parks  and his assistant, Fred  brings it to Ira\'s attention that it just so happens to be Parks\' wife\'s ex-husband. Because of his recent desire to become Attorney General of California, Ira is frustrated and upset, thinking his wife\'s ex-husband being a bank robber will haunt him through his campaign. Meanwhile, Ira\'s wife, Glenda,  a lawyer herself, often tries to rehabilitate her clients by giving them odd jobs around their house, including her chauffeur/butler Chester . After a long day in court, Glenda comes home to the mixed news of joy for Ira becoming Attorney General and surprise when Ira gives her the news about Nick. Glenda becomes convinced she must defend Nick when he is caught because of her disbelief that he would ever do such a thing. Meanwhile, the robbers ditch Nick and he desperately makes his way to Glenda and Ira\'s house. During a big party, Glenda, while searching for one of her dogs, runs into Nick in her garage. He begs her for help and she tries to get him some food, despite most of the leaders of law enforcement being in her house at the party. Nick tries sneaking into the house to get food and runs into Glenda again. He explains what happened and she refuses to help anymore unless he turns himself in. Nick goes on to say that he wants to go after the guys who did this to him and Glenda lets him sleep in the guest room over the garage. After some comically close run-ins with the police, Ira, and Glenda\'s feisty maid, Aurora , Glenda manages to keep anyone from knowing Nick is hiding in the guest room or stealing Ira\'s and Glenda\'s cars. Ira soon discovers Nick was telling the truth about the two men who forced him to rob the bank just in time for a party with the Governor of California coming to the house. However, Glenda has to deal with the "criminals" getting actual jobs, the maid having foot surgery , and Chester getting drunk in the kitchen. So, the party takes a hilarious turn when Nick, coming back to turn himself in, ends up serving dinner to the governor, Ira, Glenda, and Fred. The dinner ultimately ends in a fistfight between a jealous Ira and Nick, while Fred is knocked out in the process. Ultimately, Nick, Glenda, Ira, Aurora, the dogs and the robbers end up in Glenda\'s favorite judge\'s  court. While the judge is overwhelmed by the happenings in the Parks household, the police bring in Aurora, Glenda\'s dogs, and the bank robbers that kidnapped Nick. The robbers admit Nick\'s innocence in exchange for a reduced sentence after getting caught by Aurora and the dogs when they attempted to force her to rob a bank, just like Nick. After all is said and done, Nick is free, but he and Glenda still apparently have unresolved feelings. She decides to stay with Ira, and kisses Nick good-bye. Some time later, Ira and Glenda decide to take a car trip to forget the past events and end up in an accident trying to avoid a cow on the road. Ira is hurt, so Glenda has to go for help. She ends up at the only place around: a cabin with all the lights on. Glenda pounds on the door begging for help. The door opens and she discovers it is Nick\'s cabin.'] ["Theresa Jones  takes her boyfriend, Simon Green  home to meet her parents on the occasion of her parents' 25th wedding anniversary. Her father, Percy , dislikes Green almost immediately because of his race . With the help of his personal assistant Reggie , Percy tries to dig up as much dirt on Simon as he can. This temporarily strains his relationship with his wife, Marilyn ([[Judith Scott . Little does Theresa know that Simon has just quit his job. In order to impress Percy, Simon embarks upon a series of lies, which are discovered. Both couples quarrel but reconcile, and everyone learns a valuable lesson in race relations."] ["Brought up in poverty, hotel manicurist Regi Allen  wants to marry a rich husband. Her new client, wheelchair-using hotel guest Allen Macklyn  is immediately attracted to her and becomes her confidant. Despite his obvious wealth, Regi does not view him as a potential husband, and has no qualms about telling him about her goal in life. Exiting his penthouse suite, she encounters a man playing hop-scotch in the hallway, and declines his invitation to join him. He makes an appointment for a manicure as Theodore Drew III , scion of a socially prominent family. Unaware that the Drews were bankrupted by the Great Depression, she accepts his invitation to dinner. They have a good time, but Ted drinks too much and tells Regi that he is engaged to Vivian Snowden , heiress to a pineapple fortune. When Regi is unable to wake him from his drunken slumber, she lets him sleep on her sofa. He explains to her that he was supposed to sail to Bermuda last night  and that he has nowhere to stay and no money. Regi reluctantly lets him live in her apartment until his boat returns from Bermuda, at which time he can return to sponging off of Vivian. Ted and Regi confess to each other that they intend to marry for money. Ted and Regi play fun pranks on each other. In the first one, Ted frightens away Regi's date  by pretending to be her abusive husband. Later, in order to convince Vivian that he is in Bermuda, Ted persuades Regi to telephone Vivian while posing as a Bermuda telephone operator. When Regi repeatedly interrupts in a nasally voice, Ted hangs up to avoid laughing in his fiancee's hearing. However, this backfires, as Vivian discovers that the call came from New York when she tries to reconnect. She hires private investigators to find out what is going on. In the course of their stay together, Ted and Regi fall in love. On their last night before the boat returns, they admit their mutual love, but Regi ends the relationship, insisting that Ted would resent having given up his chance to be wealthy if he were to marry her. Early the next morning, Ted leaves without saying goodbye. Vivian has a nasty confrontation with Regi at the hotel. After Regi leaves and Ted shows up, Vivian makes it clear that she knows what happened, but is still willing to go through with the marriage. Ted, however, asks to be released from their engagement. Meanwhile, Regi goes to her regular appointment in Allen's suite, but breaks down in tears. Allen had intended to propose to her, but he secretly puts away his engagement ring after she confesses she has fallen in love despite herself. When Ted finds her there, she agrees to marry him. On a bus, Regi and Ted discuss what they should do first: eat lunch, get married, or find a job for Ted. They toss a coin to decide; Ted jokingly says he will get a job if it lands on its side. Sure enough, it does when it gets wedged in a manhole cover."] ["Paris. King Juan Carlos I offers a diner at Hôtel Crillon. Diana  meets Santi , an old lover, who now is the King's bodyguard. They remember how they met each other, 30 years ago, in another hotel, in Madrid. Diana  and Santi  met when The Beatles were going to play. He works in the hotel. She hides under John Lennon's bed because she's in love with the singer. But, what starts is an attraction between them. It is an impossible love because she wants to be rich and famous, and he is poor and has to join the Army. When they meet again as grown-ups, Diana has become a socialite, and Santi is a pilot. Both are married, but the love goes on..."] ['Two cousins related by marriage, Marthe  and Ludovic , meet at a family wedding for the first time. Marthe is the bride\'s daughter and Ludovic is the groom\'s nephew. After a raucous wedding reception with plenty of dancing and drinking, Marthe and Ludovic are left waiting for their respective spouses, Pascal  and Karine , who are off having sex. While they wait, they get to know each other: Marthe is a secretary and Ludovic is a dance instructor who changes his occupation every three years. Later they dance together, even after the lights are turned off. Eventually Pascal and Karine show up, slightly disheveled, and the couples part. Ludovic meets Marthe for lunch and tells her that her husband is having an affair with his wife. Later Pascal shamelessly informs her that he\'s broken off all of his affairs and that from now on she will be the only one. When Marthe tells him she knows about Karine, he says he only had her "three times in the bushes." Sometime later at a family gathering at Marthe\'s mother\'s house, Ludovic\'s daughter, Nelsa , shows slides she took at the wedding—including compromising photos of Pascal and Karine. During the slide show, Martha\'s mother\'s new husband dies. At the funeral, Ludovic\'s father arrives and extends his condolences; he too lost his spouse recently. On the way back from the cemetery, Marthe and Ludovic get better acquainted, with Marthe revealing that she enjoys swimming and singing. Later that week, Marthe and Ludovic meet for lunch, buy bathing suits, and going swimming in a public pool. They enjoy each other\'s company so much that they decide to take the rest of the day off together to go shopping and see a movie. Although their relationship is platonic, Pascal and Karine begin to grow jealous. Marthe and Ludovic playfully arrange to meet by chance at a restaurant with their respective families, to see how Pascal and Karine react. Later that week Marthe and Ludovic meet again at the swimming pool and acknowledge that their relationship is special and must remain that way, even if platonic. At another family wedding, with Pascal and the groom\'s father fighting over a business deal gone wrong, Marthe and Ludovic decide to leave and spend the day together. They return to find a drunken Pascal harassing the guests, and soon they all leave the disastrous wedding and bring Pascal home. Marthe\'s mother and Ludovic\'s father develop a close friendship and plan to spend time at his vineyard. Marthe and Ludovic discuss their own relationship and decide that it is absurd to keep it platonic. For once they will do something for themselves, and not for their spouses and families. That Saturday, Marthe and Ludovic meet and spend the day together in a hotel making love. They decide to keep the room for the night and order food in. The following morning they extend their stay another day, making love, exchanging recipes, bathing together, and simply enjoying each other\'s company. In the coming days, Pascal reverts back to his philandering ways, Karine leaves Ludovic and then returns, and Marthe\'s mother and Ludovic\'s father discover they\'re not as compatible as they thought. Marthe and Ludovic\'s relationship, however, continues to grow in love. At a Christmas family gathering at Marthe\'s mother\'s house, Marthe and Ludovic lock themselves in a bedroom and make love throughout the evening while their families eat, drink, watch Midnight Mass, and exchange gifts. The couple finally emerge from the bedroom, say goodbye to their crazy families, and ride off into the night together.'] ["Cheeni Kum focuses on Buddhadev Gupta . Buddhadev is the 64-year old chef and owner of London's top Indian restaurant, Spice 6. He lives with his 85-year old mother, and his only friend and confidante is his 9-year old neighbour, Sexy . Buddhadev Gupta is an arrogant, ego-centric, pompous man with a singular passion in life—cooking. He is a confirmed bachelor who has never been in love until 34-year old Nina Verma ([[Tabu  walks into his restaurant and life. Nina is a beautiful and charming Indian woman. Cool, calm, quiet, always smiling, but independent and strong willed. The two extreme in age, character, and attitude meet and against all odds fall in love. They decide to get married, and, like any Indian man, Buddhadev respectfully comes to ask Nina's father, Omprakash Verma , who is a true Gandhian, living in Delhi, for her hand. The main problem here is the fact that Omprakash is 6 years younger than Buddhadev."] ['Phil and Claire Foster  are a married couple from New Jersey with two children and whose domestic life has become boring and routine. Phil is a tax lawyer while Claire is a realtor. They are motivated to reignite their romance after learning that their best friends, Brad and Haley , are planning to divorce to escape the married-life routine and to have more excitement in their lives. To avoid the routine that had become their weekly "date night", Phil decides that he will take Claire to a trendy Manhattan restaurant called "Claw", but they cannot get a table. Phil steals a reservation from a no-show couple, the Tripplehorns, despite Claire\'s misgivings. While eating they are approached by two men, Collins ([[Common  and Armstrong , who question them about a flash drive they believe Phil and Claire stole from mobster Joe Miletto . Phil and Claire try to explain that they are not the Tripplehorns, but the men threaten them at gunpoint. Not seeing any other way out, Phil tells them the flash drive is in a boathouse in Central Park. At the boathouse, Claire pretends to search; while Collins and Armstrong\'s backs are turned, Phil hits them with an oar and escapes with Claire on a boat, Collins and Armstrong shooting at them. At a police station, Phil and Claire talk with Detective Arroyo , but discover Collins and Armstrong are also detectives, presumably on Miletto\'s payroll. Realizing they cannot trust the police, they decide to find the real Tripplehorns. They return to the restaurant and find the Tripplehorns\' phone number. Claire remembers a former client, Holbrooke Grant , is a security expert and James Bond-like action hero. He seems to never wear shirts and is sleeping with a gorgeous Israeli woman . At his apartment, Grant traces the Tripplehorns\' cell phone signal to an apartment owned by a Tom Felton. Collins and Armstrong arrive, but Phil and Claire escape in Grant\'s Audi R8. They arrive at Felton\'s apartment and break in. They question Felton, nicknamed "Taste" , and his wife "Whippit"  about the flash drive and Joe Miletto. It turns out that Taste and Whippit did go to the restaurant but left as soon as they spotted Collins and Armstrong outside. Realizing they are still in danger, Taste gives the flash drive to Phil and flees with Whippit. When Phil and Claire get back in the Audi, Armstrong and Collins chase and shoot at them. Phil and Claire crash the Audi head-on into a Ford Crown Victoria taxicab, resulting in their Audi and the cab being attached at the bumpers. Both windshields are shot out, so Phil and the cab driver  agree to drive off under the Audi\'s power to get away. Phil climbs into the cab to help control it  while Claire drives the Audi, Collins and Armstrong still pursuing along with other NYPD vehicles. Phil checks the flash drive on the cab driver\'s Amazon Kindle and finds pictures of district attorney Frank Crenshaw  with prostitutes . After evading Collins and Armstrong, they are eventually hit, and are separated by, an SUV. Phil realizes that the cab\'s brakes have failed so the cab driver  jumps free and Phil rides the car into the river; Phil swims away and later says the flash drive stayed in the river. On a subway train, Phil learns that Felton had obtained the flash drive to blackmail Crenshaw on behalf of Miletto. They return to Grant\'s apartment, and Grant reluctantly agrees to help them again. Phil and Claire go to an illegal strip club that Crenshaw frequents, with Claire under the guise of a new prostitute and Phil as her pimp. After doing a pole dance for Crenshaw, they confront him and tell him they are the Tripplehorns. Collins and Armstrong come in and hold them at gunpoint, taking them up to the roof with Crenshaw. Miletto arrives with henchmen and it is revealed that Crenshaw has been paid by Miletto to keep him out of jail. When Phil mentions the photos, a fight escalates between the mobsters and Crenshaw, Collins and Armstrong. Phil asks Claire to count to three, her typical method of calming their children. When she does, a helicopter appears and Arroyo and the SWAT team come onto the roof to arrest Miletto, Crenshaw, and everyone else. It is revealed that Phil was wearing a wire courtesy of Grant, who had informed Arroyo of the situation. Afterwards, Phil and Claire have breakfast at a diner, where Phil says he would marry Claire and have their kids all over again. When they return home, they make love on the front lawn.'] ["Jack Wyatt  is a narcissistic actor who is approached to play the role of Darrin in a remake of the classic sitcom Bewitched but insists that an unknown play Samantha. Isabel Bigelow  is an actual witch who decides she wants to be normal and moves to Los Angeles to start a new life and becomes friends with her neighbor Maria . She goes to a bookstore to learn how to get a job after seeing an advertisement of Ed McMahon on TV. Jack happens to be at the same bookstore after attending some failed Samantha auditions. Jack spots Isabel and persuades her to audition. At the same time, while trying to settle into her new life, Isabel's intrusive father Nigel  keeps appearing to convince her to return home, despite several rejections from Isabel. After Isabel impresses the show's producers and writers (played by Stephen Colbert, David Alan Grier and [[Jim Turner , Jack finally convinces Isabel to join the show. Also joining the show is legendary actress Iris Smythson  as Endora. After a successful taping of the first episode, Isabel happens to overhear a conversation Jack is having with his agent Ritchie , who are talking about how they tricked Isabel to appear without having any lines. Furious, Isabel storms off with Maria and new friend Nina close behind. She decides she only has three choices: Quit, get mad or live with it. Instead, Isabel's Aunt Clara visits and aids Isabel in casting a spell on Jack in order to make him fall in love with her. At the same time, Nigel is introduced to Iris and becomes infatuated with her. The hex works and Jack becomes love struck by Isabel, insisting on several script changes to give her some dialogue and jokes, ignoring statements from test groups preferring Isabel over him. Jack's affection for Isabel grows and he asks her out on a date, making Isabel forget about the hex. But when he brings her home, she remembers and reverses it back to when she and Aunt Clara cast it. The next day, rather than the events the hex presented, Jack is outraged by the scores he received and takes his anger out on Isabel, who lashes back at him. Ritchie fires her, and she storms off. Rather than be angry at Isabel, Jack is fascinated with Isabel and chases after her, taking all her comments into thought. So, after another great taping , a love blossoms between the two. But the next day, Jack's ex-wife Sheila arrives, determined to woo Jack back. Isabel sees this and casts a spell on a fan to blow her hair off, sign the divorce papers and have her decide to move to Iceland. Jack, thrilled, announces he will be throwing a party at his house celebrating the divorce. Nigel attends the party with Iris and when Nigel begins flirting with much younger guests, Iris reveals she is also a witch and casts a spell on each girl. When Jack makes a toast stating truth will be revealed with everyone, Isabel decides to tell Jack she's a witch. At first thinking she's an amateur magician, Jack officially believes her when she levitates him with her broom. Jack becomes frightened and shoos her away with a stick. Offended, Isabel flies off. Jack takes this hard, being brought to the studios by the police and becoming disenchanted with the project. Isabel decides to return home as she no longer wishes to stay. Jack, imagining himself on the Conan O'Brien Show, is visited by Uncle Arthur . Arthur convinces Jack not to let Isabel leave, because Jack still loves her and wouldn't be able to return for 100 years . Arthur drives him to the studio where he finds Isabel at the set. Jack apologizes to her and tells her he wants to marry her. They do and move into their new neighbourhood ."] ["Arun Prajapati  has been trying to be a successful TV anchor, but success has always eluded him. He blames God  for this lack of success. Arun is head over heels in love with Aaliya Khanna, who is a TV anchor and a well-known star working in the same channel, but he has never been able to express his love for her. When Rocky  is appointed as an anchor for the channel, Arun starts believing that Rocky will win Aaliya. Later, Arun is sacked from the channel. He has nobody to blame but God Himself, whom he later meets in person. An argument ensues between the two, at the end of which God then decides to give Arun the power over all things for ten days, wherein Arun may prove that he is a better operator of the universe. Arun then uses this power to put Rocky into an uneasy spot and win Aaliya's heart. After God scolds him for only making things better for himself, Arun starts listening to people's prayers. He later realizes that considering each person's wishes individually would be too time-consuming, so to save time and effort he grants everybody's wishes, including the wish of criminals to be free, and the Rocky's wish that Aaliya marries him. He later asks God why is everything happening towards him. God explains it is his own fault and that everyone cannot blame Him for this. Arun feels bad, but God forgives him and starts his life over again. During the game show, he tricks Rocky into lying about loving Aaliya Khanna, and Aaliya turns on him. Arun wins the heart of Aaliya."] ["Hugh  and Miriam Halsworth  are in the final stages of their divorce procedure. Miriam wants to separate because he's addicted to gambling - although he often wins. She's living with her daughter Barbara , her son-in-law Jerry Denham  and her little grandchild. Hugh, who's living next door to them, makes fuzz to the gardener about his rosebushes. Hugh is also Jerry's boss. They are society reporters, and have to follow Victor Macfarland , a self-made multimillionaire who's after a seat in the Senate. Twenty years ago Hugh and Victor were rivals for Miriam's hand. A blonde fortune hunter, Joyce Mannering , is trying to attract Victor, but he's only interested in winning back Miriam. She accepts his marriage proposal, but is disappointed when he postpones the marriage for an appointment in Washington. Just before he steps on the plane he explains to Miriam why he left her twenty years ago . Miriam is furious with Hugh but he doesn't know why. She refuses to let him in, which leads to a comical intermezzo in which Hugh and Jerry are arrested by the police. They are identified by Miriam and Barbara, and may leave the police station. Back home Miriam explains to Hugh that she was so angry because Victor told her that twenty years ago Hugh won her hand in a game of craps. Hugh admits this, and still has those two dice with him. He asks her to throw. It turns out the dice were loaded; they always throw three and four. Hugh admits he cheated because the stake was so high. Miriam is pleased with this explanation and they reconcile."] ['Pat Pemberton  is a brilliant athlete, except when her domineering fiancé is around. The ladies golf championship is in her reach until she gets flustered by his presence at the final holes. He wants them to get married and forget the whole thing, but she cannot give up on herself that easily. She enlists the help of Mike Conovan , a slightly shady sports promoter. Together they face mobsters, a jealous boxer , and a growing mutual attraction.'] ["The story centers around a traditional Italian-American family with four daughters with completely different personalities. Danni, one of the sisters, is about to be the first of the sisters to walk down the aisle. That is, if her three sisters won't stop it. Niki, Chrissy and Toni return home for the long overdue family reunion, which ultimately turns into a contest of who can one-up the other. Niki brings her Jewish boyfriend along, the lesbian Toni is accompanied by her biker girlfriend Amy, and Chrissy, who is too busy for a boyfriend, brings her brand new Porsche. The sisters reek of over-achievement and insecurity and subconsciously long for the approval and love of their domineering father. The film takes place in Westerly, Rhode Island, the hometown of director/actor/writer/producer Vanessa Parise."] ['In 1876, Leopold Alexis Elijah Walker Thomas Gareth Mountbatten, Duke of Albany, is a stifled dreamer. Strict Uncle Millard  has no patience for Leopold\'s disrespect for the monarchy, chastising him and telling him he must marry a rich American, as the Mountbatten family finances are depleted. His uncle has told him that on his "thirtieth birthday he had become a blemish to the family name". The Duke finds Stuart Besser , an amateur physicist  perusing his schematic diagrams and taking photographs of them. He had seen him earlier at Roebling\'s speech about the Brooklyn Bridge. Leopold follows Stuart and tries to save him from falling off the unfinished bridge; only to fall with him into a temporal portal between centuries. Leopold awakens in 21st century New York. He is at first confused and thinks that he has been kidnapped. Stuart says that he has created formulae to forecast portals in the temporal universe and that Leopold must stay inside his apartment until the portal opens again a week later. As Stuart takes his dog out, he is injured by falling into the elevator shaft, and is eventually institutionalized for speaking about his scientific discovery.  Leopold is intrigued by the cynical and ambitious Kate McKay , Stuart\'s ex-girlfriend, who comes to the apartment for her Palm Pilot stylus. He observes that she is a "career woman" and that her field, market research, is a fine avocation for a woman and states that he once dated a librarian from Sussex. Kate dismisses him and demands that he take Stuart\'s dog for a walk. Leopold is overwhelmed to see that Roebling\'s bridge is still standing. Back at the apartment, he befriends Charlie , Kate\'s brother and an actor between gigs, who believes him to be an actor as well, steadfast to his character. Kate and Leopold become romantically involved, as they dine and tour New York. When shooting begins on the commercial in which Leopold has agreed to act, he finds the product, diet margarine, disgusting. He cannot understand how Kate would have him endorse a flawed item without qualms, and declares that "when someone is involved in something entirely without merit, one withdraws". Echoing his uncle, Kate says that sometimes one has to do things one doesn\'t want to. He chides her about integrity. She retorts, "I don\'t have time for pious speeches from two hundred year old men who have not worked a day in their life". Their dalliance seems at an end. Stuart escapes from the mental hospital, and sends Leopold back to his own time. That night, while Kate is accepting her promotion at a company banquet, he and Charlie are racing to meet her. Moments before she goes on stage, they arrive and produce pictures from Stuart\'s camera that show her in 1876. Stuart says that he had thought he disrupted the spacetime continuum, but actually "the whole thing is a beautiful 4-D pretzel of kismetic inevitability". Kate chooses a life with Leopold over her career, and the three of them escape to the Brooklyn Bridge. There, catching the portal before it closes at midnight, Kate vanishes into 1876, where Leopold appears resigned to be pragmatic, as Kate and his uncle had advised him, and marry Miss Tree for her family fortune; but, just as he is about to announce his intention to become engaged to Miss Tree, as he opens his mouth to speak, he sees Kate and announces her name, Kate McKay, as his bride-to-be. In the closing scene, they kiss and the camera is drawn outward showing a grandfather\'s clock depicting 12:15.'] ['In 1616, when Flanders is under Spanish occupation, the town of Boom, in the midst of preparations for its carnival, learns that a Spanish duke with his army is on the way to spend the night there. Fearing that this will inevitably result in rape and pillage, the mayor &mdash; supported by his town council &mdash; has the idea of pretending to be newly dead, in order to avoid receiving the soldiers. But his redoubtable wife Cornelia despises this strategem and organises the other women to prepare hospitality and to adapt their carnival entertainments for the Spaniards . Such is the warmth of the women’s welcome that not only do the Spaniards refrain from misbehaviour, but on their departure the Duke announces a year’s remission of taxes for the town. Cornelia allows her husband to take the credit for their good fortune, but she has in the meantime thwarted his plans for their daughter to marry the town butcher instead of the young painter Brueghel whom she loves.'] ['Steven Jay Russell  is on his deathbed, recalling the events of his life. He spent his early adult years in Virginia Beach as a police officer. He plays the organ at church, has unenthusiastic sex with his wife, Debbie , and spends his off hours searching for his biological mother, who gave him up as a child. Steven locates his biological mother, but she rejects him without explanation. After a car crash, Steven leaves his family and previous life behind , and explores the world as his true self – a gay man. He moves to Miami, finds a boyfriend , and lives a luxurious lifestyle. To keep himself and his boyfriend in the style to which they have become accustomed, Steven becomes a con man. Steven is caught and sent to prison, where he falls in love with inmate Phillip Morris . Steven cannot bear to be separated from Phillip. After being released, he helps get Phillip freed from prison by posing as a lawyer, then attains wealth by fraudulently acquiring a position as chief financial officer of a large company. Steven eventually gets caught embezzling from the company, and goes back to prison. Phillip is also sent to jail as an accomplice, and angrily tells Steven he never wants to see him again. Months later, Phillip learns from another inmate that Steven is dying of AIDS. Heartbroken, Phillip calls Steven while he is in the infirmary and confesses that while he is still upset with Steven for lying to him, he still loves him. Phillip is later told that Steven has died. Sometime later, Phillip is taken to meet with his lawyer and finds Steven waiting for him. Steven describes how he faked having AIDS and dying in order to see Phillip again, and promises to never lie to him again. He runs one last con to break Phillip out of jail, only to be caught when he runs into an old coworker. The end of the movie explains that the real-life Phillip Morris was released from jail in 2006, but Steven is still imprisoned, on 23-hour lockup, only having one free hour a day to shower and exercise. The last scene shows Steven laughing joyfully while running across the prison yard, guards in pursuit, in another attempt to be with Phillip.'] ["George Banks  is an upper-middle-class owner of an athletic shoe company in San Marino, California, whose 22-year-old daughter, Annie , returns from Europe, telling them she has decided to marry Bryan MacKenzie , a man from an upper-class family from Bel-Air, despite only knowing each other for three months. The sudden shock turns the warm reunion into a heated argument between George and Annie, but they quickly reconcile in time for Bryan to arrive and meet them. Despite Bryan's good financial status and likeable demeanour, George takes an immediate dislike to him while his wife, Nina , accepts the young man as a potential son-in-law. George and Nina meet Bryan's parents, John and Joanna. Though George feels comfort from John also expressing how shocked he had initially been at Bryan's marriage plans, George quickly gets into trouble when he begins nosing around and eventually ends up falling into the pool when cornered by the MacKenzie's vicious pet Dobermans. All is forgotten, however, and the Banks meet with an eccentric European wedding designer, Franck Eggelhoffer  and his assistant, Howard Weinstein , where George immediately begins complaining about the price of the extravagant wedding items. The high price, $250 a head, plus the problems of wedding invitations and extensive remodelling of a room in the house begin to take their toll on George and he becomes slightly insane. The final straw occurs when George's small tuxedo, which he had struggled to put on, rips when he bends his back. George leaves the house to cool off, but ends up causing a disturbance at a supermarket. Fed up with paying for things he doesn't want, he starts removing hot dog buns from their 12-bun packets so as to match the 8-dog packets of sausages. He ends up arrested, but Nina arrives to bail him out on the condition that he stop ruining Annie's wedding. With help from Nina and Franck, George becomes more relaxed and accepting of the wedding, particularly when Bryan and Annie receive rather expensive gifts from extended family members, but the wedding plans are put on hold when Bryan and Annie have a row over a blender Bryan gave to Annie as a gift, which only got worse when Annie refused to believe Bryan's story about George's antics at his house when he fell in the pool. George takes Bryan out for a drink, initially intending to get rid of him for good, but seeing Bryan's heartbroken face and genuine claim that he loves Annie, George has a change of heart and finally accepts Bryan. He confesses to Annie that what happened at Bryan's house was true, and Annie and Bryan reconcile. Despite some last minute problems with the weather, the wedding is finally prepared, almost one year after Bryan and Annie's first meeting. Bryan and Annie marry and a party is held at the house, despite a nosy police officer objecting to the number of parked cars in their street. George, unfortunately, misses Annie throwing the bouquet and is unable to see his daughter before she and Bryan leave for their honeymoon. Annie, however, calls George from the airport to thank him and tell him that she loves him one last time before they board the plane. With the house now empty and the wedding finished, George finds solace with Nina and dances with her."] ['{{plot}} In the kingdom of Frell, baby Ella  is given the "gift of obedience" by her obnoxious and misguided fairy godmother, Lucinda . This turns out to be more of a curse, making Ella do anything she is told to do, no matter how terrible or physically impossible. Some years later, Ella\'s mother dies after instructing Ella to tell no one of the curse, not even her father. Eventually Ella\'s father  , in need of money, remarries a wealthy socialite. His greedy new wife, Dame Olga , and her two spoiled daughters Hattie and Olive  treat Ella poorly. They eventually realize Ella\'s obedience to commands, and begin making her life miserable. Ella, now a beautiful young woman, happens to meet Prince Charmont , the young, attractive, and very popular heir to the kingdom; they began to like each other, but Hattie and Olive decide to pursue "Char" themselves. Ella cannot bear to live under the obedience spell and Hattie\'s jealousy a moment longer, so she resolves to find Lucinda, the only one who can remove the spell. Mandy , the household fairy and the only other person who knows of the curse, introduces her boyfriend to Ella; he is in the form of a book but can help Ella by showing things such as pictures of people in their current surroundings. During her journey, Ella encounters an elf named Slannen , who wants to be a lawyer instead of an entertainer as the kingdom\'s laws now require. Slannen joins Ella on her quest, but they are captured by a group of ogres, who prepare to cook and eat them. They are rescued by Prince Charmont. He then accompanies her to a wedding in the land of giants, where Ella hopes to find Lucinda. As they make their way there, the prince and Ella begin to fall in love. They pass a plantation where giants are working as slaves, and Ella tries to open Char\'s eyes to the cruelty of the new laws oppressing elves and giants. There, Ella is forced to perform a rendition of Queen\'s "Somebody to Love", performed by Freddie Mercury. Char then suggests that Ella should come with him to his palace to visit the Hall of Records and track down Lucinda faster. At the palace, Charmont\'s uncle, Sir Edgar , has Ella\'s "gift" called to his attention by his talking snake, Heston, voiced by , who has been spying on the prince. When Edgar offers them Char\'s hand in marriage, Ella\'s stepsisters explain that she does everything she is told. Edgar knows that Prince Charmont intends to propose marriage to Ella, and he orders her to stab him to death and not to tell anyone of the plan. Sir Edgar also reveals that he murdered Prince Charmont\'s father. To prevent the murder of Char, Ella asks Slannen to tie her to a tree outside the city and to find the giants so they can help. Lucinda now appears before Ella, who asks her to undo the "gift" of obedience. Offended by the request, Lucinda refuses, saying that if Ella no longer wants the spell, she must remove it herself. She unties Ella from the tree and gives her a fancy dress and tells her to attend the ball. When Ella gets to the ball, Charmont almost immediately takes her to the Hall of Mirrors and asks her to marry him. Ella is about to stab him with the dagger Edgar provided, when she realizes how to free herself from the curse: looking into a mirror, she orders herself to no longer be obedient. This saves Prince Charmont from his uncle\'s treachery. But Edgar is watching the entire scene behind a two-way mirror, and before Ella can explain to Char why she tried to kill him, he orders the guards in, to lock her up and have her executed in a few days. Meanwhile, Slannen gets the giants, and the ogres come to help as well. They sneak into the castle just before the coronation. They rescue Ella and find out that Sir Edgar is poisoning the crown that is to be put on Char\'s head in the ceremony. When the crown is just inches above his head, Ella barges in along with Slannen and the ogres and screams, "Drop that crown!" Edgar and Heston call for knights and the ninja-like Red Guards, and they all battle in the hall against Prince Char, Ella, the ogres, the giants, and Slannen. During the fight, Ella has time to explain to Char everything that has happened. When Sir Edgar\'s forces lose the battle, Heston tries to bite Char, but is stopped by Ella and trampled by members of Char\'s fan club. This shows that Ella was telling the truth, and Edgar admits everything to the assembled crowd, saying it was justified because he is the only one fit to wear the crown. Then, carried away by his own rhetoric, he puts it dramatically on his own head, and promptly collapses from the poison, although he survives. Char and Ella kiss; her stepsisters arrive and order her to stop kissing, and she is delighted to refuse. Ella then walks up to Hattie and takes her mother\'s necklace back from her . Char once again asks Ella to marry him, and she agrees. The movie ends with their wedding and a musical number .'] ["Louise Randall Pierson does not have an easy life. When she is a teenager, her beloved father dies, leaving her, her mother, and her sister in financial difficulty. However, heeding her father's advice to shoot for the stars, she remains undaunted. She goes to college and learns typing and shorthand; on her first  job, she overcomes the prejudice of her new boss, Lew Morton, against women workers. Then, though they have very different ideas about a woman's place, she marries Rodney Crane, who goes to work in the banking industry. Four children are born in rapid succession. Louise nurses her brood through a bout of infantile paralysis; one is left somewhat lame. After ten years though, Rodney tires of her self-reliance and divorces her to marry a younger woman more in keeping with his conservative idea of what a wife should be. A year later, Louise meets Harold C. Pierson, who is less driven, but just as unconventional. After only a few hours acquaintance, he asks her to marry him, and she  accepts. They have a son. Louise inspires Harold to venture into his family's business and take out a loan to build greenhouses to grow roses. They are just about to clear the last $30,000 of their debt when the market collapses due to oversupply. They have to sell off most of their possessions and take to the road. They then encounter Svend Olsen, an aircraft builder in need of financing. Harold and the children overcome her resistance, and they commit their time and money to the venture. However, once again, their timing is bad. The day after the airplane is completed and shown to enthusiastic potential backers, the stock market crashes. The family is uprooted once more. Two sons go to Yale University, and one of the daughters gets married. The rest of the family manages to get by with various jobs. Then, on Louise's birthday, Germany invades Poland and starts World War II. Soon, all three sons enlist; the youngest is only seventeen, but gets his mother's reluctant consent to join the Army Reserve. As he eagerly rushes off to the recruitment center, Louise laments to her husband about her failure to provide their children with a stable, prosperous life. He assures her that her indomitable example, undaunted by failure after failure, is all they need, that they may be down from time to time, but will never be out. Then the two start to discuss their next project, buying a farm."] ["Arthur Bach  is still rich and still drinks too much, but he and Linda  are now happily married. The one thing missing in their life is a child. Seeking revenge, billionaire Bert Johnson ([[Stephen Elliott , the father of Susan Johnson , the wealthy woman whom Arthur jilted at the altar, takes control of Arthur's inheritance, leaving Arthur broke and homeless. Susan wants him back and is willing to break up Arthur's marriage if that's what it takes. Arthur tries to sober up to rise up to the occasion and find a job, knowing his financial plight could ruin any chance he and Linda have of adopting a baby. Linda assures a representative from the adoption agency that, despite his drinking, Arthur would make a good father. Through an elaborate scheme, Arthur plots to get even with the Johnsons and get his money back. In the end, he not only is able to get his money back and adopt a child, but Linda discovers that she's pregnant."] ['Nola Darling  is a young, attractive, sexually-independent Brooklynite who juggles three suitors: the polite and well-meaning Jamie Overstreet ; the self-obsessed model Greer Childs ; and the immature, motor-mouthed bicycle messenger Mars Blackmon . Nola is attracted to the best in each of them, but refuses to commit to any of them, cherishing her personal freedom instead, even though each man wants her for himself.'] ['Angela de Marco  is the wife of mafia up-and-comer Frank "The Cucumber" de Marco , who gets violently dispatched by Mob boss Tony "The Tiger" Russo  when he is discovered in a compromising situation with the latter\'s mistress Karen . Angela wants to escape the mafia scene with her son, but is harassed by Tony who puts the moves on her at Frank\'s funeral. This clinch earns her the suspicion of FBI agents Mike Downey  and Ed Benitez , and also of Tony\'s ball-busting wife Connie , who repeatedly confronts Angela with accusations of stealing her husband. To further complicate things, Mike Downey is assigned to monitor all of Angela\'s movements as part of an undercover surveillance operation, but cannot resist becoming romantically involved with Angela himself. Angela\'s attempts to break away from the Mob result in comic mayhem and a climactic showdown in a honeymoon suite in Miami.'] ['Orlando "Brad" McVie  and his girlfriend, Kate  are a happily unmarried and childfree, upscale San Francisco couple whose respective households are somewhat similar - both bearing divorced parents, warring siblings with out-of-control kids and general awkward memories and simmering resentments from the past, which they find too embarrassing to share with each other. In an effort to avoid these families at Christmas time, Brad and Kate pretend to be engaging in charitable work and escape to exotic sun-spots, such as Fiji, to enjoy a relaxing Christmas there. Unfortunately, in the third Christmas of their relationship, Brad and Kate are trapped at San Francisco International Airport by a fogbank that cancels every outbound flight. To make matters worse, they are caught on camera and then interviewed by a CBS 5 news crew, revealing their whereabouts to the whole city and, worst of all, their families. With no escape, their lies foiled and no excuses to make, they find themselves unable to avoid a Christmas at home with their respective families. They first visit Brad\'s father , then Kate\'s mother , and then Brad\'s mother  and, finally, Kate\'s father , thereby celebrating four Christmases in one day. As they brace themselves for a marathon of homecomings, Brad and Kate expect the worst, but are nevertheless unable to prepare themselves enough for what they get. As the day progresses, each discover a new secret about each other that both had been too embarrassed to tell each other about, and soon find their relationship on the verge of collapse. While Brad counts down the minutes to freedom, Kate finds herself looking at the lives of Brad\'s and her own siblings and realises that she does want a marriage and children of her own, the prospect of which frightens Brad. Eventually, in the final visit of the day, at Kate\'s father\'s house, Kate asks Brad to let her spend the visit on her own and claims to her family that they had split up. Meanwhile, Brad spends some time at his own father\'s house with just his father and realises how empty his life is without a marriage and children, and that he loves Kate much too much to leave her. He returns to her and they discuss the possibilities of having a child and getting married. The two then embark on their holiday in Fiji. A year later on New Year\'s Day, the couple welcomes their first born child, a baby girl, which they have spent the last nine months hiding from their families. However, as their baby is the first born in the New Year, a news crew comes to congratulate them - once again revealing them, and their new baby to the whole city, and their families.'] ['Tambrey "Tammy" Tyree  is a seventeen-year-old girl living in a houseboat in Mississippi  with her Grandpa, John Dinwitty . She runs around barefoot, dreaming of life outside of the swamp, and talking to her best friend, Nan, a goat. One day in the swamp, Tammy discovers the wreckage of a plane and the unconscious body of Peter Brent . Tammy and her grandfather help Peter recover at their home, during which Tammy falls in love with Peter. However, he must return to his own home, but tells Tammy that if anything happened to her grandfather, she would be welcome to come and stay with him. Several weeks later, Tammy\'s grandfather is arrested for making moonshine. With no one else to stay with, Tammy sets off for Brentwood Hall. She arrives during a dance rehearsal and sees Peter with his friends. When Peter\'s friend Ernie discovers Tammy outside of the party, Tammy tries to explain her grandfather\'s imprisonment; however, Peter misunderstands, and tells Mrs. Brent  that Tammy\'s grandfather has died, leading the Brents to take her in. Tammy learns that Peter is busy with "Brentwood #6," a tomato that he is growing in hopes of making Brentwood Hall self-sustaining once again. After Tammy finally tells everyone that her grandfather isn\'t actually dead, Mrs. Brent is upset over Tammy announcing to everyone that she has a relative in jail. However, Peter and his Aunt Renie convince Tammy to stay, leading her to sing of her love for Peter. Peter\'s love interest drops by Brentwood Hall. Her uncle wants Peter to stop meddling around with tomatoes and offers him a deal to come to work with him in the advertising business. Peter turns down the offer. That week is also Pilgrimage Week, which includes a ball and tours of Brentwood Hall, all while in costume. Renie gives Tammy the dress that Peter\'s great-grandmother wore. Mrs. Brent and Renie suggest that Tammy pretend to be Great-Grandmother Cratchett for the evening. At the Ball that night, Tammy tells a story for the guests, and enchants everyone, even Mrs. Brent. That night, a hail storm hits Brentwood Hall and destroys all of the Brentwood #6s. The next morning, Peter announces that he is going to accept the advertising offer, leading Tammy to run away. Peter realizes he loves Tammy, finds Tammy\'s grandfather, and returns to the houseboat, where he kisses her.'] ['Lady Elisabeth Randall is an English Air Force corporal during World War II. She is on her way to marry her fiancé when she finds herself being romanced by two different men. The first man is Colbert, a Frenchman residing in England. The second man is Joe Mulvaney, an American lieutenant. Difficulties ensue as Randall finds that due to these romances both her military career and her impending marriage are in danger.'] ["Smychkov , a bassist, shows up too early for the ball of a beautiful princess, and decides to spend his extra time skinny dipping in the nearby lake. The princess , meanwhile, has gone fishing at the lake, and later decides to go skinny dipping as well. However, things change when a thief absconds with both Smychkov's and the Princess's clothes, and while the Princess is wandering around, she meets Smychkov. After their initially embarrassing encounter, he tries to help her return to the castle by hiding her in his bass case."] ['Joe Slovak  is a brilliant first-year med student whose nonconformist approach to life is tested when he enrolls in gross anatomy, the toughest course in med school. Joe\'s freewheeling, independent style creates funny moments in the classroom, but puts him at odds with his demanding professor , who questions whether her class "rebel" has what it takes to be a doctor. Meanwhile, Joe falls in love with his lab partner Laurie , who won\'t let anything, especially romance, interfere with her plans. And while Joe\'s never done anything by the book, he proves he does have what it takes to succeed &mdash; without changing his ways!'] ['A Russian defector lands a jet on an American airstrip. The base commander, Air Force Colonel Jim Shannon  is surprised to find that the pilot is an attractive woman, Lieutenant Anna Marladovna . When she asks for asylum, but refuses to disclose any military information, Shannon is assigned to seduce her. They fall in love. Worried about the possibility of deportation, Jim marries her without permission. When they return from their unauthorized honeymoon, Major General Black  takes Jim aside and informs him that his new wife is a spy, sent to relay information back to the USSR. The Americans decide to play along, and escalate the situation. Shannon goes home to tell Anna that she is to be imprisoned for years, then deported when she is finally released. To save her, they hatch an escape plan, steal a plane and fly to Soviet airspace. Their arrival is not shown, but Anna is criticized for allowing Shannon to crash the more advanced American plane when Russian fighters closed in, rather than fighting back. She says that she considered shooting him, then decided that he would be more valuable for his knowledge than the plane would have been. While they are there, Shannon discovers that Anna is pregnant. Shannon is then assigned to help test new aircraft, a pretext for drugging him and pumping him for information about American aircraft. He learns much about Soviet capabilities from the questions he is asked, while only giving up outdated information in return. When Anna discovers this, she initially plans to turn him in, learns he is to be drugged into permanent insensibility, then lets her personal feelings override her sense of duty. She finds herself under suspicion, disposes of the agent sent to keep an eye on her, steals a plane and escapes back to the West with Shannon.'] ['After leaving a party at a women\'s dormitory , Matthew  is trapped in an elevator with an unknown, and unseen, woman when the power goes out. Matthew and this unknown woman have sex in the dark. When Matthew wakes up in the morning—still in the elevator—he finds himself alone with a pair of her panties.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0214388/synopsis On a mission to find his mystery maiden by finding a matching bra for the panties, Matthew becomes the maintenance man of the virgin vault. After releasing mice, he goes room to room, setting traps. He convinces the panicked women to leave their rooms and then starts to look for a match. When he is unsuccessful, he continues to break things  in an effort to find his woman. He also fixes the television set, which is greatly received by women he refers to as "Jane-ites", as they have a great interest in films adapted from books by Jane Austen. He doesn\'t get much help from his roommate Rod , who keeps telling him to give up, and together they philosophize about men and women. Rod tells him that he doesn\'t need a girlfriend and that it\'s futile to try to find the "bra matching the panties", and Matthew accuses him of being too machismo. Rod introduces Matthew to the "penile power", which involves the use of weights attached to his penis as a means of increasing the organ\'s size. He does this and insults women to make himself feel better about the problem he has with his manhood; he suffers from hypospadias, a condition in which the urethra opens on the underside of the penis rather than at the tip of the glans. Early on, Matthew watches as a woman named Patty  and her boyfriend Crick fight. Crick is the epitome of the macho man stereotype, with his big pectorals, conceited attitude, and abusiveness. He wears a pony-tail, a manicured goatee, "male make-up", and chews nicotine gum, much to Matthew\'s dismay. Matthew tries to save Patty, but is hurt by Crick. Crick leaves, and Patty tries to help Matthew, but Matthew can\'t help but think of Patty\'s reputation as a "slut." While searching one room, Matthew finds himself trapped in the bathroom when the occupant returns. Matthew is attacked by Wendy , until she recognizes him as a high school classmate. Wendy decides to help Matthew in his quest to find his mystery maiden, hoping that, in the process, she may find one of her own, as she is a closeted lesbian. Matthew is nervous about talking to girls. Arlene  and his teacher Ms. Stern  disparage Matthew, asserting that women are more dominant than men are. Arlene beats him at foosball. Ms. Stern asserts that women, rather than men, should be in command. Rod tells Matthew that he\'s a chicken and should just give up on girls, while Matthew tells him that he has never been able to speak to girls, especially Cynthia . Matthew puts an advertisement in the school newspaper asking the girl he\'s seeking to meet him in the basement on a Thursday night. He sits in the dark every Thursday night, waiting for her to show up. The door opens one night, and he thinks it\'s her, but it\'s Wendy, coming to check up on him. Finally, the mystery maiden does show up, only to tell him to stop looking for her. Despite the approach of the end of the semester, Matthew isn\'t deterred. He disguises himself in drag, as Francesca, as a means to continue his search. In drag, he is actually able to talk to Cynthia one on one which, , he is not able to do because he is intimidated by her good looks. Rod flirts with Francesca and later brags to Matthew that he had sex with Francesca. This makes Matthew so angry that he adds another weight onto Rod\'s "penile power" device, hurting him. Crick makes a pass at Matthew in drag while he fights with Patty. Matthew bites off part of Crick\'s tongue. As a result, Crick is unable to speak without lisping. Desperation sets in, so Matthew appeals to his mystery maiden by proclaiming his love for her to the whole dormitory. He finally determines his mystery maiden is Patty. She initially rejects him because she thought that he would see her only as a slut. Crick sees that Matthew wants Patty, but Matthew has him arrested for sexually assaulting him . Matthew introduces Rod and Dora, and Arlene and Wendy hook up. Cynthia shows off her newly found martial art abilities, and Ms. Stern learns a valuable lesson on gender equality, as Matthew stands up to her in front of the class, to an ovation. Finally, Matthew proclaims his passionate love to Patty, who sees his loving eyes, and they kiss.'] ['Burke and Sage play brothers Bill and Dennis, who reunite after their anarchist father escapes from the hospital. Bill is angry after being double-crossed after a robbery by his girlfriend, and he promises to break the heart of the next woman he meets, while Dennis is fresh out of college and somewhat naive about the world. Dennis is set on finding their father, and Bill is broke, so they set off to find him. Their motorcycle breaks down near a diner in the middle of nowhere, where they meet the beautiful Kate, mysterious Elina, and short-tempered Martin. They decide to stay for a few days and gradually become entangled in local life.'] ["Softball player Lisa Jorgenson  is devastated when she is left off the Team USA roster. Unsure what to do next, Lisa has begun dating Matty Reynolds , a pitcher for the Washington Nationals. She also receives an intriguing phone call from a young executive, George Madison , who was advised by a friend of Lisa's to give her a call. George calls out of politeness because he wants to explain that his relationship with his girlfriend has just become more serious. But life takes an abrupt turn for the worse for George when he suddenly finds himself the target of a federal criminal investigation for corporate malfeasance at a company run by his father, Charles Madison . George is fired from his job and abandoned by the company, with the exception of his father and his pregnant secretary, Annie . Still reeling from this blow, George goes to his girlfriend for sympathy and is stunned when she immediately breaks up with him. Meanwhile, Lisa moves in with Matty, who has a penthouse in the same upscale building where George's father lives. Matty is rich, well-meaning and fun, but is also immature and insensitive, and continues to have casual affairs with other women. On a whim, George calls again to invite Lisa to dinner and she accepts. It turns out to be a disaster; George is so overwhelmed with his troubles that Lisa eventually asks that they just eat in silence. They part ways not expecting to see one another again. George is indicted and could face prison time. Annie is so loyal that she tries to give him inside information in advance, but he urges her not to lose her own job. Matty tries to do better in Lisa's eyes, promising to consider seeing fewer women on the side. He inadvertently offends her, so Lisa moves out and spends a pleasant, tipsy evening at George's modest new apartment. George's father then drops one last bombshell on his son: It was he who committed the illegal act for which George is being charged. Due to a previous conviction, Charles would spend at least 25 years &mdash; basically, the rest of his life &mdash; in prison, whereas George would only do three years at most. On the night Annie's baby is born and her boyfriend proposes, Lisa begins to reconsider her previous reluctance to settle down. George is clearly smitten with her, but Matty pleads for another chance and she accepts. George makes a proposition to his father: He will take one more shot at persuading Lisa to be with him; If she will, Charles must go to jail, and if she won't, George will take the rap for his dad. At a birthday party that Matty throws for her, George confesses his feelings for Lisa and goes outside to give her time to think it over, Charles looking on from above. Finally, Lisa says goodbye to Matty and joins George outside. At the end of the movie, they are seen boarding a bus together."] ['Growing up in Hastings, Minnesota, young David Leary  was constantly bullied by Roscoe Bigger , nicknamed "Fang" because of a pointed tooth. David is ecstatic when his parents announce they\'re moving to Oakland. Before leaving, David squeals on Fang for stealing a moon rock being shown at their school. As the Learys leave town, Fang is arrested. 30 years later, David  is divorced and raising his troubled son Ben  as a single parent. Not having much success as a writer, David\'s old school offers him a job teaching creative writing. Things go well at first, meeting some "too friendly" neighbors Art and Betty Lundstrum , and rekindling a relationship with his old flame Victoria . He also encounters the school librarian Mrs. Rumpert  who is still waiting for David to return Green Eggs and Ham to the library. After Ben begins picking on a little kid named Kirby , David meets the boy\'s father Ross Bigger ([[Tom Arnold  when both of them are called to the office of Principal Kokelar  revolving around both their sons\' actions. Despite a friendly first meeting, David soon discovers that the mild-mannered shop teacher is his old enemy "Fang". Following a fire drill, David meets with his old friend Ulf  who is a firefighter. When meeting with Ulf, Alan , and Gerry  at a bar, David learns from them that after Ross got out of juvenile hall, Ross\' parent\'s skipped town which eventually led to him growing up in an orphanage. When Ross learns who David is, he reembarks on his old routine as revenge for putting him in juvenile hall. Ross drops his mild-mannered attitude and begins taking charge in his classroom and his own home. In a twist of irony, David\'s son begins bullying the old bully\'s son. Although after a discussion with Ben, they become fast friends. Ross begins to intimidate him more and more until David becomes paranoid, and begins freaking out another teacher named Clark  who thinks he is on crack. David gets to his last straw after Ross humiliates him in front of Victoria at the prom. When David brings Ross\' actions to Principal Kokelar after a recent pranking, David is told by Principal Kokelar that Ross has been a teacher longer than David has and even states that he had gotten some complaints from Clark about David and that if David can\'t straighten up his act, he will get another teacher to cover for him for the remainder of the school semester. The only comment that David could make was that he was the town hero. Later that night, David decides to end it once and for all. After a game of cat-and-mouse in the school after hours , David flees to his hiding place he used when he was a child which was a cave. Ross chases him onto a waterfall and tells David that he always thought of him as a friend, before an enraged Ross attacks him. David hits him with a piece of driftwood causing Ross to fall into the river. Fearing that he has killed his enemy, David tries to turn himself over to the police only to find that the cops are out. Ulf drives David to his home while he tries to find Ross\' body. After a talk with Art, David attempts to go to sleep only to discover Ross alive and well. The two men fight once again until Kirby and Ben come in and reveal that they\'ve made up and encourage their fathers do the same. During this, Ross reveals he stole the moon rock because he wanted to be an astronaut. It was also shown that during their recent fight, Ross\' "fang" was chipped. With nothing left for him in Hastings, David begins to pack up and move to New York. He has Victoria return Green Eggs and Ham to the school library for him. Ross arrives and as a goodbye present for David, Ross gives him an Evel Knievel action figure identical to the one David had as a child before Ross threw it into a river. David tells them to visit whenever, and the changed family leaves. Ross hooks up his mobile home to his truck, and follows David telling his family that they have been "invited" to come to New York.'] ['High school senior Andie Walsh  is a working-class girl who has a crush on one of the rich, preppie boys in her school, Blane McDonough . When Andie and Blane try to get together, they encounter resistance from their respective social circles. Andie lives on "the wrong side of the tracks" with her unemployed father, Jack . Andie\'s best friend, Phil "Duckie" Dale , is in love with her, but plays it off as a joke in front of her. In school, he and Andie are harassed by Blane\'s friends, the arrogant so-called "richie" kids Benny  and Steff . Andie works at TRAX, a New Wave record store in the Chinatown neighborhood, managed by her older friend and mentor Iona . Iona advises Andie to go to her senior prom despite not having a date. Soon, Blane makes his move via chatting in the computer lab, and Andie is smitten. Blane ventures out to the area at school where the punks, metalheads, and New Wavers hang out and asks Andie on a date. On the Friday night of the date, Andie waits for Blane at TRAX, but he is late. When Blane finally arrives, Duckie and Andie argue. Duckie tries to convince her that Blane will only hurt her. After a few harsh words, Duckie storms out, and Andie goes on her date. First, Blane suggests going to a party Steff is throwing but the party isn\'t exactly what Blane expected, and Andie is treated poorly by everyone, including a drunk Steff and Benny. Andie, in turn, suggests going to the local club, where they discover Iona sitting with Duckie, who never gets in. Duckie is immediately hostile toward Blane, and as he and Andie start walking out of the club, Duckie kisses a startled Iona to make Andie feel jealous. Blane offers to take Andie home, but she refuses, admitting she doesn\'t want him to see where she lives. She eventually allows him to drop her off and he asks her to the prom. Andie accepts and they share their first kiss. At home, Jack surprises her with a pink dress he bought for her at the thrift shop. Questioning how he was able to afford it, Andie discovers he has been faking going to a full-time job. The two fight until Jack breaks down, revealing that he is still bitter and depressed about his wife having left him. Meanwhile Blane, pressured by Steff, begins distancing himself from Andie. Finally, Andie confronts him for avoiding her at school and not returning her calls. Blane then claims that he\'d already asked somebody to the prom but had forgotten, and Andie replies by calling him a "filthy, fucking, no-good liar". She then accuses him of being ashamed of being seen with her because his friend would not approve. She runs away while Blane protests that she does not understand, and it has nothing to do with her. As Blane leaves, Steff again offers criticism of Andie. Duckie overhears this and attacks Steff in the hallway. The two fight before teachers break them up and Duckie runs off, tearing down a prom banner in the process. Andie finds Iona preparing for a date. Iona is already thinking about marriage. Iona\'s newly found happiness inspires Andie. She decides to attend the prom, to "show them they didn\'t break me." Using both Iona\'s prom dress and the thrift shop dress her father bought her, she creates a new pink dress to wear to the prom. When she gets to the prom, she has second thoughts about braving the crowd on her own. Just as it looks like she may back out, she sees Duckie, who is also dressed up. They walk into the ballroom hand in hand. When Steff begins mocking the couple, Blane finally realizes that Steff resents Andie because, although Steff had tried to get with Andie, she refused, which was something Steff was not used to. Blane finds the courage to tell Steff off, and approaches Andie and Duckie. He shakes Duckie\'s hand and confesses to Andie that he always believed in her, he just didn\'t believe in himself. Duckie concedes that Blane is not like the other rich kids at school and advises Andie to go after him. Outside of the prom, Andie catches up with Blane in the parking lot, and they kiss passionately in front of his car.'] ['Lord Datchett is a misogynist who persuades his friend not to get married. He believes woman are vain, trivial and dull. He is irritated when a French film star Colette Marly arrives in London and takes the table in a restaurant he wanted to sit at. He is scathing of her claims in the newspaper that she is tired of publicity and of men pursuing her, believing it to be an attempt to get more attention. He predicts that if she were really left alone she would throw herself at the first man that she met. After being challenged by a man at his club, Datchett decides to invite her to stay at his house aiming to stage a "scientific experiment" and prove his theory right. In real life Marly is genuinely weary of her publicity agent|publicity-seeking agent and is besieged by autograph hunters and journalists. When she receives Datchett\'s invitation to stay at his house she accepts in the hope of some solitude. After travelling down to his country house with her maid Clair, she is greeted by the butler Jameson and Lord Datchett, now pretending to be Henry Dodds, the estate manager. The other staff have all been roped in to help maintain the deception. Datchett tries to discover more about Marly, but she is at first unforthcoming. Slowly they begin to bond, after they go out riding together and when they are locked in a cellar for several hours and get drunk on brandy. Clair meanwhile flirts with both Jameson and Patrick, the Irish gardener provoking them into jealousy and rivalry. When the Reverend Meadows turns up at the house with a Christening party for whom Datchett has agreed to be a Godfather, Marly discovers who Datchett really is in spite of his efforts to deceive her. At first she plans to leave in a fury, but then decides to play along with Datchett\'s pretence intending to teach him a lesson. While out boating on a lake, she pretends to be in distress so that he can be a gallant rescuer, but when he knocks himself out it is she who has to rescue him. When Datchett’s elderly mother Lady Datchett arrives he persuades her to join in the ploy which she tries to do without much success. Eventually Marly reveals to Datchett that she knows who he really is. They are both forced to confront their feelings for each other, and he admits he is in love with her. He asks her to marry him, but she reveals it has all been intended to teach him a lesson. He goes away, crestfallen, and she then realises she is in love with. At the suggestion of Clair, Marly stages her drowning for a second time. Datchett is about to return to London after admitting the experiment was a failure when he hears her cries for help. He comes to rescue her, but once again it is she who ends up rescuing him. Once safely on the bank, they end up embracing.'] ['Stanley Ford  is a successful, happily unmarried cartoonist enjoying the comforts of a well-to-do existence in an urban townhouse, including the services of his loyal and attentive valet, Charles Firbank . Stanley\'s comic strip, Bash Brannigan, is a secret-agent thriller characterized by a high level of realism: no matter how outrageous the plot may seem, Stanley will not allow Brannigan to do anything physically impossible or use gadgets that don\'t exist. He hires actors and sets up elaborate enactments of storylines, playing Brannigan himself, while Charles takes photographs Stanley will use as models. While attending a bachelor party for his friend Tobey Rawlins , Stanley becomes very drunk and proposes to a beautiful Italian girl  who steps out of a large cake wearing a bikini. An equally drunken judge  performs an impromptu wedding ceremony. The next morning, Stanley wakes up with the girl, now his wife, lying naked in bed next to him. He asks his lawyer Harold Lampson  to arrange a divorce, but Lampson informs him that this is impossible without legal justification. Stanley\'s new bride is cheerful, affectionate, and sexy, but she does not speak English. To learn the language, she spends time with Harold\'s manipulative, henpecking wife Edna , who speaks Italian. Unfortunately, in the process, she also learns Edna\'s overbearing ways. Meanwhile, Charles, who has a policy of not working for married couples, takes a new job with Rawlins, who was jilted by his bride. With Charles replaced by Mrs. Ford, Stanley\'s bathroom fills with beauty products and lingerie, and Stanley is kept awake by the television, which his wife watches to learn English. To make matters worse, her high-calorie Italian cuisine causes his weight to balloon, and she informs him that her mother will come from Rome to live with them. Adjusting to his new marital status, Stanley changes his Bash Brannigan cartoon from the exploits of a secret agent to a household comedy, The Brannigans, again drawing from his real life. The strip turns Bash into a bumbling idiot and is wildly successful. However, Mrs. Ford continues to intrude on Stanley\'s lifestyle. Increasingly irritated by the restrictions of married life, Stanley calls a meeting of his associates at his all-male health club. When Edna learns of the meeting, she telephones Mrs. Ford and arouses her suspicions about Stanley\'s activities. Mrs. Ford then sneaks into the club, with the result that Stanley is banned from the club for violating its "no women" policy. Feeling a need to vent his frustrations, Stanley concocts a plot in his comic strip to kill Brannigan\'s wife by drugging her with "goofballs" and burying her in "the goop from the gloppitta-gloppitta machine" at a construction site next to their home. As always, he enacts the events before drawing the strip, but after drugging his wife, he uses a department-store mannequin for the burial. Mrs. Ford sees the cartoon describing Stanley\'s murder plan, realizes that her husband does not want her, and leaves without a trace. After reading the cartoon in the newspapers, the police conclude that Stanley actually murdered his wife. Stanley is arrested and charged with murder, and his cartoons are used as prosecution evidence at the subsequent trial. When the trial appears to be headed for a conviction, Stanley takes up his own defense and pleads justifiable homicide, appealing to the all-male jury\'s frustrations regarding their own wives, and is acquitted. Stanley finds his wife in bed when he goes home. He has come to appreciate her, and, after he puts her wedding ring back on her finger, they are reconciled. Meanwhile, Charles meets Mrs. Ford\'s attractive mother who, like Charles, has a space between her front teeth. The film ends as Charles closes the door to her room in front of the camera so they can share an amorous moment alone.  The comic strip art in the film was credited to Mel Keefer, who drew strips such as Perry Mason, Mac Divot, and Rick O\'Shay. Alex Toth did a teaser comic in Keefer\'s style that ran in the Hollywood Reporter and several newspapers for ten days to promote the film.'] ["During World War II, retired millionaire Benjamin Dingle  arrives in Washington, D.C. as an adviser on the housing shortage and finds that his hotel suite will not be available for two days. He sees an ad for a roommate and talks the reluctant young woman, Connie Milligan , into letting him sublet half of her apartment. Comedy ensues when the two clumsily get in each other's way while arising and preparing for work. Then Dingle runs into Sergeant Joe Carter , who has no place to stay while he waits to be shipped overseas. Dingle generously rents him half of his half. When Connie finds out about the new arrangement, she orders them both to leave, but is forced to relent because she has already spent their rent money. Joe and Connie are attracted to each other, though she is engaged to high-paid bureaucrat Charles J. Pendergast . Connie's mother married for love, not security, and Connie is determined not to repeat her mistake. Dingle happens to meet Pendergast at a business luncheon and does not like what he sees. He decides that Joe would be a better match for his landlady. One day, Dingle goes too far, reading aloud to Joe from Connie's private diary, including her thoughts about Joe. When she finds out, she demands they both leave the next day. Dingle accepts full blame for the incident, and Connie allows Joe to stay the few more days before he is to ship out to the fighting. Joe gives Connie an expensive suitcase as a surprise. Due to a nosy teenage neighbor, Joe is taken in for questioning as a suspected spy for the Japanese, and Connie is brought along as well. When Dingle and Pendergast show up to vouch for them, it comes out that Joe and Connie are living in the same apartment. They are eventually released, but the story reaches a reporter. Dingle advises the young couple to get married to avoid a scandal and then have it annulled later. They follow his advice and wed. However , Connie's attraction to Joe overcomes her prudence."] ["The film tells the story of a footman, Richard, played by Michael Wilding, who is employed by Joshua Howard , an eccentric art collector. His niece and secretary, Judy , has her doubts that Richard is the footman he pretends to be. In reality he is Lord Brent, brother of one of Judy's suitors, the Marquis of Borechester . He went to America to sell some old paintings to restore the family fortunes but on the way back receives a message that the cheque he was given for the paintings is invalid. He decides to hide until he can save enough money to return to America, and assumes the identity of a footman. He and Judy fall in love, and as he is about to return to America they discover that the purchaser's cheque is valid after all."] ['Axel Nordstrom manages a glass-bottom boat tourist operation in the waters of Santa Catalina Island, California. His widowed daughter, Jennifer Nelson, occasionally helps by donning a mermaid\'s costume and swimming underneath his boat for the passengers\' amusement. One day, Jennifer accidentally meets Bruce Templeton when his fishing hook snags her costume. He reels in the bottom half of her mermaid costume, leaving the irate Jennifer floating in the water without pants. Jennifer later discovers that Bruce is the main manager of her part-time place of employment, an aerospace research laboratory. Mr. Templeton later sees Jennifer again at work and recognizes her, and with a hidden purpose, he hires her for a new full-time assignment: to be his "biographer" and to write his life story. His hidden purpose is to make an attempt to win Jennifer\'s affections. There is a problem. The laboratory\'s security chief, Homer Cripps, concludes that Jennifer is a Soviet spy, and to prove his suspicions, he has Jennifer surveilled. When she learns of the notion, Jennifer disproves the bumbling Cripps.'] [" Amélie Poulain  is a young woman who had grown up isolated from other children. After the death of her mother and her father's subsequent withdrawal, she developed an unusually active imagination to ward away the feelings of loneliness. Now at the age of twenty-three, Amélie is a waitress at Café des 2 Moulins, a small café in Montmartre that is staffed and frequented by a collection of eccentrics. Having spurned romantic relationships following a few disappointing efforts, she finds contentment in simple pleasures and letting her imagination roam free. On 31 August 1997, Amélie, shocked upon hearing the news of the death of Diana, Princess of Wales, on television, drops a bottle cap that knocks into a bathroom wall tile and loosens it. Behind the tile, she finds an old metal box of childhood memorabilia hidden by a boy who lived in her apartment decades earlier. Fascinated by this find, she resolves to track down the now adult man who placed it there and return it to him, making a promise to herself in the process: if she finds him and it makes him happy, she will devote her life to bringing happiness to others. Amélie meets her reclusive neighbour, Raymond Dufayel , a painter who continually repaints Luncheon of the Boating Party by Pierre-Auguste Renoir. He is known as 'the Glass Man' because of his brittle bone condition. With the help of him and others, she tracks down the former occupant and places the box in a phone booth, ringing the number as he passes to lure him there. Upon opening the box, the man, moved to tears, has an epiphany as long-forgotten childhood memories come flooding back. He then finds his way into the same bar as Amelie and vows to reconcile with his estranged family. On seeing the positive effect she had on him, she resolves from that moment on to do good in the lives of others. Amélie becomes a secret matchmaker and guardian angel, executing complex but hidden schemes that impact the lives of those around her, subtly. She escorts a blind man to the Metro station, giving him a rich description of the street scenes he passes. She persuades her father to follow his dream of touring the world by stealing his garden gnome and having a stewardess friend send pictures of it posing with landmarks from all over the world. She kindles a romance between a middle-aged co-worker and one of the customers in the bar. She convinces the unhappy concierge of her building that the husband who abandoned her had in fact sent her a final reconciliatory love letter just before his accidental death years before. She supports Lucien, a childlike young man who works for Mr. Collignon, the bullying neighborhood greengrocer; by playing practical jokes on Collignon, whose confidence she undermines until he questions his own sanity. However, while she is looking after others, Mr. Dufayel is observing her, and begins a conversation with her about his painting when she comes to visit him one day. Although he has copied the same famous painting dozens of times, he has never quite captured the excluded look of the girl drinking a glass of water. They often discuss the meaning of this character, and although it is never explicitly stated, for Dufayel, she comes to represent Amélie and her lonely life. Through their discussions, Amélie is forced to examine her own life and her attraction to a quirky young man who strangely collects the discarded photographs from passport photo booths. When she accidentally bumps into him a second time and realizes she is smitten, she is fortunate to be on the scene to pick up his photo album when he drops it in the street. She discovers his name is Nino Quincampoix, and she plays a cat and mouse game with him around Paris before eventually anonymously returning his treasured album. However, after finally attempting to orchestrate a proper meeting, she is too shy to approach him, and almost loses hope when she misinterprets a conversation with one of the café's patrons. It takes Raymond Dufayel's insightful friendship to give her the courage to overcome her shyness and finally meet with Nino, resulting in a night spent together and the beginnings of a relationship."] ['Undercover cop Nick Dunbar\'s  brother Matt  is accused of killing his teacher, Mr. Bradwood  at Adlai Stevenson High School. Nick loses his temper with Hechtor , the detective in charge, and gets suspended. Nick\'s partner Ed  pretends to be Nick\'s dad to enroll him as a student. Matt gives Nick pointers to get people to talk to him. Nick deals with bullies, girls with crushes on him, teachers & staff who range from quirky to bizarre, and a teacher, Robin Torrence , to whom he is attracted who thinks he\'s a teen. The turning point in his popularity  happens in the classroom metaphor scene, in which e.e. cummings\' poem She Being Brand New, is used in its entirety. The character Renard , who had a large part in the script but was mostly edited out of the film, makes his only appearance in this scene. Along the way, Nick and Ed narrow the probable motives down to jealousy (Bradwood was trading grades for sex with Dawn-Marie Zeffer , the girlfriend of Kyle Kerns  or self-preservation . Nick\'s identity is discovered by Jane Melway , one of the con artist\'s gang, and it all comes to a head at the Pagan May Fest . Nick and Ed find out that they are probably on the wrong track - Chet Butler , one of the gang\'s members is missing and an emotional confession from Melway points to Butler as the murderer - not to stop the blackmail, but because Bradwood was engaged to Melway, with whom Butler used to have an affair and whom he still loves. Bradwood also found the love letters in which Butler claims to have killed Melway\'s husband. Butler appears and implicates himself with words and actions. A chase ensues, ending with Nick being cornered finding the evidence that cements Butler\'s guilt. Nick is saved twice in quick succession, once by a schoolmate\'s opportune distraction, and once by an excellent shot of Ed\'s at the perfect time. Nick makes a date with Robin Torrence, who now knows he is an adult, and the real-estate scammers are arrested. Hector looks very foolish. Matt is released from jail and can\'t wait to get back to school. An interesting character in the movie is called "Deaf Jeff". He is a high student played by newcomer James D. Parker, Jr., and is a specialist in the art of origami.'] [" Carrie walks through the streets of New York City thinking about events that has happened to her and her friends during Sex and the City. Charlotte is now living a happy marriage with Harry Goldenblatt, but she had a hard time getting pregnant, so they adopted a girl named Lily; Miranda has settled down in Brooklyn with Steve  to raise their son Brady together; and Samantha has relocated her business to Los Angeles to be close to Smith ([[Jason Lewis , who is now a superstar, although she misses her old life and takes every opportunity to fly East to be with Carrie, Miranda, and Charlotte. Carrie herself is now in a relationship with Big , and they are viewing apartments with plans to move in together. Carrie falls in love with a penthouse far from their price range. Big immediately agrees to pay for it. Carrie offers to sell her own apartment, although she also voices her fear that she would have no legal rights to their home in case they seperate, as they are not married. To quell her fears, Big suggests that they marry. Carrie announces the news to her friends. Charlotte hires her a wedding planner. Miranda confesses to her friends that she has been so busy she hasn’t had sex with Steve in six months. When Steve confesses he has cheated on her, Miranda is devastated and immediately separates from him. At Carrie and Big's rehearsal dinner, Steve tries to reconcile with Miranda, but she rebuffs him. Still upset with Steve, she tells Big bluntly that marriage ruins everything. On the wedding day, Big is too fearful to go through with the ceremony. Carrie, devastated, flees the wedding. Samantha stays behind to clear the guests. Big changes his mind and catches up with Carrie in an attempt to reconcile. Carrie furiously attacks him with her bouquet while he earns scathing looks from Miranda and Charlotte. To console Carrie, the four women take the honeymoon that Carrie had booked to Mexico, where they de-stress and collect themselves. Upon returning to New York, Carrie hires an assistant, Louise , to help her manage her life. Miranda eventually confesses to Carrie about what happened at the rehearsal dinner, and the two briefly fall out. After reflecting on the argument she had with Carrie, Miranda agrees to attend couples counseling with Steve, and they are eventually able to reconcile. Samantha finds her five-year-old relationship humdrum and begins over-eating to keep from cheating on Smith. She eventually realizes that she needs to put herself first, so she says farewell to Smith and moves back to New York. Around the same time, Louise quits her job as Carrie's assistant to get married. Charlotte learns she is pregnant, and for several months is fearful that something might happen to her baby. Carrie put her fear to rest. Later, Charlotte has a surprise encounter with Big that leaves her so outraged that her water breaks. Big takes her to the hospital and waits until baby Rose is born, hoping to see Carrie. Harry passes on the message that Big would like her to call him, and that he has written her frequently, but never received a reply. Carrie searches her correspondence and finds that he has sent her dozens of letters copied from the book she read him before their wedding, culminating with one of his own where he apologizes for screwing them up and promises to love her forever. Carrie travels to the house Big had bought for them to collect a pair of Manolo Blahnik shoes she had left there. She finds Big in the walk-in closet he had built for her, and the moment she sees him, her anger at his betrayal dissipates. They share a passionate kiss, and Big proposes to Carrie properly, using one of her diamond-encrusted shoes in place of a ring. They later marry alone, in a simple wedding in New York City Hall, with Carrie wearing a simple dress. Miranda, Samantha, and Charlotte turns up to surprise Carrie. The film ends with the four women sipping cosmopolitans, celebrating Samantha's fiftieth birthday, with Carrie making a toast to the next fifty."] ["Constructed as a series of chapters that take place at a turning point in each character's life, the story moves from seven years in the past to three years to two and finally arrives in the present day. Emily Friehl and Oliver Martin's first encounter is on a flight from Los Angeles to New York City, during which they join the mile high club. He has hopes of becoming an Internet entrepreneur and, certain of his future success, gives her his phone number and suggests she call him in six years to see if his prediction came true. Three years later, facing the prospect of spending New Year's Eve alone, Emily finds Oliver's number and calls him, and the two meet for dinner. Thus starts a series of reunions with the passing of time, as each drifts in and out of relationships with others, Oliver and his business partner Jeeter start an on-line diaper service, and Emily becomes a successful photographer. Each time they meet, one appears to be settled and content while the other is struggling to make headway in both life and career. Eventually they come to the realization that each is exactly the person the other one needs for fulfillment."] ['The movie is set in Moscow during the late 1950s and the late 1970s. The plot centers on three young women who come to Moscow from smaller towns: Katerina, Lyudmila, and Antonina. They are placed together in a university dormitory apartment and eventually become friends. Katerina  strives to earn her degree and also works hard at a factory. She is asked to house-sit an apartment for her well-to-do Moscow relatives while they are away on a trip, and Lyudmila  convinces her to throw a dinner party at the apartment and pretend that they are the daughters of a rich professor, as a ploy to meet successful Muscovite men. At the party, each young woman meets a man who is destined to change her life. Lyudmila meets Sergei, a famous hockey player. Antonina meets Nikolai, a reserved but kind young man. Katerina meets Rudolf , a smooth talker who works as a cameraman for a television channel. He eventually forces himself on Katerina, resulting in her becoming pregnant. Upon discovering that Katerina does not actually come from a rich professor\'s family, Rudolf refuses to marry her or acknowledge the child as his own. Rudolf\'s mother tells Katerina to stop bothering her son and offers her money, which Katerina refuses. This leaves Katerina alone with the baby. The movie shows Katerina with tears in her eyes setting her alarm clock in a dormitory where she just arrived after bearing her daughter, Alexandra , then takes a 20-year leap forward in time. Katerina is then shown waking up to the sound of an alarm clock in her own apartment. She is still single, but she had gone from being a down on her luck student to becoming the executive director of a large factory. She has a lover, an older married man named Volodya , but she is left feeling empty by the affair. Despite her career success, Katerina seems unfulfilled and weighed down by a deep sadness. She is still close friends with Lyudmila and Antonina. After the party, Lyudmila had seduced and married Sergei, but shortly after he quit playing hockey and became an alcoholic. Antonina also married, and alone among the three friends found happiness with her husband, Nikolai, with whom she had three children. One evening when Katerina is returning home from Antonina\'s dacha in the countryside on an elektrichka train, she meets a man named Gosha . Soon afterward they start seeing each other. As their romance begins, Rudolf unexpectedly reenters Katarina\'s life. He is part of a news crew that arrives at Katerina\'s factory to do a report on the factory\'s success at exceeding the production quota. He does not recognize his ex-lover at first but when he does, he wants to make amends and meet his daughter. Katerina lets him know that she does not want to see him again. But Rudolf shows up uninvited at her apartment one evening when Katerina is having dinner with Gosha and Alexandra. It is an awkward scene. Rudolf tells Gosha and Alexandra about the interview. At that moment, Gosha finds out that Katerina is a factory director and realizes that her salary must be larger than his own. Coming from a society where many men relished their role as the breadwinners of the family, Gosha finds his pride wounded, becomes upset, and leaves in a huff. For several days, Gosha disappears from Katerina\'s life, no longer visiting or returning her calls. Katerina becomes frantic. Her former dormitory roommates gather in her apartment and decide to help. Nikolai , the husband of Antonina, sets out to find Gosha. He finds him drinking and, after getting drunk with him, he convinces Gosha to return to Katerina. The final scene of the movie is set in the kitchen of Katerina\'s flat. Gosha eats at the table. Katerina watches him with tears in her eyes. Gosha asks "What\'s wrong?" Katerina replies: "I have been looking for you for so long". After a moment of thought, Gosha says: "eight days." Katerina says "No," and repeats, "I have been looking for you for so long," implying that Gosha is the first decent man she has met since that fateful dinner party twenty years ago.'] ["The film is set in London in June, 1911. George V will be crowned king on 22 June and in the preceding days many of the most important dignitaries arrive. Among those arriving are King Nicholas of Carpathia and the regent, Prince Charles. The British government realises the succession in Carpathia is critical to the rising tension in Europe and to gain favour with them would be wise. They find it necessary to pamper the royals during their stay in London, and thus civil servant Northbrook is detached to their service. Northbrook decides to take the Prince Regent out to the musical performance The Coconut Girl. During the interval the Prince Regent is taken backstage to meet the cast. He is particularly uninterested in engaging with the male actors and extremely interested only in the physical charms of Elsie Marina, one of the performers, and sends a formal written invitation for her to meet him at the embassy for supper. Elsie arrives at the embassy and is soon joined by the Prince Regent, a stiff, pompous but powerful fool. She expects a party but quickly realises the Prince's true intentions -- to seduce her. She was previously persuaded not to leave early by Northbrook, who promised to provide an excuse for her to escape. While Elsie is there for love, the Prince has other ideas. He is inept at romance, however, and turns his back on her to take a phone call. He then makes a clumsy pass at her, to which she's accustomed from men and immediately rebuffs. She pointedly explains how inept he is at romance and the Prince then changes his tactics. The two eventually kiss and Elsie admits she may be falling in love, but she passes out from the many drinks he has encouraged her to consume. The Prince places her in an adjoining bedroom to stay the night. The following day, Elsie overhears a conversation concerning the young Nicolas' plotting with the German embassy to overthrow his father. Promising not to tell, Elsie then meets the Dowager Queen, the prince's mother-in-law, who decides she should join them for the coronation in place of her lady-in-waiting. The ceremony passes and Elsie refuses to tell the Prince Regent details of the treasonous plot. During the Coronation Ball  she persuades Nicholas to draw up a contract in which he confesses his and the Germans' intent, but only if the Prince agrees to a general election. The Prince Regent is impressed and realizes that he has fallen in love with Elsie. The morning after the Coronation Ball, Elsie irons out the differences between father and son. Her honesty and sincerity have inspired the prince finally to show love to his son in private, rather than only affecting it in public. The next day, the Carpathians must leave to return home. The Prince Regent had planned to have Elsie join them; in eighteen months' time, his regency will be over and he will be a free citizen. She reminds him that that is also the length of her music-hall contract. They both realize that much can happen in eighteen months and say goodbye. The ending is ambiguous, left up to the viewer to decide if they will meet again in 18 months time."] ["Jason Steele is an actor who plays a doctor on TV. He is so convincing at it, women of all kinds won't leave him alone. His poker buddies are envious, but his fiancee, art teacher Melissa, isn't happy in the least. But she is eventually able to keep Jason's attention by demonstrating a pretty good bedside manner of her own."] ['Stanley Moon  is a dissatisfied introverted young man who works in a Wimpy\'s restaurant and admires, from afar, the waitress Margaret . Despairing of his unrequited infatuation, he is in the process of an incompetent suicide attempt, when he is interrupted by the Devil himself, incarnated as George Spiggott . Spiggott is in a contest with God, trying to be the first to gather 100 billion souls. If he achieves this first, he will be readmitted to Heaven. In return for his soul, Spiggott offers Stanley seven wishes. Stanley consumes these opportunities in trying to satisfy his lust for Margaret, but Spiggott twists his words to frustrate any consummation of desire. On the last occasion, he reincarnates Stanley as a nun in a convent: whilst being specific about nearly every other aspect of the wish, he has forgotten to specify his gender and vocation, and Spiggott mischievously takes full advantage of that. Spiggott fills the time between these episodes with acts of minor vandalism and petty spite, incompetently assisted by the personification of the seven deadly sins, notably Lust  and Envy . Meanwhile, Margaret finds the noose from Stanley\'s suicide attempt, as well as his suicide note, and accompanies a police inspector looking for signs of Stanley\'s corpse. The police inspector also seems to be interested in seducing Margaret, and is dismayed by Margaret\'s sudden interest in Stanley after his disappearance. He is a largely amoral character who searches for evidence of Stanley\'s suicide only so he can seduce Margaret. Ultimately, Spiggott spares Stanley eternal damnation out of pity , and Stanley returns to his old job, wiser and more clear-sighted. Spiggott then goes to Heaven to meet God, but is rejected again, and St Peter explains that when he gave Stanley back his soul, Spiggott did the right thing for the wrong motive . In the closing scene, Stanley and Margaret are back in the restaurant. Stanley asks her out, but she says she has plans. Spiggott tries to entice Stanley again, but Stanley turns him down. Spiggott leaves and threatens revenge on God by unleashing all the tawdry and shallow technological curses of the modern age: :"All right, you great git, you\'ve asked for it. I\'ll cover the world in Tastee-Freez and Wimpy Burgers. I\'ll fill it full of concrete runways, motorways, aircraft, television and automobiles, advertising, plastic flowers and frozen food, supersonic bangs. I\'ll make it so noisy and disgusting that even you\'ll be ashamed of yourself. No wonder you\'ve so few friends — you\'re unbelievable!"  # Stanley wishes to be more "articulate". George turns him into a talkative and somewhat pretentious intellectual with an exaggerated Welsh accent. Margaret becomes an equally pretentious character, and enthusiastically agrees with all of Stanley\'s beliefs. They visit the zoo, where they encounter George collecting donations for "the Society for the Advancement of Depraved Criminals". Then they catch the bus back to Stanley\'s apartment. Stanley discusses Freud and Rousseau with Margaret, and, with the intent of seducing her, stresses the importance of breaking free from one\'s social and moral constraints. When Stanley makes his move, however, she is horrified and starts screaming \'rape\', revealing that all the talk was only ego-preening. # In this wish, Stanley is a "multi-millionaire" and Margaret is his "very physical" wife. But, it turns out she is "very physical" with anyone BUT him . . . including George. # In the third wish, Stanley is a rock star, singing out passionately for affection. However, his fame is short lived, and is usurped by a newcomer called "Drimble Wedge and the Vegetations"  who sings drably about his disinterest in anyone except himself. Margaret is a vapid and excitable groupie. Probably a parody of the British Psychedelia movement and artists like Syd Barrett. # Stanley literally becomes a fly on the wall in a morgue, where the inspector is showing Margaret various dead bodies, hoping that she will identify one as Stanley. Stanley is injured by a can of fly spray, and exits the wish after some difficulty in blowing a raspberry. # George promises Stanley a wish where he has a quiet life in the countryside, with children playing in the front yard of his house, and Margaret making the anniversary dinner. It soon becomes apparent, however, that Margaret is actually George\'s wife. While deeply in love, even the attempt to consummate their affection drives both Stanley and Margaret into emotional agony. # Stanley attempts to dictate a wish that George cannot ruin, and wishes that he and Margaret were two pious people who lived in isolation from the "false glitter" of the big city and would always be together. However, because Stanley doesn\'t specify the gender he wants to be in the wish, George turns him into a nun named Sister Luna , a Sisters of the Order of Saint Beryl, or Leaping Beryllians, who glorify their founder by jumping on trampolines . # It is revealed that Stanley has already wished for his seventh wish. Before signing the contract, George offers him any wish to prove that he is the Devil. Stanley wishes for a Frobisher and Gleeson Raspberry Ice lolly. However, he is unaware that this counts as a wish until he is unable to escape his sixth wish.'] ["Rahul  is sincere and hardworking whilst Karan  is just the opposite. Both are best friends & cool wannabes. When the city is rocked with a series of rape & killings & the police are in search of this dreaded Serial Killer, things take a funny turn. Rahul becomes the prime suspect and this sets the police on their trail. The job of nabbing Rahul is entrusted to a violent lady Inspector called Urmila Martodkar  who enters Rahul's life on a pretext, and tries to seduce him into showing his true nature. After a roller coaster ride of mistaken identities & comedy of errors, the film reaches its crescendo when the police are on the verge of arresting Rahul as the rapist and Karan is about to wed Kiran, his boss's ex, at the temple, not knowing that she is a transvestite."] ['Country girl Loretta Dalrymple  arrives in New York City and gets a job as a chambermaid in a luxurious hotel, the same hotel in which con man "Click" Wiley ([[Pat O\'Brien  and his photographer partner Ed Olsen  are three weeks in arrears. Desperate to avoid being evicted by the assistant manager, Mr. Yates , Click has Ed make a composite photograph by combining the best features of several renowned Hollywood beauties and enters the resulting fake under the name "Dawn Glory" in a nationwide beauty contest for the $2500 prize. Dawn Glory wins. Bingo Nelson , a pilot famous for performing crazy stunts, immediately falls in love when he spots the photograph in his friend Click\'s suite. After heroically flying to Alaska through a blizzard to deliver serum for some sick children, he proposes to Dawn Glory on national radio. As a result, reporters clamor to interview the woman, putting Click in a tough spot. Slattery  of the Express is particularly persistent, digging up Click\'s checkered past to try to blackmail him into giving him an exclusive interview. Finally, Click is about to admit the truth when Ed\'s girlfriend Gladys Russell  discovers Loretta trying on a dress delivered for Miss Glory. Earlier in the day, Loretta had splurged and gotten her hair styled as in the photograph. Gladys and Ed pass off Loretta as Dawn. Soon, advertising endorsements and royalties make Click and Ed a lot of money. Simeon Hamburgher , president of Nemo Yeast, the beauty contest\'s sponsor, hires Bingo to fly over the city and tout Miss Glory\'s endorsement of his product over a loudspeaker. His bitter rival, J. Horace Freischutz , orders his assistant Joe Bonner  to arrange a meeting somehow with Dawn, so he can try to persuade her to sign with him. Bonner pays thugs Petey  and Blackie  to kidnap her. After Petey learns that Dawn is really an impostor, he and his partner decide to blackmail Click instead. Click agrees to pay them off if they will kidnap Bingo, a persistent nuisance who keeps trying to talk to Dawn. Gladys, jealous of a possible rival for Ed\'s affections, suggests they take Dawn instead. Petey is dazzled by Dawn\'s beauty, so he does. However, Bingo tracks them down and rescues her. She agrees to marry him and announces it to everyone from the skies over New York.'] ["Ben Holmes  is a 'blurb' writer — responsible for writing the short introductions on the sleeves of hardcover books. On his way to Savannah, Georgia for his wedding with Bridget , he's already nervous about flying. His nerves aren't helped when he's seated next to Sarah , a free–spirit person who seems to get on his nerves. On takeoff, a bird flies into one of the engines, causing a flameout. Now afraid to fly, he reluctantly agrees to travel with Sarah, who also needs to get to Savannah within a few days. During the course of their trip, things seem to keep happening to prevent them from getting to their destination — from being on the wrong car of a train, to getting caught in various thunderstorms. However, Ben is impressed by Sarah's easy spirit, and starts to feel a connection with her. As they get closer to their destination, Ben starts to wonder if he's making the right choice in getting married to Bridget, or if he should just let fate take him with Sarah, who has a secret of her own."] ['Ex-convict Bobby Ogden  is trying to get his life straight and his career going as a country and western singer. Bobby shows off some of his tunes to Nashville star Garland Dupree . However, Dupree uses one his songs "Outlaw Blues" for himself with no credit to Bobby. Bobby confronts Dupree and when Dupree pulls a gun on him, he accidentally shoots himself in the ensuing struggle. Of course, Dupree tells everyone that Bobby shot him. Now Bobby\'s on the run, with only Dupree\'s recently fired back up singer Tina Waters  believing him. The pair flee together, as Bobby becomes an underground hero who is accepted as the man who actually wrote the hit, while being put on the law enforcement\'s most wanted list.'] ["Sivaraman , an unemployed man, comes to Mumbai to find a job. Unfortunately he loses all his certificates but happens to find Govindan Kutty ([[Mukesh , who also is a jobless man  wandering in Mumbai. They try to get visa from a travel agency but find themselves no way to gather such massive amount. Circumstances lead Sivaraman and Govindan Kutty to participate in a bank robbery planned by Thomas  and his gang - his stammering brother Tyootty  and Alina  - which puts them in more trouble as the robbery ends in vain when they hit Pothuval ([[Innocent . Alina secretly informs the police about the robbery and says that the entire plan was executed by Thomas. Thomas, before getting arrested, successfully hides the money, and the place is kept secret except to his lawyer, Nambeeshan . Alina fakes to be in love with Nambeeshan to find the place where the money is hidden. Meanwhile, to find a safe cover Sivaraman and Govindan Kutty plan to impersonate Kunjunni, the grandson of a rich but elderly couple, Thampuran  and his wife Sethu . They haven't seen their grandchild since his childhood. Confusion leads Sivaraman and Govindankutty end up disguising with the body of Govindan Kutty and the voice of Sivaraman to make up for Kunjunni in front of the blind couple.{{cite web}} Pothuval, who knows Govindan Kutty before, makes several attempts to make the old man learn the truth, but all of them fail knowingly or unknowingly much to the luck of the Sivaraman and Govindankutty. While successfully carrying on, they are interrupted by Radhika Menon who disguises herself as the lover of Kunjunni. She calls on all the relatives of the couple by mocking them. The relatives arrive in the absence of Sivaraman. Finding no-way out Govindan Kutty pretends to have fainted unconscious and he gets admitted to the hospital. Sivaraman comes to his rescue and says that he is Dr. Gopalakrishnan, a friend of Kunjunni from America. After many successful escapades during their drama, Govindankutty tries to steal the Lord Krishna statue for which he plays a cruel trick by placing a wooden stool in the staircase to injure the old woman which keeps all others out of the house for sometime. Sivaraman engages in a fight with Govindankutty when he tries to leave with the statue he had stolen. The old man accuses his relatives for the accident and asks all his relatives to leave immediately. Sivaraman and Govindankutty gets desperate as the date for the visa payment was nearing. Radhika gives them the money for the visa and asks them to leave the house. She also reveals that she is Kunjunni's actual lover and tells them that Kunjunni has died in America in an accident and she had come to inform this. Sivaraman and Govindankutty accept the money and leave the house. Upon leaving, they come to know that the visa agency was a fake. Having lost all their resources, Govindan Kutty plans to start some new business with the money they have. Sivaraman disagrees to take the money and asks Govindan Kutty not to take the money which they had got for cheating on the innocent old couple. Govindankutty leaves Sivaraman in anger taking the money with him. Sivaraman returns to the old man and confesses all his mistakes. The old man asks them to continue the drama in front of his wife Sethu, who loves her grandson above all. Sethu calls on Kunjunni but she gets no replies but finally gets hold of Govindan Kutty's arms who has returned in remorse. In the closing scene it is shown that Thomas and Tyootty started a new hambug, Nambeeshan has gone back to his native place and has started farming, his ex-wife  gets married to an younger man, Pothuval started an anti-alcohol society, and the plans of Alina were unknown."] ['Peter Sanderson  is a workaholic tax attorney corresponding with an online friend known only as "lawyer-girl". On their first blind date, Peter learns that "lawyer-girl" is Charlene Morton , a wrongfully convicted bank robber claiming her innocence who wants Peter\'s help in getting the charges dropped. Peter also must deal with Virginia Arness , an eccentric English billionaire, to bring her business to his firm, as well as competitive colleagues and bosses. His neighbor, Mrs. Kline , who happens to be a sister of one of the senior partners, is a nosy bigot. Peter attempts to juggle these issues as well as reconcile with his ex-wife  and children .'] ["Walter Davis  allows his brother, Ted , to set him up on a blind date with his wife's cousin, Nadia . Nadia is shy and the two experience some awkwardness. However, as the evening goes on, Nadia begins to drink and behave in a wild manner.  To make matters worse, Nadia's jealous ex-boyfriend, David , exacerbates the situation by stalking the couple all night. Walter ends up driven insane by Nadia's mishaps, wreaking havoc at a party and getting arrested after menacing David with a mugger's revolver. He even forces David to do a moonwalk before firing at the frightened man's feet. Nadia posts $10,000 in bail and agrees to marry David if he will help Walter avoid prison time. Before the wedding, Walter gives Nadia chocolates filled with brandy. Walter attempts to stop the wedding. Chaos ensues."] ['In New York City, George Petty  tries to convince car manufacturer B. J. Manton to use pretty women to help advertise his dreary new car model. He is not succeeding when Manton\'s daughter, the often-married Mrs. Connie Manton Dezlow , interrupts the business meeting, takes a liking to the handsome young artist, and makes herself his patron. Soon, she has furnished him with a lavish apartment, complete with a butler named Beardsley . She also talks him into abandoning his cheesecake paintings in favor of more respectable portraits. Meanwhile, Victoria Braymore , the youngest professor at Braymore College, attends a conference in New York to defend the school against charges that it is outdated and old-fashioned. She has led a sheltered life, raised by the older professors after the death of her parents , and is only allowed to go with a chaperone, her friend Dr. Crutcher . George meets Victoria in an art museum. She resists his attempts to become better acquainted, but finally agrees to dinner, provided he finds a date for Dr. Crutcher. Desperate, he gets Beardsley to pretend to be his uncle Ben. The dinner is a disaster; Beardsley gets drunk, Dr. Crutcher thinks she is George\'s date, and Victoria is distant. Finally, George decides to leave, when Victoria surprises him by accompanying him to a nightclub frequented by artists. When a drink is spilled on her dress, she goes to the powder room, where the attendant offers to iron it. However, the police raid the establishment; in the rush of escaping people, Victoria ends up getting arrested dressed only in her slip. Her picture is published on the front page of the newspaper. When she gets out of jail, she cuts short her trip and returns to Braymore. George follows her and gets a job as a busboy at the faculty residence. Using the newspaper photograph, he blackmails her into going out with him. Their first two "dates" end badly. Then, when he has her sneak out to pose for a painting in his room, she is seen by nosy Professor Whitman , who misinterprets the situation. Though the other professors are inclined to leniency, Victoria cheerfully quits, finally agreeing with George\'s view that she is being stifled there. Victoria goes to George\'s apartment, where she meets her rival for his affections, Mrs. Dezlow. She tries to persuade George that Mrs. Dezlow is doing the same thing to him that the professors did to her, namely molding him to satisfy her wishes and expectations, but he does not agree. Victoria then sneaks into the art museum and replaces one of the paintings with the one George painted of her in a bathing suit. The resulting publicity lands her a starring role in the burlesque. Embarrassed, George gets an injunction preventing her from performing as the "Petty Girl". Since the injunction only applies to public places, Victoria crashes the stuffy private party being given by Mrs. Dezlow to promote George. There, she, a male quartet, and twelve beautiful women , each representing a month, perform a musical number, much to the appreciation of B. J. Manton. The businessman changes his mind about George\'s initial proposal. George realizes Victoria is right, and they kiss and make up.'] ['Mickey Gordon is a professional basketball referee who flies to Paris to bury his father but is detained because his father\'s casket is missing. Ellen Andrews, an employee of American Airlines, assists Mickey in retrieving the lost casket. She attends the funeral and they fall in love in the streets of Paris, but are separated when Mickey has to go back to America after his leave of absence. They return to the reality of their normal lives, but cannot seem to forget Paris. Mickey and Ellen ultimately reunite and marry, but do not "live happily ever after" . They deal with common marriage issues such as: her father moving in with them, failed attempts at child conception, and each spouse unsuccessfully attempting a professional change to accommodate the other. The film is told mostly in flashback by friends of the couple who gather at a restaurant. It delves into the hardships of marriage and keeping the romance alive in a relationship.'] ["The film begins with 5-year-old Danny and his military father visiting a family friend's  house at Thanksgiving. When Grace goes into labor, Danny's father asks him to unwrap the umbilical cord from the baby. After a successful birth, Danny decides to himself that the baby girl born, Anna, is meant to be with him forever, and states that he will marry her. Twenty years later, Danny moves back to his hometown after his father dies. Homeless and jobless, Danny finds a cheap apartment owned by a bakery shop couple who offer him little jobs delivering cakes. During his first delivery, Danny gets lost and stops at Grace's for directions. Nina, Anna's blind sister, opens the door and Danny sees Anna for the first time. Anna and Nina's family order a cake from the bakery and Danny immediately leaves to deliver it, hoping to see Anna, but crashes his bike into a car right outside the home, going unconscious. He awakes in Grace's house to meet Anna's entire family -- Billy , her brother, and Billy's mentally-distraught wife, Irene ([[Jane Adams , her father Richard , her sister Karen , and boyfriend Eric . He is invited to stay for dinner where he is given news of Anna's recent engagement to Eric. Danny later gets the job as a tiler/mosaic artist in a local museum. Danny soon confesses his love for Anna, asking her to run away and marry him. Anna rejects him kindly and rides away, with Danny chasing her. At a bookstore, Danny tells Eric he is in love with Anna. Grace remains ill with a bed nurse. Anna later becomes jealous of the love between Nina and her new boyfriend, and rushes to Danny's home. The two then sleep together. At Billy's house, Irene screams at Billy and points a gun at him because she believes he is having an affair. She quickly shoots at Billy, hitting his foot, and laughs as he tumbles in pain. Nina and Jesus have an informal elopement during the night. After returning home to tell her mother gleefully, Grace passes away in Richard's arms. Anna leaves Danny's apartment to tell her mother about her relationship with Danny only to find that she has died. At Grace's funeral, Anna says she already told Eric about their affair. Danny tells Anna he is leaving in a couple of days and says goodbye. That night, Eric announces he and Anna are going to Paris to get married. The next day, Nina tells Anna that she loves Danny, not Eric, and advises her to go after Danny. At the train station, Anna chases down Danny and begs him to take her with him. Danny says that it won't last. She holds up a regular coin and says if it lands heads, she may go with him. Without looking, he claims it's heads and the two kiss."] ['Joan Wilder  is a lonely romance novelist in New York City who receives a treasure map mailed to her by her recently-murdered brother-in-law. Her widowed sister, Elaine , calls Joan and begs her to come to Cartagena, Colombia, because Elaine has been kidnapped by bumbling antiquities smugglers Ira  and Ralph , and the map is to be the ransom. Hastily flying to Colombia, Joan is detoured from the rendezvous with Ralph by Colonel Zolo , the man who killed Elaine\'s husband. Joan ends up in the jungle and is almost killed by Zolo, but is saved by the swashbuckling American bird exporter Jack T. Colton . For getting her to Cartagena, Joan promises to pay Jack $375. Jack and Joan elude Zolo, who wants the treasure for himself and who chases them with military police, which he commands as a "private army". After spending a night hiding in a crashed marijuana smuggler\'s C-47 airplane, they encounter a drug lord named Juan , who is a big fan of Joan\'s novels and who helps them escape from Zolo. After a night of dancing and passion, Jack suggests to Joan that they find the treasure before handing over the map. They follow the clues and find the treasure: an enormous emerald called El Corazon . Unknown to Jack and Joan, their trail has been picked up by Ralph, who tries to take the emerald and taunts Joan that Jack would have done the same. But Ralph flees without the treasure when Zolo appears, and Jack and Joan are chased into a river and go over a waterfall. Jack and Joan end up on opposite sides of the raging river; Joan has the map, but Jack has the emerald. Jack directs Joan to Cartagena, promising that he will meet her there with the emerald, but she is skeptical, owing to Ralph\'s taunts. In Cartagena, Joan contacts Ira, but cannot find Jack. She meets with Ira and Ralph at their base  and makes the exchange. As Joan and Elaine attempt to leave, they are stopped by Zolo and his men, who have captured Jack. Zolo demands the emerald and threatens Joan with the crocodiles that Ira keeps as pets. To save Joan, Jack surrenders the hidden emerald to Zolo, but a crocodile bites off Zolo\'s hand and swallows it along with the emerald. As a furious gun battle takes place between Zolo\'s soldiers and Ira\'s gang, Joan and Elaine dash for safety, but they are pursued by the enraged Zolo. Jack tries to stop the crocodile from escaping but lets it go when he sees that Joan is in danger. Joan knocks Zolo into the crocodile pit, and Ira and his men escape, but Ralph is left behind as the authorities arrive. After a kiss, Jack dives into the water after the crocodile, leaving Joan behind with her sister. Some time later, Joan is back in New York City, delivering a new manuscript based on her adventure, and her publisher, Gloria , loves it. Returning home, she finds Jack waiting for her in a sailboat. He caught the crocodile  and had it made into a pair of boots, sold the emerald, and bought the boat he had told Joan was his dream. They go off together, planning to sail around the world.'] ["Lois Thornedyke, the daughter of a Pulitzer prize-winning journalist, writes a scandal column for a New York city tabloid. She gets a chance to upgrade her career when she uncovers a conspiracy reaching into city government at the same time she is being romanced by the city's Mayor. Lois and her quirky sidekicks pit naivete against evil and go undercover. Unfortunately, what they discover is not for publication... If the Perils of Pauline{{Disambiguation needed}} were set in a campy New York City with a dash of trash added in, Not for Publication would result, though the awful jokes and kinky characters are not going to be entertaining to everyone. Lois ([[Nancy Allen  is a reporter at a sleazoid newspaper, a paragon of yellow journalism that she is determined to turn back to its first incarnation as The New York Enforcer, a better paper. The not-so-good Mayor Franklyn  adopts Lois as his personal assistant when she bursts into his office one day and strongly advises him to cut the pressure to shut down porn shops or he will lose the vote of New York's youth. She hires a photographer ([[David Naughton  to work in the mayor's office, planning to use his skills for her tabloid paper -- but then a quirky menage à trois arises between the mayor, the photographer, and Lois. After some undercover sleuthing in Long Island -- and help from a host of unsavory characters like Senor Wopperico  and Troppogrosso  -- Lois connects the mayor to various robberies that have occurred in the city and thinks of a way to return the New York Enforcer to its heyday and handle the mayor at the same time."] ['Britney Brooks  is a woman whose profession is to \'break up\' with a significant other for people. One day she meets Rick , a charming gentleman who lures Britney into a relationship with his alluring looks and sly wit. She later discovers that he\'s the head of another break-up company and is stealing all her customers, which is putting her into debt. He dumps her using one of his staff who claims to be his best friend. Britney is outraged and heartbroken by the abrupt turn of events. She plots and schemes to put Rick out of business. Britney\'s sister  is a flirtatious woman who dumps men at the drop of a hat. Her last boyfriend, Mike , is saddened and distressed when Ashley gets Britney to break up with him for her. Mike teaches art to underprivileged children, and will be entering a mural competition soon. He claims that Ashley is his muse and without her he can only draw crap. He offers to pay Britney $10,000 if she can manage to get Ashley back for him. Britney hesitantly agrees after seeing her overdue bills and mortgage payments. She teaches him what kind of men Ashley likes. He must be unflappable, cool, and not care what others think of him. He must be rich, so Britney gets Mike to act rich. He must be tall, dark and handsome. Britney gives Mike an extreme make-over. He changes his fashion style, his hairstyle, and his attitude. He becomes cooler and more nonchalant around women. They arrange to "bump into" Ashley at a store and Mike pretends to be on a phone call. Ashley overhears and spins around to talk to him. He acts unflappable and doesn\'t falter as Britney gives him instructions through a hidden earphone. When Ashley seems impressed by his new look and attitude, Britney is overjoyed but causes Mike to crash into a clothing rack on his way out of the store because she squeals into her microphone. Britney then learns that Rick is dating Ashley. She tries to pull them apart, but Ashley is smitten with the rich, "endearing gentleman" he appears to be. Meanwhile, Britney\'s friends and now downsized ex-employers, Robyn  and Tiffany , are also plotting. They get jobs at Rick\'s company and pretend to work for him. They steal his client list and give it to Britney so she can win back her old customers. Britney realizes that her friends didn\'t betray her, and are now helping her win back their business. Britney slowly grows closer to Mike. They spend every day together as she coaches him, and they mope together about their broken hearts, eating snacks and watching TV. When Mike is finally ready, they arrange for him to be spotted by Ashley throughout the day, pretending to be oblivious to her. She finally catches up to him outside a dance club, but not before Britney and Mike share a kiss. In the end Mike and Britney get together when he realizes that Ashley is not his muse, but Britney is. He and the children win the mural competition, and Britney\'s business is back and better than ever. Britney changes her company name to "Love Rocks" and helps people find love as well as dump their boy/girlfriends. Rick\'s company falls apart. Then Britney breaks up with Rick for Ashley. He mutters, "LOVE BLOWS!"'] ['When wealthy newspaper publisher Judson M. Blair ([[Edward Arnold  divorces his wife Adele , Judge Cornelia C. Porter  awards Adele alimony of $4000 a month for five years or until she remarries. After learning from his lawyer, Northcott , that Porter refuses to hear an appeal, the furious Blair tries using his influence with her boss, Judge Graham , to have her transferred, but to no avail. Reporter Jeff Sherman , recently fired by Blair, offers a solution in exchange for a promotion, a raise, a bonus and an unlimited expense account. After trying to bargain, Blair gives in to all his demands. Sherman gets his manicurist girlfriend Dotty  to pretend to agree to marry him in a couple of months. He then sets out to romance the judge, intending to threaten her with an alienation of affection scandal to force her to reduce Blair\'s alimony burden. When Porter takes a two month vacation, Sherman follows along. Having researched her interests, Sherman pretends to be a sculptor. To obtain an artist\'s studio in the fully booked resort town where Porter is staying, Sherman persuades real sculptor Alexander Raoul  that Blair has offered him a commission to decorate his building. Sherman then starts working on Porter. She makes it very plain that she considers him a nuisance, but after much effort, he is able to win her love. To his dismay, however, he finds that he has fallen for her as well. When Porter runs into Raoul at Sherman\'s "studio", she learns about the scheme before Sherman can confess, and has both Blair and Sherman arrested. At their trial, Sherman acts as his own lawyer and calls Porter to the witness stand, where he asks her to marry him. Under questioning , she is forced to admit that she did love him at one point. A sympathetic judge Graham sentences the two men to a day in jail. Porter runs out in tears. When Sherman chases after her, he is knocked down. Believing he has been hurt, Porter rushes back to him, and they are reconciled. Meanwhile, Blair becomes irate when he discovers that after he got his ex-wife to agree to a lump sum settlement, she promptly married another wealthy magnate.'] ['New York newspaper reporter Wally Cook  tries to pass off an ordinary African-American  as an African nobleman hosting a charity event. Cook is demoted to writing obituaries. He begs his boss Oliver Stone  for another chance. Wally is sent to the  town of Warsaw, Vermont, to interview Hazel Flagg , a woman supposedly dying of radium poisoning. Cook finally locates Hazel, who is crying because her doctor has told her that she is not dying. Unaware of this, he invites her to New York as the guest of the Morning Star newspaper. The newspaper uses her story to increase its circulation. She receives a ticker tape parade and the key to the city, and becomes an inspiration to many. In addition, she and Wally fall in love. When it is finally discovered that Hazel is not really dying, city officials decide that it would be better to avoid embarrassment by having it seem that she committed suicide. Hazel and Wally get married and quietly set sail for the tropics.'] ["Kate and Henry are a happy couple. Henry proposed to Kate and they are about to be married, but on the day of their wedding, Kate is accidentally killed by an ice sculpture angel, because of the actions of the drunken ice sculptor . Unaware that she has died and her soul left her body, Kate awakens in Purgatory, and wastes precious time arguing with an angel who finally leaves before she can explain to Kate what she must do to move on. A year later, Henry's sister Chloe  hopes that he will find closure by consulting Ashley , a psychic who also runs a catering business with her gay best friend Dan . After an unsuccessful first meeting, Chloe gives Kate's diary to Ashley so that she can pretend to communicate with Kate and convince Henry to move on with his life. In the process, Henry and Ashley fall for each other... much to the consternation of Kate, who has been watching over Henry. When Kate voices her displeasure, Ashley hears her, unaware of what it means. Angry over Ashley's deception and uncertain of what she's supposed to do, Kate later encounters the ice sculptor, and discovers that he is also a ghost . He explains to her that they must deal with their unfinished business. Believing that her job is to protect Henry, Kate proceeds to harass Ashley . Using her ghostly abilities of intangibility, levitation, and auditory hallucination, Kate hopes to force Ashley to break up with Henry. Ashley persists, but then Henry discovers the fraud with the diary and breaks off the relationship. Despondent over the break-up, Ashley turns to Dan for solace, but is further distraught when Dan reveals that he is not gay and has been secretly been in love with her for years. Over time, however, Ashley and Dan eventually reconcile. After several months of watching Henry fall back into a depressed funk, Kate encounters the sculptor once more, who points out that if she had resolved her unfinished business, she would have moved on to Heaven by now. When the sculptor asks her what she really wants, Kate reluctantly admits that she only wants Henry to be happy... and realizes that he could be happy with Ashley. Then the sculptor reveals that Kate was his unfinished business and he had to get her to do the right thing before moving on, which he does. Kate first attempts to convince Ashley to get back together with Henry but Ashley doesn't believe her change of heart, and is preparing to fly to Las Vegas with Dan. In desperation, Kate finds she is able to talk to Henry through his pet parrot and gets him to meet Ashley at the airport. Realizing that Henry has forgiven her and that she has Kate's blessing, Ashley joyfully embraces with Henry. At their wedding, Ashley delays her walk down the aisle to sit briefly in the back pew, to promise Kate that she will strive to make Henry happy. Also at the wedding, Dan makes a new connection with Chloe. Now ready to move on, Kate arrives once more in Purgatory, and the angel is still reluctant to let her into Heaven."] ['In the spring of 1941, Al Woods quits an Oklahoma college to join the armed forces after a quarrel with his co-ed sweetheart, Jo. He joins the Coast Guard, partly by chance due to the flip of a coin. After boot training, Al is assigned to a buoy tender in Boston, the Periwinkle, as a ship\'s cook. He encounters immediate hostility from the chief of the galley, Red Wildoe, from new crew mates and cooks\' helpers Gutsell and Poznicki, and from his arrogant department head, Lieutenant Higgins. In a bar, Al picks up Stella, who appears to do this kind of thing with some regularity. They develop a strong attraction, but she seems to be holding out for something more. Harrison\'s Reports film review; September 27, 1958, page 155. He befriends Gutsell by fixing him up with a girlfriend of Stella\'s and learns from Wildoe how to be a cook, making a number of embarrassing mistakes. A frustrated Al stops seeing Stella, whereupon he and the alcoholic Wildoe get drunk together and bond. Wildoe begins seeing Stella with Al\'s blessing. Pearl Harbor is attacked and war declared. Wildoe abruptly proposes to Stella and they marry. A free-for-all breaks out at their wedding celebration, a jealous Al instigating a fight with soldiers who are clearly familiar with Stella already. Wildoe is assigned to another vessel performing convoy duty at sea. During this time, Stella begins seeing other men. Al tries to prevent this on Wildoe\'s behalf, but can\'t resist Stella himself. Aboard the Periwinkle, Al becomes the new chief cook. Higgins, promoted to executive officer, is entering lesser amounts than they pay for the cost of officers\' meals into the ledger of the ship\'s mess and pocketing the difference. He purchases substandard food for the crew to keep the mess budget from showing a deficit. Higgins also objects to finding Al\'s hair in his food, so Al shaves his scalp bald, earning the nickname "Onionhead." Assuming that all the officers are in on the scam, Al bypasses channels to report the theft to the District Office. During leave to attend his father\'s funeral, Al reconnects with Jo, realizing that she is the one he loves. In port again, Wildoe asks Al to take Stella home from the bar one night when he is recalled to his ship. Stella tries to seduce Al, who calls her a tramp. She replies: "I can\'t help what I am." The Periwinkle sinks a submarine in combat, with Al playing a major role, but his accusation of embezzlement impugns the honor of the innocent captain and exposes the ship to scandal at the board of investigation. Al declines to produce any proof of Higgins\' misdeeds in order to save their reputations, but privately slips the captain the proof. In a meeting with Al and the executive officer, the captain tells Al that his punishment for an unsubstantiated allegation against an officer is loss of his rating and reassignment to Greenland, but also informs Higgins that he will have to repay every embezzled dollar before his court-martial. He gently chastises Al for not having come to him with the proof earlier, but gives him leave to marry Jo before he ships out for Greenland.'] ['The film is about a Jewish man named Robert John  who falls in love with a wrestling princess Sandy and it\'s a "no holds barred" quest for her love, the Jewish man finds he has to fight for his love as Sandy\'s dad is also a wrestler who only wants his daughter to marry a famous wrestler, and not a Jewish man with little money and no muscles. Robert also has to deal with Roxanne  and Jennie  along with others out to get him.'] ['{{Plot}} Kirk Kettner  is a twenty-something TSA agent employed at the Pittsburgh International Airport along with his friends, fellow TSA agent Stainer , airline reservations agent Devon , and baggage handler Jack . Kirk has a poor track record with dating and is hoping to reconcile with his self-centered ex-girlfriend, Marnie , who despite having broken up with him two years earlier, and having since found a new boyfriend Ron , has remained close with Kirk\'s parents , brother Dylan , and pregnant sister-in-law-to-be Debbie . At work one morning, a beautiful girl, Molly McCleish , arrives at the passenger terminal to board a flight to New York City. While proceeding through the TSA security checkpoint, Molly\'s striking looks attract unwanted attention from several male TSA agents who try flirting with her awkwardly. Kirk is the only TSA agent to treat Molly courteously. Molly accidentally leaves her cellphone in the airport security area. Calling up her phone, Kirk answers and arranges a time to meet the following evening so that Kirk can return it. When Devon and Kirk arrive at the Andy Warhol Museum, where Molly, a lawyer-turned-event planner, is managing an event, Kirk collides with Molly\'s sister, Katie  and spills his drink on the museum director. Kirk takes the blame for the incident to protect Katie, after which a grateful Molly offers Kirk tickets to a Pittsburgh Penguins hockey game at the Mellon Arena. When Kirk and Stainer meet Molly and her friend Patty , who develops an immediate mutual loathing with Stainer , at the game, Kirk, still convinced Molly is not interested in him, assumes Molly meant to set him up with Patty, until Patty explicitly tells him of Molly\'s interest. The two begin to date after this, with Kirk confiding in her his dream of becoming a pilot someday, though Stainer predicts their relationship will fail as he deems Molly a "10" in a scale of attractiveness, and Kirk only a "5", telling him a girl he loved once broke up with him for this very reason. Patty, for her part, believes Molly had only chosen Kirk because he was a "safe" choice after being hurt by her last boyfriend, Air Force pilot Cam , who assumes Kirk is a waiter and attempts to order drinks from Kirk when they first meet. Molly then invites herself to Kirk\'s family lunch, where she charms his family and even Ron after highly intimidating the men of the house with her looks. Molly\'s attentions to Kirk stir jealousy in Marnie, who feels upstaged by Molly\'s attractiveness, and takes a sudden interest in Kirk again. After returning to Molly\'s apartment, Kirk ejaculates prematurely in his pants when things start to heat up, just as Molly\'s parents  arrive for a surprise visit. Desperate to conceal the stain on his pants, Kirk seems discourteous by avoiding to stand up and shake hands, and quickly leaves Molly\'s apartment. Molly grows cool to Kirk after this, believing he fled to avoid meeting her parents. At Jack\'s urging, Kirk admits the true reasons for his leaving, and their relationship resumes. During a date, Kirk suggests to Molly that she throw a birthday party for Katie . Kirk is troubled, however, when Molly is intentionally vague about Kirk\'s line of work to her parents. To add to his troubles, Molly\'s macho ex boyfriend Cam shows up & messes with Kirk by deliberately alluding to Molly having some sort of "defect". After the party, both of them go back to Molly\'s apartment & make out where Kirk discovers Molly\'s "defect" is slightly webbed toes, which Kirk considers so minor that he decides that she is indeed too perfect for him. Molly is upset that Kirk felt he could only be with her if something was wrong with her. After telling Kirk that Molly and Cam had broken up because of his own insecurities, with him even cheating on her, she admits she had indeed asked him out because she considered him safe. Kirk leaves and later resumes his relationship with Marnie, planning on a family trip to Branson. Stainer and Patty realize their mistake in telling Kirk and Molly it wouldn\'t work out; Stainer tells Kirk that he is a "10" too. They pull Kirk off his plane as the aircraft prepares to depart to Branson as he tries to leave with his family and Marnie, while Patty brings Molly to the airport. Kirk rejects Marnie during an unorthodox airport pursuit and happily reunites with Molly after she professes her feelings for him. Later, as a surprise, Kirk takes Molly on a trip in a small plane, with him as pilot; he has taken flying lessons and achieved his goal.'] ["Wong Cho-Lam stars as Jack Lam, a self-employed stock trader who keeps his fortune amidst the 2008 financial tsunami, but loses his gold-digging girlfriend Lily . Now without a main squeeze, Jack meets the helpful and super-cute Angel , who advises him that he should learn to help others instead of just helping himself. The idea is that a revamped, selfless outlook on life will lead Jack to newfound success with love. Jack agrees to become a good guy, whereupon his life does a 180 and he's showered with opportunities for love, Jack does get plenty of chances with the ladies, but everything seems to happen arbitrarily and not necessarily because he turns over a new leaf...."] ["Set in a drought-ridden rural town in the West in Depression era America, the film tells the story of a pivotal hot summer day in the life of spinsterish Lizzie Curry. Lizzie keeps house for her father and two brothers on the family cattle ranch. As their farm languishes under the devastating drought, Lizzie's family worries about her marriage prospects more than about their dying cattle. Even the town sheriff, File, for whom she harbors a secret yen, will not take a chance on plain Lizzie. The arrival of a charming con man named Starbuck, promising to bring rain in exchange for $100, sets off a series of events which enable Lizzie to see herself in a new light."] ['After two years of college abroad, Gidget returns to Santa Monica. She discovers that the letters she wrote to her boyfriend Jeff, intended to make him jealous, have backfired, and her attempts to patch things up with him are rebuffed. Inspired by a speech she hears on television made by the United States Ambassador to the United Nations, she hops a bus to New York City to work for the United Nations. She meets the Ambassador, who finds her a job, but because she has only two years of college education, the best position the United Nations will offer her is tour guide. She meets and has a fling with Alex MacLaughlin, an Australian Agronomist who finds her and two of her fellow employees an inexpensive Greenwich Village apartment, managed by the eccentric Louis B. Latimer, a grown child actor has-been attempting a comeback as an independent film director. Gidget has a number of comical and romantic adventures before being reunited with former boyfriend Jeff.'] ['Martin Lawrence stars as nightclub manager Darnell, a perpetual playboy and hopeless male chauvinist. Darnell is a crude-but-smooth talker and lady\'s man who doesn\'t take no for an answer. He works for a nightclub called Chocolate City and aspires to be its owner. He trades VIP privileges at the club for favors from women. Though he is an expert at conning women, he sometimes worries about what his childhood sweetheart Mia  thinks of his adventures. When the classy, elegant Brandi  steps out of a limousine to enter the club, Darnell feels that he\'s met his ultimate prize. She rejects his come-ons, which only fuels his appetite. He pursues her, showing up with flowers at her real estate office. He finally wins over Brandi, only to find out that he\'s really in love with Mia. But Brandi doesn\'t take kindly to rejection, and becomes an obsessed femme fatale stalking him, even taking all four wheels off his SUV to ground him from his rounds. Ending his relationship with Mia is not enough to satisfy Brandi, who finally administers Darnell\'s punishment for his misogyny. Darnell quickly learns the hard way that when you "play", you have to "pay." The film ends much like the last verse of the song A Thin Line Between Love and Hate, with an injured Darnell in hospital pondering over what happened to him and deciding to change, and a mugshot of Brandi and Darnell\'s voice saying "Damn I\'m truly sorry about what happened to Brandi I hope po\' baby lands on her feet, but they better make damn sure they fix that dent in her heart before they let her out".'] ['Sir Alfred de Carter  is a world-famous symphony conductor who returns from a visit to his native England and discovers that his rich and boring brother-in-law, August Henshler , has misunderstood Alfred\'s casual instruction to watch over his much younger wife Daphne  while he was away, and instead hired a detective named Sweeney  to follow her. Alfred is livid, and ineptly attempts to destroy any evidence of the detective\'s report. Eventually, despite his efforts, he learns the content of the report directly from Sweeney: while he was gone, his wife was spied late at night going to the hotel room of Alfred\'s secretary, Anthony Windborn , a man closer in age to her own, where she stayed for thirty-eight minutes. Distressed by the news, Alfred quarrels with Daphne before proceeding to his concert, where he conducts three distinct pieces of romantic-era music, envisioning revenge scenarios appropriate to each one: a complicated "perfect crime" scenario in which he murders his wife and frames Windborn , nobly accepting the situation and giving Daphne a generous check and his blessing (to the Prelude to Wagner\'s [[Tannhäuser , and a game of Russian roulette with a blubbering Windborn, that ends in de Carter\'s Suicide (to Tchaikovsky\'s [[Francesca da Rimini  After the concert, Alfred tries to stage his fantasy of murdering his wife, but is thwarted by his own ineptness, making a mess of their apartment in the process. When Daphne returns home, he realizes that she really loves him, and learns that she is innocent of Sweeney\'s charges: she had gone to Windborn\'s room in search of her sister Barbara , August\'s wife, who was having an affair with Windborn, and became trapped there when she saw Sweeney spying on the room. Alfred begs Daphne\'s forgiveness for his irrational behavior, which she gladly gives, ascribing it to the creative temperament of a great artist.TCM Full synopsis<ref nameavg&sql=1:51839~T0 Plot synopsis ]'] ['During a surprise 42nd birthday party for George Webber, a well-known composer of popular music, he finds himself coping badly with incipient middle age. When he catches a glimpse of a mysterious woman en route to her wedding, he is instantly obsessed by her beauty, and―despite the presence of his lover Samantha Taylor―follows the woman to the church where he crashes into a police cruiser and is stung by a bee. George visits the priest, and learns that the woman is Jenny Miles, daughter of a prominent Beverly Hills dentist. Later that night, Sam and George have an argument about George\'s failure to give her the attention she needs, his use of the term "broad", and the fact that he and his neighbor  watch each other perform carnal acts using telescopes. The final straw for Sam occurs when George makes a remark subtly impugning her femininity at which point Sam leaves in a huff. The following day, George and Sam suffer a series of mishaps that prevent them from reconciling, including George spying on his neighbor until hitting himself with his telescope and falling down an embankment, causing him to miss Sam\'s phone call. In addition, George schedules a dental appointment with Jenny\'s father, and while in the dentist\'s chair, subtly leads the dentist into disclosing that his daughter and her husband went to Mexico for their honeymoon. The examination also reveals a mouthful of cavities, requiring the dentist to spend the entire afternoon inserting fillings in George\'s teeth. The after effects of the novocaine, which are aggravated by his heavy drinking immediately after, leave him completely incoherent and when Sam finally reaches him on the phone she mistakes him for a madman and calls the police. The police storm his house, but recognizing him they leave amicably. He visits his neighbor\'s house to take part in an orgy just as Sam arrives at his house, and she spots him through his telescope, widening the rift between them. Later, George impulsively follows the newlyweds to their exclusive hotel in Manzanillo, Colima, Mexico. In the bar, George encounters an old acquaintance, Mary Lewis, who suffers from a lack of self-confidence because she blames herself for a series of failed relationships. When they attempt a fling that night, she interprets George\'s inadequacy in bed as confirmation of her insecurities despite her better-than-average looks and easygoing disposition. One hot day at the beach, George sees Jenny―suntanned and dressed in a one-piece swimsuit and her hair braided in cornrows―which furthers George\'s obsession. He notices that David, Jenny\'s husband, has fallen asleep on his surfboard. Pretending to inquire about renting a surfboard, George learns that beyond a certain point are powerful currents that can sweep a swimmer or surfer dangerously far from land. George rents a catamaran, clumsily but successfully rescues David, and becomes a hero. Both Sam and his songwriting partner see him on TV Network News and Sam tries to call him, but George  refuses the call. David, badly sunburned, stays in the hospital, allowing Jenny and George to spend time alone together, culminating in Jenny seducing him to the sounds of Ravel\'s Boléro. Although George is initially elated to find all of his fantasies being fulfilled, he is horrified when Jenny takes a call from her husband while in bed with him and casually informs him of George\'s presence. He is even more confused when David responds with a complete lack of concern . When Jenny explains their open relationship and mutual honesty, George is appalled; with the thrill of enjoying forbidden pleasures extinguished, he loses interest in Jenny and he heads back to Beverly Hills. At the end of the film, he reconciles with Sam by demonstrating a new maturity and, taking an idea from Jenny, he starts Ravel\'s Boléro on the phonograph and they make love with the music playing in the background. This is in full view of the neighbor\'s telescope shortly after the neighbor has walked away in disgust, complaining that he has had enough of providing erotic entertainment to George and getting nothing in return.'] ['Three days before his wedding, George meets two intriguing people: Alicia , a Spanish woman who invites him to a party that night, and Gerard , an unlucky-in-love Frenchman who has just been turned down for a marriage proposal. To cheer him up, George takes him to Alicia\'s party. There, George finds himself attracted to Alicia, but she is already dating a British professor, Nathan. A drunk Gerard goes to the roof and attempts suicide, but George talks him out of it by telling him to "jump tomorrow." Out of gratitude, Gerard offers to drive George to his wedding. On the road, George buys an audiocassette to learn Spanish and secretly fantasizes about Alicia. The movie spoofs Spanish soap operas in fantasy sequences where George imagines himself and Alicia as characters on the show. The compassionate Gerard figures out that George is not really in love with his fiancée, a childhood friend whom his family expects him to marry. George is a passive individual who does not seem troubled by the idea of marrying someone he does not love. George spots Alicia and her boyfriend at a gas station, and Gerard talks George into following them. They all end up at a hotel with a love motif and a variety of strange furniture, including a bathtub in the form of a giant champagne glass. Gerard advises George to gain Alicia\'s attention by making her jealous. A reluctant George ends up inviting to his room a saleswoman who calls herself "Heather Leather." But he doesn\'t know that she\'s allergic to cologne, and disaster ensues. He never crosses paths with Alicia, whose boyfriend gives her an engagement ring made of bone. The next day, George wants to resume his journey alone. But Gerard gives a heartfelt speech about love, and he convinces George to stick with him. Alicia and her fiancé hitch a ride with George and Gerard, thinking their sudden appearance a coincidence. Alicia\'s fiancé Nathan practices t\'ai chi in the rain and argues with Gerard about whether the French language is obsolete. Meanwhile, Alicia and George find themselves falling for each other. When they arrive at the home of Alicia\'s family, who are meeting Alicia\'s fiancé for the first time, George wants to leave. But Gerard convinces him to stick around for the night, telling him to "jump tomorrow." Alicia\'s fiancé ends up in bed the whole time after Alicia\'s uncle, a deaf-mute, offers him a spicy dish he can\'t handle. The uncle takes a liking to George and teaches him a Spanish dance. Gerard finds himself attracted to Alicia\'s mother, a widow. They all enjoy the party that night, and George gets a chance to make his move, but he is too shy to proceed. Gerard and George leave for the wedding. After dropping off George, Gerard heads towards Niagara Falls, where he is finally ready to commit suicide, until by happenstance he meets a little boy who says he gets the best ideas when he is by himself. This makes Gerard realize the root cause of his depression was the fear of going through life without a woman, and that there are times in a man\'s life where it is good to be alone. This insight makes Gerard realize he should not take his own life. At the ceremony, George declares "I am Jorge"  and calls the wedding off. He and his fiancée Sophie agree at the church that their intended marriage was for convenience and not an ideal match. They also tell the audience that if George\'s parents were still alive, they would have wanted what George wanted. Gerard and George catch up to Alicia and her fiancé at the border of Canada, where Alicia refuses to emigrate on account of the climate, and George finally expresses his love for her.'] ['Tony Manetta is a single father, a widower, raising 11-year-old son Ally while owning and operating a small Miami Beach hotel called the Garden of Eden. In debt, given 48 hours by his bank to raise a little more than $5,000 or else lose his hotel, Tony in desperation tells older brother Mario that he needs a loan for Ally\'s sake, lying that the boy is ill. Mario and wife Sophie promptly fly from New York to Florida and find out the truth. Tony is "a bum" in Mario\'s eyes who puts his time and money into fanciful schemes rather than honest work. He is willing to stake Tony with funds, but only to begin a sensible small business such as a five-and-ten store. Tony also is set up with Eloise Rogers, a widow and acquaintance of Sophie\'s, who is seen to be a more appropriate companion for Tony than his current girlfriend, Shirl. To his surprise, Tony is impressed with Eloise and his son Ally takes an immediate liking to her. Mario offends her with prying questions about her husband\'s will and finances, causing Tony to confess that\'s the reason they were introduced. Eloise reveals to Tony that having lost both her husband and son, she appreciates the notion of being with someone again who needs her. An old pal, Jerry Marks, now a wealthy promoter, invites Tony to a party. Pretending to be more prosperous than he is, Tony explains his idea to buy a piece of land in Florida and open a second Disneyland there. Jerry seems interested in being his partner. He takes Tony to a dog-racing track, where Tony uses the $500 he earned from selling his car to match Jerry\'s large bet. His dog wins, but Jerry coaxes him into letting it ride in the next race on a dog called Lucky Ally. The obvious desperation in Tony\'s voice as he roots for the dog to win makes it clear that he is not a man of means. Jerry insults him afterward, and when Tony throws a handout back in his face, Tony is punched by one of Jerry\'s associates. Literally a beaten man, Tony decides the best thing for Ally is to go live with Mario and Sophie from now on, even telling the unconvinced boy that he\'s not wanted. Tony goes off to the beach by himself, but Ally runs out to be with him, and soon they are joined by Eloise.'] ["Richard E. Grant plays Dr. Ben Bingham, a middle-aged ear, nose, and throat doctor. Carrie-Anne Moss plays Amanda, his vibrant wife. Amanda leaves Ben when the idea of sharing an empty nest with her inattentive husband becomes unbearable. Ben becomes depressed and tries to drown himself in alcohol. He walks around in pajamas until his son Justin  gives his dad a makeover and introduces him to the social scene. Before long, Ben becomes so popular that he is pursued by his nurse, his personal trainer, and karaoke-loving twin sisters. However, things quickly change when Justin finds himself in love. It is now Ben’s turn to teach his son the art of romance and in the process recapture his own wife's love."] ["Dylan  and Jez  are two orphans who meet in their twenties and vow to achieve their shared childhood dream of living in a stately home. In pursuit of this dream they spend their days living in a disused gas holder, spending as little money as possible and conning the upper classes out of their riches. During one of their biggest cons, their lives are touched by Georgie , who needs money to save the Down's syndrome foundation that her brother attends. When a con goes wrong, the two find themselves in gaol to be released only after their entire fortune is rendered useless because of a recall of £50 notes. It is down to an elaborate plan involving Dylan, Jez and  Georgie, to break them out of gaol in order to save their dream. The film, in essence, is part Ealing comedy, part underdog farce with a sequence of madcap adventures set against a striking soundtrack by contemporary Britpop artists. Unlike straight rom-coms or mainstream comedies of the period Shooting Fish contained a generous blending of fact and fantasy ."] ['Donna Jensen  is a girl from a small town in Nevada who wishes to see the world in order to get away from her unhappy life of living in a trailer with her alcoholic mother, a former Las Vegas showgirl, and her abusive, alcoholic boyfriend. After graduating from high school, Donna tries to make ends meet by working as a clerk in a Big Lots. One day, she reads a book by Sally Weston, My Life in the Sky and decides to follow her destiny by becoming a flight attendant. Her first position is at a small, seedy California commuter airline but this success builds her confidence up and encourages her to attend open interviews for Royalty Airlines. She convinces her two co-workers, Sherry and Christine , to join her. While Christine and Donna get in, Sherry does not. Donna puts her heart and soul into the training camp, and, after meeting her idol Sally Weston , she is determined to be assigned to the top route, "Paris, First Class, International". Alas, when the assignments are posted, Donna is shocked to discover that she has been assigned to a commuter route in Cleveland. Christine, who had initially struggled with the material and procedures, has inexplicably been assigned the high-priority New York route. A few months later, by chance, Donna runs into Christine in Cleveland. Donna knows from previous experience that Christine has stolen things from people\'s homes but is still shocked when Christine empties her handbag to reveal all manner of Royalty Air items. Even the smallest theft is strictly prohibited by Royalty Airlines, and could mean termination. Still sure there was some sort of error in her route assignment, Donna turns to Sally Weston for help. Through a course of events, Donna discovers that Christine had switched their test booklets when they were being handed up to their trainer - Christine\'s route assignment is rightfully Donna\'s, and vice versa. When Sally asks to have airline security spy on Christine\'s flight - to see if she stole any property  - Christine gets caught and is fired from Royalty. Donna gets the chance to re-take her exam and achieves a perfect score, resulting in being assigned a Paris, First Class, International route. However, following her "destiny" means deciding between a boyfriend  and her career. She chooses her career. Though she gets all that she wants - Paris, first class, etc. - Donna realizes that she is still not happy. She misses her boyfriend in Cleveland terribly, and with Sally Weston\'s encouragement, she returns to Cleveland to meet him. She does, and after a heartfelt speech to his deaf grandmother, which he overhears, the two kiss and make up. The movie ends with Donna wishing her passengers well as they land in Cleveland, having become a pilot.'] ['Nella Vargo  is a Hungarian prima donna whose latest performances include singing Tosca in Venice. Although she is praised by the audience, her music teacher Rudig feels that she can not be the greatest opera singer in history until she performs in New York City. When she is criticized for not putting her soul into the song, she gets mad, until she suddenly notices a mysterious man walking on the street. She becomes smitten with the man, until Rudig claims that he is a gigolo whose latest client is Marchesa Bianca San Giovanni, a former diva with a notorious past. Later that night, Nella decides to head to Budapest, accompanied by Rudig, her butler Conrad, her maid Emma and her fiancé Count Albert von Gronac, whom she is not in love with. She is shocked when she finds out the mysterious man is on board as well, with the marchesa as his company. Rudig again suggests that she will never be a great singer if she does not experience love. The next day, Rudig announces that Fletcher is in town to sign European artists, an agent for the prestigious Metropolitan Opera in New York. Later that afternoon, she finds out her fiancé is having an affair with one of her enemies. Furious and upset with her love life, she goes to the hotel where she is staying and decides to hire the mysterious man, Jim, in hopes of experience love and thereby impress Fletcher. She is attracted to him, but is afraid to have her as his admirer. Jim, who is actually agent Fletcher, soon finds out that Nella thinks that he is a gigolo. Instead of revealing the truth, he pretends to be one and dominantly forces her to make a decision: spend the night with him or leave within 2 minutes. Nella decides to spend the night with him, but leaves the next morning before he awakes. That night, she again gives a performance of Tosca, which is acclaimed as her best in her entire career. After returning home, she is overcome by joy to find out that she has landed a contract with the Metropolitan Opera, but feels guilty for what she has done the night before. The same day, Jim visits her, returning the necklace she has left to pay for his services and demanding her to chose between him and the contract. When she tears up the contract, he realizes that she is in love with him and he reveals himself to be a nephew of the marchesa and the famous talent scout. Now, Nella can have the successful New York career she has dreamt of.'] ['Lallo Di San Marciano moves from Naples to Milan after the death of his father Bebe. Because the father did not own anything, except a series of elegant dresses, Lallo is welcomed home of his uncle Carlo. Lallo begins attending the wealthy friends of his aunt, with whom starts a series of sexual relations in order to be maintained.{{cite book}}'] ['The officials of a city are dedicating a new statue, but when it is unveiled, Chaplin\'s Tramp is discovered sleeping on it. He is chased off by the crowd. Destitute and homeless he wanders the streets, getting tormented by two newsboys. He happens upon a blind Flower Girl , and buys a flower. Just when she is about to give him his change, a man gets into a nearby car and drives away, making her think the Tramp has driven off. The Tramp doesn\'t correct her and slinks away. The Flower Girl returns home to her simple life with her grandmother . That evening, the Tramp runs into a drunken millionaire  who is trying to commit suicide. The Tramp convinces him to live, whereupon the millionaire showers him with gifts. They return to the millionaire\'s mansion, where the Tramp gets a change of clothes, and then go out on the town, where the Tramp inadvertently causes much havoc. The next morning, they return to the mansion. The Flower Girl walks by, so the Tramp asks the millionaire for money and then buys all her flowers and drives her home in the millionaire\'s Rolls-Royce. She tells her grandmother about her wealthy suitor. When the Tramp returns to the mansion, the millionaire has sobered up and rudely dismisses him. But later that day, he meets the Tramp again while intoxicated, and invites him back for a wild party. The next morning, having sobered up again and planning to leave for a cruise, the millionaire once more tosses out the Tramp. Returning to the Flower Girl\'s apartment, the Tramp spies her being attended by a doctor. He decides to take a job to earn money for her, and becomes a street-sweeper, managing to annoy his new coworker. Meanwhile, the grandmother receives a notice that she and the Flower Girl will be evicted if they cannot pay their back rent, but hides it and goes out to beg. The Tramp visits the Flower Girl on his lunch break, and sees an ad for an operation that cures blindness. He then finds the notice and promises the Girl he will pay it. But he returns to work late and is fired. Dejected, he passes a boxing venue, where a fighter convinces him to spar with him, throw the fight, and they\'ll split the prize money. But the fighter turns out to be a fugitive from justice and flees, leaving the Tramp to fight a no-nonsense replacement. Despite a valiant effort, the Tramp is thrashed. He meets the drunken millionaire again, who takes him to the mansion and gives him $1000 for the Girl. But two burglars sneak in and clobber the millionaire, and when he comes to, he accuses the Tramp of stealing. The Tramp narrowly escapes the police, delivers the money to the Girl, and promises to return, but he is picked up by the police and thrown in jail. Several months later, the Little Tramp wanders the streets again, far more ragged than we have seen him before. Searching for the girl, he returns to her original street corner, but she is not there. With her sight restored, the girl has opened up a flower shop with her grandmother. When a rich man comes into the shop, the girl wonders if he is her mysterious benefactor. The Tramp, in ragged clothes and tormented by the same newsboys, suddenly finds himself staring at her through the window. She jokes to her colleague that she has "made a conquest". Seeing a flower that he has retrieved from the gutter falling apart in his hand, the girl kindly offers him a fresh flower from her shop, and a coin. The Tramp begins to leave, then reaches for the flower. The girl takes hold of his hand to place the coin in it and, recognizing the touch of his hand, she realizes who he is. "You?" she says, and he nods, asking, "You can see now?" She replies, "Yes, I can see now," and holds his hand to her heart. The Little Tramp smiles shyly at the girl, clutching the flower to his face, his eyes full of love and hope, as the film ends.'] ['While traveling by train Shekhar attempts to woo Sanjana Sharma, but finds out she had given her heart to a former boyfriend, Rohit, who is no more. Both share some misadventures en-route to Simla, and upon arrival Shekhar openly declares his love for her knowing fully that this decision will bring nothing but heartbreak for him'] ["The film stars William Powell as Arthur Peabody, who is undergoing a mid-life crisis as he approaches his 50th birthday. Much of the story is shown in flashback as Peabody tells his skeptical doctor the source of malaise. Peabody goes on vacation with his wife Polly  to a Caribbean resort. While there, he hears singing coming from a distant key  and takes his boat to do a little fishing. To his surprise, he reels in Lenore, a beautiful mermaid played by Ann Blyth. Although mute, Lenore is mischievous and childlike and more than a little bit alluring – so much so that before long Peabody has taught her to kiss. He hides Lenore by letting her soak in a suds-filled bathtub and then in the resort’s fish pond. But confusion ensues as his wife thinks he has a big fish in their bathtub and later suspects him of infidelity with Cathy Livingston , a vacationing singer. Things get even more complicated when, after Polly returns home without Peabody, police suspect him of murder. At the film's conclusion, Arthur Peabody and his wife are happily back at home in Boston with only Lenore’s comb left to prove the reality of his adventure."] ['When jockey Chris Kirby  is fatally injured in a horse race, he gets his best friend, gambler Adam Black , to promise to take care of his teenage daughter, Evelyne , who has been raised apart from her father. Unbeknownst to Adam, Evelyne had been led to believe that Adam is her father in correspondence between parent and child. Adam is unable to tell her the truth; his butler and friend Bill Murray  tries and fails as well. Finally, Adam\'s sometime girlfriend Moira  breaks the news to the girl. Adam sends Evelyne to an exclusive boarding school. When she has grown up, she reappears unexpectedly in his life. Because of the hatred she has for gambling, Adam does not reveal that he stages illegal gambling sessions; instead he tells her that he makes his money on the stock exchange. She begins casually dating Adam\'s no-good brother Roddy . When Adam tells Moira that he is getting out of the business, she accuses him of being in love with his "ward". Roddy has his own grudge against his brother - Adam refuses to finance a shady deal - and the two of them tip off the police about Adam\'s last operation. Roddy also brings Evelyne to see what Adam really does for a living. Shocked, she quarrels with Adam and leaves. A kindly gambler, Colonel Bradley , gives her some sage advice and convinces her to reconcile with Adam.'] ['The movie opens with Ethan , a struggling writer, rushing to his girlfriend’s house only to be told by her roommate that she has left for the airport. Arriving at the airport moments later they are reunited and embrace. This scene abruptly ends and is revealed to be an excerpt from Ethan’s latest written work. His agent , upon finishing the novel, informs him that it is “unrealistic” and will not be published. Disappointed and exhausted from his many attempts at being published, Ethan retreats to a local café and while recording his thoughts into his personal journal meets waitress Jesse  and is instantly smitten with her outgoing personality, beauty and charm. He asks for her phone number so they can go on a date together and she cheerfully agrees. Moments after Ethan leaves, a handsome patron named Troy  enters the café and also asks Jesse on a date to which she also agrees. As Ethan and Jesse begin to date, he learns that she was once married and that her marriage failed because she “was not the right girl” for her ex-husband. Ethan begins writing a new novel at the time that he and Jesse begin dating. Ethan, who manages the apartment building he lives in in order to live rent free, seems to be the exact opposite of the much more financially successful and suave Troy, an advertising executive. Despite this, Ethan and Jesse’s relationship blossoms and deepens and he falls in love with her, as does Troy. Throughout the film, it is apparent through conversations with her brother and uncle  that Jesse is struggling over how to tell Ethan her “secret”. She knows that Ethan desires a family and is enthralled by his interaction with his sister’s children. After Ethan proposes marriage to her Jesse becomes emotionally distraught over fear of revealing the truth and decides to end their relationship and leave town with Troy, who had asked her to move to another city with him to expand his business. Heartbroken but determined to fulfill his promise to Jesse to finish his novel, Ethan submits his work and is overjoyed when he receives word from his agent that his novel will be published. As he is on the phone with his agent he receives a missed call from Jesse who is checking in at the airport. He tries to return her call but she has turned off her cell phone in the meantime. Just as in the beginning of the film, Ethan rushes to her apartment to tell her how much he loves her but her brother informs him that she has left for the airport. Ethan then races off to the airport only to find that he has missed Jesse’s flight. He returns home and is surprised to find Jesse waiting for him in his apartment. She tearfully expresses her wish to be honest with him, but he decides to share his news with her first. He shows her his new novel, Troy Meets Girl. It is revealed at this point that the relationship between Jesse and Troy was fictional; Troy had been created by Ethan as a more wealthy and successful version of himself for his novel. Jesse was not leaving with another man, but rather for a job in another city for a fresh start. Jesse then reveals her secret to Ethan—she cannot bear children. Ethan quickly responds that this does not matter to him and that they can adopt if need be. He again proposes marriage and this time Jesse accepts. The film ends with Jesse and Ethan getting married and driving off in his car, which stalls and needs to be pushed by the wedding party.'] [' It is 1961, two years after the original Grease gang became seniors and a new academic year is just beginning at Rydell High School . The Pink Ladies are now led by the beautiful Stephanie Zinone , who feels she has "outgrown" her relationship with the arrogant leader of the The T-Birds, Johnny Nogerelli  during summer break. A new arrival comes in the form of clean-cut British student Michael Carrington  (a cousin of Sandy Olsson, Olivia Newton-John\'s character from [[Grease , who quickly becomes smitten with Steph. At the local bowling alley, a game  turns sour due to the animosity between Johnny and Stephanie. Stephanie retaliates by kissing the next man who walks in the door, which happens to be Michael. Bemused by this unexpected kiss, Michael attempts to ask her out but discovers that she has a very specific vision of her ideal man . As he realizes that he will only win her affection if he turns himself into a cool rider, Michael buys a motorcycle. Following an unusual biology lesson  given by Mr. Stuart , a gang of rival motorcyclists called the Cycle Lords surprise the T-Birds at the bowling alley. Before the fight starts, a lone anonymous biker appears, who is in fact, a disguised Michael, defeats the enemy gang, and disappears into the night . Stephanie is instantly fascinated with the stranger. In a short comic scene, one of the T-Birds, Louis DiMucci , attempts to trick his sweetheart Sharon  into losing her virginity to him by taking her to a fallout shelter and faking a nuclear attack . Stephanie is surprised again by the Cool Rider and they enjoy a romantic twilight motorcycle ride. Just as Michael is about to reveal his identity, they are interrupted by the arrival of the whole gang; before Michael disappears again, he tells Stephanie that he will see her at the talent show, in which the Pink Ladies and T-Birds are performing. Johnny, enraged by Stephanie\'s new romance, threatens to fight the "Cool Rider" if he sees him with her again. The Pink Ladies exit haughtily, although this has little effect on the T-Birds\' self-confidence . At school, Stephanie\'s poor grades in English lead her to accept Michael\'s offer of help. She slowly begins to discover that she has similar feelings for him, and starts to reciprocate his crush. Johnny, upon seeing them together in a discussion, demands that Stephanie quit the Pink Ladies for his "rep" and subtly threatens that the T-Birds will beat up Michael if she refuses. Stephanie is visibly upset by this but refuses to quit the Pink Ladies. Although still head over heels for the Cool Rider, interactions with Michael reveal that she has become smitten with him as well, as Michael ponders over his continuing charade he puts out to Stephanie . At the talent show, Stephanie and the Cool Rider meet outside the school, but are ambushed by the T-Birds who pursue Michael with Stephanie and the Pink Ladies following in a car. They chase him to a construction site which conceals a deadly drop, and the biker\'s absence suggests that he has perished below, leaving Stephanie inconsolable. During the Pink Ladies\' number at the talent show , Stephanie enters a dreamlike fantasy world where she is reunited with her mystery biker (". She is named winner of the contest and crowned the queen of the upcoming graduation luau, with Johnny hailed as king. The school year ends with the luau , during which the Cycle Lords suddenly reappear and begin to destroy the celebration. After the Cool Rider reappears and defeats the Cycle Lords, he finally reveals himself to be Michael. After his initial shock, Johnny offers him a T-Bird jacket and welcomes him into the gang, and Stephanie finally accepts that she can be with him. All of the couples pair off happily at graduation as the graduating class sings . The credits start rolling and just like in the earlier film, it\'s in the style of a yearbook.'] ['People Will Talk describes an episode in the life of Dr. Noah Praetorius , a physician who teaches in a medical school and founded a clinic dedicated to treating patients humanely and holistically. The plot contains two parallel story lines: a professional-misconduct challenge brought against Praetorius by his more conventional colleague Dr. Rodney Elwell , who dislikes Praetorius\'s unorthodox but effective methods; and the struggle of a distressed young woman named Deborah Higgins , who falls in love with Praetorius while dealing with an out-of-wedlock pregnancy. The film also highlights Praetorius\'s close friend and confidant, physics professor Lyonel Barker , who plays bass viol in the student/faculty orchestra conducted by Praetorius.  At the start of the film, Elwell has hired a detective to investigate Praetorius. A housemaid  who once worked for Praetorius reacts visibly when Elwell asks her about Praetorius\'s mysterious friend Mr. Shunderson, who rarely leaves Praetorius\'s side and has a deep, intuitive understanding of human and animal nature. Elwell\'s detective discovers that Shunderson was once tried for murder, and Elwell calls for a misconduct hearing against Praetorius. At the hearing, Praetorius explains that he started his career in a small town by opening a butcher shop as a front for his undeclared medical practice, because the people of the town didn\'t trust doctors. Elwell tries to discredit Praetorius\'s methods, but Praetorius defends his use of faith in healing, describing how he was forced to leave town after his maid discovered his medical degree. Praetorius refuses to answer questions about Shunderson, but Shunderson explains that he served 15 years in prison for the alleged death of a man who had tried to murder him, then somehow survived being hanged after actually murdering the man, who had gone into hiding during the first trial. When he woke up, he was lying on a table in front of Praetorius, who was at that time a medical student examining what he believed was a corpse. Praetorius kept Shunderson\'s survival a secret, and Shunderson became Praetorius\'s devoted friend. After this story is told, the chairman concludes the hearing in Praetorius\'s favor, and Elwell walks away alone and discredited.  Meanwhile, Deborah enters Praetorius\'s life, displaying signs of emotional distress. After she faints during a lecture, Praetorius examines her and informs her that she\'s pregnant. Upset by this news, "Mrs. Higgins" admits that she\'s not really married. The unborn child\'s father is dead, and knowing about her condition would be too much for her own father to bear. In a hallway near Praetorius\'s office, she shoots herself. After successfully operating on Deborah, Praetorius tries to calm her by telling her there was a mistake in her pregnancy test, but she has fallen in love with him, and becomes upset at her own embarrassing behavior. She runs away from the clinic, forcing him to find her so he can tell her she really is pregnant. Praetorius and Shunderson drive out to where Deborah and her father Arthur live, a farm owned by Arthur\'s brother John. Deborah and Praetorius hide Deborah\'s shooting incident from her father, who is a failure in life and lives unhappily as a dependent of his stingy brother. Deborah is his only pride in life, which might become intolerable for him with a baby to take care of and his daughter\'s reputation ruined. While showing Praetorius the farm, Deborah admits her love for him. She also wonders why he is visiting and begins to suspect that he is attracted to her. After she seductively interrogates him, they share a passionate kiss. They soon get married, and Arthur comes to live with them. A few weeks later, Deborah suggests to Noah that she may be pregnant, and he admits that she was pregnant all along. She ruefully concludes that he married her out of pity, but he convinces her that he really did fall in love with her. For some reason, Praetorius\'s misconduct hearing was scheduled for the same time as the student/faculty orchestra\'s concert. After the hearing and Praetorius\' acquittal, the film ends with Deborah, Shunderson, and Barker in the audience watching Praetorius conduct the orchestra in the finale of Brahms\'s Academic Festival Overture : Gaudeamus Igitur ! .  According to a review at the Films de France website, the movie has a number of political overtones. The review says the film is a reaction to "Mankiewicz’s own experiences during the communist witch hunts of the late 1940s, early 1950s which were initiated by Senator Joseph McCarthy. Whilst President of the Director’s Guild, Mankiewicz was openly attacked by Cecil B. DeMille, a once great filmmaker and hard-line conservative, for his unwillingness to support the anti-communist campaign. Like many of his fellow directors and screenwriters, Mankiewicz was a liberal who refused to denounce others working in Hollywood who had communist sympathies." The film\'s investigative trial has parallels to the congressional hearings by anti-communist crusaders. And just as some refused to name names in such hearings, the lead character, played by Cary Grant, declines to clear his own name by revealing the private business of another person, in this case a convicted murderer. The review said that although the movie is meant as a cautionary tale about the dangers of witch hunts it deals with many other issues, including the pregnancy of a single woman, the "corrosive effect of unfettered capitalism, the human cost of the Korean war, among others."'] ['Zoe Adler , is a shy, eccentric and misunderstood computer animator who has a love for 1970s and 80s pop music. While heading home after a few drinks one night, she is forced into her car by a stalker who steers her into a police officer, knocking him off his bicycle and killing him. When Zoe is put under house arrest with a story no one believes and an electronic bracelet that keeps her homebound with an ever-increasing list of mandatory and repetitive tasks she must complete or risk going to jail, she must find a way to clear her name. With the help of Daly , an officer responsible for checking her bracelet every week who falls for her, a downstairs neighbor, and neighborhood kids, Zoe finds her stalker and tries to clear her name.'] ['Carmelo, is 30 years old and extremely shy. He finds it difficult to reveal his innermost feelings to Verónica his coworker. When Verónica announces that she is engaged to be married to a rich and handsome man, Carmello is heartbroken. In an odd twist of fate Verónica sees Carmelo at a gay rally, and assumes that he is gay. Carmelo doesn\'t correct this impression and finds the ruse as a way to open up to her. Verónica soon falls for Carmelo, and leaves her fiance for her "gay" boy friend, who then reveals his real orientation.'] ['It\'s the day of the senior prom at Herbert Hoover High School. The prom has been organized by the one of the most popular girls at the school, the beautiful but obnoxious Patrice Johnson . When Shelley Sheridan  and her jock boyfriend Kevin McCrea  break up just before the prom because she refuses to sleep with him, they are both forced to try and find new dates at short notice. When Shelley can\'t find a new date, she lies to her friends and tells them that she is going to a college frat party instead. In fact she goes to the town cinema to watch an old horror movie, where she assumes that she will not run into anyone from school. But she bumps into Dan Lefcourt ([[Chris Young , one of the school geeks, who has also gone to the cinema to avoid the prom. Dan has lied to his father , telling him that he was going to the prom because he didn\'t want his father to find out that he has a low social status at school and couldn\'t get a date. Dan helps Shelley avoid being seen by another group of students, and she soon discovers that he is a really nice guy. After one of Kevin\'s friends tells him a false story about an unpopular girl at the school, Angela Strull , being "easy", Kevin decides to invite her to the prom. Angela is delighted to be going to the prom with Kevin. Her friend Margaret  is initially supportive, but later becomes sceptical of Kevin\'s motives. Not only does Kevin have to try hoodwink Margaret into believing that his intentions are honorable, he also has to contend with Angela\'s overprotective, religious fanatic pharmacist father, Ed , who tries to follow the two "lovebirds" all night, eventually getting arrested for his trouble. Meanwhile Patrice is confident that she\'ll be named the prom queen when her only real competition, Shelley, doesn\'t show up at the prom. To that end, she\'s arranged for an all-night celebration with her boyfriend Roger ([[Matthew Perry , who she keeps on a short string. But then Angela appears in Cinderella fashion, and Angela and Kevin are voted prom queen and king. Kevin tries to get Angela into bed, but she resists and confronts him about his real reasons for asking her out. When he explains that he really does like her now, she points out that he should have respected her from the start. By the end of the film, at a popular diner where everyone shows up the morning after the prom, Angela has learned that her parents had to get married because they conceived her while they were high school students; confident after her night as prom queen, she informs them she\'s going to art school in Italy rather than Bible college. Kevin ends his night without sex and defends Angela\'s honor when his friend makes a lewd comment. Meanwhile Shelley and Dan announce that they are now going steady, much to the shock of every senior in the room.'] ["George Dupler, a man nearing middle age, is demoted after a temper tantrum and reduced to working as the midnight-shift manager of an all-night pharmacy/convenience store. George advises his adult son Freddie to stop having an affair with an older, married woman before it leads to trouble. But when George finally meets the woman, Cheryl Gibbons, an untalented singer-songwriter married to a volatile firefighter, she begins to show an interest in him. The next thing George knows, it's being announced by Freddie at the family's dinner table that Cheryl and his father have become romantically involved. George ends up moving out of the house, taking a loft and trying to begin a new life as an inventor."] ["The film is set against the strict social hierarchy of an American public high school. The tomboyish Watts  has always considered working class misfit Keith Nelson  her best friend. But when Keith asks out the most popular girl in school, Amanda Jones , Watts realizes she feels something much deeper for him. Meanwhile, Hardy Jenns , Amanda's Corvette-driving ex-boyfriend from the rich section of town, plans to cause trouble for Keith; although he has no real feelings for Amanda, he feels humiliated at losing her to a social inferior. However, Keith cunningly manages things to his own and Amanda's advantage and gives Hardy his well-deserved comeuppance. In the end, Amanda realizes that she needs time alone and Keith clues into Watts's feelings for him. Realizing that he loves her too, he gives her the diamond earrings he had originally bought as a present for Amanda."] ["Most people want to have a good-looking date for their high school reunion, but four guys with more at stake than just pride scramble to find the right girl for the occasion in this comedy. Max , Drew , and Jelly Roll  have been close friends since high school. Shortly after graduation, they made a bet — each man threw 50 dollars into a pot, and it was decided whoever brought the best-looking woman to their ten-year high school reunion would get all the money. Ten years down the line, the guys discover that after ten years of smart investing, the two hundred bucks has become a whopping 50,000 dollars, but as their reunion looms on the horizon, none of them has a girlfriend, or even a steady date. With that much money at stake, all three men  are eager to find a sexy woman with an evening to spare. The three of them end up searching for the perfect girl on the internet, visiting chat rooms in search of an available knockout. It isn't long before they realize that truth in advertising isn't all that common in the online dating game."] ["Andy, is a writer for newspaper classifieds who has been bouncing from relationship to relationship since eighth grade. Throughout the film, he loses custody of his dog when his girlfriend, Cheryl, breaks up with him for another man. Andy then meets Lorna, a children's TV show host, but she is too obsessed with her own dog to commit to a relationship with Andy. She's also still hurt emotionally because her boyfriend Trevor, left her for Andy's ex, Cheryl. Andy also has a fling with another woman, Keiran. Meanwhile, Cheryl takes Andy's dog to a psychiatrist, who tells her that her promiscuity is traumatizing the dog. While both Andy and Cheryl do their best to share custody, problems arise as Cheryl and Trevor break up and she tries to win Andy back unsuccessfully. Keiran figures out Jeri's boyfriend Jeff is having an affair. Both Andy and Lorna have feelings for each other, but aren't sure how to follow through with it."] ["Daydreamer Rajaram lives a poor lifestyle in a village in India along with his aunt and an unmarried sister, Malti, who has mortgaged their shanty house with Sukhi Lala so that she can educate Rajaram in Bombay. Rajaram pretends to be wealthy in order to get married to his sweetheart, Nisha Sharma, much to the chagrin of her dad who wants her to get married to a boxer, Ranjeet Gupta. Story opens at college, where an impoverished student named Raja  dreams of making it big and winning his true love Nisha .His rival for her affections, Ranjit  is the class bully and a cheat; but Ranjit’s father and Nisha’s father are close friends and want their children to get married when they graduate.Raja’s roommate and best friend Gopal —also poor—knows the truth of his circumstances, but Raja has fooled everyone else into believing he has a rich father.After Rajaram gets a degree in Arts he returns home and finds out about the debt, he attempts to find work, ends up working as a laborer with Sukhi, but is beaten-up when he is found slacking. Rajaram returns to Bombay, meets with Suleiman, and takes up collecting waste material  from households for a fee. When he returns to his village, he discovers that his sister Malti  and his aunt  are being harassed by the local moneylender to repay the money lent to them for Raja’s education, or he will force Malti to marry him. Raja is overwhelmed at their sacrifices.He returns to Bombay to find work so he can send money home, and is befriended by Sulaiman , who buys bottles and boxes for recycling, and teaches Raja the trade. Raja begins earning money and sends some home to his village. He also meets Gopal again, but doesn’t contact Nisha since he is too poor to court her. When he does run into her, she is going into a New Year’s Eve masquerade party, and thinks that his bottle vendor outfit is his costume. She drags him in with her, where he is tormented again by Ranjit, and further realizes the gulf between himself and Nisha.He slips out and returns home, sad and heartbroken. One day he comes across a sack of bottles, throws it against the door; one broken bottle rolls outside where a big puff of pink smoke materializes from it. out pops a 20000 year old Genie with magical powers. He takes his sack of bottles and As the smoke clears a genie  appears.he genie was imprisoned in the bottle 20,000 years ago by an uncle fed up with his naughtiness. He has sworn an oath to serve his rescuer for a full year, and is going to fulfill this oath whether Raja likes it or not. Chaos ensues!No matter how hard he tries, the genie causes problems for poor Raja. Rajaram does not want anything to do with this Genie, who insists on helping him for one year regardless. With his help Rajaram and Suleiman improve their lifestyle, albeit with a lot of problems, and also improve Rajaram's chances of getting married to Nisha. Sulaiman tells the genie about Nisha, and he tries to help bring them together, but Nisha’s father is determined to get her married to Ranjit. Raja’s aunt sends Malti to him from the village to get her out of the moneylender’s way. He marries her off to Gopal.Meanwhile, Nisha and her father fight about Ranjit. Nisha wants to marry Raja no matter how poor he is. When Ranjit and some of his friends try to run down Raja  he is rescued by the genie in a flying car.Pleased with himself, the genie gives Raja a ring to protect him from Ranjit. he ring, when twisted on the finger, calls up a demon from the underworld who spouts fire and chants “Zum Zum Bah!” I find him much more funny than scary. Raja can’t handle one genie, let alone two, and he throws the ring away. Ranjit, watching, retrieves it after they go.Ranjit owes money to a bunch of goondas, who come to get their money. His plan is to marry Nisha and then repay them. He enlists the help of the demon by asking him to change him to look like Raja, and vice versa.Nisha isn’t fooled, since Ranjit hasn’t changed his voice or his manners. Raja and the genie rescue her when he assaults her. They celebrate by flying with the genie over Bombay.He transports them to a magical place where they sing another pretty song. I’m reminded of Kashmir Ki Kali with a genie thrown in.By now Nisha’s father has discovered what a scoundrel Ranjit is, and told Nisha that she can marry Raja. So Ranjit will have to resort to drastic measures! He and the demon go to Nisha’s house and kidnap her and her father.They are taken away to the underworld.The genie and Raja follow, although the genie’s power doesn’t work in the underworld. Can they overcome the demon without special powers? Will they rescue Nisha and Sharmaji? What will happen to Ranjit?"] ['Norm  the matchmaker at Hopeless Romantics can find surprising love matches for anyone, no matter how strange their behavior. However, when Norm hires sassy protégé Monique  and tries to teach her the tricks of the trade, they encounter the wildest clients he\'s ever had, some of whom are: * Marina , a female nudist who seeks someone who will share her views on social nudity and sexuality. That is, someone who will see her constant nakedness in appreciation of the human body rather than an invitation for sex. * Norm himself, who always feels incomplete in sex due to his failure to experience simultaneous orgasms with his female partner. * Cecilia , a hypersexual woman who can\'t talk to men in private without immediately raping them at gunpoint and/or by knocking them out . She does the latter to Norm himself when she first presents her problem to him in his private office, and the former to Monique\'s former boyfriend . * A house cleaner, who is aroused by pubic hair. Therefore, she either collects it from her clients\' houses or sneaks up on her male clients and plucks their pubic hair directly. * A man who is arroused by cats. * A bodybuilder who feels his penis is too small. * A woman who can only reach orgasm while standing upside down on her head. * Chad ([[Brad Yoder , a pool guy who can\'t help peeing into his clients\' swimming pools for arousal. * Ivan , a "handicapped" gay man who uses his wheelchair as an excuse to stare at people\'s crotches. He\'s unable to do so directly, as he feels unwanted in the gay community due to his older age. Somehow, Norm and Monique find the right match for each of their clients as well as for themselves. Thus ending the movie on the positive note that there\'s a right match out there for everybody.'] ['{{Plot|date Part one  Part two  Overtime  During the two-year span, Gyeon-woo works hard to improve himself, writing My Sassy Girl movie script after he details their love affair on the Internet. When the agreed upon date arrives, he travels to the mountain but the Girl does not show up. Eventually, he opens the time capsule and reads her letter and learns the root of her angst and behavior: Gyeon-woo reminds her of her previous boyfriend who, rather than breaking up with her, actually died before she met Gyeon-woo. All through the time the Girl and Gyeon-woo were seeing each other she had been seeing her dead boyfriend\'s mother, who wants to introduce her to a nice young man. A year after Gyeon-woo visits the tree, the Girl finally arrives. Sitting under the tree is an old man. During their conversation the old man reveals the secret of the tree, that it is not the same tree; the original tree had been struck and killed by lightning a year before and a similar tree had been planted by a young man so that his someone special would not be sad. After the girl reads his letter, she tries to call Gyeon-woo repeatedly, but was unable to contact him. At lunch with her deceased boyfriend\'s mother after a year later, the mother introduces her nephew - who turns out to be Gyeon-woo, whom she has been trying to introduce to the Girl for years. The mother, who is Gyeon-woo\'s aunt, tells the Girl to go out with him, hoping that he could make life easier for her. She tells Gyeon-woo that the Girl can give advice to him about his impending trip to England, to which he replies, "I don\'t have to go anymore".'] ['The plot essentially involves a love story between Ganesha, alias Y. G. Rao, and Adilakshmi, alias Shruti, who initially do not know the true identity of each other. Ganesha lives in the Vatara  owned by Ramanamurthy. Shastri, known for his love of beer, is his roommate. Ramanamurthy maintains a traditional Hindu middle class household. His elder daughter has eloped with a lover and he does not approve of this. Eventually, he gets her to hold a traditional wedding, even though she has been married already in a civil marriage and has two children, to accept her back as a daughter. In order to prevent a similar fate for his younger daughter, Adilakshmi, he wants to find a match for her to perform an arranged marriage. His friend, Govinda , in the meanwhile, arrives in Bangalore from Mysore, with his cricket-crazy wife . Govinda and Ramanamurthy find out that both their children would make a good match for each other and decide to hold an engagement for them. In the meanwhile, Ganesha falls in love with the singer Shruti, whose singing he hears on the national radio, although he has never met her. He writes letters expressing his admiration and love, using the "more modern" pen-name of Y. G. Rao , to All India Radio where Shruti, alias Adilakshmi, reads them and falls in love with Y. G. Rao. But as long as they actually meet each other in the Vatara, they express a feeling of mutual animosity.Ganeshana Maduve scene on Youtube.com As soon as they hear that their engagement has been fixed, they try to get out of this by various means, all devised by Shastri. Both of them succeed in doing so and the friendship between Ramanamurthy and Govinda is strained as a result. But eventually, Ganesha and Adilakshmi discover that they are actually Y. G. Rao and Shruti respectively and fall in love and decide to get married. Ramanamurthy, in the meanwhile, tries to fix Adilakshmi\'s wedding to Parameshi, a film director. But she convinces her father that Parameshi has AIDS with the help of Ganesha and a fake doctor and the engagement is cancelled. So, in the final scene they explain their love to both their parents, convince them by some situational means and get married. Shastri is also married to Abhilasha, who initially had the hots for Ganesha.'] ['A popular dance hall girl, Duchess, joins with a gambler nicknamed the "Dirtwater Fox" on the way to Salt Lake City, Utah. Seeking refuge from a pursuing gang of outlaws, the Duchess and the Dirtwater Fox join a wagon train of Mormons. On their trip, they encounter snakes, rapids, horseback pursuits through towns, and even getting tied up by the outlaws .'] ['Melinda Howard is an entertainer traveling from England to pay a surprise visit to her mother, Broadway singer Jessica Howard, who lives in New York City. Melinda believes that her mother lives in a mansion, however, Jessica\'s alcoholism has reduced her to singing in a Greenwich Village saloon, and the mansion actually belongs to Adolph Hubbell and his wife. The Hubbells\' butler, Lefty Mack, and his fiancée, Gloria Davis, the maid, are a down-on-their luck vaudeville team and are good friends of Jessica and have been forwarding her letters to Melinda. Lefty pretends that Jessica has rented the house to the Hubbells while she is on tour, and, when a disappointed Melinda discloses that she has no money, offers her one of the servants\' rooms for the night. Lefty promises Melinda that her mother will return home soon, and then informs Jessica of her daughter\'s arrival. He then suggests that she come to the house the next night when the Hubbells will be giving a party attended by many Broadway performers. Meanwhile, Adolph has discovered Melinda\'s presence, and after Lefty explains the situation, agrees to keep Jessica\'s secret. At the party, Melinda awaits her mother\'s arrival, and while waiting, sees that one of party guests brought along Tom Farnham, who was on the boat with Melinda and had made a pass at her. He had also kept his profession a secret while on the boat. At the party, he entertains the crowd with a song and dance, as he is the male lead in George Ferndel\'s newest production, Lullaby of Broadway. Ferndel, the Broadway producer, tries to persuade Adolphe to invest in his latest show, something Adolph refuses to do unless he is able to help cast the production. Jessica fails to appear at the party because she has been hospitalized with delirium tremens and Lefty explains to Melinda that Jessica\'s show was too popular for her to leave, which leads Melinda to vow to wait for her. In an attempt to cheer up Melinda, Lefty suggests to Adolph that he take her to dinner and present her to Ferndel as the potential new star of his show. Ferndel is impressed by Melinda\'s performance, and as a reward, Adolph decides to buy Melinda a fur coat. Tom happens to see him in the fur shop, and Adolphe has to be him to keep it a secret. The fur arrives at the house and Gloria is horrified, as she believes Adolphe\'s intentions are far from fatherly. Melinda, upset by the insinuations, insists on returning the coat, and informs Lefty and Gloria that they will both have parts in the musical. Before the coat is returned, however, Mrs. Hubbell finds it and believes that it is a surprise for her. She wears it that night to a charity ball where Melinda sees her and candidly remarks to Tom that the coat had originally been meant for her. Tom misinterprets her statements, and the two quarrel bitterly. Although Jessica has been released from the hospital, she fears Melinda\'s reaction to her present state and refuses to meet with her. Right before the show opens, Mrs. Hubbell learns the truth about the fur, and names Melinda in a divorce suit against Mr. Hubbell. Tom offers to "forgive" the shocked Melinda, and she realizes that he, too, thought she was romantically involved with Adolph. Shortly afterward, an aggressive reporter recognizes Jessica\'s picture and tells Melinda the truth about her mother. Completely shattered, Melinda decides to return to England and begs Lefty to pay for her ticket. Gloria and Lefty meet Melinda at the ship and escort her to a stateroom where Jessica is waiting. Mother and daughter are tearfully reunited, and Lefty informs then that Mrs. Hubbell now knows that there was nothing between Melinda and Adolph. They all leave together for the theater, where opening night is a success, and Tom and Melinda are free to pursue their romance.http://www.tcm.com/tcmdb/title.jsp?stid=82175'] ["A story of relationships, happythankyoumoreplease deals with the struggles facing several pairs trying to find their way. The film centers on Sam  and Rasheen , a writer and foster care child who meet when Rasheen is abandoned on the subway. Through this story we learn of Sam's best friend Annie , an Alopecia patient trying to find a reason to be loved, his friend Mary Catherine  and her boyfriend Charlie , a couple facing the prospect of leaving New York, and Mississippi , a waitress/singer trying to make it in the Big Apple. Happythankyoumoreplease captures a generational moment - young people on the cusp of truly growing up, tiring of their reflexive cynicism, each in their own ways struggling to connect and define what it means to love and be loved. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1481572/"] ["After more than a year fantasizing about asking out his co worker, Stanley  finally asks Diana Evans  out on a date. As the two venture out on their first date, Stanley hits a homeless man Phil  with his car, and the events that follow are far from the night of romance that Stanley had planned. While this all is happening, Stan's co-workers, including his friend, Michael  are monitoring the date between Stan and Diana and they are betting on how far Stan will get with the beautiful Diana."] ["Alice Tate is an upper-class New York housewife, who spends her days shopping, getting beauty treatments, and gossiping with her friends. She has been married to wealthy Doug for fifteen years, and they have two children, who are being raised by a nanny. One day, she has a brief encounter with Joe Ruffalo, a handsome jazz musician. She finds herself mysteriously attracted to him and experiences Catholic guilt for these feelings. This inner turmoil manifests itself in a backache. She is referred to Dr. Yang, an Asian herbalist who puts her under hypnosis. She reveals that what initially attracted her to her husband were in fact his superficial qualities: looks and money. She also reveals her feelings about Joe. Dr. Yang gives Alice ancient herbs that make her act on her feelings toward Joe Ruffalo. They agree to meet. When the herbs wear off, Alice is appalled at her behavior. She does not go to meet him as planned. The next herbs she receives turn her invisible. She spies on Joe going to visit his ex-wife Vicky. Much to prudish Alice's horror, they make love in Vicky's office. Alice is now glad she did not go to meet Joe. However, the next herbal remedy allows Alice to communicate with the ghost of her first lover, Ed. He encourages her to find out more about Joe. Alice and Joe finally meet, under the pretense of their children having a 'play-date'. Alice and Joe's meetings become increasingly frequent. When her guilt over her relationship with Joe becomes too much, Alice returns to Dr. Yang. Inhaling the soothing contents of a pipe, Alice falls asleep in Dr. Yang's rooms. She has vivid dreams about her Catholic upbringing. She remembers her mother. She remembers that she was at her happiest when she was helping people. She realises that she has lost sight many of her goals in her materialistic luxurious lifestyle. She also realises this at a fundraising evening in honour of Mother Theresa, one of Alice's idols. After the fundraiser, Joe and Alice sleep together. Alice realises she is falling in love with him. Alice shares the remaining invisibility herbs with Joe. She hears two of her friends gossiping about her and Joe. The gossip then moves onto Doug, where it is revealed that he has been having affairs, too. Invisible, Alice goes to his office party, where she sees Doug kissing a colleague. Alice decides to leave Doug once and for all. She tells this to Joe. However, Joe has decided to reunite with his ex-wife after he  spied on her therapy sessions and realised she still has feelings for him. Stunned, Alice goes to Dr. Yang, who is leaving town. He gives her one final packet of herbs, telling her that these will create a potent love potion. Alice must choose between Joe and Doug. She goes to her sister Dorothy for advice. However, Dorothy is having a Christmas party, and the herbs get mixed in with the eggnog. All the men in the party become enamoured with Alice. She flees in panic. At home, Alice tells Doug that their marriage is over. She reveals her plans to go to Calcutta and work with Mother Teresa. Doug scoffs at this, doubting that Alice could survive without the luxuries she has grown accustomed to. However, Doug is proved wrong. Alice goes to Calcutta, where she meets Mother Teresa. On returning to New York, she moves into a modest apartment, raises the children on her own, and does volunteer work in her spare time."] ["Rebecca is a film actress, who is about to make her stage debut at Lincoln Center. Her husband, Tom gave up a lucrative job in advertising to take care of their young daughter. Occasionally, Tom and Rebecca have sex; once a year, they meet with their therapist, Dr. Beekman. Tom and Rebecca's best friends are her brother Tobey, a sportswriter, and his girlfriend Elaine. Elaine, who has been dating Tobey for seven years, has begun to feel the ticking of her biological clock. Tom and Rebecca each face extramarital temptations. Tom responds to a personal crisis that stems from his decision to choose kids over career by watching pornography and having an affair with a divorced mother from his son's school. Rebecca is pursued on the set by a young costar, Jasper, who would like to be able to claim that he's bedded a famous actress."] ['During the junior high graduation, Lizzie McGuire  is forced to make a speech in place of the class president, Margaret Chan, where she trips onstage and brings the curtain down on her fellow graduates. She and her friends then leave on a class trip to Rome for two weeks, accompanied by her rude and strict new high school principal, Ms. Ungermeyer , and her ex-best friend, Kate Sanders . After Lizzie discovers that she is sharing a room with Kate, Ms. Ungermeyer takes them to the Trevi Fountain where Lizzie throws a penny into the water for good luck. A few seconds later, she meets a famous Italian pop star, Paolo , who exclaims how much she resembles his singing partner, Isabella . Paolo promises to meet Lizzie at the Trevi Fountain the next day if Lizzie wishes to see him again. The next day, Lizzie pretends to be sick and sneaks off to meet Paolo. She goes on a drive with him, agreeing to sing with him as Isabella to prevent Isabella from being sued for lip-synching. Later, Lizzie discovers that she also has to lip-synch "What Dreams Are Made Of", but agrees to do that. Kate later finds out the truth but helps Lizzie instead. Lizzie continues to pretend to be sick, but when her scheme is about to be discovered, Gordo covers for her by telling Ms. Ungermeyer that he was the one who was sneaking out. Ms. Ungermeyer then has him pack his bags to go home as punishment. Just as he\'s about to board the plane home, he meets the real Isabella at the airport and discovers the truth about Paolo. Meanwhile, when Lizzie is looking for Gordo, Kate tells her that he\'s been sent home. Lizzie is confused as to why he\'d do that and Kate tells her to "wake up" and see that Gordo likes her more than a friend. Gordo and Isabella race to the music event to stop Paolo from making a fool of Lizzie on stage. The two reach Lizzie on time to warn her and convince her the truth, with Isabella reminding her that she\'s only known Paolo for a few days. Paolo\'s plan was to show the world that Isabella is lip-synching; ironically, it turns out that Paolo himself was lip-synching. Isabella and Gordo exposes Paolo by pulling the plug on his recorded tape and turning on his microphone, causing him to be shown how fake he actually is. Angry that he\'s been exposed, Paolo leaves where he\'s ambushed by the paparazzi and his bodyguard, Sergei ([[Brendan Kelly , quits out of disgust. Isabella then introduces Lizzie to the crowd and has Lizzie sing "What Dreams Are Made Of" live in front of the entire audience inside the Colosseum. Among the crowd are her parents, brother and her schoolmates and Ms. Ungermeyer who got in by beating up the bouncers. Later at the hotel, Sergei has formed a new relationship with Ms. Ungermeyer, Ms. Ungermeyer respects Gordo for being a loyal friend to Lizzie and looks forward to their years in high school. Lizzie\'s parents tell her that while they\'re proud of her, she\'s grounded for the rest of the summer and Matt\'s attempt to embarrass Lizzie is thwarted by the hotel concierge. Lizzie and Gordo sneak away for the last time from the after-party and went up to the roof to talk. Lizzie asks him to promise that things will always be the same between them to which Gordo reassures her that will be and tells her that he will always believe in her. Lizzie then kisses Gordo as thanks for being there for her throughout the whole Paolo situation. As they both go back to the afterparty, the fireworks spell "The End" as the ending for both the series and the movie.'] ['An aged Henry van Cleve  enters the opulent reception area of Hell, to be personally greeted by "His Excellency" . Henry petitions to be admitted , but there is some doubt as to his qualifications. To prove his worthiness , he begins to tell the story of his dissolute life. Born in Manhattan on October 25, 1872, Henry is the spoiled only child of stuffy, clueless, wealthy parents Randolph  and Bertha . His paternal grandmother  is also doting and naive, although his down-to-earth grandfather Hugo van Cleve , a self-made millionaire, understands Henry quite well. Henry grows up an idle young man, with a taste for attractive showgirls. One day, Henry overhears a beautiful woman lying to her mother on a public telephone. Intrigued, he follows her into a Brentano\'s and pretends to be an employee to get to know her better. Despite learning that she is engaged, he begins making advances, finally confessing he does not work there, whereupon she hastily departs. Later, obnoxious cousin Albert  introduces the family to his fiancee, Martha  and her feuding parents, the Strables . Henry is shocked to find that his mystery woman and Martha are one and the same. It turns out that Albert was the first suitor of whom both her parents approved. Fearful of spending the rest of her life as a spinster in Kansas City, Martha agreed to marry him. Henry convinces her to elope with him instead. Though everyone  is scandalized, eventually they are received back into the family. Henry and Martha enjoy a happy marriage and become the proud parents of a boy. On the eve of their tenth anniversary, however, Martha finds out about Henry\'s continuing dalliances with other women and goes back to her parents. Henry and Grandpa follow her there. Sneaking into the Strabel house, Henry begs her forgiveness and talks her into "eloping" a second time, much to Grandpa\'s delight. Fifteen years later, Henry meets a chorus girl  in her dressing room shortly before her performance. What begins as a courtship is soon revealed an an attempt by Henry to turn her away from his son, who has been dating her. When she reveals her knowledge of his true identity, Henry buys her off instead for $25,000. Martha passes away shortly after their twenty-fifth anniversary. Henry resumes an active social life much to the bemusement of his son. On October 26, 1942, the day after his 70th birthday, Henry dies under the care of a beautiful nurse, having portended her coming in a dream. After hearing Henry\'s story, His Excellency denies him entry and suggests he try the "other place", where Martha and his grandfather are waiting for him, hinting that there might be "a small room vacant in the annex".'] ['Emotionally withdrawn Joel Barish  and unhinged free spirit Clementine Kruczynski  strike up a relationship on a Long Island Rail Road train from Montauk, New York. They are almost immediately drawn to each other on account of their radically different personalities. Although they apparently do not realize it at the time, Joel and Clementine are in fact former lovers, now separated after having spent two years together. After a nasty fight, Clementine hired the New York City firm Lacuna, Inc. to erase all her memories of their relationship.  Upon discovering this, Joel is devastated and decides to undergo the procedure himself, a process that takes place while he sleeps. Much of the film takes place in Joel\'s mind. As his memories are erased, Joel finds himself revisiting them in reverse. Upon seeing happier times of love with Clementine from earlier in their relationship, he struggles to preserve at least some memory of her and his love for her. Despite his efforts, the memories are slowly erased, with the last memory of Clementine telling him: "Meet me in Montauk". In separate but related story arcs occurring during Joel\'s memory erasure, the employees of Lacuna are revealed to be more than peripheral characters. Patrick , one of the Lacuna technicians performing the erasure, is dating Clementine while viewing Joel\'s memories, and copying aspects of their relationship in order to seduce her. Mary , the Lacuna receptionist, turns out to have had an affair with Dr. Howard Mierzwiak , the married doctor who heads the company—a relationship which she agreed to have erased from her memory when it was discovered by his wife. Once Mary learns this, she quits her job and steals the company\'s records, then sends them out to all clients of the company. Joel and Clementine come upon their Lacuna records shortly after re-encountering each other on the train. They react with shock and bewilderment, given that they have no clear memory of having known each other, let alone having had a relationship and having had their memories erased. Joel beckons Clementine to start over; Clementine initially resists, pointing out it could go the same way. Joel accepts this, and they decide to attempt a relationship anyway, starting their life together anew.'] ['Nothing has been the same in the little town of Long Bay, Ontario since Chris Cutter  disappeared ten years ago. When curling star Cutter took off, he didn\'t just throw away a chance to win the Golden Broom&nbsp;– the "Stanley Cup" of the curling world&nbsp;– he actually hurled the curling stones into the waters of local Trout Lake. And he also threw away his chance at love, leaving his beautiful fiancée Julie Foley  standing at the altar. Although Julie survived Cutter\'s rapid retreat , he sank the sporting dreams of his three teammates and left them behind to fend for themselves. And they haven\'t fared too well: Neil Bucyk  is a dissatisfied mortician in a marriage as lifeless as his customers; James Lennox  is constantly courting trouble, and this time he\'s headed for a date with a thug who\'s tracking him down in search of payback; and Eddie Strombeck  can\'t impregnate his wife because of his single digit sperm count. But Cutter\'s former Coach&nbsp;– and Julie\'s father&nbsp;– has hatched an idea that just might change all their fates. Aided by his other daughter Amy , a single mother who battles alcohol alongside broken dreams, the Coach dreams up a plan that involves reclaiming the curling rocks from the bottom of Trout Lake. But while raising the rocks, the Coach dies of a heart attack. Returning for the funeral, Cutter grows nostalgic for Long Bay and those he left behind. But, it is not until he hears the codicil to Coach Foley\'s will that he becomes entangled in the dead coach\'s plan and is determined to stay. In the will, Coach Foley stipulates that he wants his ashes placed in the curling team\'s Copernicus stone; he wants Cutter to re-form the Long Bay Curling Club team; and moreover, he wants them to place his stone&nbsp;– now his urn&nbsp;– on the "button"  to finally win the Golden Broom. Realizing that the team needs a coach in order to win, Cutter calls upon an eccentric retired curling champion&nbsp;– his estranged father Gordon Cutter . Thus, these four men with brooms, along with their coach, set off on a comedic journey which takes them from frozen lakes to huge arenas, searching for perfect stones, lost loves, and second chances.'] ['Woo  is an extroverted woman living in New York City, and she has a notorious knack for turning men into mush. When Woo\'s psychic friend Celestrial  predicts that the man of her dreams is about to enter her life, Woo doesn\'t believe it is true. Celestrial, however, is convinced that Woo is destined to meet a tall, debonair Virgo. Woo\'s cousin Claudette  and Claudette\'s boyfriend Lenny  plan to spend the night together but find themselves entertaining Woo instead. Lenny begs his best friend Tim Jackson  to take Woo out — even though shy, straight-laced law clerk Tim is the polar opposite of the sassy and brassy Woo. That same night, Lenny and Claudette\'s night goes wrong when his sick obsession with chicken drives her to be forced to dress up as a sexy but awkward "chicken ho"  but she is allergic to feathers. At first, Woo expresses disinterest in the matchmaking mismatch. But when she\'s told that Tim is a Virgo, she decides it is fate, jumps at the chance, and immediately heads for Tim\'s apartment. Meanwhile, Tim, who can\'t believe his luck, goes next door to his neighbor Darryl  for tips on romancing women. Darryl supplies Tim with incense, edible body oils, and a tape of sexy songs. When Woo arrives, Tim is completely smitten. Woo, however, discovers that Tim is anything but the sexy, spontaneous stud of her dreams. Finding Tim\'s pseudo-cool act totally transparent, she humiliates and teases him. They are just about to exit Tim\'s apartment when Tim is visited by three of his pals — Frankie , Hop , and Romaine . The chauvinistic attitude of Tim\'s friends irritates Woo, so she retaliates and freaks out the trio by acting insane. Finally, the date gets underway. Woo and Tim arrive at a stuffy Italian restaurant, but Woo\'s behavior gets them thrown out. They go to a dance club, where Tim becomes the victim, punched out by Woo\'s ex-boyfriend. Woo likes a good laugh, and when Tim discovers the theft of his flashy new car, she finds this hilarious. And so it goes, straight on till morning.  *Tim\'s friends: Frankie, Hop and Romaine have their own night of fun, gradually going to the same places Woo and Tim go. Unfortunately for them, they unwittingly go to a night club with mostly drag queens, but Hop thinks they are really women. Tagline: It\'s her world.. we\'re just living in it.'] ['Everything was going fine for hot young 25 year old Jeana  until her newscaster boyfriend accidentally revealed on TV that Jeana herself is still a virgin despite being in her mid 20s. Jeana is completely humiliated by this, and adding insult to injury is the fact that the revelation of her virginity has made her a target for every oversexed man in the immediate area, all of them determined to "make a real woman out of her". Noting dejectedly that ever since it was revealed that she is a virgin, everyman who looks at her "wants a date", all her optimistic romantic ideals have been shattered. Ultimately she cannot salvage her relationship with her newscaster boyfriend, but in the end, she does finally find a man, a photographer, who is decent enough to be the man to whom she finally loses her virginity.'] ["Ray Pluto has horrid memories of watching his wife and child die in a traffic accident. He's also a cop who's the laughingstock of New York City because his back went out while trying to stop a mass murderer &mdash; who was then shot by a child. For his back, he gets help from a chiropractor. Meanwhile, a teenager hires thugs to kill her father, who's the super in Ray's apartment building. In the same building, two young men are writing a movie script. Ray tries to get past his grief to solve the assault on the super and also return the affections of the chiropractor."] ['Billy, a shy young man looking for a date, meets the beautiful Jenny Smith at a nightclub. They enter a relationship where Billy is bashful to tell Jenny that he loves her due to fear of being "trapped", and both paramours are given advice from their respective friends. The couple engage in sexual encounters while using barrier devices, and during these encounters, Billy is unable to reveal Jenny his affection. Then, one year after their first meeting, Billy and Jenny decide to take a vacation, and  sleep together without condoms or diaphragms. Soon after, Jenny discovers that she is pregnant, and argues with Billy who accuses her of trapping him into marriage while the couple then take bad consultations from their coworkers. Eventually, Jenny decides to go to a clinic to abort her unwanted child. Billy comes to his senses and stops her from doing so, resulting in the two confessing their love for one another. The film ends with Billy and Jenny getting happily married, and they celebrate the birth of their newborn child.'] ['Billy Collier ([[Sean Hayes  is an aspiring photographer in Los Angeles who has had little artistic success and much romantic frustration. He comes up with the idea of recreating iconic screen kisses from Hollywood movies  using drag queens in the female roles. While out for coffee with his roommate Georgiana , he meets Gabriel ([[Brad Rowe , the server. That night at a party, Billy\'s friend Perry  agrees to finance Billy\'s Screen Kiss project and Billy serendipitously runs into Gabriel. Billy recruits him to model and the two develop a friendship . Billy quickly becomes infatuated with Gabriel, but cannot figure out if Gabriel is really straight; Gabriel does little to help, continually sending ambiguous signals. At Perry\'s invitation, the two attend an exhibit by photographer Rex Webster, who tries to poach Gabriel as a model . Webster offers to take Gabriel to Catalina Island for an underwear ad shoot, sparking Billy\'s jealousy. Back at Gabriel\'s place, Billy and Gabriel seem to be getting closer but their rapport is interrupted by a phone call from Gabriel\'s girlfriend Natalie. Billy shoots his first setup with Gabriel, the Lancaster-Kerr kiss. Following the shoot, Gabriel tells Billy that his relationship with Natalie is over. Billy mentions the Kinsey scale, on which Billy describes himself as a "perfect six," but Gabriel admits he does not know where on the scale he falls. Back at Billy\'s apartment, they continue to talk and drink and Gabriel asks if he can spend the night on the couch. Billy suggests that Gabriel sleep in his bed , to which Gabriel eventually agrees. When the two are in bed, Billy makes tentative overtures, to which Gabriel seems to respond initially; however, Gabriel suddenly pulls away, after which Billy apologizes and gets up to sleep on the couch. Gabriel gets the underwear modeling job and goes to Catalina. Billy follows after him to Catalina with Georgiana, who, on the rebound from her boyfriend, Andrew , hooks up with drug-addled island resident "Gundy" . Billy crashes Rex Webster\'s  underwear shoot looking for Gabriel, but does not find him. Billy eventually tracks Gabriel down at Rex\'s party later that night and the two talk on the beach. Billy relates to Gabriel how confused he was when he came out, saying, "I swore to myself that if I could ever be there for somebody, I would, so that that person wouldn\'t have to go through all the shit I went through. What I\'m trying to say is, if you\'re having problems figuring out where you stand, even if you\'re not sure of what you\'re supposed to want-" Abruptly, however, before Billy can finish, one of Gabriel\'s fellow male models walks up to them. Billy instantly realizes that the two of them are in some kind of relationship with each other and Gabriel tells Billy straightforwardly, "Billy, I\'m pretty sure what I\'m supposed to want." Gabriel tries to soften the blow, but Billy rebuffs him. Billy feels hurt and even wonders if Gabriel used him to get his modeling career off the ground. Later, Perry tries to console Billy, telling him that a few years earlier Perry had similarly fallen for someone who did not return his affections; Perry confesses that that man was Billy. The next morning, Georgiana has ditched Gundy. Billy and Georgiana then head back home. The movie ends with the opening of Billy\'s "Hollywood Screen Kiss" series exhibition in Los Angeles, which includes his photos of Gabriel. The exhibit appears to be very successful and Billy receives many congratulations from various visitors. Perry shows Billy a magazine with an underwear ad featuring Gabriel and suggests that Billy give him a call. Billy demurs, saying he needs some time away. Toward the end of the night, after his friends have gone, Billy meets a handsome young man named Joshua  who enthusiastically admires Billy\'s photographic work. It is suggested that along with his newfound artistic success, Billy may at last find romantic fulfillment as well. The film is punctuated with Billy\'s fantasy sequences of himself and Gabriel in pastiches of romantic film scenes, including the aforementioned From Here to Eternity and the films of Fred Astaire. Billy carries a Polaroid camera with him everywhere, and his reminiscences are illustrated with Polaroid photographs. The film in fact opens with such a monologue, with Billy relying on a series of Polaroids while relating how he grew up gay "in a small town in Indiana, where there\'s plenty of corn, fast cars, and straights. Lots and lots of straights. I mean, a lot." Billy\'s opening narrative demonstrates his awareness that he is in a film and breaking the fourth wall. Several scenes in the movie are backed up by classic songs of bygone times sung by notable and lesser known divas; these are lip-synced by more or less the same troupe of drag queens, a running gag throughout the film.'] ["Arthur Bach  is a spoiled alcoholic from New York City who likes to be driven in his chauffeured limousine through Central Park. He is heir to his father Stanford's  $750 million fortune, which he is told will only be his if he marries the upper class Susan Johnson . He does not love Susan, but his family feels she will make him finally grow up. Arthur reluctantly agrees to the arranged marriage, but he meets a working-class Queens waitress, Linda Marolla , and despite her being a shoplifter, is attracted to her. Arthur struggles with his promise to marry Susan. While visiting his grandmother Martha , Arthur shares his feelings for Linda, but is warned again that he will be disowned. His valet, Hobson , who has been more like a father to him than Arthur's real father, realizes that Arthur is beginning to grow up and secretly encourages Linda to attend Arthur's engagement party, telling Linda he recognizes when a young man is in love. Hobson is hospitalized and Arthur rushes to his side. After several weeks, Hobson dies and then Arthur, who has been sober that whole time, goes on a drinking binge. On his wedding day, he visits the diner where Linda works and proposes to her. At the church, he jilts Susan, resulting in her abusive father, Burt Johnson ([[Stephen Elliott , attempting to stab Arthur with a cheese knife, though he is prevented by Martha. Arthur tells those in the church that there will be no wedding and passes out. Linda attends to his wounds and they discuss living a life of poverty. A horrified Martha tells Arthur that he can have his fortune because no Bach has ever been working class. Arthur declines, but at the last minute, talks privately to Martha. When he returns to Linda's side, he tells her that he declined again – Martha's dinner invitation, he means, but he did take the money. Arthur's pleased chauffeur Bitterman  drives the couple through Central Park."] ["Fed up with her dead-end job with a Minneapolis car rental agency, Martha quits, cashes her final paycheck, and uses the money to purchase an airline ticket to the least expensive international destination she can find - London. At the airport, she meets Daniel, a successful music label executive, who covertly arranges for her to be upgraded to First Class and seated next to him on the flight. When she sells the ticket to another passenger and Daniel finds his seatmate is an obnoxiously loud woman instead of the girl of his dreams, he moves back to the Economy section and takes the vacant seat next to Martha. Before landing in London, he offers her the use of a deluxe suite in a luxury hotel at his company's expense in exchange for a lunch date the following day. Through a series of flashbacks and flashforwards, we learn Laurence, a former bridge champion who now teaches the game to wealthy women, went to the airport to pick up Daniel but missed him because the flight landed early. Instead, he literally runs into Martha, who hits him with a luggage cart while searching for the exit. She coerces him into taking her into the city and invites him to the suite for dinner. While she is in the bathroom, a bouquet of flowers from Daniel is delivered to the suite, and when Laurence sees the attached card, he departs without explanation. The following day, Martha meets struggling actor Frank, who has fled an audition in a panic and has gone to the park to console himself with a pint of whiskey. Having heard about her from Daniel, he realizes who she is and calls Laurence to boast that he is about to make her his conquest. He takes her to a nearby art gallery. Martha slips away and heads for the exit, where she reunites with Laurence, who was looking for the pair. He invites her back to his flat, and she accepts. Torn between loyalty to Daniel and love for Martha, Laurence seeks advice from Pederson, a neighbor he mistakenly believes is a psychiatrist, in the early morning hours. In the interim, Martha awakens and, seeing a photograph of the three friends, assumes she has been the target of an elaborate practical joke. To get even, she separately invites each of the men to meet her for breakfast, and when all three arrive, bearing floral arrangements of varying size, a brawl ensues. Laurence sees Martha running off in the distance but is unable to catch her. Despondent, he goes to a travel agency to purchase a ticket anywhere he can go for £99, which proves to be Reykjavík. At the airport gate, he is told he is being seated in First Class, and when he boards the plane, he finds Martha waiting for him. She reveals she was responsible for the upgrade, a trick she learned from Daniel."] ['Andrew Largeman  wakes up from a dream—in which he apathetically sits on a crashing plane—to a telephone message from his father , telling Andrew that he needs to return home because his mother has died. Andrew leaves Los Angeles and returns home to New Jersey to attend the funeral. He recognizes the grave-diggers as old friends Mark  and Dave ([[Alex Burns , who invite him to a party that night, where they meet up with Jesse , an old friend who has just earned a fortune after creating silent Velcro. After smoking marijuana, he takes ecstasy at the party but remains detached. At home, his father books Andrew a doctor\'s appointment for headaches he\'s been having. The morning after the party, Andrew proceeds to the appointment. In the waiting room, he meets a girl named Sam , who is a pathological liar. She later explains that most times she does not know why she lies and will always admit to them afterward. In Andrew\'s meeting with his doctor , it is revealed that Andrew has been on lithium and other mood stabilizers, as well as antidepressants, for his entire adult life, but has recently stopped taking them. He also says that his father, who is his psychiatrist, put him on the medication. Andrew finds Sam outside the office and offers her a ride home. Sam invites him into her house, and he meets her mother, who inadvertently reveals that Sam is an epileptic. Andrew tells Sam of his mother\'s death, and Sam tearfully eulogizes her hamster. After returning home, Andrew\'s father confronts him and is insistent that they have a talk before Andrew leaves. Later, Andrew and Jesse sit in the cemetery as Mark digs another grave. Andrew observes Mark stealing jewelry from the corpse he is burying. Andrew then returns to Sam\'s house, and the two spend the rest of the day together, joining his friends later at Jesse\'s mansion. Andrew tells her that when he was nine years old he pushed his mother in frustration, knocking her over a broken dishwasher in an accident that left her paraplegic; he says that his father blames him for his wife\'s paralysis and put him on his medications to "curb the anger" he supposedly harbors. Sam listens, and Andrew then admits his feelings for her. The next day, Mark tells Andrew that he needs help "tracking down" a going-away present for him. Sam, Andrew, and Mark spend the day together, ending it in a quarry in Newark where Mark talks to a man named Albert , who is employed in keeping intruders out of the quarry. The three visitors discuss the reasons for which Albert and his wife choose to live in the quarry. Albert explains that living there and exploring the quarry is "doing something that\'s completely unique, that\'s never been done before," mirroring an earlier speech by Sam. Finally, Albert explains that what actually matters is living with his family. Andrew is inspired by the conversation, and outside in the rain, he climbs atop a derelict crane and screams into the quarry, joined by Sam and Mark. He and Sam then share a kiss. When Mark and Andrew look at the gift later on, it turns out to be Andrew\'s mother\'s favorite pendant, one of the items Mark stole from her grave, sold, and subsequently located. Andrew eventually talks with his father, and states that he was not to blame for his mother\'s accident and that he will live the rest of his life without medications. He forgives his father and says he wants to build a better relationship with him. The morning after, Andrew says his goodbyes to Sam at the airport, while she begs him not to leave. He acknowledges that she has changed his life but that he still has to fix his personal problems before continuing the relationship. Andrew boards the flight, and Sam is left crying in a telephone booth. Andrew then returns, saying that he doesn\'t want to waste any more of his life without Sam. He wonders what to do next, and the two then kiss.'] ["Castella  owns a steel factory. He is told that in order to conduct a business with a group of Iranians ,he must learn English, so he hires Clara  to teach him. His wife, Angelique , is an interior decorator who loves her dog and is in the process of working on her sister-in-law's apartment. The couple go to the theatre, where their niece is performing in a production of Bérénice, accompanied by the driver, Bruno , and Castella's temporary bodyguard, Franck . While there, he sees Clara, who is an actress. Meanwhile, we learn from Franck and Bruno's conversation that the former was a police officer. After working tirelessly with his partner towards bringing down a seemingly untouchable criminal, their investigation was abruptly ended. Franck had finally suffered enough corruption and quit the force, while the partner he respected never spoke a word about it. Franck sends Bruno to the bar to buy cigarettes. The barmaid, Manie , remembers having had sex with Bruno, but Bruno regrets that he does not remember her. Bérénice over, Clara goes to the bar with her friends, including Antoine and Valerie, and their conversation reveals that she is afraid of never working again; after all, she is forty years old. Bruno, whose fiance is doing an internship in the United States, spends the night with Manie, who, it turns out, sells drugs on the side and is frequently visited by clients. Franck meets Manie through Bruno and they start a relationship. Previously uninterested in theater and reluctant about seeing a play rather than having dinner in a restaurant, Castella attends another of Clara's performance and develops a fascination with her bohemian lifestyle. He joins her and her friends for lunch and attends an art show where he buys a piece. However, his cultural ignorance and general roughness makes him a laughingstock. At the bar with Clara's friends, he is made to say that Henrik Ibsen is his favorite comic playwright, alongside other dramatists like Tennessee Williams. Clara confides to her friend Manie that Castella is thick. Castella's English is poor at first, but he soon makes progress. He and Clara move the classes from his office to an English tea room, and to mark his progress, he writes a poem dedicated to Clara; however, he is dismayed when she says that she does not share the feelings expressed in his poem. One day she waits at the tea room and he doesn't show up. Throughout the film, Bruno practices his flute, which he plays in a band. Later, he gently complains to Manie that he does hasn't received news from his girlfriend who has gone to the US for an internship. Finally, the girlfriend tells him that she has, like him, slept with someone else, and also wants to stay in the States. Manie has now developed an intense affair with Franck, to the point that they speak of marriage—jokingly, they say. However, Franck reveals himself to be more and more angry and bothered regarding Manie's drug dealing, which proves to finally end their relationship. Castella and Angelique are drifting apart, which is made clear when she moves the painting he bought from Clara's friend, she doesn't like it and that it doesn't go with rest of the house. He retorts that he can't stand living in a dollhouse any longer and leaves her, unknowingly mimicking the protagonist's actions at the end of Ibsen's play A Doll's House. Clara starts to feel that her friends are taking advantage of Castella and tells him. He tells her that he bought the painting and is working with her friend to redesign the front of his factory not for her but because he truly likes those things. Franck's contract is finished, and Bruno reveals that the corrupt politician he had tried to send to prison was finally caught by his former partner. Bruno says that he thinks the partner was right to stay on the force after all. This leads Franck to drive to Manie's apartment for a reconciliation. From her window, she sees him reach the door to the lobby, but he hesitates and finally drives away. Clara lands the lead part in Hedda Gabler and invites Castella to the opening. Agitated after seeing an empty chair all night, Clara is overjoyed to see him in the audience as she takes her final bow."] ['The small renowned Italian factory Cherry Orchard produces a famous cherry liqueur. Because of the many debts, the owner Fabrizio and his sister Liuba think about how to find a solution to avoid bankruptcy. To try to get the benefit are Alessio, the firm janitor’s son and old friend enriched due to finance, and his young Russian lover, Cherry, whose nickname is ironically inspired by one of flagship projects of the small factory. Freely based on the book "The Cherry Orchard" by Anton Chekhov, Cherry Cherie is a romantic drama on the themes of return, property and salvation.'] ["Billie is a 15-year-old girl who is not like every other teen. With her bobbed haircut, tomboyish behavior and passion for track running, she distances herself from her fellow female classmates. Instead, she befriends Mike Benson, the newest school student who has recently joined the school athletic team. She gives him advice on how to run faster, and although he is initially reluctant to be taught a man's sport from a girl, he soon notices how gifted she is and is happy to listen to her. One day, the school coach Jones, sees her running on the track, and allows her to be on the team. The town is shocked by this event, with most people feeling that it is inappropriate for a girl to be associated with athletics. Billie is unaffected by the gossips and criticism, though she feels sad over how much trouble she is causing her father, Howard G. Carol. Howard is running for Mayor against Charlie Davis, and is harmed by the string of negative publicity. He at first sticks by his daughter's side, but later, as the elections near, attempts to make her quit the team. This upsets Billie, who has immediately been accepted as 'one of the guys' on the team. She reveals that she is able to run quickly due to listening to a fast beat in her head, and teaches the other guys how to do the same. During this process, she grows closer to Mike. Meanwhile, Billie's older sister Jean has returned from University to spend time with her family. Jean admits to her sister that she has been married to a man named Bob Matthews for seven months. Furthermore, she finds out that she is pregnant with his child. Howard is not aware of Jean's situation and encourages her to date other men, setting her up with Matt Bullitt. When the scandalous news about her pregnancy comes out, Howard's chances of becoming a mayor is even less. To save her father's career, Jean overcomes her fear and reveals that she has been married to Bob for over a year. Howard is at first shocked and slugs Bob, but later accepts and even embraces the news. In the end, Billie wins the big match and becomes Mike's girlfriend. Afterward, he makes clear that he has no trouble with the fact that she is better at sports than he is. Howard wins the election and becomes the town's mayor. His loving and caring wife reveals that she is pregnant at the afterparty."] ['Ryden Malby graduates from college in the middle of the late-2000s recession and is forced to move back in with her parents, because her dream job has been given to her arrogant college nemesis Jessica Bard. Ryden and her best friend Adam who has had a longtime crush on her must find a job for Ryden before she loses hope for her future dream as an editor of a big publishing company. But will sudden feelings for her longtime friend interfere with her dreams?'] ["Struggling musician Neal Downs  works as manager of a little New Orleans eatery called Flakes, owned by an old hippie, Willie B , that serves nothing but cold cereal to its loyal clientele. When a rival franchise opens up across the street, Neal's girlfriend, the self-named Pussy Katz , applies for a job at the new establishment as a means of getting back at Neal for refusing to hire her at his place."] ['In 1995, Chris Brander  is an obese, curly-haired high school student with a lisp, braces, and a "gentle giant" demeanor. He attends the graduation party of his best friend, Jamie Palamino , on whom he secretly has a crush. He plans to confess his feelings by writing them in Jamie\'s yearbook. When Chris tries to return Jamie\'s yearbook, it is taken by her despicable ex-boyfriend, Tim . Tim reads Chris\'s confession aloud at the party wherein Chris is publicly humiliated. He is further demoralized when Jamie doesn\'t reciprocate his feelings. Chris receives a kiss on the cheek from Jamie and is told that they are like brother and sister. When the mob of partygoers burst out of the house again, Jamie admonishes them for making fun of Chris. Chris leaves on his bicycle tearfully and vows to leave town and never return in order to achieve greater success than his classmates. Ten years later, Chris has lost weight, is handsome and is a highly successful Los Angeles record producer. He is also a womanizer. Prior to Christmas, Chris\' boss, KC , orders Chris to accompany an emerging, self-obsessed pop singer called Samantha James,  to Paris. KC wants Chris to ensure Samantha signs with him. Chris sees difficulties in this but follows orders. During the trip to Paris, Samantha sets her private jet on fire by using aluminum foil in the plane\'s microwave oven. This necessitates an emergency landing in New Jersey, near Chris\'s hometown. Chris takes the singer to his mother\'s house for a place to spend the night and re-engages with his teenage past, including his unresolved feelings for Jamie. At the local bar, Chris encounters some old classmates, including Tim, who is now balding, fat and a heavy drinker. Jamie also appears, working as a bartender to support herself through graduate school. Chris plans to impress and seduce Jamie. However, a number of unexpected problems, including a growing realization that Jamie\'s friendship is important to him, hamper Chris\' plan. Chris bonds with Jamie on several occasions and during a friendly ice skating "day date", Chris is taken away in an ambulance after being injured in a game of hockey. Jamie is reunited with Dusty Dinkleman ([[Chris Klein , a paramedic and former high school nerd who was also in love with her. Prior to his date, Chris had left his younger brother, Mike , to spend time with Samantha. Samantha eventually pushes Mike against the bathroom wall to find out Chris\' location and, following initial resistance, Samantha, knowing Mike\'s strong feelings towards her, passionately kisses him, resulting in the brother\'s disclosure . Samantha consequently becomes jealous towards Jamie, believing that the old classmates are in a relationship, and in an angry rage, Samantha destroys Jamie\'s family\'s Christmas decorations. Embarrassed by Samantha\'s actions, Chris returns home but is visited by Jamie there. Jamie reveals that she is not mad at Chris and plans to spend the night with him; but, due to Chris\' continuing lack of assertion, the two end up falling asleep and no romance ensues. The day after Samantha\'s vandalism, Jamie speaks with Darla , who is now married to Clark , about the night before and her fear that Chris lack of affection might mean that he doesn\'t like her. Jamie admits that whilst the two are "just friends", she tried to "put herself out there" to Chris, to show Chris that she is interested in a relationship. Meanwhile, Chris attends Clark\'s workplace, a dental surgery, to talk to Clark, revealing to him that "the timing wasn\'t right" and that their shared history hinders his willingness to have sex with her. Chris explains that he feels like he is in high school again. Later, Chris and Clark catch Dusty singing to a sexy nurse and then kissing her. Dusty then reveals to Chris and Clark that he only plans to have sex with Jamie, as he wants to humiliate her in the same way that he felt she used to humiliate him. Chris tries to warn Jamie about Dusty during a children\'s Christmas pageant, but instead ends up attacking Dusty and ruining the play. Jamie refuses to listen when Chris tries to tell her about the nurse, leaving Chris angry and disappointed with both Jamie and her family. Chris consequently gets drunk and enters the bar where Jamie works, proceeding to blame her for keeping him in the "friend zone"; he also exclaims that Jamie will never amount to anything meaningful. Jamie punches Chris and he is tossed out of the bar at her request. Upon returning to LA, Chris realizes that Jamie is his one true love interest and returns to New Jersey hoping to finally be with her. Chris declares his true love for Jamie at her house and the two kiss outside in view of the neighborhood kids.'] ["Set in picturesque coastal Cornwall, in a tight-knit fishing village in 1936, Ladies in Lavender stars Judi Dench and Maggie Smith playing the leading roles of sisters Ursula  and Janet Widdington . Andrea is played by Daniel Brühl. A gifted young Polish violinist from Krakow, Andrea is bound for America when he is swept overboard by a storm. When the Widdington sisters discover the handsome stranger on the beach below their house, they nurse him back to health. However, the presence of the musically talented young man disrupts the peaceful lives of Ursula and Janet and the community in which they live. Holidaying artist Olga Daniloff, the sister of famed violinist Boris Daniloff, becomes interested in Andrea after hearing him play the violin. As time progresses, Olga and Andrea grow closer. Olga tells her brother of Andrea's talent, and he asks to meet Andrea in London. Although Andrea cares deeply for the sisters, he knows this is his chance to start a career, and he leaves with Olga without saying goodbye to the women. He later sends them a letter, along with a portrait of himself painted by Olga, thanking them for saving his life. The sisters travel to London to attend Andrea's first public performance."] ['Bodyguard revolves around young Jayakrishnan ([[Dileep , who has a very strange habit; he adulates anyone with a trace of heroism. Whenever he develops an admiration towards a person, he prefers to move with that person as a sort of bodyguard. He starts admiring Ashokan , a former liquor tycoon and leading businessman. Jayakrishnan wants to be Ashokan\'s bodyguard, but Ashokan does not need a bodyguard. Later, Jayakrishnan approaches Ashokan with a recommendation from someone he cannot refuse. He achieves his luck after saving Ashokan from danger. Jayakrishnan thus becomes the bodyguard of Ashokan\'s only daughter Ammu . Jayakrishnan follows Ammu to her college as her bodyguard. Ammu and her friend Sethulakshmi  gets irritated with him following them all day. Jayakrishnan takes his role as bodyguard very seriously and follows the two girls around constantly. In an attempt to get rid of him, Ammu and Sethulakshmi make up a "fake lover" hoping to distract Jayakrishnan from his duties as a bodyguard. It works! Jayakrishnan falls in love with "PRIVATE NUMBER", and is constantly looking for this girl. He has no idea that his lover is Ammu. Ammu, as a joke, calls Jayakrishnan and speaks badly about Ammu. Jayakrishnan gets a little angry and disagrees with her. He believes Ammu is a good-hearted person. That\'s when the viewer is able to tell Ammu is really falling in love with Jayakrishnan. This is no joke anymore. Ammu, later tells Jayakrishnan to run away with her and meet her at a railroad station. Jayakrishnan agrees, not knowing that the girl is Ammu. Ashokan finds out and he believes that Jayakrishnan and Ammu are planning to run away together. In order to save Jayakrishnan\'s life, Ammu lies that it\'s not her. That Jayakrishnan is meeting another girl at the station. Ashokan lets Jayakrishnan go, but tells others to kill Jayakrishnan if a girl does not show up. Terrified, Ammu sends her friend, Sethulakshmi, to the station and tells her to tell Jayakrishnan that Ammu is the lover and she won\'t be able to make it to the station. Sethulakshmi, seeing Jayakrishnan, falls in love, and admits that she is the lover, not Ammu. Ammu calls her twice, but Sethulakshmi throws the cellphone out, trying to erase Ammu out of their love life completely. Years later, after Jayakrishnan and Sethulakshmi\'s marriage, she bore a son. Before her death, she leaves a diary for her son telling the whole story between the phone calls and his father and Ammu. The son later goes to Ammu\'s house with Jayakrishnan to visit Ashokan. Jayakrishnan is shocked Ammu isn\'t married. The son asks Ammu to become his mother and Jayakrishnan is shocked and angry at his son for saying something so blunt and rude. But Ashokan begs Jayakrishnan to take Ammu as his wife. So they go onto the train together but the son runs and throws the diary into a trashcan nearby. Jayakrishnan finds the diary and realizes that his real lover, the girl who\'s waited for him for so many years faithfully, was Ammu. And they live happily ever after.'] ['Make-up artist Sammy  is hired by Dream  as the director of a cosmetic company with Claire  being the only colleague who is willing to assist him. Sammy invites Arnold , a fellow make-up artist, to join him. Though Ron might appear to be a woman’s magnet, his heart still lingers with his first love Mona , a frustrated writer. A minor incident in the new product commercial ties the friendship among Sammy, Ron and the yacht billionaire Syd . Syd meets Claire and aims to pursue her. Having grown up in a poor family, Claire seizes this as a golden opportunity to live a prosperous life and asks Sammy for help to fulfill her dream, without realizing that she has fallen in love with Sammy.'] ["Identical twins Susan Evers and Sharon McKendrick  meet at summer camp, unaware that they are sisters. Their identical appearance initially creates rivalry, and they continually pull pranks on one another. Eventually, their mischief ruins the camp dance. As punishment, they must live together in an isolated cabin for what remains of the summer. After both admit they come from broken homes, they soon realize they are twin sisters and that their parents, Mitch and Maggie , divorced shortly after their birth, with each parent having custody of one of them. The twins, each eager to meet the parent they never knew, switch places. While Susan is in Boston masquerading as Sharon, Sharon goes to California pretending to be Susan. Sharon telephones Susan in Boston with news that their father is planning to marry a gold-digger, and their mother needs to be rushed to California to prevent the union. In Boston, Susan tells her mother the truth about the switched identities and the two fly there. With all four in California, the twins set about  sabotaging their father's marriage plans. Mitch's money-hungry, and much-younger, fiancée, Vicky Robinson , receives rude, mischievous treatment from the girls and some veiled cattiness from Maggie. One evening, the girls recreate their parents' first date at an Italian restaurant with a gypsy violinist. The former spouses are gradually drawn together, though they quickly begin bickering over minor things and Vicky. To delay Maggie's return to Boston with Sharon, the twins dress and talk alike so their parents are unable to tell them apart. They will reveal who is who only after everyone goes on the annual family camping trip. Mitch and Maggie reluctantly agree, but when Vicky objects to the plan, Maggie tricks her into taking her place. The girls effect the coup de grace: Vicky spends her time swatting mosquitoes and being awakened in terror by two bear cubs licking the honey the twins put on her feet. Exasperated, Vicky angrily slaps one of the girls, and Mitch ends the relationship. Mitch and Maggie rekindle their love, and the two remarry in the final scene with the twins in the wedding party."] ["A mismatched couple discovers that whatever can go wrong will go wrong during a family visit in this comedy. Leni  is a television reporter from a Jewish family in Spain. One weekend, Leni drops by her family's home for a visit, with her new boyfriend, college professor Rafi , in tow. Rafi is more than a bit nervous about meeting Leni's family - chronically nervous mother Gloria , blustery father Ernesto , dance-student sister Tania , strait-laced bother David , and addled grandfather Dudu . But Leni quickly makes matters worse when she announces to her family, who are waiting for Ernesto to return from work, that Rafi just happens to be Palestinian. Matters become a bit tense after that as Rafi accidentally drops a block of frozen soup out the high rise window while joking with Tania's young daughter - hitting a man on the head who might just be Ernesto. He and Leni sneak outside to call an ambulance before returning inside because Leni doesn't want to ruin her career with such a scandal. But when Rafi sees Tania's daughter's drawing of Ernesto he realizes what he may have done. As tensions raise, the entire family becomes more and more exuberant, ending with Leni telling her mother of Tania's suspicion that Ernesto is cheating on her. At this point Rafi finally manages to tell Leni he think the man was her father so that Gloria, Tania, Rafi and Leni all rush out of the building to Ernesto's office to try and catch him in the act . We see that Ernesto was not actually dead and he wakes up with some memory loss, leading him to believe that a prostitute is his wife who quickly throws him out when she realizes he has no money. Ernesto continues to wander hopelessly. The family meanwhile arrives at his office only to find another bald man having an affair who tells them Ernesto already left. As Tania and Rafi wait for Leni and Gloria who are having a mother-daughter conversation, Tania seduces Rafi with a dance to a song he knows. She kisses him but he rejects her. When they return, Leni is convinced that Tania slept with him which leads Tania to finally cast off her apparent apathetic view of the family. Everyone leaves the office reconciled and upon their return home, Ernesto is driven up by a woman on a scooter who found him wandering the streets and the family is whole again."] ['{{plot}} The film opens with Gray  at the funeral of her fiancé, Grady. They were supposed to be married that day. Gray is very upset and eventually seeks solace by hiding in the bathtub. Meanwhile, one of Grady\'s friends, Fritz , has seduced one of the catering staff and takes her into the bathroom, not realizing that Gray is there. Gray is forced to listen to them have sex. Once the caterer leaves, she pulls back the shower curtain, startling Fritz. Gray visits the attorney to determine what will happen to Grady\'s estate. Grady did not have a will and since she and Grady were not married, she will not inherit his money. The attorney reveals that Grady had an investment account with a million dollars in it, which Gray knew nothing about. She determines that she can no longer afford to rent the house that they had picked out and she was already living in. With help from Grady\'s friends Dennis  and Sam , she puts her things into storage and moves in with them into Grady\'s old room. Fritz, who lives in L.A., is also staying in the house during his visit. Tensions continue between Gray and Fritz. As Gray investigates Grady\'s investment account, she finds that every month, he transferred $3,000 out of the account. During the night, a separate house phone line rings. Gray wakes up Fritz, thinking the phone is his. He says that it\'s not his and turns it off. At the same time, they realize that the phone must have belonged to Grady. Gray grabs the phone first and turns it on to find ten voicemail messages. She listens to a string of messages from a woman who goes from cautiously concerned to increasingly angry as each message progresses. Gray appears frustrated and upset at what she hears. When Gray researches the phone number, she finds out that the area code is for L.A.. She goes to Fritz for answers, and he reveals that Grady had a son with a woman he met in L.A. and that she depends on the money she received from him to support herself and their son. Fritz tells her that the boy is eight and that the encounter happened before she and Grady were involved. Meanwhile, Gray is further upset when Grady\'s mother asks for the engagement ring back. Gray refuses and keeps the ring. Eventually, the other woman, Maureen , and her son turn up, trying to get answers about Grady and the money. When Gray encounters them, she realizes that the boy is 3 years old, not 8, so the affair happened while she and Grady were together. Gray confronts Fritz about the revelation. She slaps him and he pins her arms against the wall. They kiss, but part and leave without a word. Gray comes to a greater understanding, with this silence, of why Fritz lied and how hiding all this has effected him as well. Gray doesn\'t want anything to do with Maureen, but the guys are reluctant to send her away. They all spend time together and get to know each other. Sam and Maureen begin to develop a connection. Dennis reveals that he has feelings for Gray. Gray lets him down easily, but he becomes furious when he finds that Gray and Fritz are an item. Gray tells Dennis that her relationship with Fritz is "less than nothing", not realizing that he is standing by the doorway and can hear her speaking. Fritz determines that Gray doesn\'t return his feelings for her and he returns to Malibu. Grady\'s mother insists that the boy have a DNA test before inheriting Grady\'s money, as he stands to do under Colorado law. The results determine that Grady was not the father. Maureen is devastated, unsure how she will support her child without Grady\'s money. Gray goes to Grady\'s mother and tells her that she thinks that Grady must have known that the child wasn\'t his, but that his money could make a difference in the boy\'s life. She offers Grady\'s mother the engagement ring in exchange for her giving Grady\'s money to Maureen. The group gathers at the dedication ceremony for the peace garden that Dennis has built to memorialize Grady. Grady\'s mother gives Maureen a certified check. When Gray finds out, she offers the ring back, but Grady\'s mother tells her to keep it. She says that she never cared about the ring or the money, she just wanted her son back. Dennis decides it\'s time for him to be on his own, so he moves out of the house. Maureen and her son move in with Sam. In a voiceover for the memorial, Gray determines that she never fully knew Grady, and while mourning him, has come to have feelings for the one person that they both could be themselves around: Fritz. At the end of the film Gray goes to Malibu. She goes to Fritz\'s house and finds him outside at the beach playing fetch with his dog. She throws the ball and the dog runs after it. Fritz turns around and sees her. She walks toward him and says she should have called then starts rambling. He quiets her by kissing her and says, "What took you so long?" The film ends with Fritz\'s photographs rolling through the credits.'] ["Set in 18th century Ireland, the story follows the exploits of two financially destitute young bachelors, Garrett Byrne and James Strang. Both being younger sons, and therefore not eligible to inherit titles and estates, they become members of an infamous society known as the 'Abduction Club', whose main aim is to woo and then abduct wealthy heiresses in order to marry them . The men decide to set their sights on the beautiful yet feisty Kennedy sisters, Catherine and Anne, but are unprepared for the negative reaction they are to receive, and they soon find themselves on the run across the glorious Irish countryside  from Anne's cold-hearted admirer, John Power, who doesn't take kindly to the news of their kidnapping, and with the help of the embittered Attorney General Lord Fermoy, implicates Byrne and Strang in the murder of a Redcoat soldier."] ['Gary Starke  is a New York ticket scalper who, in the old traditional style of scalping "works the street", known as "the walk", as opposed to the plethora of modern-day ticket brokers who ply the Internet for sales. Yet when his girlfriend Linda  gets enough of his lifestyle and leaves him, he decides to mend his ways and make one last big score, something that will help him win Linda back and straighten out his life. He finds his chance in an epiphanic moment; an opportunity to scalp a large stack of tickets to see the hottest show in town --- the Pope at Yankee Stadium.'] ['Doris Attinger  follows her husband  with a gun one day and sees that he is having an affair with another woman . In her rage, she fires at the couple multiple times. One of the bullets hits her husband in the arm. The following morning, married lawyers, Adam and Amanda Bonner  read about the incident in the newspaper. The two argue over the case; Amanda sympathizes with the girl, particularly noting the double standard that exists for men and women regarding adultery, while Adam thinks she is guilty of attempted murder. When Adam arrives at work, he finds that he has been assigned the case . When Amanda hears this, she seeks out Doris and, to Adam\'s dismay, becomes her defense lawyer. Amanda bases her case on the belief that women and men are equal, and that Doris had been forced into the situation through her husband\'s poor treatment. Adam feels she is showing a disregard for the law as there should never be an excuse for such behavior. Tension increasingly builds at home as the couple battle each other in court. The situation comes to a head when Amanda humiliates Adam during the trial, having her female witness pick him up, and Adam later storms out of their house. When the verdict for the trial comes in, Amanda\'s plea to the jury to "judge this case as you would if the sexes were reversed" proves successful, and Doris is found not guilty. That night, Adam sees Amanda and their neighbor Kip , who has shown a clear interest in Amanda, together through the window. He breaks into the apartment, pointing a gun at the pair. Amanda is horrified, and says to Adam "You\'ve no right to do this, nobody does!", which satisfies Adam as he feels he has proven his point about the injustice of Amanda\'s line of defense. He then puts the gun in his mouth, to which Amanda and Kip scream, but Adam merely bites down on it—the gun was made of liquorice. Amanda is furious with this prank, and a three-way fight ensues. The couple is reluctantly reunited for a meeting with their accountant, where they talk about their relationship in the past tense. They soon become sad when talking about the farm they own, and realize how they love each other. They go to the farm, where Adam announces that he has been selected as the Republican nominee for County Court Judge. Amanda jokes about running for the role as the Democratic candidate.'] ["Psychologist Saul Benjamin takes on a patient temporarily as a favor to a colleague friend, Otto Jaffe, who is infatuated with her. After her doctor dies, Chloe Allen comes to see Dr. Benjamin and immediately he is smitten with her, too. The doctor-patient relationship is violated by Dr. Benjamin's romantic impulses toward Chloe and by his intense jealousy of anyone who comes near her, including Ted Caruso, an arrogant Broadway actor with whom she has become involved. The psychiatrist's wife also is carrying on an affair with Jac Applezweig, an artist. The ghost of Dr. Sigmund Freud, the father of modern psychology, visits Dr. Benjamin from time to time to dispense warnings and wisdom. Benjamin's work begins to suffer as he abandons patients like Mrs. Mondragon, finding her tedious, and treats the dementia of another, Marvin Zuckerman, by designing a peculiar handmade hat for him to wear. A board of inquiry calls in Dr. Benjamin to consider revoking his license. In the end, he admits his feelings to Chloe and concludes that he prefers true love to treating the sick."] ['The story is set in the 1950s. A young American woman living in London, Cary Porter , recently started working at a large multinational firm where she meets accountant Ian Bertram . He falls head over hills in love with her and soon proposes. The head of the company, Herbert Dreuther , offers them a wedding and to pay for a honeymoon in Monte Carlo, as well as the use of his yacht. Unfortunately, the well-meaning Herbert soon forgets all about the couple and his promise to send his yacht. When it does not arrive, Ian decides he has a sound way to win at roulette in order to pay their large hotel bill. As he becomes involved at the gambling tables, he leaves Cary to herself, and although his plan works and he wins big, enough to pay their bill, get them home, and have plenty money left over, their marriage is in big trouble.'] ["Hoops McCann  is a recent high school graduate who failed to get a basketball scholarship, disappointing his parents. Hoops hopes to be admitted to the Rhode Island School of Design, and must write and illustrate a love story for his application. He joins his friend George Calamari , and George's sister Squid, to spend the summer on the island of Nantucket, Massachusetts. En route, they pick up a young rock singer named Cassandra Eldridge ; who is being chased by a motorcycle gang at the time. Once on the island, Hoops and George, along with George's island friends the Stork twins and Ack-Ack Raymond, must help Cassandra save her grandfather's house from the greedy Beckersted Family. Along the way, Hoops must find a way to write his cartoon love story."] ['"Lucky" Coffee Shop is well known for its egg tarts and tea. Waiter Sui, named as Prince Egg Tart, attracts lots of girls but only loves Candy. He and his friends, Nam, and Fok, all have love problems. At the same time, the coffee shop may collapse since the landlord is increasing the rent tremendously. Let\'s see how the lucky guys of the shop can revert this situation...'] ['Princess Maria  and her uncle Holman  are forced into exile in New York City when their country is invaded by the Nazis in World War II. Holman is anxious to have his niece get married and produce a male heir as soon as possible, but she is not interested in his choice, Count Peter de Candome . On an airplane flight, the princess takes too many sleeping pills. When the plane is forced to return to New York, Maria is fast asleep. The pilot, Eddie O\'Rourke , takes charge of her while under the impression that she is just another European refugee. They become acquainted and fall in love. Holman is apprised of these developments by a government agent who keeps Maria under surveillance. When he learns that O\'Rourke\'s family seems to produce only large numbers of sons , he is intrigued. He also realizes that it would help cement American support if she married a citizen, and gives his approval. After a brief official courtship, Maria and Eddie are invited to visit the White House as guests of the President (who is never seen, though his dog [[Fala . During an evening session where Eddie is expected to sign over such things as his right to succession and deciding the education of his future children, he draws the line at giving up his American citizenship. After making a brief impassioned speech about being an American, he makes Maria choose. After much thought, Maria obeys her uncle and leaves the room. Taking no chances, Holman locks her in her bedroom. After much crying however, Maria changes her mind. She writes a note and slips it through the door to Fala to deliver to his master. The President summons a Supreme Court justice in the middle of the night who marries Eddie and Maria. The pair sneak out of the White House to begin their life together. Eddie mistakenly tips a White House "butler" he bumps into who turns out to have been the President.'] ['The film starts out with a man surrounded by a large number of angry looking women in a theater. He tells his story and narrates it throughout the film. Sam, an art student who describes himself as "accidentally funny", is having the worst day of his life: he loses his girlfriend, fails art school, and is put down by his favorite professor. Finally, his art portfolio falls open and his drawings scatter. A girl comes up with one drawing  and say that he has "lost his smile". The girl is Hope, a bubbly bombshell with a drive to make Sam smile again. She eventually does, and they kiss in the rain. She gives Sam her number, then is picked up by a friend. Unfortunately for Sam, the rain washes the number off of his hand. Devastated, he is determined to search for her. He takes a job as a delivery boy with his uncle\'s coffee shop. He is fruitless at first. Then finally, he delivers to Hope\'s apartment in a women\'s residence. She comes to the door in tears, not at all the way Sam remembers her. She refuses to talk about her pain and hurries Sam away. Now Sam gives himself a new task: find out how Hope "lost her smile" and give it back to her. While trying to cheer her up, he meets various people in the building: Tanya - a junior reporter devoted to herself and her career; Gretchen - his piercing-obsessed ex-girlfriend; Mr. Willens - the disgusting, unhygienical and lecherous building manager; and finally Annie - an ex-chocoholic who has lost a great deal of weight and agrees to assist him in his search. Along the way, he takes advice from his cousin Holden, an overweight sex addict whose pornography obsession has left him to graduate to the hardest of hardcore magazines including "Stump Monthly" , "Older & Bolder" , and "Moist and Midget" . While on his search, he is harassed by a mystery girl who wants him to give up. She drops a vase near him and sticks him and Holden penis-to-penis in a Chinese finger trap. She leaves an imprint in wet plaster the show a scar on her butt. He then sets out to find the girl with that scar. Investigating Hope\'s room on subsequent trips, he finds a torn album cover and a sad note in Hope\'s diary. Investigating both leads him nowhere. Along the way, he begins to fall in love with Annie. When Hope is served with an eviction notice, Sam sits outside her door drawing. Annie comes up and they talk for a while. He makes her laugh with faces drawn on various body parts. They kiss and start a relationship. She ends it quickly, however, as he refuses to stop trying to help Hope, seeing it as the duty of a friend. Sam then goes to Hope\'s room one last time. She thanks him for his help and kisses him. He then finds the scar on her butt - she was the mystery woman with the help and encouragement of Annie. She tells him her story of sadness. The night they first met, her friend Jesse picked her up. They have known each other since grade school and were best friends. But then he makes a move on her, forcing himself when she refuses. He says that guys don\'t want girls as friends, they only want girlfriends. She escapes through the sunroof, cutting her butt on a sharp metal piece. Sam and Hope get together. Annie consoles her and says she will help her find out if Sam is a true friend. The narration ends here. Later, though, Hope notices that Sam has once again lost his smile. He feels bad about Hope and Annie tricking him and for hurting Annie. Annie won\'t speak to him and has turned to chocolate, her comfort food. Hope realizes that he loves Annie too, and says he should figure out which one he wants to be with. Looking at his drawings of the two, he realizes that the smiling face he always drew was Annie, his one true love. She still refuses to talk to him. Sam takes his drawings to make a cartoon for her. Willens, who Sam had turned in for peeping on the residents, scatters them. All the residents help him pick them up, showing their love for him. Sam then displays his cartoon of their relationship to her from her window. Hope tells Annie to realize the Sam loves her and that she loves him. She takes a while, but comes around and laughs raucously at the bizarre antics of their characters. Sam runs to her apartment and she jumps into his arms.'] ["Eadie  runs away from her home in Missouri, where her stepfather had her working as a dance partner. On the train, she tells her man-hungry friend Kitty  that she has ideals and plans to marry a somebody so she can accomplish something worthwhile. She lands a job as one of the chorus girls entertaining guests at a party at the mansion of wealthy Frank Cousins . There, she manages to see Cousins alone; oddly, he offers her expensive gifts , but she refuses to accept them until they become engaged. She is surprised when he readily agrees. Unbeknownst to her, guest T.R. Paige  had just before refused to save Cousins from financial ruin. After Eadie leaves Cousins , he shoots himself. However, the evening isn't a total waste to Eadie; she becomes acquainted with T.R. when she gets him to retrieve the cufflinks from her stocking before the investigating policeman can ask embarrassing questions. Eadie visits her new friend at his workplace to thank him. When she says she has been fired and that she is determined to marry a rich man, an alarmed T.R. gives her some money and leaves for Palm Beach, Florida. Eadie and Kitty follow and visit T.R.'s office. Eadie is spotted in the waiting room by T.R.'s son Tom . Not knowing who he is, Eadie tries to brush him off, but he is very persistent. Eventually, she learns his identity, but remains cool to him, since it becomes clear that he is not interested in marriage. Tom finally manages to get her alone in his bedroom in the Paige mansion, but she defends her virtue and, to his surprise, he lets her go. Tom tells his father that he wants to marry Eadie, despite her disreputable past. T.R. gives his blessing, but after Tom leaves, calls the district attorney. Tom tells Eadie they are going to get married. After he leaves however, a man sneaks into her apartment. Some photographers catch her in the stranger's arms and the district attorney accuses her of stealing Cousins' jewelry and jails her. When Tom and his father come to see her, she tells Tom that T.R. must have framed her, but Tom's father is much more persuasive and Tom breaks up with Eadie. Tom's rival, the married Charlie Turner, bails Eadie out. For revenge, she sneaks into T.R.'s stateroom on the liner he and Tom are taking to London. She emerges unexpectedly, clad only in lingerie, and embraces a surprised T.R just as photographers take his picture. Having been disillusioned, Eadie gets drunk and turns to Charlie Turner. However, Kitty keeps them from being alone together as long as she can. Tom arrives just in time, having changed his mind, and puts Eadie in the shower to sober up. T.R. follows. To save his reputation, he has told the press she was innocent of the theft and that she was married to Tom. He is also impressed by her fighting spirit. A quick wedding is arranged on the spot."] ["When Colin arrives in Hope, Vermont, a patriotic town in Northeastern United States in the fall time, he checks into a hotel showing clear signs of emotional distress. The hotel manager, Joanie  sees the state he is in and calls over her friend Mandy to soothe him and take his mind off his troubles. Colin and Mandy eventually fall in love with each other, Colin seeming to finally get over the loss of his fiancée Vera. Suddenly, Vera shows up in Hope and tries to get Colin back. Colin is no longer interested but Vera does not give up. Later Colin visits Vera in her hotel room where she changes into her underwear but the fire alarm is set off. Mandy then sees the two together and assumes Colin took her back. Colin promises never to talk to Mandy if she gets a passport. Vera finally accepts that she and Colin are over and becomes Queen of Hope at the town festival. After Colin leaves Hope, Joanie tells Mandy that Colin's cousin was supposed to meet him but forgot to cancel the meeting and that she should pick him up at Hope Springs. When Mandy gets there she finds it is Colin and he proposes, giving her a gold engagement ring with their names on it. Colin starts carrying her back to the hotel, where they pass and wave to Vera, Mr and Mrs Peterson and the residents of Shiny Shores where Mandy lives and works. During this time Mandy tells him that she is too heavy and warns him of hurting his back. When they finally get to the hotel and undress, Colin hurts his back despite Mandy's warnings."] ['Dave , a dealer for Guitar Hero, and Ronnie , a stay-at-home mom, are a typical couple with two young boys. They experience various stresses including redecorating their house and raising their sons. Joey  and Lucy  are high school sweethearts with a typical rebellious teenage daughter named Lacey. Their relationship is on the rocks. Jason  and Cynthia  are a neurotic couple who\'ve experienced multiple failed attempts to conceive, and Shane , who has recently separated from his wife, has a much younger twenty-year-old girlfriend, Trudy . At Dave\'s son\'s birthday party, Jason and Cynthia, using PowerPoint, announce their troubled marriage and that they are considering divorce because they cannot have a baby. As a last-ditch effort, they have found a couples therapy resort named Eden. A deal called the Pelican Package is half the normal cost if they can get three other couples to join them. In their presentation, they show beautiful pictures of sunlit beaches and beautiful locations. They also assure the others that the couples therapy is purely optional. Dave and Ronnie discuss their inability to go because of childcare responsibilities and decline the trip. In the middle of the night, their home security alarm is activated when Jason shows up unexpectedly to further sell the idea of the retreat. The commotion wakes the kids, who have overheard their parents\' conversations of not being able to go because of them. Fearing that their parents are contemplating divorce, the kids have already arranged for Dave\'s father, Grandpa Jim-Jim  to babysit so their parents can go to Eden. The retreat proves to be divided into Eden West and Eden East. West is for couples and uses the tagline "Stay Together". East is for singles and uses the tagline "Come Together". East and West attendees are not allowed to intermingle. Upon arrival at Eden West, the four couples are shown their villas. At dinner, Sctanley {{sic}} , the resort host , informs them that couples therapy, which starts at 6 a.m., is actually mandatory. If any couple fails to attend, it will be taken as an indication that they want to leave, and a refund for Eden will be given, although not for their airfare. The group debates what to do. After an indulgent dinner with many delicacies, they decide to put up with "a couple of hours" of therapy in order to enjoy the other amenities of the resort. In the morning, each couple meets with an assigned therapist. All four couples learn that they have problems, even Ronnie and Dave, who thought they were fine. They endure resort owner Marcel\'s  unusual methods, including swimming with and feeding lemon sharks and yoga sessions with amorous instructor Salvadore . On the fourth night, Trudy escapes to Eden East. The other seven, encouraged by Joey who is unsatisfied with his marriage, leave to find her. Following an argument between Cynthia and Jason, the men and women split up. As they try to find their way to the resort, the men end up arguing and pointing out each others\' marriage mistakes. The women run into Salvadore who takes them to Eden East. The men come across the staff lounge where they find Sctanley playing Guitar Hero. He threatens to report them to Marcel, but Dave challenges him to the game . Sctanley, after having lost the wager, directs them to Eden East, even though he knows he was tricked by Dave. When they arrive, Dave realizes what a good thing he has with Ronnie. He goes with her to be alone at a waterfall. Joey finds Lucy with Salvadore and knocks him out, reuniting with his wife. Cynthia and Jason share drinks and end up becoming intimate. Shane runs into his ex-wife, who admits she still loves him. Shane tells Trudy to remain in Eden East and enjoy being single, then leaves with his ex-wife. All four couples return to Eden West. Marcel, seeing that the couples have worked out their problems, frees them from the therapy and allows them to go jet skiing, and with that, really enjoy the rest of their vacation.'] ['In a variation of Captains Courageous, J.B. Matthews  president of a railroad, is getting sick of doctors, when he falls off his train, and meets up with a pair of hoboes, King  and Napoleon , who show him how to enjoy life, and real cooking. But, it’s up to intrepid reporter Jimmy Dugan ([[Ray Walker  and Helen  to find him, and bring him in; before a rival ruins him. But, time is running out.'] ["Trudie is an aspiring painter stuck working as a restaurant waitress. With the pressure to please her parents building, a job interview that goes poorly and getting dumped by her boyfriend, she has a nervous breakdown. Stressed about going home for the holidays alone, she kidnaps David Martin, a random customer at the restaurant in which she works and introduces him to her parents as her boyfriend, Nick. Trudie's family is vacationing at a very isolated house miles away from anything, so David is unable to escape . He finally decides to play along until the police come, but he ultimately falls in love with Trudie and understands why she felt forced to kidnap him in the first place. But this Christmas holiday comes to an abrupt end when her brother announces that he is gay and her sister says that she has disenrolled in Law School and with the tuition her dad has been sending her bought a pilates studio and then police show up and arrest the family during dinner. Before he was kidnapped, David had a successful job and a beautiful, rich girlfriend. During his time with Trudie and her family, he realizes his life has developed into something he did not intend. After the police show up at Christmas dinner and arrest the family, he decides not to press charges. Trudie does not see or hear from David for a few months, but sees his engagement announcement in the newspaper. Trudie is invited to show her art at a local art gallery and is stunned to see one of her pieces is sold during the show. As she is leaving the show, she is kidnapped and taken to a nearby building. Her kidnapper turns out to be David. He tells her he bought this building and is making it into an architecture/art studio. He decided to turn his life around and do something he really loves...architecture. He also wanted an art studio and shows her his first art piece he just purchased, and it turns out to be hers. David admits his love for Trudie and Trudie admits her feelings towards him as well. They share a kiss as the credits start to roll."] ["The story centers around four gay friends who have recently graduated from San Torum High School.http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/AnotherGayMovie Andy  is an awkward, sex-crazed character who frequently masturbates with his mother's fruits and vegetables. Jarod ([[Jonathan Chase  is a handsome and fit jock who is quite insecure. Griff  is a nerdy, well-dressed guy who is secretly in love with his best friend. Nico  is the most flamboyant, outgoing, and effeminate of the group. The four of them decide to make a pact to have sex by the end of the summer. Each boy proceeds to pursue sex in different ways, with both tragic and comedic results. Nico tries to secure an online date with a man named Ryder ([[Matthew Rush , but ends up with Muffler's grandfather . Andy pursues his long-time crush, his math teacher, Mr. Puckov , but fails; he instead ends up going threesome with Angel , a male stripper, and Beau , a baseball pitcher. Jarod seeks out fellow jocks, including Beau, but ends up dumping him in order to have sex with Griff, who tries to earn the affection of Angel; it starts out successfully, but then Griff chooses Jarod as his true love. Much of the humor comes from how awkward each boy is at romance and how naive they are about sex. Each plot backfires horribly, until the boys finally begin to change their attitudes towards sex at the end of the film."] ["Widower Doug Simpson  is a radio producer from California who lives with his two daughters, Katie  and Bonnie . When his oldest daughter  turns 15, she suggests to her father that's it's time for her to start looking more grown-up. For the last 14 years, Katie had been wearing dowdy clothes, braces, and thick glasses and hanging around with Richard, her next-door neighbor and long-time boyfriend ; but when Doug leaves on a business trip, Katie transforms herself, along with the help of Doug's fiancée Janet Pearson , into a knockout beauty. When Doug returns, he is shocked to find boys from every walk of life interested in dating Katie. Janet suggests that Doug needs psychiatric help when his obsession with Katie and her boyfriends reaches extreme limits. Throughout the latter half of the film, Katie maintains three boyfriends, two of whom she eventually stops dating. At the end of the film, Katie takes a class trip to Europe and reunites with Richard again – at which point Bonnie, her younger tomboy sister, begins her own dating spree."] ["Bassi and Edwin are the two laziest, most irresponsible construction workers in their workers' brigade. When they fall in love with their neighbors Thea and Susi, they pretend to be reliable young men and accompany their friends to a meeting of the local chapter house. To keep up appearances, the two are forced to undertake several duties which they would not have dreamed of doing otherwise. The plot turns into a chain of comical mistakes, but eventually the two new couples reunite and all ends well."] ["It's the final week of senior year at American High School and Gwen Adams  considers divorcing her new husband Holden Adams , whom she married because her rival Hilary Weiss  is also trying to be his girlfriend. She faces the problems created by Hilary's plot to become Prom Queen and decides to run for Prom Queen herself. The married couple are caught having sex by Principal Mann . The principal faces forced resignation and hatches a plan with Gwen, another teacher and some other students, to get her job back from Ms. Apple . She is later crowned Prom Queen , she dumps her husband and decides she is leaving town and so is now finally free of Hilary. As the film ends, Hilary is shown getting rejected by the male students because of her promiscuous behaviour."] ["The film is a comedy and a social commentary on the period and is set just after World War II. An officer's wife has a romantic dream about her husband's man  and comes to believe it is true. Meanwhile the husband has asked his servant to help him, after the war, to suggest ways to ignite the romance he and his wife had before the war, as well as find a way to make money in a post-war economy. Misdirection and misunderstandings ensue. It was a J. Arthur Rank presentation, a Sydney Box production and was released through General Film Distributors Ltd."] ["The movie is set in a Yazidi Kurdish village in Armenia, still suffering economically from the Soviet collapse. Hamo, a Kurdish widower with three sons, visits his wife's grave everyday. In the graveyard, he meets Nina, a widow who works in a local bar named Vodka Lemon which is about to close down. Both are penniless, yet start an unexpected relationship which revitalizes them."] ["The film is about the scientist Rosetta Stone  who injects her DNA into three Self Replicating Automatons . These cyborg clones must habitually venture into the real world in order to obtain a supply of Y chromosome in the form of semen to keep them alive. Unfortunately, their periodic treks into the outside world seem to leave the males they obtain the chromosome from, with a strange virus that overtakes both their bodies and their computers. Unfortunately the lust carries over into the technology leaving the males' world aghast."] ['The evening of July 4, in Las Vegas, Hank  and Frannie  break up while celebrating their fifth anniversary, due to Hank\'s insensitivity to Frannie\'s yearning for adventure and excitement. They both spend a night with their idealized partner—Leila, a nubile and beautiful circus girl , for Hank, and Ray, a dark, handsome musician , for Frannie. After their nights of passion, Hank breaks down and tracks Frannie to her lover\'s apartment and abducts her. On returning home she refuses to go in and walks away, saying that this time it is definitely goodbye forever. Hank follows her to the airport where she is about to leave for her dream trip to Bora Bora with Ray. Hank sings to her to prove he is willing to be more romantic, but she boards the plane, saying it is too late. Hank, distraught, goes home and is about to burn her clothes when Frannie returns, realising she "made a mistake".'] ["The graduating class at Miss Aversham and Miss Cronstall's School for Girls find that they have - in defiance of the natural laws of probability - all blossomed simultaneously. Capitalizing on their unique status, and intent on teaching high school boys to NEVER take girls for granted, they issue a challenge to the boys of Easthill's rival private schools, Selby and Lancaster. The winner in a series of designated competitions will be awarded exclusive rights to the girls as prom dates. Like the capricious and meddlesome gods of Greek mythology, the ACS girls pit the boys' schools against each other in a  Prom War."] ['Christopher  is a very serious minded young man. Enrolling into college as a freshman he finds his roommate is someone named Alex. Alex , however, is not male but female and the two have been placed together by a computer error. Christopher finds the pairing intolerable and tries his best to find another place to live. The dorms are full and he is resigned, at least for the time being, to make the best of his current situation. Alex, a seemingly extroverted party girl, shows little interest in academics and treats Christopher as if he is simply an annoyance to be brushed aside whenever need be. As fate intervenes, the two slowly begin to realize that they do like one another after all which manifests itself into a sexual relationship wherein each finds a need filled by the other.'] ['Most of the movie is told as flashback: Puff  testifies to Congress, Lila Jute  tells her story to the police, while a dead Nathan Bronfman  addresses an unseen audience in the netherworld. Lila is a woman with a rare hormonal imbalance which causes thick hair to grow all over her body. During her 20s, Lila decides to leave society and live within nature where she feels free to exist comfortably in her natural state. She writes a successful book about her naked, savage, happy, and free life in the woods embracing nature. Then, at age 30, strong sexual desire causes her to return to civilization and have her hair removed in order to find a partner. The partner she finds is Dr. Nathan Bronfman, a psychologist researching the possibility of teaching table manners to mice. Lila and Nathan go hiking in the woods one day. Lila sights a naked man in the woods who has believed himself to be an ape his entire life. Lila discards her clothes and chases him until he\'s cornered on a tree branch. The man falls off the branch and fall unconscious as Nathan comes along. Nathan brings this man to his lab where the man is named Puff. This name is after his French research assistant, Gabrielle\'s  childhood dog. We discover later from her phone call to an unknown person that she is actually an American with a fake French accent. First with the help of Gabrielle and later with Lila’s help, Nathan performs extensive manner training on Puff, so that he can speak and go through the motions of appreciating high culture, though he still has difficulty controlling sexual urges. To demonstrate his success, Nathan takes Puff on tour. Puff secretly drinks heavily and patronizes prostitutes. Meanwhile, Nathan and Lila\'s relationship deteriorates and Nathan has an affair with Gabrielle. Eventually Lila decides to take Puff back into the forest to undo his manner training and return him to his natural state. Lila and Puff live naked in the woods together until Nathan finds them one day and Puff kills Nathan. Lila turns herself in as the murderer and asks Puff to testify on the waywardness of humanity before he returns to his home in the forest. After the reporters and spectators leave, Puff comes back out of the forest and gets into a car with Gabrielle. They both drive off to get food . At the end of the movie, there is a philosophical passage read while the credits appear. It is an excerpt of William of Ockham from Opera Theologica in which Ockham explains his theory of intuitive cognition.Opera Theologica p.31 "Intuitive cognition is such that when some things are cognized, of which one inheres in the other, or one is spatially distant from the other, or exists in some relation to the other, immediately in virtue of that non-propositional cognition of those things, it is known if the thing inheres or does not inhere, if it is spatially distant or not, and the same for other true contingent propositions, unless that cognition is flawed or there is some impediment. [Opera Theologica I, p. 31]"'] ['The film begins with a video presentation of a top-secret project called "Crossbow": a high tech space shuttle mounted with a computer-guided laser weapon that is shown to incinerate a man on the ground with pinpoint accuracy. The film ends and a group of CIA agents discuss the project, noting that the researchers developing the laser have not yet been able to generate the power needed. It is also stated that it has no wartime applications and is designed solely for illegal assassinations. One agent has moral qualms about this and quits the program. It is strongly implied that this agent is himself assassinated. Meanwhile, Professor Jerry Hathaway  meets up with fifteen year old genius Mitch Taylor . Hathaway lets him know that he\'s been admitted to Pacific Tech, and also that he\'ll be rooming and working with with physics "legend" Chris Knight on Dr. Hathaway\'s laser project. We later learn that Hathaway is the researcher contracted by the CIA to develop the laser weapon, and that instead of doing the research himself, he\'s subbed the job out to his students and used his funding to remodel his house. Arriving on campus, Mitch meets Chris and is surprised and bit irritated to learn that Chris, while brilliant, is also an irreverent slacker who spends his time constructing elaborate pranks, such as freezing the dorm floors to go ice skating. Mitch also meets Jordan , a hyperkinetic female student with whom he falls in love, and the mysterious Lazlo Hollyfeld , who seems to live in Chris and Mitch\'s dorm room closet. Hathaway\'s subservient graduate assistant Kent , becomes hostile when Hathaway puts Mitch in charge of the project. Hathaway, under increasing pressure from the CIA to get results, cracks down on Chris, giving him an unrealistic timetable. Chris dismisses this, and increasingly distracts Mitch from his work. After Hathaway brutally scolds Mitch for joining Chris\'s pool party and Kent records Mitch\'s tearful telephone call to his mother and plays it over the cafeteria PA system at lunchtime, Mitch is ready to quit. Chris convinces him to stay by telling him of Lazlo\'s story: He was the top genius at Pacific Tech until he learned of the misuse of his theories and became a recluse, living in the steam tunnels under the dorm behind a secret passageway in the closet. Chris tells Mitch that if he doesn\'t want to crack, he needs to learn to have fun, and the first order of business is to get even with Kent. The two disassemble Kent\'s car and reassemble it in his dorm room, much to his horror. Hathaway, now nearly desperate to show the CIA some progress, berates Chris and lets him know that no matter what he does, he will be flunked out of school. Chris, with encouragement from Mitch decides to not only fix the power problem, but also to ace Hathaway\'s exam. His efforts appear to be ruined when Kent sabotages the laser, but, in a fit of anger at the laser\'s destruction, he has an epiphany that solves the project\'s power problem. The beam of the redesigned laser is "hotter than the sun", has an unlimited range and produces the required five megawatts of power. Hathaway forgives Chris completely. When the laser team celebrate their success, Laslo shows up, having overheard Chris\'s solution, and points out that the high-energy laser can only be used as a weapon, and in fact that it must have been conceptualized for this purpose. Chris is devastated. In the research lab, Hathaway has removed both the laser and a tracking system to aim it . Their first step is to implant a radio transceiver in Kent\'s braces. Posing as Jesus, Mitch tricks Kent into revealing that the laser is going to be tested soon. The group tail Hathaway to a nearby Air Force base. While Chris and Mitch talk their way into the base, Laslo remotely cracks the laser\'s computer and changes its target coordinates to Hathaway\'s house, where the gang have placed a huge tin of popcorn. They call the Dean and the local congressman to witness the weapon firing, and Mitch, as Jesus, orders Kent to visit the house. When the laser hits the house, it shines through a stained-glass window and Kent becomes convinced that he is having a religious experience. The popcorn heats and expands, the house bursts at the seams, and popcorn pours out, pushing Kent along with it into the street. Meanwhile, the laser overheats and destroys itself. Lazlo states his intention to get married and retire to the midwest while the rest of the group watch as Dr. Hathaway\'s newly destroyed house is ransacked by kids playing in the popcorn. The final shot during the credits shows Hathaway pulling up to his house and seeing the damage up close.'] ["Set in Los Angeles, California the plot revolves around Emily Tyler , who enjoys surfing, and her twin sister Tess , a member of a high diving team, who try various stratagems to get their widower father Max, a talented artist and sculptor, a girlfriend. After all their attempts end in failure, Tess and Emily &ndash; with a little help from their friend, Cody  &ndash; decide to paint an advertisement on a giant billboard situated high above Sunset Boulevard. A lady named Debbie answers the ad, and she brings her friend Brooke as a back up. Brooke and Max coincidentally meet and take a liking to each other and Debbie agrees they should start dating. At first, Tess and Emily don't like Brooke's son Ryan, but when he helps foil an elaborate scheme by Max's business manager Nigel to break up the romantic relationship between Max and Brooke , the girls eventually accept him. Some {{Weasel-inline}}"] ['Kedar Chatujye , a dim-witted simpleton, is exiled to his uncle’s house in a small town in Bihar by his father, who is extremely angry with him for being unable to pass his B. A. exams even after three attempts. The simple minded Kedar becomes the butt of all jokes of his cousin Santosh alias Santu’s  gang of friends led by Bhombol Bhattacharjee also known as Bhombolda ([[Anup Kumar . He falls in love with Saraswati  a girl with a strong no-nonsense character who is also the elder sister of Santu’s betrothed Bini . Saraswati’s parents too are also impressed by Kedar’s decency and simplicity and she also softens up to Kedar. However, Bhombolda and his gang create misunderstandings between the two. An extremely disappointed Saraswati decides to get married with a rich boy from Bhagalpur . But at the end, Bhombolda and Boudi  realise that Kedar has a heart of gold and admits his wrondoing leading Saraswati getting married to Kedar.'] ['In the early 1950s, Kalique, a port in North Africa, a man  is escorted through an angry, clamouring crowd by a platoon of soldiers. They enter a fort and it is clear that he is to be executed. The commander  orders the men to line up in two rows and gives the order to fire. As the shots ring out, the scene changes to a ferry ship, the "Golden Fleece" in the docks as the passengers embark for the two days\' journey to Gibralter. Amongst the crew, there is much dismay, and the chief officer, Carlos Ricco takes to his cabin with the clear intention of getting drunk. He is interrupted by an elderly gentleman, Lawrence St. James  who had come to speak his nephew, Captain Henry St. James on an unspecified, but urgent, matter. He is profoundly shocked to learn that the grief he had encountered on the ship is due to the death of the man he had traveled from England to see. He begs Ricco, to explain what has led to such an event. He learns that his nephew Henry was the prosperous owner and skipper of this small passenger ship which he captained as it ferried regularly to and fro between Gibraltar and Kalique, a port in North Africa. In Morocco, he lives with his lover, Nita {{spaced ndash}}a young, hot-blooded, exotic lady. She is 13 years younger than he and refers to him as "her Jimmy". He takes her out every night to expensive, fashionable restaurants and night clubs, where they lead a loud and wild lifestyle, and swim in the sea in the middle of the night. In Gibralter, he shares his life with Maud {{spaced ndash}}his devoting, domesticated wife, just three years his junior{{spaced ndash}}living a respectable, sober existence, and going to bed every night no later than ten o\'clock with their cocoa. St James gives Nita lingerie. He gives Maud a vacuum cleaner. Both are delighted. He has found a perfect existence{{spaced ndash}}his paradise. Growing perhaps complacent, St. James makes a careless mistake. This leads to Ricco, up till then believing Nita to be the captain\'s wife, discovering that the true Mrs. St James is living in Gibralter. Ricco is glad to assist St. James in maintaining the deception and is soon called into action when Maud flies to Kalique and by chance meets Nita. St. James arranges to have Maud arrested before she and Nita were about to realise that they are married to the same man. He convinces Maud that Morocco is a dangerous place and that she should never return there. The years pass by. Maud has twins. She is thrilled with her two boys, but when they are sent to school in England, Maud is no longer enamoured with her existence. She wants to dance and drink gin. On the other hand, Nita wants to stay home and cook for her man. Henry is dismayed and makes every effort to keep everything just the way it was. His attempts to maintain the status quo result in both women taking lovers. When St James discovers Nico\'s infidelity, he leaves the flat as she continues the argument with her lover, Absalom. Nita shoots and kills her lover. To spare Nita, Captain St. James claims he was the killer. The execution is then shown, but the firing squad swing their rifles to the left and shoot their commanding officer. St. James hands them money and walks away.'] ['The film opens with John  and Jane Smith  answering questions during marriage counseling. The couple has been married for "five or six" years, but their marriage is suffering to the point that they cannot remember the last time they had sex. They tell the story of their first meeting in Bogotá, Colombia, where they met while both were secretly on the run from Colombian authorities; since the authorities were looking for tourists traveling alone after a recent heist, the two claimed to be together to avoid being questioned. They quickly fell in love and were married. John later states in the end that Jane "looked like Christmas morning" to him on the day they met. In reality, John and Jane are both skilled assassins working for different firms, both among the best in their field. Each is concealing their true profession from their spouse. Under these cover stories, John and Jane balance their apparently mundane marriage – which both of them find after a few years to be growing dull and suffocating – with their secretive work. When both are assigned to kill prisoner Benjamin "The Tank" Danz  during a transfer, they encounter each other on the job and the hit ends up being botched. After their respective companies find out about the botched hit, they are assigned to discover and eliminate the other. After a few "mild" attempts on each other\'s lives, fueled by a mutual sense of betrayal, the marital spat culminates in a high-octane fight in the Smith house. After a long, evenly-matched fight, with their house shot to shambles, they wind up with guns in each other\'s faces. John balks, and lays his gun down; Jane finds she cannot shoot her spouse either, and both succumb to their love instead. Mr. and Mrs. Smith reunite and make love for the first time in a long time. The newly-rekindled Smith partnership is quickly threatened by their employers, who have now decided to eliminate the couple. John\'s best friend and coworker, Eddie , turns down a bounty of $400,000 for each Smith , but John and Jane find themselves under fire from an army of assassins. Fending off an attack which blows up their house, the Smiths steal their neighbor\'s minivan and successfully destroy their attackers\' three pursuing armored BMWs saloons, all while bickering over their fighting styles and newly-discovered personal secrets. After meeting with Eddie, the Smiths decide to fight together to preserve their marriage. They kidnap Danz from his high-security prison in order to give their employers something they want more than the Smiths. Danz reveals that he was merely bait, hired jointly by their employers after it was discovered that the Smiths were married, in the hopes of having one Smith kill the other. John and Jane forgo their separate contingency plans and make their stand together. In the final fight scene of the film, the Smiths – now working smoothly together as a team – defeat an extended attack by a large force of armed personnel during a long shoot-out inside a department store. The film ends with the couple meeting the marriage counselor again, where the Smiths state how much their marriage has thrived and how happy they really are, with John motioning a subtle "10" when asked about the "sex question" once more.'] ['After his wife is killed in a car accident, chef Rob Haley  is left grief-stricken. A bad review causes him to lose customers at his once successful restaurant, so after talking to his friend Gordon Ramsay , Haley relocates to the countryside with his daughter and some loyal members of his staff to turn a local pub into a gastropub. On the opening day of the restaurant, American food critic Kate Templeton  arrives, resulting in an argument with Rob, but the two go on to fall in love. Some of the locals are content with the visitors that the restaurant is bringing to the area, whilst others want it closed down. Kate sees to it that Guy Witherspoon , a renowned food critic, visits the restaurant which results in an excellent report and ongoing success for the restaurant under Haley and Templeton.'] ["Isabelle Grossman works for a New York bookstore which supports authors through public readings. When author Anton Maes comes to the bookstore to give a reading, he shows an interest in Isabelle who is enamored with the intellectual world that is very different from her traditional Jewish upbringing. Isabelle pays frequent visits to her Bubbie,  Ida , who lives on the Lower East Side of Manhattan. Anxious for her granddaughter to settle down, Ida turns to the local marriage broker . Although shocked and annoyed, Isabelle allows the matchmaker to introduce her to Sam Posner , who owns the pickle shop on Essex, below Delancey Street. At first Isabelle is not interested in Sam, believing that he is too working-class for her. Instead, she sets her sights on Anton and the New York intelligentsia. But she also feels sorry for Sam and tries to set him up with her girlfriend Marilyn. In the process, she learns that he did not hire a matchmaker out of desperation and in fact has admired Isabelle from afar for several years. Deeply touched, Isabelle agrees to meet him at her grandmother's house. After work, however, she is sidelined by Anton and, believing that he is romantically interested in her, goes to his apartment. She discovers instead that Anton wants the convenience of an assistant, not a true partner. Finally seeing through him, the disgusted Isabelle races to her grandmother's apartment, finding it empty with Ida sleeping on the couch. Heartbroken, she believes she has ruined her chances with the honest and caring Sam. As she cries, Sam enters from the balcony. The two finally are united and Ida feigns confusion but is gleeful that her plan has succeeded."] ["By the Light of the Silvery Moon relates the further adventures of the Winfield family in small town Indiana as daughter Marjorie Winfield's boyfriend, William Sherman, returns from the Army after WWI. Bill & Marjorie's on-again, off-again romance provides the backdrop for other family crises, caused mainly by son Wesley's wild imagination."] ['On graduation day at Buffalo Glenn High School in Tacoma, Washington, valedictorian Denis Cooverman  confesses his love for head cheerleader and long time crush, Beth Cooper  in his speech while also taunting a girl, Valli Wooley , with an eating disorder, an ignorant bully, Beth\'s Army soldier boyfriend Kevin ; and urging his best friend Rich Munsch ([[Jack Carpenter  to admit he is gay. Afterwards, Denis invites Beth and her friends, Cammy  and Treece , to a party he has planned at his house. At Denis\' house, his parents leave with his father  revealing that he has condoms upstairs. Beth, Cammy, and Treece arrive at Denis’ house for the party. Kevin comes with his Army buddies vowing revenge on Denis. They attempt to beat Denis up, but it results in Denis, Beth, Rich, Cammy, and Treece running away in Beth\'s car. They drive to a gas station hoping to get beer, but are told by the convenience store clerk  that they can not buy it as he would not accept the driver’s license Beth gave him which stated that she was 37 years old. So Beth bribes the clerk with a kiss. He accepts, which makes Denis realize that she is not who he thinks she is. They then start a bonfire in an isolated section of town where Rich, Cammy, and Treece are chased by a stampede of cows after trying to tip one over. Denis then puts on the song "Beth" by KISS and is told that she was named after that song. They all get in Beth’s Yaris and drive without lights. They then stumble upon Denis\' father and mother  having sex in their car by crashing into them. Rather than facing Denis’ parents, Beth decides to drive them away unseen to a private party at Valli Wooley’s house, encountering Kevin once again. Kevin challenges Denis to a fight as Beth crashes his car into a wall of the house. They drive away in Kevin’s Hummer H2 to the empty Buffalo Glenn High School and enter the school using Beth’s head cheerleader key. After showcasing their cheerleading routine, Beth, Treece, and Cammy decide to run to the girls\' locker room to take a shower. Kevin and his buddies appear in the locker room as Denis is undressing to join his friend and the girls in the shower. Rich challenges Kevin and his friends in towel whipping as he has been training for years after being towel whipped at a young age. They escape to Treece\'s father\'s cabin in Beth\'s Yaris where Rich, Treece, and Cammy have a threesome as Beth and Denis have their first kiss together. They head to Denis\' house afterwards where his parents punish him for leaving the house a mess. Beth says goodbye to Denis, gives him a kiss, and thanks him for loving her. Denis promises that he will see her at their fifth high school reunion and if they are both still single that he will marry her. After Beth leaves with Treece and Cammy, Rich proclaims to Denis that he might be homosexual or bisexual. Denis informs Rich that he was just playing about waiting until the reunion to talk to Beth again. He tells Rich that he is going to leave Beth a message on Facebook and ask her out. Rich disagrees with him and tells Denis that he should make a grand gesture by going to her house with a boom box and wait for her. They then begin debating on how Denis should go about asking Beth on a date.'] ["Concert pianist Henry Orient  is trying to have an affair with a married woman, Stella Dunnworthy , while two teenage private-school girls, Valerie Boyd  and Marian Gilbert , stalk him and write their fantasies about him in a diary. Orient's paranoia leads him to believe that the two girls, who seem to pop up everywhere he goes, are spies sent by the husband of his would-be mistress. When Val's mother, Isabel Boyd , finds their diary, she suspects that Henry has acted inappropriately with her daughter. She contacts Orient and they end up having an affair. Val finds out about it, as does her dad."] ['{{Expand section}} A group of men and two female stenographers scientifically investigate sex through discussion of its various aspects.'] ["Set in London just prior to World War II, the film is about a middle-aged, straight-laced vicar's daughter and governess Guinevere Pettigrew, who has been fired from her fourth job. When employment agency head Miss Holt insists that she won't help her, the destitute Miss Pettigrew leaves the office with an assignment intended for a colleague, unaware that flamboyant American singer/actress Delysia Lafosse  wants a social secretary rather than a nanny. Arriving at the luxurious penthouse apartment where Delysia is staying, Miss Pettigrew quickly discovers the younger woman is involved with three men&nbsp;— penniless and devoted pianist Michael Pardue, who has just been released from prison; wealthy and controlling Nick Calderelli, who owns the nightclub where she is performing; and young theatre impresario Phil Goldman, who is in a position to cast her in the lead role in a West End play. As she tries to help Delysia sort through her various affairs, Miss Pettigrew is swept up into the world of high society. She is given a makeover by her new employer, and at a fashion show hosted by fashion maven Edythe Dubarry, she meets and feels attracted to lingerie designer Joe Blomfield, who's involved in a tempestuous relationship with Edythe. In the course of twenty-four hours, Guinevere and Delysia become fast friends and help each other achieve their romantic destinies. After a series of complications like those in screwball comedies of the 1930s and '40s, Delysia and Michael sail for New York City aboard the Queen Mary and Miss Pettigrew is found in Victoria Station by Joe, who is convinced that she is the woman for him, and has been looking for her all night. They leave the station together, arm in arm."] ['Ludo Decker and Anna Gotzlowski have been living together for two years. Everyday routine has set in, with Ludo neglecting his household responsibilities much to Anna\'s dislike, while he is in turn annoyed by her constant complaining. When Ludo runs into his former lover Marie in the disco, and Anna\'s old boyfriend Ralf comes to stay in their flat for a few days, the young couple faces serious jealousy and doubt in their relationship. Anna secretly reads Ludo\'s phone messages, while he in turn stumbles upon "The List", an account of Anna\'s former lovers -- including Ralf, who scores better than Ludo does. After a number of provocations, Ludo beats Ralf in a restaurant, and angrily leaves Anna. Even though the two still strongly care for each other, they end up sleeping with their respective ex-lovers. Ralf confesses that he never stopped loving Anna, but she rejects him and tells Ludo what happened. Even though Ludo has cheated on her as well, he angrily argues that she herself told him that, unlike men, women do not actually sleep with someone without feelings being involved. Anna begs him to come home, but he only says that he has no home any more, and leaves. Meanwhile, Ludo\'s best friend Moritz desperately tries to get more successful with women, and ends up in a number of absurd situations. In the end, he meets a young and beautiful sex-addict named Lana. After a few weeks, Anna receives a letter from Ludo, who has travelled back to the place where they spent their first and only vacation together. He writes that he misses her terribly, and that he wants nothing more than come back, have children, and spend the rest of his life with her. Anna follows him and finds him on a lonely beach, where she tells him that she wants a "little Ludo" before they can talk about a "little Anna". In the end, they return home together. A further sequel is planned.'] ['Sameer  is a hot-tempered person with terrible anger management issues ever since his parents passed away in his childhood. After he beats up a group of goons who tried to assault his girlfriend Roma , she breaks up with him due to his bad temper. Thus, as per his horoscope, he is very unlucky in love. With a broken and heavy heart and to get away from everything, he leaves for Goa to take up a job as a lifeguard, where he meets Rani  and instantly falls in love with her. After many attempts at befriending her and a rough start with her father , Rani and Sameer become friends. However, Sameer\'s ill fated luck comes into play as he still has some rough incidents with her father and Rani, too gets angry with him since she overhears him saying bad things about her to Pandit ji . Further trouble arrives in the form of Sunny , who moves into the same house as Sameer and shares a room with him. He too meets Rani, falls in love with her and decides to cause further trouble by getting closer to her through the mistakes Sameer makes. This causes a lot of trouble between the two. It is evident that Sunny is out to ruin Sameer\'s relationship with Rani so that he can steal Rani away from him. This can further be shown when he takes credit for Sameer as the latter had helped her with money for a fashion show and had made the mistake of remaining anonymous and calling himself her "well-wisher. Also, he goes to the extent of taking credit for a painting of Rani that Sameer has made. He kidnaps Rani\'s dog, Tommy and blames Sameer for it. These actions aggravate Sameer and ignite his temper, making his relationships rocky. Matters are not helped when Sameer gets into the bad books of Suraj Prakash , a man whom he had met on the train to Goa, who had scared Sameer into staying awake for the whole night and whom Sameer had later put on guard duty for night times for 3 months at the club where he was working. Also a misunderstanding occurs when Sameers grandmother who is partially blind arrives and mistakes, Rani\'s mother for Rani. Sameer, who goes to sort out the situation gets caught in an embarrassing position with Rani\'s mother. Rani, who is shocked and disgusted is advised by her mother that Sameer had not been at fault in that situation. She also says that Rani should carefully deliberate on whom she loves more. Disgusted and completely out of hope and patience, Sameer decides to leave Goa forever. As he is leaving, Sunny arrives and taunts him on how he got close to Rani through the latter\'s mistakes. Sameer says that he has had enough of dreaming of Rani and wishes Sunny all happiness as he leaves. Sunny however tries to have the last laugh as he taunts Sameer again. This time, Sameer looses his temper completely. He rounds on Sunny and chases him through the streets right through to a crowd at a cricket stadium, where India and Pakistan are supposed to be playing a friendly match. Deciding to have one last try, he enters the field after breaking through security, takes the mike from Kapil Dev, the guest of honour and uses it to apologise to Rani and her parents very sincerely for his past mistakes. Saying so, he confesses his love for her and aks her to marry him in front of the whole crowd, coupled with motivation from spectators and players alike. Rani runs out to the field and embraces him, thus reuniting with him. At the end, Sunny arrives and reveals that he is actually Arun, Sameer\'s childhood friend who had come to Goa, after getting information from Sameer\'s grandmother when he had gone to the latter\'s house the first thing after returning from America, for a cure to Sameer\'s anger management issues, all the time pretending to be his enemy. He had revealed the same to Rani and her parents earlier. Sameer, then realises who he is and is reunited with his old friend. The film ends with Arun conducting Sameer and Rani\'s marriage.'] ['{{Plot}} Jimmy Livingston was born without an immune system and is forced to live in a sterilized dome in his bedroom, earning him the title "Bubble Boy" by his neighbors. Jimmy\'s devout, right-wing, Christian mother only exposes him to Highlights magazine and the Land of the Lost for entertainment. When he is a teenager, a girl named Chloe moves in next door. Jimmy is immediately taken with her, and eventually befriends her despite his mothers\' discouragement. One day, Chloe visits Jimmy and tells him that she is leaving for Niagara Falls to marry her boyfriend, Mark, in three days. Jimmy is upset by this revelation and they separate on bad terms. Later, Jimmy opens a gift Chloe had brought him, a homemade snow globe with the phrase I Love You written in it. Jimmy realizes that Chloe cares for him. Realizing how much he cares for her, Jimmy builds a mobile bubble suit and runs away from home, determined to stop the wedding. On the first day of his journey, he\'s unable to afford a bus ride to Niagara Falls, but is picked up by an overly enthusiastic cult on a pilgrimage towards enlightenment. But after Jimmy unintentionally offends the cult , he is marooned in the desert. By this time, Jimmy\'s mother has discovered her son missing, so she and her husband set off to find Jimmy. While traveling through the desert, Jimmy meets Slim, a biker with a flat tire. Jimmy offers to fix the flat with some patches and the two become friends. Elsewhere, Gil, the leader of the cult Jimmy met, has revealed their messiah is "the round one," and that whoever rejects him will suffer. The group who abandoned Jimmy regret their actions and set off to find him. Jimmy and Slim have traveled to Las Vegas in hopes of scoring enough money to get to Niagara Falls. However, Slim gets caught up in the Vegas life so Jimmy goes on without him. The cult runs into Slim in Vegas while asking for directions. Slim recognizes them from Jimmy\'s story and threatens them, only to have his bike destroyed by the cult bus. Enraged, Slim rallies a gang of bikers to get even. While riding a motor scooter he won in Vegas, Jimmy is recognized by his parents, but veers off the road and boards a train filled with circus freaks and conducted by their "owner," Dr. Phreak. Dr. Phreak finds Jimmy and announces that he\'s keeping him as an attraction of his circus. Jimmy refuses, knocking him unconscious, allowing the circus freaks to escape. Jimmy then wanders into a restaurant where an Indian man is being antagonized by the ignorant townspeople. When Jimmy tries to defend him, the townspeople begin to probe him about his suit, but panic and evacuate the restaurant when they misunderstand his illness. The sheriff locks him in the restaurant and quarantines it, unintentionally setting the building on fire. Luckily, Jimmy is saved by Pushpop, the Ice Cream & Curry truck driver he had defended earlier. He and Jimmy escape the town that now is in flames. Pushpop thanks Jimmy for his earlier kindness and agrees to take him to Niagara Falls. Meanwhile, Jimmy\'s parents have met up with Dr. Phreak, whom Jimmy\'s mother mistakes for a child and brings along with them. Elsewhere in Niagara Falls, Chloe is apprehensive about marrying Mark and can\'t stop thinking of Jimmy. Later, Pushpop accidentally runs over a cow and feels he must atone for his actions, unable to continue the journey. Jimmy sets off on foot and ends up in a small town in Illinois. Here he meets Pappy, a cab driver who agrees to take him to Niagara Falls for $500 dollars. To earn the money Jimmy goes into a Japanese casino nearby and enters a mud wrestling competition with two women for a convenient prize of $500. Jimmy eventually wins, but just as he is about to leave he runs into the cult again. Proclaiming him as their chosen one, they plan on "releasing" Jimmy from his bubble. Luckily, the freaks have followed Jimmy and realizing he\'s in danger, disguise themselves as members of the cult and trick them into believing they\'re mutating for their earlier crimes against Jimmy. During this commotion, Slim and his bikers arrive on the scene. The Bikers, the Freaks, and the Cult all begin fighting to "save" Jimmy in their own ways. In the confusion, Jimmy escapes in the Taxi. On the last day of his journey, Pappy and Jimmy have now arrived in New York, but Pappy is unresponsive, having apparently died behind the wheel overnight, forcing Jimmy to abandon the moving taxi before it crashes. Jimmy tries to call Chloe to tell her of his success, only to reach her fiancé Mark, who rudely convinces him that Chloe doesn\'t really love him. Jimmy becomes depressed at this assumed rejection and calls Dr. Phreak, ready to assume his role as a freak like the others. However, his parents overhear Dr. Phreak\'s conversation, and upon learning his location, dump Dr. Phreak out of their  car and rush to retrieve him. When his parents pick him up, Jimmy and his father are sitting alone in the car. His father  regrets that Jimmy is giving up when he is so close. Jimmy\'s father then looks the other way while Jimmy escapes to finish his mission. Upon his mother discovering this, they begin chasing him down in the car, but a biplane swoops down out of nowhere and picks Jimmy up. The pilot is Pappy\'s Brother, Pippy. Finally, Jimmy reaches Niagara Falls but falls out of the plane and into the Falls itself. Jimmy manages to escape the water and arrives just in time to stop the wedding. He then removes his bubble suit, allowing him to touch the girl he loves for the first time. Upon kissing her, Jimmy collapses and presumably dies in front of everyone in the church, as well as all the people who have been chasing after him  Jimmy\'s mother then  confesses that Jimmy had developed an immune system when he was four, revealing that he is not actually dead at all and Jimmy\'s perfectly fine, health-wise. Mrs. Livingston had hidden this fact from Jimmy to protect him from the "corrupting" world. Jimmy forgives her and resumes kissing Chloe. Finally, Jimmy and Chloe are married with all of Jimmy\'s new friends in attendance. Jimmy\'s mom  rides off with Slim and Jimmy\'s father. Pushpop has become the new leader of the former cult who are apparently now followers of Hinduism. Dr. Phreak has befriended his band of freaks. Pippy and Pappy , drive off with Jimmy and Chloe to their honeymoon.'] ['The film starts with the closing scenes of Casablanca, with Humphrey Bogart and Ingrid Bergman. We then see that it is the main character, Allan Felix , who is watching the film in a cinema, mouth agape. He leaves the cinema regretting that he will never be like Rick. Apart from apparitions of Bogart he also has frequent flashbacks of conversations with his ex-wife, who constantly belittled his sexual adequacy. Allan Felix has just been through a messy divorce. His two friends, Linda Christie  and her husband Dick ([[Tony Roberts , try convincing him to go out with women again, setting him up with a series of blind dates, all of which turn out to be unsuitable. He agrees, and throughout the film, he is seen receiving dating advice from the ghost of Humphrey Bogart , who is visible and audible only to Allan. Allan\'s ex-wife Nancy  also makes fantasy appearances, as he imagines conversations with her about the breakdown of their marriage. On one occasion, the fantasy seems to run out of control, with both Bogart and Nancy appearing. As the film goes on we see that, when it comes to women, Allan puts on a mask. He attempts to become sexy and sophisticated, in particular he tries to be like his idol, Bogart, only to end up ruining his chances by being too clumsy. Eventually, he develops feelings for Linda, around whom he feels relatively at ease and does not feel the need to put on the mask. At the point where he finally makes his move on Linda  a vision of his ex-wife appears and shoots Bogart, leaving him without advice. He then makes an awkward move. Linda runs off but returns, realizing that Allan loves her. "As Time Goes By" plays as they kiss, with flashes from Casablanca. However, their relationship is ultimately doomed, just as it was for Rick  and Ilsa  in Casablanca. Dick comes home early from Cleveland and confides in Allan that he thinks Linda is having an affair, not working out that her affair is with Allan, but expresses his love for Linda to him. The ending is a parody of Casablancas famous ending. Dick is catching a flight to Cleveland, Linda is chasing after him, and Allan is chasing after Linda. The fog, the aircraft engine start-ups, the trenchcoats worn and the dialogue are all reminiscent of the film, as Allan nobly explains to Linda why she has to go with her husband, rather than staying behind with him. Allan says "if that plane leaves the ground and you\'re not on it, you\'ll regret it, maybe not today maybe not tomorrow, but soon, and for the rest of your life". "That is beautiful," she says, causing Allan to reply "It\'s from Casablanca. . . . I\'ve waited my whole life to say it". His journey is complete. The music from the scene in Casablanca resumes the theme "As Time Goes By" and the film ends.'] ['Young-min works for a publishing company after his graduation upon a college, as dreaming of becoming a writer some day. He marries his college sweetheart, Mi-young, believing that their love would be everlasting.{{cite web|urlK&p_dataidMy Bride My Love |publisher"Cine 21">{{cite web}}'] ["The movie begins with two young kids who fight each other in a marriage hall who grow up to be Krishna  and Ramya  . They meet after two decades during a college cultural meet and again lock horns with each other. Fate brings them together in Chennai after a few years, again fighting with each other. Meanwhile, a series of events forces Krishna's close friend Aravindh  to come to India from the USA to get married. His parents arrange his wedding with Ramya. Ramya, who decides to get married to help her younger sister's love, displays herself as a passive character who accepts whatever the life partner feel is right. On the contrary, she is bold, active, independent and assertive in nature. Knowing this, Krishna tries hard to let her true character come out. However, Aravindh stalls the wedding plans and returns to the USA as he finds Ramya as a person who does not think on her own and not independent. Mistaking Krishna for influencing Aravindh, Ramya locks horns with him. Meanwhile, Ramya's mother  ends up in hospital and Krishna comes to the help of the family and eventually develops an affinity for Ramya which turns into romance. Enters Aravindh now with a decision to marry Ramya. The climax was expected after the closeness between Ramya and Krishna. In the end, at the airport when they both come to receive Aravindh they end up in each other's arms and Aravindh also approves of it."] ['Department store salesclerk Anabel Sims  is very enamored with the idea of getting married. So when handsome pediatrician Madison Brown  asks for her help in making a purchase, she decides that he is the one for her. He is quite happy as a bachelor, but Anabel proves to be a very determined schemer. She learns all she can about him, everything from where he went to school to his favorite foods. Madison soon realizes her intentions and does his best to fend off the young woman. Anabel makes a reservation at a restaurant on a day when she knows that Madison habitually dines there. In an attempt to make him jealous, she pretends to be waiting for wealthy, thrice-married playboy Roger Sanford , who happens to be her employer and Madison\'s university classmate. By chance, Roger shows up. Fortunately for her, Roger believes that she is using Madison as a ruse to get acquainted with him. However, the maneuver fails; Madison\'s feelings remain unchanged. Anabel comes up with more ingenious schemes, but they are all unsuccessful. However, Roger falls in love with her. He eventually asks her to marry him, but she only invites him to dinner at her home. When Anabel\'s best friend Julie  warns Madison, he begins to worry, knowing something of Roger\'s success with women. The doctor invites himself to the little soirée. While waiting for Anabel, they are unexpectedly joined by "Old Joe" , Anabel\'s longtime hometown beau, who announces that he and Anabel are finally going to get married. At first, Madison congratulates them, but after thinking about it, makes his own bid for her hand. Anabel leaves the decision up to Joe, who bows out, saying that he only wants her to be happy. After Joe leaves, Madison informs Anabel that her research on him was incomplete; he recognized "Joe\'s" voice as that of a radio performer he listens to frequently.'] ['Following the wedding of his daughter Kay , Stanley T. Banks , a suburban lawyer, recalls the day, three months earlier, when he first learned of Kay\'s engagement to Buckley Dunstan ([[Don Taylor . At the family dinner table, Kay\'s casual announcement that she is in love with Buckley and has accepted his proposal makes Stanley feel uneasy, but he soon comes to realize that his daughter has grown up and the wedding is inevitable. While Ellie , Kay\'s mother, immediately begins making preparations for the wedding, Stanley lies awake at night, fearing the worst for his daughter. Stanley\'s misgivings about the marriage eventually make Ellie anxious, and she insists that Kay introduce them to Buckley\'s parents. Kay calls the tradition "old-fashioned rigamarole," but arranges the meeting nevertheless. Before the introduction, Stanley has a private conversation with Buckley, and is pleased to learn that the young man is the head of a small company and that he is capable of providing a comfortable life for Kay. The Bankses\' first meeting with Doris and Herbert, Buckley\'s parents, gets off to an awkward start, and goes from bad to worse when Stanley drinks too much and falls asleep in the wealthy Dunstans\' living room. Following Kay and Buckley\'s engagement party, Stanley, who misses the entire party because he is in the kitchen mixing drinks, realizes that his plans for a small wedding have been swept aside and he will be expected to pay for an extravagant wedding "with all the trimmings."As costs for the June event spiral out of control, Stanley calculates that he can afford to accommodate no more than one hundred and fifty guests. The task of paring down the guest list proves too difficult, however, and Stanley reluctantly consents to a 250-person reception. The plans for a lavish wedding continue until the day that Buckley tells Kay that he wants to take her on a fishing trip in Nova Scotia for their honeymoon. Kay reacts to the announcement with shock and calls off the wedding, but she and Buckley soon reconcile, and the two families begin their wedding rehearsals. On the day of the wedding, chaos reigns at the Banks home as final preparations are made for the reception. The wedding ceremony brings both joy and sorrow to Stanley, as he realizes that his daughter is now a woman and no longer his child. The following day, Ellie and Stanley survey the mess in their home and concur that the entire affair was a great success.{{Cite web}}'] ['"Reggie" , the carefree Marquis of Buckminster, is happy to serve as best man at his friends\' weddings, but loathes the idea of getting married himself. However, his grandmother , the Dowager Marchioness of Buckminster, is impatient for him to have children and gives him an ultimatum: find a wife or she will cut off his allowance. She gives him a list of half a dozen or so candidates she has handpicked. At the head of the list are the twin daughters of the Earl of Stokeshire , Lady Mary Rose  and Lady Rose Mary . Observing his discomfort with interest is the Marchioness\'s secretary and companion, Miss Hutchinson . Reggie had been seeing a beautiful married woman, Mrs. Dryden , but faced with poverty, he gives in. He flips a coin to decide between the twins, but finds  that both already have beaus, "Bimbo" ([[John Loder  and "Tootles" ([[Maurice Evans . However, the young ladies have been reluctant to approach their status-conscious father, as their sweethearts are commoners. Reggie comes up with the idea to save himself from marriage by getting all his grandmother\'s candidates engaged, starting with the twins. He helps the two couples by leaking the story of their engagements to the press, forcing the earl to  accept the situation. The guests spend the days leading up to the dual wedding at the earl\'s country estate, affording Reggie the opportunity to successfully play matchmaker for the rest of the women on his list. One night, he finds Miss Hutchinson alone and crying; he guesses she is having romantic problems of her own and advises her to look her man straight in the eye and have it out. Later, she takes his advice...and confronts him. Reggie then discovers he is not so opposed to marriage after all. All is complete when the Marchioness herself accepts the proposal of a longtime admirer, Major Harry Roxbury .'] [' Princess Elisabeth, lovingly called Sissi, is the second oldest daughter of Duke Maximilian Joseph in Bavaria and Princess Ludovika of Bavaria. She grows carefree with her seven siblings in the family seat Possenhofen Castle on the shores of Lake Starnberg in Bavaria. The impetuous girl loves animals and nature and spent a happy childhood without the usual constraints connected to her status as a royal. Together with her mother and her older sister Helene , the 16-year-old Sissi travels from Possenhofen to the summer spa resort of Bad Ischl in Upper Austria. Ludovika\'s sister, Archduchess Sophie, is the mother of the young emperor Franz Joseph I of Austria. On the initiative of the emperor\'s mother, Helene is called to meet her cousin, the young emperor Franz Joseph in the imperial villa, to be immediately engaged to him. Sissi is unaware of the real reason for the journey and is not allowed by her mother to participate in any social events in Bad Ischl due to her rebellious ways. So she ends up spending her free time fishing in the forest. The two meet by chance, as the arriving emperor has no idea that the pretty girl is his younger cousin Sissi. He takes a liking to her and invites her for the afternoon for a hunting trip in the Alps. They meet and spend a wonderful time in the mountains, talking and getting to know each other. She ends up falling in love with him but does not reveal her true identity. At this meeting, the surprised Sissi learns of the planned marriage of Franz Joseph with her older sister Néné. Wistfully however the young emperor confesses that he envies the man who will one day get to marry Sissi instead, as he does not feel a connection to Néné. Upon hearing this indirect declaration of love, she becomes distraught due to her loyalty to her older sister. She runs away from him without any further explanation, leaving him puzzled at her sudden departure.  As they return to their residence, Néné airs the secret of the trip to Bad Ischl: to become engaged with Franz Joseph the same evening. Sissi will also attend this social high point with a ball in honour of the birthday of the emperor. At his birthday party, Franz Joseph is suddenly confronted by the appearance of Sissi in the presence of her mother and sister, realizing who she in reality is. He tries to talk to her, now openly confessing his love and asks her to marry him. In order not to hurt her sister Néné, she rejects him. Franz Joseph however, openly defies his mother\'s reservations and Sissi\'s resistance and announces to the surprise of every guest present their betrothal. The spurned Néné is heartbroken and leaves the ball in tears, while Sissi is in a state of shock but has to accept the emperor\'s wishes. Back in her native Possenhofen, the wedding preparations are in full swing. However, Sissi can not look forward to her impending marriage, as the hurt Néné has left home for an indefinite period. However, just as Sissi is about to break off the engagement for the sake of her older sister, Néné returns as she has just fallen in love with her new suitor, Maximilian Anton, Hereditary Prince of Thurn and Taxis. Overjoyed, the two sisters reunite and Néné gives her blessings to Sissi, now opening her way to her marriage and future happiness. For the wedding ceremony Sissi travels with her entire family on board the steamboat "Franz Joseph" down the river Danube to Vienna. The people line the banks of the river and joyfully wave flags and cheer on their future empress. In a grand procession, Sissi enters the city in a gilded carriage and the dream wedding between her and Franz Joseph takes place in the Augustinian Church on April 24, 1854.'] ['Shirley Valentine-Bradshaw  is a 42 year old Liverpudlian housewife whose family pays her so little attention she frequently talks to her kitchen walls in order to keep a conversation going. When her flamboyant friend Jane  wins a trip for two to Greece, Shirley uncharacteristically puts herself first and accepts her invitation to join her. Upon their arrival in Mykonos, Jane promptly abandons her companion for a romance with a man she met on the plane before it even took off. When the plane lands, Shirley sets off on her own, with Jane promising to return that night. Jane doesn\'t surface for several days, but Shirley is fine on her own, exploring the island. Eventually she is "rescued" by her fellow Brits Jeanette and Dougie  at lunch one day. During lunch, another British couple begins to disparage Greece as being too Greek. Shirley can\'t stand more than a few insults before she blasts them all, letting them know that the Greeks are responsible for many modern accomplishments that they take for granted. After dinner , she goes off alone and happens upon a taverna. She then asks the owner to help her fulfill a dream she\'s had: drinking wine by the sea. The owner, Costas Dimitriades , willingly helps her by moving a small table and chair next to the sea. After realizing that the grass is indeed greener, Shirley is worse off than before. Costas comes by and offers to walk her back to her room. Once there, he invites her out to his brother\'s boat the next day. When she balks, he promises not to try to seduce her. Convinced that he only wants to cheer her up, she agrees. The next morning, as Shirley is preparing to meet Costas, Jane returns to the room, begging for forgiveness and not giving Shirley a word in edgewise. As Jane goes to change for their day together, Costas shows up and Shirley leaves with him, with Jane trailing behind in disbelief. Shirley then pawns Jane off on the uptight Brits as payback for leaving her alone. Shirley and Costas go out on the boat. Shirley goes skinny-dipping, revealing to the camera that she doesn\'t want Costas to keep his promise from the day before. After she kisses him, he doesn\'t. Once Jane hears about what has happened, she believes that Shirley has fallen in love with Costas. However, Shirley reveals to the camera that she\'s fallen in love with the idea of living. Shirley spends more time with Costas, yet she is despondent about having to leave soon. Once the time comes, Shirley gets as far as the airport before turning back. Once back at the taverna, she finds Costas handing the same line to another tourist as he did with her. However, Shirley isn\'t upset because she didn\'t return for him; she wants a job. Once Jane arrives at the airport back in Britain, she drops Shirley\'s suitcase without a word to Shirley\'s husband Joe, who is carrying an armful of flowers. He is shocked and embarrassed at being left and calls Shirley any time he can, from a variety of places. He becomes more and more desperate the longer she is away, as she becomes more content with her new life. Finally their son tells Joe to go and get her instead of insisting she come back. Hurt by his son\'s words, Joe sets off for Greece. Shirley, having received a telegram about Joe\'s impending arrival, prepares for it. Costas is afraid of a confrontation with Joe, and begs off with a fake excuse. Once Joe arrives at the taverna, he walks by Shirley, not recognising her. She calls him by name and when he turns around, sees, as Shirley puts it, "not the wife or the mother, but Shirley Valentine". After gathering himself, she pours him a glass of wine and invites him to sit with her at the table and chairs by the sea.'] ["In Westport, Connecticut, Augie and Isolde Poole celebrate their fifth wedding anniversary by turning in an application to the Rock-a-Bye adoption agency. Encouraged by their friends and next-door neighbors, Dick and Alice Pepper, who have three children and another due, Isolde, who has been unsuccessful in her attempts to become pregnant, is determined that she and Augie will eventually be parents. While awaiting news of the application to the agency, Isolde decides that she and Augie should continue to try to have a baby on their own, and she enthusiastically follows all the latest advice by pregnancy experts. Although exhausted by Isolde's resolve, Augie worries about having a child while they are living off Isolde's family money as he struggles to make a success as a serious cartoonist. Dick, editor of The Townsman magazine, assures Augie that his publication would gladly hire Augie to write gags, but Isolde insists that Augie hold out for a more important offer. Dick criticizes Augie for being too serious, compared to his own lighthearted manner, which, to Augie's dismay, includes perpetual infidelity. One afternoon some weeks after their application, Estelle Novick, a striking young representative from Rock-a-Bye, visits the Pooles' neighborhood. Having learned of Estelle's presence from other neighbors, Alice takes Isolde home to dress her properly for the interview. When Estelle comes to the Pooles' house, Augie is unaware of her identity and, believing she works for a local charity, drinks two cocktails and behaves casually.  When Dick comes over and makes a pass at Estelle, however, she is outraged and reveals her identity. Reminding the men that Dick is the Pooles' reference, Estelle waves aside their abject apologies and insists that she must report her findings to the agency. When Estelle departs as soon as Isolde returns, Isolde is hurt and angry at Augie and goes home with Alice. Dick tries to comfort Augie by suggesting that Augie might relax if he had an affair, but when Augie scoffs, Dick offers him tranquilizers and leaves. Moments later, Estelle returns to the Pooles', apologizes for her severe behavior and accepts the cocktail Augie offered her earlier. Considering Dick's advice and dispirited by Isolde's anger, Augie is emboldened to ask Estelle to dinner. While driving into town, however, Augie panics and takes one of Dick's tranquilizers. Later, when Augie becomes drowsy, Estelle drives him to a motel and checks him into a room to let him sleep off the pill's effect. The next morning, Augie is mortified to find himself in the motel and, finding a note from Estelle thanking him for his kindness, believes he has been unfaithful to Isolde. Three months later, Isolde is disheartened to have heard nothing from Rock-a-Bye or any of the other adoption agencies. Augie visits Dick and confesses the incident with Estelle, from whom he has just received a call informing him that she is pregnant and leaving the area for her confinement. Fearful that she will demand money, Augie pleads with Dick to hire him at the magazine, then give him a thousand dollar advance. Later that day, Estelle drops by to visit the Pooles to advise them that she believes in a few months they may at last get their baby. Isolde is delighted by the news and Augie weakly announces his new job with Dick's magazine. Alone with Estelle later, Augie presses the money on her, then demands an explanation. Estelle promises to repay the loan, then explains that she owes the Pooles for all of Augie's assistance to her. A few months later, Dick and Alice throw Augie and Isolde a party in anticipation of the arrival of the new baby. While dancing with Dick, Isolde confides that she has found a mysterious thousand dollar imbalance in the Pooles' finances. Realizing this must be the money Augie has given Estelle, Dick invents a story of losing an investment on the stock market and Augie giving him a loan. Surprised but pleased, Isolde asks for the money to be repaid for preparations for the baby. That night, Isolde tells Augie about the bank imbalance and, panicked, Augie hastily admits that he borrowed money from Dick several times and paid it back in full once he was employed. Certain that Augie is covering for Dick, the next day Isolde tells Alice, who promises to repay the money. Some weeks later, Miss MacCracken from Rock-a-Bye telephones to schedule a visit. Unnerved, Augie wonders if he should confess everything to Isolde. Miss MacCracken arrives and informs Isolde and Augie that a baby has just been born and they have been moved to the top of the agency's list. Thrilled, Augie and Isolde welcome the infant baby boy to their home days later, and soon everyone notices the baby's similarity to Augie. Weeks afterward, as the physical similarity grows, Isolde becomes suspicious. When Isolde has Augie's baby picture blown up and Alice mistakes it for the baby, Isolde furiously accuses Augie of infidelity and declares she is leaving him. As Isolde is packing, Miss MacCracken returns to make an inspection of the couples' first month with the baby. Realizing that the couple is breaking up, she declares she must make a report to the agency, but Augie pleads for a week and Miss MacCracken agrees. Desperate to stop Isolde from leaving, Augie then confesses the incident with Estelle. Just then, however, Estelle arrives to congratulate the Pooles and repay Augie the loan. She explains the money made it possible for her husband to continue his research in Australia while she had her baby girl. With her husband's success at publishing a book on his work, she and the baby will join him in Australia. After showing the Pooles a picture of her baby girl and admiring how well the agency did placing the Pooles with their baby, Estelle departs. Isolde apologizes to Augie for her suspicions, then admits to feeling unusual. The Pooles then realize that Isolde is pregnant and retire to the house to celebrate."] ['Cameron James , a new student at Padua Stadium High School, is given a tour of the school by Michael Eckman , an A.V. geek. During the tour, Cameron notices the beautiful and popular Bianca Stratford  and he is immediately smitten with her. Michael warns Cameron that Bianca is shallow and conceited, and that her father does not allow her to date. However, Michael does inform Cameron that Bianca is looking for a French tutor. At the Stratford residence, Bianca\'s outcast older sister, Kat , is in conflict with their overprotective father , who wants Kat to attend college nearby despite her acceptance to Sarah Lawrence College. Bianca is also fighting with their father regarding his strict no-dating rule. Kat\'s aversion to dating prompts their father to come up with a new rule, to Bianca\'s fury: Bianca can only date if Kat is also in a relationship. Cameron starts tutoring Bianca . After Cameron makes a failed attempt to ask her out on a date, she informs him of her father’s rule. This motivates Cameron and Michael to find a boy who is willing to date Kat. Cameron suggests Patrick Verona , another outcast who is just as ill-tempered as Kat. Cameron tries asking Patrick for his assistance, but Patrick scares him off. Michael suggests that Joey Donner , an affluent student and model who also wants to date Bianca, pay Patrick to take Kat out. Patrick agrees, but Kat wants nothing to do with him. After a little effort, Patrick gets Kat to attend a party with him, but rejects her advances, leaving her angered and unwilling to talk to him. At the party, Bianca sees Cameron but is dragged away by Joey. He poses and tries to please her when Bianca realizes he is just obsessed with himself. After the party, Cameron admits his feelings for Bianca, and they kiss. The next day, Patrick eventually wins Kat over with a performance of "Can\'t Take My Eyes Off You" in front of her entire soccer team. After sneaking Patrick out of detention, the two go on a date and kiss; however, when Patrick asks Kat to prom, she becomes suspicious and the two fight. Bianca tries to convince her father to let her attend the prom, but he refuses because Kat is not going to the prom. When Bianca confronts Kat, it is revealed that Kat previously dated Joey and they slept together once since "everyone was doing it." She tells Bianca that her feelings of isolation from her fellow students dated from that incident and that she would never again do anything just because it was the popular thing to do. Bianca and Kat end up going to the prom with Cameron and Patrick, respectively. Joey is furious to learn that Bianca has gone to the prom with Cameron, and confronts Patrick about the "arrangement" in front of Kat. Kat is very angry at Patrick when she discovers the truth and leaves him at the prom. Joey subsequently confronts Cameron about manipulating the "deal" for himself and knocks him to the floor, but Bianca punches Joey numerous times for using her, for hurting Kat\'s feelings, and for punching Cameron. Bianca and Cameron share a kiss and leave Joey lying on the floor in pain. The next morning, Kat and Bianca\'s relationship appears to have improved drastically as Bianca attempts to comfort her older sister. Their father allows Kat to go to Sarah Lawrence College; she is extremely grateful and hugs him with happiness. Later at school, Kat reads a poem which she wrote for English class, titled "Ten Things I Hate About You," revealing her true feelings for Patrick. After school, Kat finds a guitar in her car that Patrick bought her with the money that Joey paid him, and he admits that he messed up his and Joey\'s deal by falling for her. Kat forgives Patrick and the two reconcile with a kiss.'] ['Elisabeth Shue plays the title character, Molly McKay, a 28-year-old woman with autism. She has lived in an institution from a young age following her parents\' death in a car accident. When the institution must close due to budget cuts, Molly is left in the charge of her neurotypical older brother, Buck McKay , an advertising executive and perennial bachelor. Molly, who verbalizes very little and is obsessed with lining up her shoes in neat rows, throws Buck\'s life into a tailspin as she runs off her nurses and barges into a meeting at Buck\'s agency naked. Molly\'s neurologist, Susan Brookes , suggests an experimental surgery in which genetically modified brain cells are implanted into Molly\'s brain. While Buck initially balks at the suggestion, he finally consents to the surgery and Molly makes a gradual but miraculous "recovery", speaking fluidly and interacting with others in a "normal" way. Buck begins taking Molly to social events, like a production of Romeo and Juliet, a baseball game, and expensive dinners. However, after a few months, Molly\'s brain begins to reject the transplanted cells and she begins to regress into her former state. Both Molly and Buck must accept the eventual loss of Molly\'s "cure" and her regression to her previous state. In the final scene of the film, Buck accepts Molly\'s autism and vows to remain in Molly\'s life by creating a room for her at his home that looks just like the room she had at the institution.'] ['{{Plot}} Josie Geller  is a highly intelligent, but socially inept, copy editor for the Chicago Sun-Times who has never had a real relationship. One day during a staff meeting, the tyrannical editor-in-chief, Rigfort  assigns her to report undercover at a high school to help parents become more aware of their children\'s lives. Josie tells her brother Rob  about the assignment, and he reminds her that during high school she was a misfit labelled "Josie Grossie", a nickname which continues to haunt her. Her first day at South Glen South High School is miserable. Josie reverts to the old geek that ruined her first high school career. She also has an unfortunate run-in with Gibby, Kirsten, and Kristen , three mean, popular girls, and Guy Perkins ([[Jeremy Jordan , the most attractive, popular student at South Glen South. Upon discovering that Guy and his friends have hidden her car, Josie loses hope, but is warmed when a kind-hearted, intelligent girl named Aldys  befriends her. Aldys dislikes Guy and his gang, referring to them as "lemmings", and they in turn view her as an uncool geek. Aldys suggests that Josie should join The Denominators, a group of intelligent students. Josie does but fails to get her story. Josie becomes enamoured with her English teacher, Sam Coulson , who is a fan of Shakespeare, as is Josie, and she becomes the top student in his class. After reciting a romantic excerpt from Shakespeare to Sam, Josie has horrible flashbacks to where she read a romantic poem aloud in class to her high school crush, a popular boy named Billy Prince , who made fun of her for it. One night while out driving with Aldys, Josie encounters Guy Perkins and his gang at a local hangout called "The Court" where promiscuity and underage drinking takes place. Guy is nasty to Josie and Aldys, who claims that nothing exciting happens in Guy\'s court, but Josie knows from experience that Aldys secretly longs to be popular. Her superior Augustus "Gus" Strauss  loses patience with Josie after a rival paper exposes the truth on The Court, and orders Josie to become friends with the popular kids. He arranges for her to wear a hidden camera that will report back information to Gus, and soon the whole office becomes obsessed with Josie\'s story. Josie\'s co-worker Anita , after hearing Josie\'s recital of Shakespeare, grows unhappy with her promiscuous lifestyle and develops an attraction towards Gus, and he reciprocates. Josie goes home and confides in Rob about her fears. She tearfully tells him that South Glen South is simply a repetition of her old high school days and all she wants is to be accepted and not abused. Rob - who was the most popular guy in school in his youth - insists that if Josie can get one cool person to like her, then no one will dare question her. He urges her to let go of her old self and start anew. Determined, Josie goes to school the next day and overhears Guy telling his group about a cool band that are playing in a bar that night. Josie follows and meets Sam and his uptight girlfriend, Lara . However, she is tricked into eating a hash brownie and makes a fool of herself onstage by dancing wildly in front of Guy, the girls, and Sam. The next day, Josie oversleeps and is late for school. As her hand was stamped "loser" the night before at the club, the ink prints the word "loser" on her forehead, unknown to her. She merrily goes to school and is horrified to find everyone mocking her. She runs to the bathroom, sees the mark on her face and vomits in the toilet. She breaks down in tears and remembers the night of her prom. She was overjoyed at the thought of Billy Prince taking her to the prom and waits outside for him in her prom gown. But when Billy arrives in his limo, he has another girl with him and the both of them hurl eggs and insults at Josie, who collapses in tears. As she runs through the school hall, she encounters Rob who has enrolled as a new student and schemes to help her be popular. He becomes an instant hit with Guy Perkins and the other trendy kids, and spreads incredible stories about Josie, convincing the others that she is not a loser. Much to the anger of Aldys, Josie becomes popular and hangs out with the cool crowd. Sam and Josie grow closer but Sam struggles with his feelings as he thinks that she is a student and therefore off limits. Josie begins dating Guy and she recommends that the theme for the senior prom should be "Meant for Each Other", famous couples throughout history. This idea is met with approval and Guy and Josie attend the prom as Rosalind and Orlando from Shakespeare\'s As You Like It. Anita, Gus and Josie\'s various other co-workers watch through the camera and are overjoyed as she is voted prom queen. As Guy dances with Aldys, as an alleged act of friendship, Josie dances with Sam and watches, horrified, as Gibby, Kirsten and Kristen nearly pour dog food over Aldys as revenge for her insulting them. Josie knocks the can away from Aldys and spills dog food over the three girls, who turn on her and denounce her as a loser. Infuriated, Josie throws her crown away and reveals her true age and occupation, and that she is disgusted by them. She angrily states how shallow the popular girls are, and praises Aldys for her kindness. Josie warns the students that who one was in high school means nothing outside in the real world and urges them to be themselves. She flees and leaves the students appalled. Sam is hurt by her lies and states he wants nothing to do with her. Also angry is Rob, who as a phony student received a second chance to play baseball and be scouted for the pros. He tells Josie that he "taught those kids something" and that she totally ruined things for him and the team. Josie vows to give Gus a story and write her story of her own high school career. She admits she has never been kissed, and also mentions the students of South Glen South, kindly remarking on Guy\'s confidence, Gibby, Kirsten and Kristen\'s beauty, and Aldys\'s intelligence, and her love for Sam. The entire city is moved by her story and the pain she suffered in her teens. She says she will stand in the middle of the baseball field and wait for Sam to come and kiss her, if he really loves her. She also makes amends with Rob by using her influence at the paper to secure Rob an assistant coaching job with the team, something he proves to be successful doing. Josie waits but Sam has not heard as he is moving to New York. She waits with encouragement from Anita, Aldys, Gus, Guy and the girls. The clock runs out with no sign of Sam. A heartbroken Josie drops the microphone she\'s been holding to the ground. Fighting tears, she hears cheers rising from the bleachers seconds later as Sam rushes to the pitcher\'s mound. Sam apologizes for being late and kisses Josie for the very first time.'] ['{{Plot}}  The film opens with Kevin , an advertisement employee, on stage, performing at a high school grad party. He sees the girl he likes, and his bandmates try to get him to sing to her and ask her out. He becomes nervous, ends up seeing himself naked in front of everyone, and faints. Fast-forward 7 years, and Kevin\'s in advertising. He makes a pitch for Reebok that gets shot down. The pitch is later used in the meeting by his "partner" Jackie  who presents it as hers at the last minute. As he takes the train home from work, he meets Abbey . They hit it off talking about their similar interests . As they go their separate ways, they hesitate but eventually leave. They each go home and discuss the encounter with their friends. He decides to try to find Abbey by making posters and placing them all over town. He goes out with a few random women who answer the call, none of which are Abbey. The local newspaper finds out about his search and sets up an interview. The reporter, Brady Frances , is an old classmate who hates him; in high school Brady asked a girl out to prom and she promptly asked Kevin who was standing nearby, then returned to Brady and said she was taken. The article comes out in the paper and Kevin gets hundreds of calls, which leads to his dateless roommates — aspiring musician Rod ; Eric ([[GQ ; and art nut Randy  — suggesting they date all the callers to help. Eric has the idea shot down when he originally pitches it to Kevin, but while Kevin is at work one day, Eric calls and asks him to reconsider. It is poor timing, as Kevin is having a conversation with his boss, Higgins . When he gives a "Yes" answer to a question from Higgins, Eric hears him on the other end of the line, and hangs up. A follow up article comes out in which Brady presents Kevin as a loser, which makes even more girls call. Brady gets more upset when his girlfriend Julie ([[Amanda Foreman , who is rather bothered by his still-intense grudge against Kevin, takes Kevin\'s side. While the search is going on Abbey is having problems with her boyfriend of 3 years, whom she was visiting when she met Kevin. Her boyfriend buys tickets to an Al Green concert and flakes out on her. Kevin is also at the concert but they never see each other, despite several close calls. Soon, Eric, Rod, and Randy begin taking calls from many girls, and going on dates with them, for their own enjoyment  and to find Abbey. One of the girls is actually Abbey, who gets mad when she finds out Kevin\'s friends are taking the dates. Another girl who answers the call is Brady\'s girlfriend, Julie. When she tells him the friends are answering the calls and dating the girls Brady writes another article declaring the scam. At work, Reebok decides they won\'t work with Kevin once the article comes out and he is taken off the project, even though it was his idea. After work Kevin sees Abbey waiting for the train. He tries to get her attention but she doesn\'t see him till she\'s getting on the train. He runs to get on but the doors close. As he knocks on her window she smacks the paper with the headline "Train Man Scam" against the window as the train pulls away. He talks to Eric about it and Eric finally tells him she did answer the call and they went out. Kevin punches Eric and leaves. His friends, who feel guilty about the whole situation, decide to search for Abbey themselves. They put up their own posters, with a hand drawn image of her, and ride the train for days. At first people aren\'t interested in helping, until Eric makes a speech about being in love, ending it with, "Love may not make the world go \'round, but it\'s what makes the ride worthwhile." He gets a standing ovation from everyone on the train except Abbey, sitting in stunned silence behind the other passengers. Things continue going downhill when Kevin learns his best friend at the agency, Nathan , suffers a heart attack. Kevin goes to see Nathan at a rehab facility, where Nathan tells him the story of both meeting his wife at a Chicago Cubs game, and catching a home run from Cubs legend Ernie Banks the same day, and how the two tied together. He gives Kevin the baseball and tells him to try to find Abbey again. Things soon start going uphill for Kevin. For starters, he is put back on the ad campaign project . He gets put in charge of the billboards for the ad, and changes it to an apology for Abbey asking her to meet him at the station at 7. The billboard is all over town and the media wait with him at the scheduled time. After 15 minutes of Abbey not showing up, the TV crews start packing up and the spectators begin to disperse, but all stop when Kevin picks up a paper airplane thrown by Abbey telling him to look up. Kevin races up a flight of stairs to a breezeway over the tracks, where he asks Abbey for her name, and number. Abbey responds with, "Abbey, and I\'d thought you\'d never ask." They then kiss, much to the delight of the crowd at the station, and to the television viewers at home, and in a bar where his roommates are watching. Life also gets better for Rod and Randy. Randy meets a girl at the bar while watching Kevin\'s meeting with Abbey, and finds that she, too, is interested in art. Meanwhile, Julie dumps Brady for Rod, who is offered a contract to the record label owned by his idol, Mick Silver , saying he liked Rod\'s demo tape, which Kevin sent in. Brady is given an advice column in the Living section of the Chicago Times.'] ['In Los Angeles, popular songwriter Steve Elliott  prepares to marry Caroline Brooks , who has pledged to give up her job as a college swimming instructor once she has wed. Likewise, Steve plans to quit his songwriting career, even though New York producer George Adams  has already hired him to write new songs for a water ballet show. When George overhears Steve discussing his "retirement" with Caroline, he vows to prevent the marriage and enlists Maria Dorango , an aspiring actress posing as a Latin-American singer, to help him. Moments after a justice of the peace pronounces the redheaded Steve and Caroline man and wife, Maria rushes in, claiming that Steve is her husband and the father of her three redheaded children, which she has paraded in at that moment. Although Steve pleads his innocence, Caroline storms off in a rage and returns to her teaching post at Victoria College in New Jersey. A determined Steve and his friend, Carlos Ramirez, follow her there, but are denied entrance to the all-female school. Later, in a New York nightclub, Steve meets drunken lawyer Chester Klazenfrantz  and learns that Klazenfrantz has been hired to change the charter of Victoria College, which has never officially designated itself as all-female. Armed with this information, Steve returns to Victoria and insists on applying for admission. Unaware of Caroline\'s relationship to Steve, Dean Clinton  suggests to the faculty that he be admitted for a two-week probationary period, during which time they would give him 100 demerits, which would qualify him for expulsion before Parents Day. Once enrolled, Steve tries to speak with Caroline, but she refuses to listen to his explanations and tells him she is seeking an annulment. Later, in music class, stodgy Professor Hendricks  attempts to discredit Steve, whose presence on campus has created a furor among the co-eds, by ordering him to write his own version of the Scottish ballad Loch Lomond and teach the next day\'s class. With help from several talented students, Carlos, the music teaching assistant , and Steve\'s friend Harry James and his orchestra, Steve meets Hendricks\' challenge and is awarded an "A." That night, Steve visits Caroline at her house, but is turned out after Willis Evans , a conservative botany professor who is in love with Caroline, arrives. When Caroline realizes that Steve is hiding in her closet, spying on her, she commands Willis\' Great Dane, Duke, to guard the closet door, while reminding Steve that unless he is in his room in five minutes, he will be expelled for breaking curfew. With only seconds to spare, Steve manages to trick the dog long enough to escape back to his dingy basement room. Steve is then visited by George, who threatens to vilify him in the press unless he finishes his songs. When Steve swears deadly revenge on the person who hired Maria, however, George backs down and offers to help Steve do his homework. Concerned about the approaching Parents Day, Dean Clinton, meanwhile, commands Steve\'s professors, who have penalized him with only fifty-five demerits, to bear down on him. To that end, Mme. Zarka , Steve\'s ruthlessly strict ballet teacher, forces him to wear a tutu and dance with the co-eds, but Steve once again rises to the occasion. A now desperate Dean Clinton asks Caroline to go out with Steve and ensure that he arrives back at Victoria after the curfew. Caroline agrees, but during the evening, Steve convinces her of his innocence, and as they drive back to school, the newlyweds make plans to return to California together. Unknown to Caroline and Steve, Maria is on campus, looking to expose George, who has been trying to get rid of her, to Steve. At the same time, a campus sorority descends on Steve\'s room, hoping to initiate him, and Jean Allenwood , another co-ed, shows up with news that her parents and Dean Clinton are on their way over to inspect his room. As Steve desperately hides all the women in two closets and keeps Caroline from discovering Maria, George unexpectedly arrives. Although Steve succeeds in hiding George and himself and fooling Dean Clinton and the Allenwoods, Maria soon makes her presence known to Caroline, who once again leaves in a fury. Later, Steve promises to write songs for George\'s water ballet show on condition he make Caroline the star. George agrees, and after Maria is finally able to tell Caroline the truth, Caroline happily reunites with Steve, who then gives George a thrashing.'] ['April , a selfish alcoholic singer, is performing at a nightclub where she works. On the other side of town, Madea  and Joe  catch Jennifer , Manny , and Bryan  breaking into their house. After hearing the children’s troubles, Madea welcomes them and feeds them. Jennifer tells Madea that they’re living with their grandmother, who they have not seen in four days. They tell Madea that their only other relative is their aunt April. April shares her home with her shady boyfriend, Randy , who’s married with children. The next morning, Madea brings the kids to April\'s house, but April doesn’t want to be bothered. Meanwhile, Pastor Brian  sends a Colombian immigrant named Sandino  to her house for work and a place to stay. April puts Sandino in her basement and wants to lock him down there because she doesn\'t know him that well. While working around the house, Sandino surprises April by cleaning himself up and becoming very handsome. When Randy arrives, he sees April with the kids and Sandino and heckles him while making subtle advances at Jennifer. Shortly after, Pastor Brian and Wilma , a church member, comes to inform April that her mother died from a fatal brain aneurysm while riding on a bus, April is devastated by the news and seeks comfort from Randy, however he is sleeping and shrugs off April\'s attempt to seek comfort. Later, Sandino comforts April as she tells him about her mother\'s death and the last time she spoke with her. Depressed, Jennifer goes to Madea wanting to know how to pray. However, Madea, inexperienced with prayer, attempts to instruct in a scene that plays out comically. The same night, Wilma sings "The Need to Be", an uplifting song for women and Tanya , the nightclub bartender, sings "I Can Do Bad". Before singing the song, Tanya is fed up with April\'s attitude and tries to help her friend despite that she can\'t help April if she can’t help herself. Over time, Sandino and April become friends and Sandino fixes a ruined bedroom in her house making Manny and Bryon happy except Jennifer who feels April doesn\'t want them there. While on a date, Sandino tells April he doesn\'t understand why she is with Randy and asks if she loves Randy. He tells her what true love is to him. One Sunday morning, Sandino eagerly knocks on April\'s bedroom door to get April ready for church, but Randy threatens to kill Sandino if he continues to spend time with April. Late one night, Manny needs his insulin shot and Jennifer gets it for him in the kitchen. As Jennifer gets her brother\'s insulin, Randy comes up to her and attempts to rape her, but he is fought off by Sandino. April walks in on the fight and Randy claims that Jennifer offered sex with him for money. April claims to believe him and sends Randy to take a bath. When he is in the tub, April comes up and threatens to electrocute him with a plugged-in radio. Sandino arrives and tries to stop her, but April is enraged and drops the radio into the water causing Randy to receive a severe electric shock. Randy jumps out and is ordered to leave the apartment by Sandino. April goes to the bar for a drink and blames the incident on herself for not seeing the signs. Sandino tries to stop her from drinking, but she pushes him away. She then asks Sandino if he is a child molester because of all the attention he gives the children. Sandino tells April of his childhood as a child laborer and that he loves the children so much because he sees himself in them. Feeling hurt at her unfair accusations, Sandino says farewell to the children and leaves. Jennifer and April begin to get along and connect after April tells Jennifer about her bad experience as a child. Jennifer tells April that she should recognize Sandino as a good man. Eventually Sandino returns and April apologizes to him and admits that she "loves" him like a friend. Sandino tells her that she can\'t love anyone until she learns to love herself. He tells April that he is in love with her but he wants April to love him back the same way he loves her. He shows her by kissing her. As time passes, April and Sandino get married. April and Sandino then hold a block party for their reception with Tanya singing "Good Woman Down", dedicated to April, then you see the new couple embracing and kissing each other.'] ['Louisa May Foster , a romantic young woman who realizes she wants to marry for love, and not for money. However, she believes she\'s a victim of a supernatural curse, as she tends to marry poor men for love, then ends up a neglected wife and a rich widow as a result of her ill-fated husbands\' greed. To prove her point, all of her four husbands die off after achieving wealth. All four leave her immensely wealthy but intensely unhappy. In a dream-like pre-credit sequence, a pink coffin is carried down a pink staircase in a pink mansion with Louisa as a black-clad widow following behind. The pallbearers drop the coffin, which sleds down the stairs. Louisa tries desperately to give away more than $200 million dollars to the U.S. government Internal Revenue Service who believe it an April Fools\' Day joke. Louisa ends up as sobbing widow on the couch of an unstable psychiatrist . Louisa tries to explain herself and her motivation for giving away all that money which leads into the rest of the story, a primarily romantic flashback with occasional fantasies from Louisa\'s point of view including a Marnie type aversion to the colour pink. We meet Louisa as a young, idealistic girl. Her mother  is fixated on money; she is pushing for Louisa to marry Leonard Crawley , the richest man in town. Louisa loathes Lennie and instead takes up with Edgar Hopper , an old school friend who inadvertently woos her with his relaxed attitude, lack of ambition, and love of the simple life. Hopper is inspired by the writing of Henry David Thoreau, taking the writer\'s message of "simplify, simplify!" to heart. Louisa elects to marry Hopper, and they live in a shack, poor but happy  until Hopper abandons the simple life for an all-out assault to drive Crawley out of business in Crawleyville. Edgar makes a lot of money while pushing himself to his human limits. He achieves his goal of bankrupting Crawley, but pays the ultimate price of severe greed and falls dead from an apparent heart attack while chiding "Hard work never hurt anybody!" After Hopper\'s death, Louisa is a millionaire. She travels to Paris, where she meets Larry Flint . Avant-garde art dominates Flint\'s life, including a chimpanzee that paints. One of his projects is a "Sonic Palette", a machine that paints by sound, a "fusion of man and machine -- the only positive statement in art that is being made today!" Louisa falls in love with Flint\'s attitude of "Money corrupts. Art erupts!" and marries him. She enters into his bohemian lifestyle while renouncing her secret millions. An erotic foreign-film spoof shows the sheet-clad pair making love in progressively smaller bathtubs and on a bed. Flint\'s minimalist abstracts are just good enough to keep them fed. Louisa idly suggests having the machine paint to Felix Mendelssohn\'s Spring Song -- thus leading to the creation of a masterpiece. Flint becomes famous by having the machine "paint" more music, and thus increasingly obsessed with all the money coming into his life. He builds more Sonic Palettes to paint a giant work of art, but the machines wind up turning on their creator by first staking and beating him to death before they self-destruct, which ends up killing him. Louisa is richer but more depressed. After missing a flight back to the States, she meets an already wealthy magnate named Rod Anderson , who offers her a lift on his jet, Melissa. After discovering the softer, kinder man under the business-magnate veneer he projects, she convinces herself that it might be easier to love a rich man since she can\'t make him any richer and inadvertently cause his death. To paraphrase Louisa\'s narrative, it is "like one of those lush budget films where it\'s all about what she\'s going to wear next." This fantasy segment is full of Edith Head\'s over-the-top costumes and ends with Mitchum and MacLaine making love in a huge champagne glass. Despite his happy retreat into marriage, Rod discovers he\'s actually gotten richer while neglecting his industry. Just as he vows to find out who is responsible for making his company successful WITHOUT him, Louisa discovers Melissa was a prize cow he raised in his youth. Louisa convinces Rod to sell everything and retire to the type of small farm he lived on during his childhood. The good news is that Rod never neglects her. However, a slightly-tipsy Rod makes a fateful mistake by trying to milk his bull, Melrose. The unhappy steer kicks Rod through the barn wall, presumably breaking his neck, and leaves Louisa a widow yet again, and now fantastically wealthy. Louisa wanders the States alone. In a cafe called the Cauliflower Ear in a podunk town, she meets Pinky Benson , a customer who charms her with silly dances and rhymes in the manner of Pinky Lee. She learns he\'s been a performer at the Cauliflower Ear for 14 years. Pinky invites her to come see him perform. She sees that his clown act is tolerated because he doesn\'t distract from the serving of food or liquor. Louisa is charmed by Pinky\'s satisfaction with his simple lot in life, seeing it as mirroring her own desires. She marries him. One night, she suggests that Pinky perform without his clown makeup, and suddenly the customers notice his talent. In short order, Pinky becomes a Hollywood movie star. Once again Louisa is neglected by a husband obsessed with fame. An all-pink mansion is among Pinky\'s obsessions, as is Louisa\'s appearance at a movie screening in an all-pink chinchilla coat and a pink wig. Pinky\'s adoring public stampede him at the premiere, trampling him to death into an early grave . Louisa has told the psychiatrist her sad tale. He turns and begs her to marry him, just as a familiar-looking janitor comes into the office. In an attempt to lower the psychiatrist\'s chair that Robert Cummings\' character is stuck in, she winds up letting him drop from ceiling-height, knocking him out cold, reviving him by throwing a bucket of water on him. She then turns and makes the happy discovery that the janitor is Leonard Crawley, who has lost everything and is now leading a poor, simple life that she can share. As the doctor comes to, he sees Louisa and Leonard kissing passionately, which causes him to pass out again. In the end, several years later, we see a happy and no-longer-curse-weary Louisa with several children in a quaint house, while Leonard sits in his running tractor reading Thoreau. The tractor slowly grinds itself into the ground and strikes oil. Thinking her "curse" has finally resurfaced, a devastated Louisa runs to her husband just as a man in coveralls runs up and starts berating Leonard for hitting an underground oil pipe with his tractor. Relieved, Louisa hugs and kisses Leonard as both are showered by the erupting oil.'] ['Elliot Richards  is a geeky, over-zealous man working a dead-end technical support job in a San Francisco computer company. He has no friends and his co-workers use him, knowing he will do anything for acceptance. He has a crush on his colleague, Alison Gardner , but lacks the courage to ask her out. After Elliot is again ditched by his co-workers, at a bar while trying to talk to Alison, he says to himself that he would give anything for Alison to be with him. Satan , in the form of a beautiful woman, overhears him and offers to give Elliot seven wishes in return for his soul. As a test, he wishes for a Big Mac and Coke. Satan takes him to McDonald\'s and places the order. Elliot has to pay for it, because, "there ain\'t no such thing as a free lunch." After taking Elliot to her office, based at a nightclub in Oakland, Satan convinces Elliot to sign her contract, and delivers further wishes. Each wish has Elliot living them out with Alison and his co-workers in surrogate roles. However, he doesn\'t know that Satan will always spoil his wishes by adding something he doesn\'t want. Elliot wishes to be rich and powerful, with Alison as his wife. Satan makes him a Colombian drug lord whose wife despises him and cheats on him with Raul, his co-worker, who is secretly planning to get rid of Elliot and take his position and property. Soon after there is a firefight between his and Raul\'s people where Elliot "dies". When he returns to the real world, Satan points out that he never wished for Alison to love him. Secondly, Elliot wishes to be emotionally sensitive so he will understand the needs and desires of women. Satan makes him so sensitive that he spends most of his time crying over how beautiful the world is, and constantly asks Alison, his girlfriend of "three magical weeks," whether he has hurt her or if she needs anything. Alison says she has had enough of it and wants to be with a man who is strong and shallow. She then leaves Elliot for a man who is strong, rude and completely different from the romantic and emotionally sensitive Elliot. Elliot then wishes to be a superstar athlete who would be a woman magnet. Satan makes him a cliché-spewing NBA star, but also gives him a small penis and a low IQ, which causes Alison, a sports reporter, to lose interest in him shortly after they meet. He then wishes to be intelligent, witty and well-endowed. Satan grants this by making him a famous writer whom Alison falls in love with at a cocktail party. When they arrive at Elliot\'s home to make love it is revealed that Elliot is gay and living with a flamboyant male partner. Lastly, Elliot wishes to be President of the United States to try to improve the world and get Alison to take him seriously. Satan makes him Abraham Lincoln at Ford\'s Theatre on the night of his assassination which he nearly avoids. After each wish is renounced, Elliot meets with Satan and she blames him for not being specific enough. Eventually he returns to work, thinking about what he should do with the last two wishes. Satan appears on the computer screen, pointing out that on their first meeting he asked for a Big Mac and Coke, although she had stated that it was a test wish and granted it before Elliot signed the contract. Elliot loses his patience and storms out of his office. Elliot visits a church looking for God\'s help, where he briefly confesses to a priest who seems sympathetic. However, after being asked whether he thinks asking Satan for a Big Mac and Coke counts as a wish, the priest, believing he is drunk, has Elliot arrested. The sergeant books him, and Satan, dressed as a police officer, throws him in a cell, telling him that she does like him, and it would not hurt to have her as a friend. Elliot\'s cellmate  tells him that he cannot possibly sell his soul as it belongs to God, and although Satan may try to confuse him, in the end he will realise who he truly is, and what his purpose is. Elliot questions the man as to his identity, but the response is simply "a really good friend". Elliot asks Satan to cancel their contract. When Satan refuses, Elliot states he will not use his final wish. Satan teleports them to Hell, where she transforms first into a black horned monster, then into a giant. When Satan pushes him to make a final wish, Elliot wishes that Alison could have a happy life - with or without him. Satan sighs and Elliot falls into the depths of Hell. Elliot wakes up on a marble staircase, wondering if it is Heaven. Satan tells him that it is a courthouse and that a selfless wish voids the contract, so he keeps his soul. Elliot admits that despite her manipulation of him he has come to like Satan and regards her as a friend, something she does not object to. She replies that Heaven and Hell can be found on Earth; it is up to humans to choose. Elliot asks Alison out, only to learn that she is already dating somebody. He continues with his life, but with a better understanding of who he is. Later Elliot is confronted by Bob, one of his co-workers, who starts ridiculing Elliot at the encouragement of his co-workers. Elliot loses his temper and grabs a terrified Bob by the shirt, but lets go, simply saying, "Nice talking to you." A threatening look sends his other co-workers scurrying away in fear. At home, he meets a new neighbor, Nicole Delarusso , whose looks resemble Alison\'s and has personality, interests and dressing styles similar to his. He offers to help her unpack and they presumably begin a relationship. While the two walk along a boulevard, Satan and Elliot\'s cellmate, both dressed in white, are seen playing chess, looking at Elliot and his new girlfriend revealing the cellmate is God. The scene ends by listing foibles of Nicole\'s and Elliot\'s, which they both tolerate.'] ["After Ben wins $36 million in the lottery, Lucy marries him, strictly for the cash. Just as she's beginning to have genuine feelings for him, however, Lucy discovers that he's a serial killer whose victims all resemble her. Still, though, there's no way she's walking away from those lottery checks, even if it means losing her mind and re-burying all the bodies."] ['A JNA military border post on the Yugoslav-Albanian border in the late 1980s is thrown into disarray when its commander discovers he has syphilis, creating chaos in his bid to avoid his wife and admitting his infidelity. The ordinary soldiers serving their compulsory military service there must cope with problems of their own.'] ["Set in 1930, the film opens in New York City, where femme fatale Mrs. Erlynne finds that she is no longer welcomed by either the high-ranking men she has seduced or the society wives she has betrayed. Selling her jewelry, she buys passage on a liner bound for Amalfi, Italy, where she apparently sets her sights on newlywed Robert Windemere. When his car frequently is seen parked outside her villa, local gossips become convinced the two are having an affair. Robert's demure wife Meg remains oblivious to the stories about the two circulating throughout the town, but when she discovers her husband's check register with numerous stubs indicating payments to Erlynne, she suspects the worst. What she doesn't know is that Erlynne actually is her mother, who has been extorting payments from Robert in return for keeping her secret. She is consoled with the advice:'plain women resort to crying; pretty women go shopping'. In retaliation for what she believes is her husband's transgression, Meg wears a revealing gown to her twenty-first birthday celebration, attended by Erlynne - wearing the same dress - in the company of Lord Augustus, a wealthy, twice-divorced man who has proposed marriage to Erlynne. Complications ensue when Lord Darlington professes his love for Meg and implores her to leave her supposedly wayward husband, an invitation she accepts. Erlynne, having found Meg's farewell note to Robert, intercepts her on Darlington's yacht, where the two are trapped when Augustus, Darlington, Robert, and friends arrive for a night of drinking. Robert is startled to see the fan he gave Meg for her birthday on board; while Meg makes a hasty escape, Erlynne reveals herself and claims she had taken it from the party in error; and Augustus, thinking his fiancée was planning a romantic rendezvous with Darlington, ends their engagement. Robert pays Erlynne to leave Amalfi immediately and begs her not to reveal her identity to Meg. Reluctantly, she complies with his wishes, although she returns his check before she departs. On board the plane waiting to take her to a new life, she discovers Augustus, who presents her with the fan Meg gave him when she confessed to him all that had really happened. Erlynne accepts his renewed proposal of marriage and the two depart for places unknown."] [' Resourceful Schatze Page , spunky Loco Dempsey , and ditzy Pola Debevoise  rent a luxurious Sutton Place penthouse from Freddie Denmark , who is avoiding the IRS by living in Europe. The women plan to use it to attract and marry millionaires. When money is tight, Schatze pawns some of Freddie\'s furniture, without his knowledge of course; as winter approaches, the furnishings gradually vanish. One day, Loco carries in some groceries, assisted by Tom Brookman ([[Cameron Mitchell . Tom is very interested in Schatze, but she knows from prior marital experience what he is — a "gas pump jockey" — and tries repeatedly to brush him off, without success. She has her sights on bigger game: the charming, classy widower J.D. Hanley  whose worth is irreproachably large. All the while she\'s stalking the older J.D., Tom keeps after her. After every one of their dates, she tells him she never wants to see him again. She refuses to marry a poor man again. Meanwhile, Loco  becomes acquainted with a grumpy businessman . He is married, but she agrees to go with him to his "lodge" in Maine, mistakenly thinking she\'s going to meet a bunch of Elks Club members. When she learns the truth, she wants nothing to do with his plans. Unfortunately, she comes down with the measles and has to stay in the lodge until cured. She is nursed back to health with the help of a strapping young man named Eben , who she thinks owns most of the surrounding land. She has no trouble transferring her affections to the handsome outdoorsman and they become engaged. When she finds out that he\'s just a forest ranger, guarding against fires on "his" land, she is very disappointed, but she loves him and is willing to overlook his financial shortcomings.  The third member of the group, Pola , is extremely nearsighted, but hates to wear her glasses where any man might see her. As she puts it, "Men aren\'t attentive to girls who wear glasses."  She falls for a phony Arab oil tycoon, not knowing he\'s really a crooked speculator. Luckily, when she takes a plane to meet him, she misreads an airport sign and ends up on the wrong plane. She sits next to a man, also wearing glasses, who thinks she\'s "quite a strudel" and encourages her to put hers on. It turns out that he is the mysterious Freddie Denmark; he is on his way to Kansas City to find the crooked accountant who got him into trouble with the IRS. He doesn\'t have much luck when he tracks the man down , but has much more success with Pola.  Loco, and Pola are reunited with Schatze just before her wedding. She finally managed to overcome J.D.\'s qualms about their age difference. Tom shows up and is recognized by the groom. It turns out that Tom is by far the richer of the two men. J.D. has an inkling how things are going to turn out, so he is not too surprised when Schatze finds herself unable to go through with the wedding because she doesn\'t love him. J.D. leaves graciously and Schatze, against her better judgement, ends up marrying Tom. Afterwards, the three happy couples end up at a greasy spoon, dining on hamburgers. Tom breaks the news to Schatze that he is extremely wealthy, naming all the things he owns, but she thinks he\'s kidding. He then pays the bill, pulling out an enormous wad of money. The three women faint dead away. The men then drink a toast to their unconscious wives. The premier of the movie was held at the Saban Theatre, the former Fox Wilshire Theatre, in Beverly Hills, California, on November 4, 1953, with the attendance of Humphrey Bogart, Cecil B. DeMille, Robert Mitchum, Lucille Ball, Rock Hudson, Debbie Reynolds, Shelley Winters, Mitzi Gaynor, Jeffrey Hunter, Michael Rennie, among other celebrities.'] ['While eating skewered tempura at a street vendor, young reporter Choi Soo-jin accidentally sticks the skewer into the side of a detective, Kang Jae-hyuk, who was chasing a suspected criminal. After this encounter, Soo-jin is told to work on a story about a detective, and the detective turns out to be Jae-hyuk. Soo-jin joins his crackdown on drug dealers, and the two start to fall in love.'] ["Marc has inherited the house of his late aunt on the Côte d'Azur and takes the family there on for their summer holiday, leaving their home in Paris. Charly, who has never had a girlfriend, is thought to be gay by his parents and Martin, who is gay, is also staying with them. Béatrix's lover Mathieu arrives in the village and manages to sneak opportunities to be with her. When Martin goes out one night to the local gay cruising area - an old fort on a nearby hillside - Charly follows him and meets Didier. After realising he isn't gay he calls Didier for help when the hot water stops working. Didier then meets Marc and they realise how much they missed each other from when Marc used to visit the area in his youth. Throughout everyone eats lots of fruits de mer, especially Sea Violets. At the end everyone sings a song called 'Fruits de Mer', each with their preferred partner."] ["For the past ten years, Baltimore industrialist Wendell Armbruster has been spending the month of August at the Grand Hotel Excelsior in Ischia, allegedly to soak in the therapeutic mud baths for which the resort island is known. When he is killed in an automobile accident, his straitlaced son Wendell, Jr. journeys to Italy to claim his father's body. Upon arrival he discovers his father was not alone in the Fiat he was driving; with him was his British mistress, whose daughter, free-spirited London shop girl Pamela Piggott, also is on the scene, though she clearly knew of their parents' clandestine romance beforehand. Complications arise when the Trotta family, whose vineyard was damaged when the elder Armbruster's car drove into it, steal the bodies from the morgue and hold them for a two million lire ransom. Trying to assist is United States Ambassador J.J. Blodgett, who hopes to appoint the deceased man to an embassy post posthumously so the government can get involved in the recovery of his body. As their problems with local customs and bureaucratic red tape escalate, Wendell and Pamela find themselves falling in love with the assistance of manager Carlo Carlucci, valet Bruno, and the rest of the hotel staff, who are determined the couple will follow in the romantic path of their parents."] ["Two lonely Londoners - Neaera Duncan, a children's author , and William Snow, a bookstore assistant  - find common ground when visiting the sea turtles at London Zoo; independently of each other, both perceive that the turtles are unnaturally confined, and they hatch a plan with the assistance of zookeeper George Fairbairn  to smuggle them out and release them into the sea, which they ultimately succeed in accomplishing. Their release of the turtles represents metaphorically their release of themselves from their own inhibitions.<ref namehttp://www.amazon.com/dp/B000E19QOG|titleWeb|publisher2009-04-06|quote=Critically hailed as a mini-masterpiece, TURTLE DIARY is the enchanting film of people rediscovering the joys of life and love. … Outside of their chance meetings at the aquarium, they have little in common, but an inspiration to free the captive turtles starts a bond that gives their lives a new outlook. The 'turtlenappers' are about to set their own spirits free.}}"] ["After her client Albert Osborne  makes a pass at her, Susan Applegate  quits her job as a scalp massager for the Revigorous System and decides to leave New York City and return home to Stevenson, Iowa. Upon arriving at the train station, she discovers she has only enough money to cover a child's fare, so she disguises herself as a twelve-year-old girl named Su-Su. When a suspicious conductor catches her smoking, Su-Su takes refuge in the compartment of Major Philip Kirby  who, believing she is a frightened child, agrees to let her stay with him until they reach his stop. When the train is detained by flooding on the tracks, Philip's fiancée Pamela Hill  and her father, his commanding officer at the military academy where he teaches, drive to meet him. Pamela boards the train and finds Su-Su sleeping in the lower berth in his compartment. Imagining the worst, she accuses Philip of being unfaithful and reports his alleged infidelity to her father. Indignant, and still feeling protective of Su-Su, Philip insists on bringing her to the school where her parents can retrieve her. The Hills, meeting Su-Su in person and now believing that she is only 12 years old, agree to let her stay with them. Pamela's teenaged sister Lucy  immediately sees through Susan's disguise. She promises to keep her secret if Susan will help her sabotage Pamela's efforts to keep Philip at the academy instead of allowing him to fulfill his wish to be assigned to active duty. Pretending to be Pamela, Susan calls one of Pamela's Washington, D.C. connections and arranges to have Philip's status changed. Susan becomes popular with the young students, especially cadet Clifford Osborne, unaware he is the son of the client who prompted her to quit her job. When the elder Osborne visits the school, he recognizes Susan and reveals her identity to Pamela, who threatens to expose her and Philip and create a public scandal unless Susan leaves immediately. Susan returns home, but continues to fantasize about Philip, much to the dismay of her fiancé Will Duffy . When Philip stops to visit her on his way to California to report for active duty, she pretends to be her own mother and Philip leaves without learning the truth. After discovering Pamela has married someone else, Susan rushes to the train station and confesses her deception, and she and Philip decide to marry in Nevada while en route to his army base."] ["The story involves an unusual love triangle: a straight gigolo , his lesbian best friend , and her former lover, an attractive bisexual woman . Lynch is desperate to win Fenn back and Baldwin volunteers to break Fenn's heart to convince her that heterosexual relationships are inferior to lesbian ones. The hope is that the disaster will cause her to return to Lynch. Neither counts on Baldwin having feelings for Fenn nor expects her to discover the trick."] ["Judith Moore had what she thought was a perfect marriage, both she and her husband studying to be doctors. But after she puts her studies on hold to find a job and support them, her husband promptly leaves Judith to be with another doctor. Depressed, she holes up in her apartment, where the middle-aged Pat Francato serves as a building superintendent and elevator operator. He is as lonely as she is, beset with gambling problems, and for a moment Judith and Pat make a connection. Unfortunately, what he wishes to pursue as a romantic relationship, Judith sees only as a friendship. Her friend Liz Bailey, who sings at a nightclub, makes attempts to improve Judith's love life as well as her own. By the time Judith's loneliness becomes overwhelming and she misses what she had with Pat, a sweet person and good listener, it is too late -- he has found someone else."] ["The Lennox family of Long Island, headed by Bronson  and Carrie , is wealthy and respectful of tradition, but their children Bertie  and Marion  are more irreverent. When Bertie gets involved with a chorus girl, Alice O'Neil , and Marion falls in love with Henry Morgan , an auto mechanic, the family tries to intervene to prevent their children from marrying beneath themselves.<ref name74598&category=Full%20Synopsis Full synopsis]"] ['Due to an administrative error two male college students, the shy and intellectual Eddy  and the All-American jock Stuart , end up with a female roommate. The university thought that Alex  was a man  and thus the three students are forced to live with each other until the university can move Alex to a female residence hall. Alex falls in love and tries unsuccessfully to seduce Eddy; Stuart is in love with Alex, and Eddy falls in love with Stuart. The trio become good friends and scare off anyone who tries to seduce the other. Eventually, Alex, Stuart and Eddy agree to have an actual threesome that seems to destroy the friendship, and raises the possibility that Alex might have become pregnant. After the threesome, they start to drift apart. Three weeks later the semester ends and Alex moves to an apartment. The next year Eddy gets a single dorm with no roommates and the three continue to drift apart. Eddy  eventually finds a boyfriend, Stuart finds happiness in a monogamous relationship with a woman, and Alex remains single. While they drifted apart, only to see each other for lunch occasionally, they do not seem to regret the friendship they had while in college.'] ['Turning 30 is the story of the protagonist of the movie Naina  who is about to celebrate her big three oh and life is a perfect picture with a good job and the perfect guy. However, things turn into a nightmare when her boyfriend breaks up with her to marry a girl who can finance his fathers failing business. She has some setbacks at work when the credit for all her ideas and hardwork goes to undeserving people. With few days left for her birthday she is in a mess - constantly trying to win the guy back. The movie also tells the stories of her two best friends Malini and Ruksana who stand by her and support her though they are going through some rough patches in their lives.'] ['Davy Mitchell is an introverted writer struggling on tour to promote his unpublished short stories. His lonely nights heat up when Davy receives a seemingly random phone call from a woman named Nicole. The sultry stranger seduces him into an intense session of phone sex, sparking an erotic and intimate relationship that is based entirely around the phone calls that she initiates. Davy wants to make it work, but he becomes frustrated when she refuses to give out her number. Fed up with her games, he determines to meet Nicole in person. That is, if she ever calls again…'] ['Nora Shelley is a tax expert for the accounting company which is led by Paul Martin. She may find suitable husband with several bankroll by making a preliminary inspection of profit. Martin tries to tie her for the duty so enlists help of Steve Adams to imitate an eligible man, and woo to the lady.'] ['Qin Fen  is a man in his late 40s who returns to China after many years overseas. He becomes a multimillionaire after selling an "innovative invention" to a high-profile  angel investor . With his new fortune, Qin decides to put an end to his bachelor life and advertises open invitations to potential partners online, citing only "if you are the one", which actually means "don\'t disturb if not sincere". Subsequently, he encounters various candidates from a homosexual former friend, a cemetery saleswoman with a thick south-Chinese accent, a pathological amnesiac, an ethnic minority pecking hen, an erotophobic widow, an expecting single mother, to a stock-holding trader. Eventually, he crosses path with air stewardess Liang Xiaoxiao . While helping Liang get over her agonizing love affair with a married man , Qin strikes up an unexpected friendship with Liang, which eventually blossoms into love during a trip to Hokkaido.'] ["Veronica Fisher  enters Oberkugen's music shop, looking for work. Although Otto Oberkugen  is reluctant to take on more staff, she wins a job by persuading a wealthy matron, through her singing and musical expertise, to buy a harp at almost $25 over Oberkugen's list price. Neither she nor Andrew Larkin , the shop's senior salesman, suspects that they are each other's anonymous pen pal. They bicker constantly at work although becoming increasingly attracted to each other."] ["Helen Bauer, a glamorous, successful, headstrong, and very liberated New York graphic artist with modern ideas about romance, is involved with Don Peterson but doesn't want to sacrifice her independence by entering into matrimony. The two agree to wed only to pacify Helen's conventional immigrant father Adolphe, whose Old World views spur him to condemn their affair. They form a business partnership, but financial problems at their advertising agency put a strain on the marriage and Don begins seeing Peggy Smith, one of his married clients. Convinced it was marriage that disrupted their relationship, Helen suggests they live apart but remain lovers. When Don discovers Helen is dating his business rival, playboy Nick Malvyn, he returns to Peggy, but in reality his heart belongs to his wife. Agreeing their love will help their marriage survive its problems, the two reconcile and settle into domestic bliss. The plot is unusual for its time in that Helen is not denigrated for her beliefs about marriage and Don is not depicted as being a cad."] ["Captain Vinka Kovelenko lands a Russian jet in West German territory, to the surprise of U.S. armed forces who take her prisoner. She is neither on a mission nor defecting, however, just upset about a personal matter back home. A high-ranking American officer named Tarbell cancels the furlough of Captain Chuck Lockwood, who is eager to leave for London and visit his wealthy fiancée Connie. The colonel wants Chuck to sell the Soviet aviatrix on everything that's good about America and permanently come over to their side. He even dangles a $100,000 bonus if she does. Vinka is pursued by her former lover, Ivan, an engineer. She shows no interest in Chuck and is just as determined to sell him on Russian virtues as he is on influencing her. He describes her as cold and unappealing, but when Connie makes a surprise visit, Vinka strolls into Chuck's room wearing little else but a pajama top and her military medals. Connie is getting increasingly angry with Chuck, more so when she finds out that he is not as well-off financially as he has pretended to be. Vinka begins to dress more and more in an enticing manner. One night at a Russian restaurant, comrades come to kidnap her. A sleeping potion meant for Chuck ends up in Tarbell's drink instead. Connie is mistaken for Vinka in a cloak room and taken captive. In time, the Russians misunderstand Vinka's intentions and charge her with treason. Chuck leads a daring escape in the air and they end up falling in love. Money does not matter as much to Vinka as it did to Connie, but, just the same, she takes the $100,000."] ['Two witches in colonial Salem, Jennifer  and her father Daniel , are burned at the stake after being denounced by Puritan Jonathan Wooley  and their ashes buried beneath a tree to imprison their evil spirits. In revenge, Jennifer curses Wooley and all his male descendants, dooming them to always marry the wrong woman. Centuries pass. Generation after generation, Wooley men - all played by March - marry cruel, shrewish women. Finally, in 1942, lightning splits the tree, freeing the spirits of Jennifer and Daniel. They discover Wallace Wooley , living nearby and running for governor, on the eve of marrying the ambitious and spoiled Estelle Masterson , whose father  just happens to be Wooley\'s chief political backer. Initially, Jennifer and Daniel manifest themselves as white vertical smoky \'trails\', occasionally hiding in empty  bottles of alcohol. Jennifer persuades her father to create a human body for her so she can torment the latest Wooley. He needs a fire to perform the spell, so he burns down a building . This serves dual purposes, as Jennifer uses it to get the passing Wallace to rescue her from the flames. Jennifer tries hard to seduce Wallace without magic, but though he is strongly attracted to her, he refuses to put off his marriage. She concocts a love potion, but her scheme goes awry when a painting falls on her; Wallace revives her by giving her the drink she had intended for him. Jennifer\'s father conjures himself a body. Then he and Jennifer crash the wedding, though they are at cross purposes. Daniel hates all Wooleys and tries to prevent his daughter from helping one of them. His attempts at interference land him in jail, too drunk to remember the spell to turn Wallace into a frog. Meanwhile, Estelle finds the couple embracing and the wedding is called off. Her outraged father promises to denounce the candidate in all his newspapers. Wallace finally admits that he loves Jennifer, and they elope. Jennifer then works overtime with her witchcraft to rescue her new husband\'s political career. She conjures up little clouds of brainwashing white smoke that "convince" every voter to support Wallace, and he is elected in a landslide, where even his opponent doesn\'t vote for himself. The unanimous vote for him convinces Wallace that she is a witch. In disgust, Daniel strips his daughter of her magical powers, and vows to return her to the tree that imprisoned them. In a panic, Jennifer interrupts Wallace\'s victory speech, imploring him to help her escape. Unfortunately, the taxi they get into to get away is driven by her father, who takes them in an airborne ride back to the tree. At the stroke of midnight, Wallace is left with Jennifer\'s lifeless body, while two plumes of smoke watch. Before they return to the tree, Jennifer asks to watch Wallace\'s torment. While Daniel gloats, Jennifer reclaims her body, explaining to Wallace, "Love is stronger than witchcraft." She alertly puts the top back on the bottle of liquor her father is hiding in, keeping him drunk and powerless. The movie concludes years later, after Wallace and Jennifer have children, where the housekeeper enters to complain about their youngest daughter, who enters riding a broom.'] ["Rosie Perreira  is an overly anxious widow, living with her violin-obsessed son, Sabhi  and a lovely daughter, Nancy  who she would like to get married to a wealthy young man. Her brother and neighbour, Tom  introduces a young eligible Tony Braganza  to Nancy in the 9:10 AM Western Railway local train from Bandra to Churchgate. Tom also asks Nancy to introduce Tony to Rosie, which she does. Rosie is initially apprehensive about him as he only drawing a mere Rs.300/ compared to Nancy's Rs.700/-, but soon changes her mind when she finds out that after his probationary period he will draw a monthly pay of Rs.1000/-. Nancy and Tony are permitted to meet and both eventually fall in love. While Nancy has a past where she was betrayed by a boy whom she loved,she still likes Tony. Tony is hesitant, and this is what costs him Nancy's love, as Rosie feels that he will not come through with the marriage. And soon Rosie starts looking elsewhere for a son-in-law.Nancy does not like this but she at first accepts to whatever her mom wants.Nancy and Tony have a fight and stop meeting each other in the train as well.When Tom comes to know about this he speaks to Tony's dad.Tony's dad tells tony that if he is still reluctant to make any commitments, he should tell Nancy about the same.So Nancy and Tony meet each other and Nancy tells him that she will never meet him again.It is then when Tony feels that he actually loves Nancy and cannot live without her.Then Nancy also confesses her love for him and they get married happily."] ['The film concerns the relationships between men, women, brothers, mothers, fathers and friends. The central idea of the film is that one brother discovers on eBay a replica of a lounge chair that was used by his father long ago. The resulting road trip to pick up and deliver the chair as a birthday present for the father takes interesting twists as it goes on.'] ["Ryan Dunne is a local baseball prospect who gets an opportunity to play in the Cape Cod Baseball League for the Chatham Athletics. Dunne was born and raised in Chatham, Massachusetts and dreams of playing in the major leagues. He helps his dad with his landscaping business and takes care of Veteran's Field, where the Chatham A's play. Ryan falls in love with Tenley Parrish, whose family vacations on the Cape on Shore Road in Chatham. Ryan is distracted by Tenley and feels a lot of pressure from scouts, family, the Parish family, and friends. Then-Philadelphia Phillies' players Mike Lieberthal, Doug Glanville, and Pat Burrell, along with outfielder Ken Griffey, Jr., make appearances at the end of the film. Other notable cameos in the movie include Kevin Youkilis, Curt Gowdy, Hank Aaron & Carlton Fisk."] ['The film, as its name implies, centers on Gurneal "Neal" Ahluwalia  and Nikkita "Nikki" Bakshi , two Canadians of Punjabi descent, born and raised in British Columbia. But Neal and Nikki are different in many ways. Before getting married Neal wants to spend 21 days on vacation with 21 women. On his way, he meets Nikki in a club, where Neal is with his date Kristi. Unfortunately Nikki gets drunk and starts dancing. Neal leaves his date and takes Nikki to a hotel where he watches T.V. while Nikki falls asleep. The next morning, Nikki thinks that Neal raped her when he didn\'t. She uses this to blackmail him all the time. Nikki also interrupts his romantic meetings with other women from time to time, including one time when Nikki interrupts Neal while he is having sex with another woman. When Neal tells Nikki the truth why he is in Canada the woman gets mad and dumps Neal. Nikki then takes Neal to a resort town Whistler promising that she will make him meet other girls there. In reality, her ex-boyfriend Trish is there with his current girlfriend Amanda, and she wants to make him jealous. When Neal comes to know this, initially he doesn\'t agree but finally agrees to it. They are successful in making Trish jealous, who tells Nikki that he wants her back but she dumps him. They later spend a night together at a camp site but are unable to express their love to each other. Neal then returns since by then it is time for his wedding. Later he finds out that the girl to whom he is to be engaged Sweety , is Nikki\'s cousin. At the engagement ceremony just when Nikki is approaching to stop the engagement, it is revealed that Nikki\'s cousin had exchanged vows on the internet with her true love Happy Singh . Sweety proceeds to run away with Happy, while Neal proposes to Nikki to marry him.'] ['Sadie Jones  has always longed to marry the man of her dreams in her family church. Though she has found her lifetime companion in Ben Murphy , Sadie is distressed to learn that St. Augustine\'s has only one wedding slot available over the next two years, though after re-checking their planning book, they find that the wedding can be held in three weeks. While Sadie and Ben do qualify for the slot, the church\'s eccentric minister, Reverend Frank , will not wed the couple until they agree to attend his prenuptial course . As their wedding date draws near, Sadie and Ben must now follow all of Reverend Frank\'s rules, attend his unusual classes, and complete a series of homework assignments designed specifically to irritate one another — in order to get past puppy love and ensure that their union will have a sound foundation. In one part of the course, the couple has to care for twin "creepy robot" babies. They get on Ben\'s last nerve and he destroys one, to the horror of bystanders in a department store. To Ben\'s dismay, one of Frank\'s rules is no pre-marital sex. On behalf of Frank, his young assistant  breaks into the couple\'s house and bugs it. Thus, Frank and his assistant can listen to all conversations, though Frank doesn\'t let his assistant listen to the adult parts. Ben discovers the microphone/transmitter but does not tell Sadie, for fear she will accuse him of lying and planting the bug himself. Problems gradually begin to develop between the couple due to the course. Ben begins an investigation into Frank, and eventually discovers that he was once married to a Maria Gonzalez. Shortly before the wedding, Sadie becomes reluctant to have the wedding, among other things because Ben has not prepared marriage vows as Frank instructed them to do, but instead drew a flip cartoon of a truck. Ben then confronts Frank over Maria Gonzalez, believing him to be a hypocrite. Frank reveals that the marriage was done to allow Maria, then an immigrant, and a member of Frank\'s congregation, to stay in the USA. Upset that Ben would waste his time on a "stupid investigation", calls off the wedding. On Frank\'s advice, Sadie goes on vacation to Jamaica, their slated honeymoon destination. Ben seeks advice from his friend Joel, who advises him to give up on Sadie, saying that there are other women like her out there. Ben however disagrees with this, and decides to go to Jamaica. Frank and his assistant travel there too. He attempts to call Sadie, but she refuses to listen. Her parents assure her that all marriages have problems, and her friend Carlisle tells her that Ben may just want someone who relies on him, allowing her to forgive Ben more easily. Ben writes his vows on the sands of the beach to impress Sadie and they reconcile, and Frank marries them there.'] ['Shante Smith  is a woman who gives advice on how to keep a man in check. Her ideals are challenged when her man, an attorney, named Keith Fenton , threatens to stray. Smith is a well educated woman who feels that when it comes to men and their tricks, she knows them all. On the other end, Shante’s boyfriend Keith is being led by his friend Tony , who thinks he knows all the tricks that women play. When Shanté\'s boyfriend, Keith, is caught red-handed stepping out with a co-worker, Shanté institutes her "Ten Day Plan" to get her man in line.2001,Plot Summary for Two Can Play That Game. The Internet Movie Database,August 18, 2010,http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0269341/plotsummary The battle soon begins.Though at the conclusion of the movie Shante and Keith get back together, it is insinuated in the sequel Three Can Play That Game that they are separated.'] ["Rusty , a chorus girl working at a nightclub run by her boyfriend Danny McGuire , is given a chance for stardom by the wealthy magazine editor John Coudair , who years earlier had been in love with her grandmother, Maribelle Hicks. Offered an opportunity to be a highly-paid cover girl, Rusty would faithfully remain with her nightclub act if only Danny would ask her. He doesn't want to stand in her way, so he picks an argument to send her packing. Rusty becomes a star on Broadway after appearing in a musical produced by Coudair's wealthy friend, Noel Wheaton , and decides to get married to Wheaton. At the last second she leaves the wedding and reunites with Danny.New York Times review summary"] ["Although a successful business-owner of a golf-course, Kevin hasn't been on a date in eight years much to the dismay of his mother , who is desperate for grandchildren. Unbeknownst to her, Kevin suffers from PE - premature ejaculation, which is the reason for his divorce and lack of love. When he is set up with Hayaam, the over-educated shoe sales clerk, it seems like a match made in heaven, until Kevin's sexual problem stands in the way. With medical help, and patience from Hayaam, it looks like things could work out until Kevin discovers Hayaam can't bear children. Finally Kevin must decide if his own needs are more important than his family's if he's going to truly find love."] ['Harry Sanborn  is a wealthy New York music mogul who has had a 40-year habit of dating women under 30, including his latest conquest, Marin Klein . The two drive to her mother\'s Hamptons beach house expecting to be alone, but are surprised by Marin\'s mother, successful playwright Erica Barry , who is there with her sister Zoe . After an awkward dinner, the night turns disastrous when — during foreplay with Marin — Harry has a heart attack and is rushed to a hospital. The doctor, Julian Mercer , tells Harry to stay nearby for a few days, so Harry ends up staying with Erica. Their personalities clash and make for awkward living arrangements =until they get to know each other. The fact that Harry is dating her daughter and that Julian has fallen for Erica leave the two struggling to deal with relationships. Marin and Harry agree to break up. He and Erica spend more time together and eventually consummate their relationship. Harry discovers that his improving health means that he no longer has to stay with Erica, so he heads home. Marin receives news that her father, Erica\'s ex-husband, whom Erica still allows to direct her plays, is getting remarried. Although Erica is unaffected by the news, Marin is devastated and pressures her mother into accompanying her to a family dinner. Erica is the life of the party until she sees Harry at another table with another woman. In the argument that follows, Harry suffers from what he believes is another heart attack, but he is told by the young ER physician, Dr. Martinez, who treats him like her father, that it was only a panic attack. Although she is heartbroken, Erica figures that these events would be great to use in a play. Harry hears about it and rushes to the NYC theater where it is being rehearsed. Despite her denials, it is quickly obvious that she has used the most personal details of their affair in the play. Erica coolly rebuffs his every insinuation that he cares about her and hints that his character will die in the play—for a laugh. He then has another panic attack and is again treated by Dr. Martinez, who warns him that he needs to learn to "decompress". Six months pass. Erica\'s play is a huge success. Harry pays Marin a visit to apologize for anything he ever did to hurt her. She replies that he was nothing but nice to her and happily tells him that she is pregnant and has a new husband. Harry expresses a desire to see Erica. Marin tells him that her mother is in Paris celebrating her birthday. Harry decides to surprise Erica. Remembering how they had once planned to spend their birthdays together there, he shows up at the Parisian restaurant where she is seated at a table. Harry explains that over the past six months he reached out to all of the women he ever had affairs with, and even though repeatedly rebuffed at first, finally broke through. They all had identical harsh stories that helped him learn how "I arrived at being me." He tells Erica that his trip to find her was the last and the farthest. Julian appears. All along, Erica has been waiting at the restaurant for Julian, whom she is now dating. Harry and Erica get along well during the dinner, but they part outside the restaurant. While he is gazing in heartache over the river Seine,  Erica pulls up in a taxi. She explains that Julian figured out what was happening between them and decided to step aside to let Erica be with Harry. Harry explains that his search the last six months has made him realize he truly loves Erica. Harry and Erica kiss. A year later, at a New York restaurant, Erica and Harry, now married, are out with Marin, her husband and her new baby, as one big happy family.'] ['Still reeling from the death of her father, a young girl spends one last summer at the Jersey Shore before heading off to college. But when her plans fall apart, the girl stumbles into a mysterious world of Russian sailors, high-stakes gambling, and unexpected love.'] ['Ted Beckerwith  is an unsuccessful family man who finds himself in severe debt to a loan shark . In attempt to pay off his $10,000, he becomes involved in a plan to marry a foreigner for a price.'] ['The film starts out at The Merrill Department store where a very exhausted stockgirl named Maggie Johnson  is given a moment to attend to the sales counter. There she encounters a charming handsome man. He pretends to be interested in purchasing some children\'s toys but after many humorous demonstrations by Maggie the manager comes over and gives the man his time card. The man is said to be Joe Grant  though in reality he is the son of the owner; making him Joseph Merrill. To prove to his father he is ready for his engagement he has taken the job of stockboy under an assumed name. Annoyed Maggie takes Joe back to the stockroom and tells him to get to work. He is so inept she calls him, \'The Dumbest Stockboy in the World\' though she promises to take him under her wing; much to his amusement. A few days later, after her shift, Maggie is outside waiting for Joe. She appears to have a crush on him. Some of her coworkers tease her but eventually warn her that Joe is coming, causing Maggie to hop on her ride home from work: the back of an open truck. Joe is swarmed with salesgirls who try for his attention causing him to not focus on Maggie. Determined Maggie throws her bag on the ground as the vehicle pulls away. Joe picks it up and chases the truck down to give it to her. After 3 more times of this he finally grows weary and jumps in the truck to join Maggie who feigns innocence. The two flirt and Maggie shows him pictures of her off kilter family. Once they reach her home she invites him in for supper only to find her family is causing a commotion. Her father  is an elderly postal worker who is meek and easily subdued. Her mother  is an overweight dramatic woman who enjoys going to random funerals and smelling salts. Her sister Liz  is a flapper who has a boyfriend who gets her into trouble. Maggie does her best to hide the goings on but eventually caves and sends Joe on his way hoping to have dinner another day. Time passes and Joe\'s mother is planning his engagement announcement party. However she has not mentioned it to him hoping to make it a surprise. Joe has reached a promotion now being Maggie\'s boss. However he still eats lunch with her every day in the stocking room. During one such lunch, after receiving the note to join his parents for dinner , Maggie gives him a watch for his birthday. He is touched and puts it on. Shortly after this he accidentally catches his sleeve on a nail. Trying to pull himself free he accidentally puts his arm around Maggie, and after the mutual surprise the two kiss. Enamored with each other they head out on the town to walk in the rain. Joe begins to spend money and she tells him he\'ll end up in the poorhouse. Joe offers to buy her dinner at a nice restaurant but embarrassed by her shoddy work clothes Maggie declines. Joe gets the idea to tell her they should follow the store\'s company motto, "We\'re all a family" and that if they were family they could eat at the Merrill Mansion. Maggie thinking he is joking agrees. Meanwhile her sister is arrested because of her association with her boyfriend, and is taken to night court. Her family frets at not being able to find Maggie who they believe needs to help Liz out of the mess. Maggie had tried to call them; but after a few rings  she hung up. Arriving at the Merrill Mansion Maggie is amazed that it is the real deal. Joe is amused with her reluctance but eventually gets her into the mansion; much to the butler\'s amusement. Maggie is extremely reluctant until Joe convinces the butler to say \'a Merrill employee eats here every night!\' Maggie relaxes and tells Joe they should pretend to be Mr. and Mrs. Merrill. Joe is extremely amused by this, especially at her lack of formal dinner habits. At the surprise engagement party Joe\'s family sits concerned. They return home to find Joe, and Maggie who has hidden under the table. Joe admits he is \'Joseph Merrill\' but before he can explain further his fiancee  arrives and kisses him in front of Maggie. Maggie, heartbroken leaves. Joe upset tells his fiancee he had broken Maggie\'s heart and must go after her. Maggie walks and walks until she returns to where Joe and her shared a moment which happens to be by the night court. She sees her family arrive and after they chaste her they enter the court to try to save Liz from prison. Meanwhile Joe arrives at the same spot only to be helped by a bum who had watched the whole goings on. He enters the court to hear Maggie\'s passionate plea for her sister; whom the judge eventually lets go. While Maggie fetches water for her \'on the verge of fainting\' mother Joe walks over to her and apologizes, saying he did not love his fiancee and would not marry her. He then proposes to Maggie which causes  her sister to faint. While everyone tries to revive Liz, Liz\'s boyfriend makes a remark to her father about Maggie \'taking up with the Merrill boy\' implying that it was only for sex. Joe offended punches him and begins to fight right in court. The next day Maggie is back home, reading the paper which has headlines about their romance. Joe\'s father  arrives at the home. He tells Maggie he wanted to send his son to Hawaii until the scandal blew over, which Joe agreed to. However Joe apparently made plans to bring Maggie as well and marry on the boat. Mr. Merrill not happy with this tries to buy Maggie off with a check for $10,000; just as Joe arrives unaware his father is there. He tells Maggie his plans which upset her. Angry, she begins a whole tirade against him trying to find out if he really loved her or not. She begins to claim she is just a jazz girl and knew who he was all along. That she was a golddigger and just after his money and thanks to his father she now had what she wanted. She even plays a jazz record and puts on lipstick to further prove her point. Joe begins to cry, and Maggie touched breaks down and admits that none of it is true and the real reason she can\'t go away with him is because of her family  who needs her more than he does. Her father becomes livid and declares it was time \'he became the father of the family\' and takes charge of his wife and daughters. In a comedic scene he commands everyone  to pack Maggie\'s things; for the ship which leaves in 10 minutes. After an extreme car ride the couple barely make it. Once boarded the father realizes he never gave Maggie her suitcase; which he tries to throw but ends up in the ocean. The couple waves goodbye and eventually get crowded back from view. When the crowd leaves the audience sees them kissing.'] ['Maggie  has recently moved out on her own, and has started a relationship with another woman, Kim . However, Maggie\'s mother Lila  and brother, who are forced to move into her loft sublet with her, are unaware that she is a lesbian. Maggie\'s freedom is compromised, and she believes she must keep her blossoming affair a secret. However, the clandestine romance introduces Maggie\'s family to a host of new experiences, many of which are "better than chocolate". The cast also includes Ann-Marie MacDonald as Frances, the owner of a lesbian bookstore where Maggie works, and Peter Outerbridge as Judy, a trans woman with a crush on Frances.'] ["Pyare  is blind and Mohan  is deaf after they meet a severe accident  Both are friends and seem to be happy with their disability but they crave the love of a girl who will love them for who they are. They eventually come across two sisters Preeti  and Piya . The men fall in love with them and begin to dream of a life with them. Unfortunately the girls have the opposite feeling and see them only as friends and when they ask for the reason why they don't love them, they learn it is because of their disabilities. And so, burdened by their disabilities the girls leave for Bangkok as they have a show there. On the plane, a nervous passenger called Tony , who is actually a don, feels that the aircraft is about to crash due to the turbulence. He then begins to make a confession to a priest  about his escape from India and that he is actually an underworld don who has faked his own death. The priest is seated next to Preeti and Piya. As the turbulence clears Tony feels insecure about telling the priest about his intention but soon the plane is fine and Tony is scared that the priest may reveal his true identity so he kills the priest at Bangkok airport and the blame falls on Preeti and Piya. They are charged for murder and are imprisoned in a Bangkok jail. Pyare and Mohan hear about the arrest and quickly go to Bangkok to save them. Soon they escape with the girls but Tony's men are after them as well as the police. After some daring scenes Tony becomes impatient with his brother Tiny, so he kills him. When hearing that they can be taken out of Bangkok, Pyare, Mohan, Preeti and Piya hide from the police and don Tony. Tony finds out about their attempt to escape and heads them off. Hitting bottles at Pyare and Mohan with a baseball bat, Tony hopes to kill the girls, but he is unsuccessful because Pyare and Mohan protect them. When the bottes run out Pyare and Mohan faint. Tony then grabs the girls and starts trying to hit them with the bat itself. Pyare then becomes conscience and uses the watch to awaken and find Mohan. The two then find Tony and start beating him. They are about to strike the last blow, when a bullet is shot. The police have arrived with Tiny, who is still alive. He was rushed to the hospital just in time, and told the police everything about his brother's plans. Tony is then arrested. After healing, Pyare and Mohan go to the airport to return home to India. While doing so they run into Preeti and Piya who tell them that they love them and want to marry them."] ['Aspiring writer Lester Grimm  starts going out with Ramona Ray  after being introduced by Lester\'s friend Vince  and Vince\'s fiancee Lucretia . They immediately hit it off, but Ramona mentions on their first date that one of her ex-boyfriends is famous writer Dashiell Frank . Lester becomes slightly jealous. One day Lester is walking down the street and he spots Dashiell and follows him. He then notices how Dashiell goes to group therapy. He then joins the group, pretending that he is actually his friend, Vince. After several sessions with the group and Dr. Poke , Dashiell is complaining about how he has never been faithful when Lester bursts out with some criticism that shocks everyone. After a couple more sessions, Lester decides to leave the therapy group, which Vince strongly advises against, as he had asked Lester to talk about him to get some personal advice. Vince then convinces Lester to stay for two more sessions, where Lester continues to \'fight\' Dashiell. During one particular session, Dashiell is talking about a character in one of his books, and says that it was based on a true person. We are then led to believe that he is talking about Ramona. Lester still continues with the group therapy, even after the two sessions that he said was his last. After a session, Dashiell asks Lester if he would like to go for a drink. They go to a bar where they drink scotch and Dashiell reveals that he likes their arguments in therapy, since no one else speaks their minds. Lester had arranged to meet Ramona after the session, but has forgotten about it, while Dashiell and Lester become friends. When Lester goes to Ramona\'s house later, and apologizes for not meeting her, he lies and said that he went to see "The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance," and that it was shot in color, although if he had seen the film he would have known it was in black and white. Dashiell invites Lester to come over to his house for a drink, and he agrees. Here we meet Irene , Dashiell\'s girlfriend. After the meeting, Lester and Ramona are lying on the bed, where Ramona reveals that a past boyfriend, Steven , had come over and that they had had sex, but that it was before she and Lester were serious. She then says that her relationship with Steven is over, and that the sex hadn\'t meant anything. Later, when Lester is having dinner at Ramona\'s house, Ramona reveals her sexual past, which proves that she couldn\'t be the character that Dashiell had described earlier. They then talk about the first time they slept together, which leads to an argument. At the next therapy session, the true Vince joins the group, under a fake name as \'Leo\' and adopts a British accent for the therapy. Vince then reveals Lester\'s problems to the group, but says that they are his own, even though Lester objects. After the session they have an argument. In another session, Dashiell reveals that he had met Ramona coincidently after a meeting, and that they had had sex. Lester then walks out of the session, to find Ramona. She is outside and they have an argument in the street, while the rest of the group come out to see what happens. All of the lies are revealed, and Dashiell punches Lester. Lester begins to walk away, then turns around, walks up to Dashiell and says "She\'s my girlfriend", and punches him. Lester and Ramona argue and break up. Several months later, at the Iowa Writer\'s Workshop, Lester working on his writing, and back in New York, Ramona has been going to Dr. Poke for therapy. The scene then shifts to Vince and Lucretia\'s wedding, where Lester and Ramona see each other. Lester outstretches his hand, asking Ramona to dance. At first she hesitates, saying how long it had taken for her to get over him, and he agrees. He then outstretches his hand again, and this time she accepts.'] ["The title character, a widow whose savings have been depleted by her selfish, middle-aged children, Lulu and Ad, finds herself homeless when the bank forecloses on her mortgage. She becomes friendly with Bill Green, an aging itinerant salvaging the house's plumbing, who she soon discovers is really fugitive bank robber William Gruenwald. Hoping to recoup her losses from the bank that took her home, Bunny blackmails Bill into teaching her how to rob the institution in exchange for keeping his identity a secret. She wears a long blonde wig, over-sized hat, and sunglasses, while he dons a fake beard, leather vest, and bell-bottom pants, and the two pull off the caper and escape on a 250cc Triumph TRW Trophy motorcycle. Buoyed by their success, Bunny convinces Bill to join her in more heists, and the different modus operandi they use - setting free a canary to distract the guard, setting off smoke bombs - make it difficult for police lieutenant Horace Greeley and criminologist R.J. Hart to profile their suspects."] ["Khosro Paziresh, the inventor of a magical washing powder, goes to a company to sell his invention but he falls down the elevator and gets transferred to a hospital. Darioosh Jam, The CEO of the company, dies from a Stroke after finding out that his company is bankrupt and he too gets transferred to the same hospital. The transplant team in the hospital, transplant Khosro's brain in Darioosh's body and Khosro stays alive in the CEO's body. http://www.sourehcinema.com/Title/FullOutline.aspx?FilmIdFalse"] ['Secretary Mirabel Miller  wins a lottery and decides to live it up in a luxurious New York hotel, where she clashes with a bellboy  who is more than he appears to be.'] ["Wendell, a neurotic, aimless twentysomething, struggles to figure out which girl he really belongs with: Joanna, the best girl he's ever known, or Vicky, the worst. His friend, Dave, helps him sort through his thoughts as Wendell discovers not only who he should be with, but who he truly is under all that neuroses."] ["A wide-eyed Meg Wheeler comes to New York City and takes a job in market research for a large firm. She's also keeping an eye open to meet the right man, her research making her aware that the United States has five million more females than males. Upon meeting two clients, the reserved and somewhat stodgy Miles Doughton and his playboy younger brother Evan, it doesn't take long for Meg to realize she's romantically interested in Evan. Miles is willing to help. He has seen so many of his brother's conquests come and go that he knows what Evan likes in a girl. Therefore, in a Pygmalion-like way, he sets out to transform Meg into exactly that kind of girl. What she doesn't know is that Miles secretly comes to want her for himself."] ['Set in the Roaring Twenties, the story centers on Nanette Carter, a Westchester socialite with show business aspirations. She offers to invest $25,000 in a Broadway show if her boyfriend, producer Larry Blair, casts her in the starring role. What she doesn\'t realize is Larry is two-timing her with ingenue Beatrice Darcy, who he envisions as the lead. When he accepts Nanette\'s offer, she imposes upon her wealthy, penny-pinching uncle, J. Maxwell Bloomhaus, to lend her the money. He\'s willing to do so, on one condition - for the next 24 hours, his niece must answer "no" to every question she\'s asked. Comic complications ensue when the cast arrives at Nanette\'s estate to rehearse, and composer and pianist Jimmy Smith, who has romantic designs on the girl, falls victim to the bet she\'s made with her uncle. Nanette wins, only to discover Uncle Max has lost all his money in the stock market crash. The only person still solvent is attorney William Early, and Nanette\'s assistant Pauline Hastings sets out to charm him into backing the show.'] ['Sandy Brooks  is desperate to get pregnant, but her husband Jeff , a television script writer, is too stressed out to make love to her. In an attempt at a sea change, they go on a pleasure cruise and meet another couple, Claire and King Banner .'] ["{{Incomplete}} At the beginning of his summer holiday, a somewhat naïve trainee teacher Daniel  buys a ring from a stall run by a neighbor, the aspiring artist and street vendor Juli . The ring bears a Mayan sun symbol, which, according to Juli, has the power to lead him to the woman of his dreams, whom he will recognise by a similar sun symbol. As Juli has the ring's counterpart, and as she is in love with him, she invites Daniel to a party that evening, hoping that they will meet. Curious, Daniel goes to the party and meets Melek , a young Turkish woman who is wearing a T-shirt imprinted with a sun symbol. Convinced that she is the woman of his dreams, Daniel talks to her. Melek is only passing through and looking for a place to spend the night. After spending the evening together seeing the sights of Hamburg, Daniel invites her to spend the night in his apartment. Daniel and Melek leave the party just as Juli arrives. She sees them leave together. In her disappointment, she decides to leave town. Next day she goes to the Autobahn to hitch a ride, with no predetermined destination. As fate would have it, Daniel is the first car to stop, on his way back from the airport, where he has just dropped Melek off. He has decided to drive to Istanbul in search of Melek, who, as she told him, will be under the bridge over the Bosporus at a certain time a few days later, although he does not know why. Daniel takes Juli with him in his stoner roommate's rusty old car. And this is the beginning a long and exciting trip across a scorching hot Southeastern Europe."] ['Moon is a young misfit who has the ability to talk to bugs. Moon has always been perceived as a "misfit" because she spoke baby talk too long. She has a crush on a boy named Hyland who works in a store owned by his father, across the street from her house. Unknown to Moon, Hyland has a serious problem with body contact with other people. Moon also meets Coochie, an endearing ladybug who speaks to her and becomes part of her daily life, advising her. Moon meets a band of kids who also has abilities, including telekinetic twins, a high jumping teen, a fortune teller, a boy with x-ray vision that is a semi-pervert. Leading these misfits is a woman named Auntie who looks early to mid 20s but her actual age is 70. Auntie wants both Moon and Hyland to join her band of misfits because of Moon\'s abilities and Hyland\'s ability to dodge from other people\'s attacks, i.e. superspeed.'] ['{{Plot}} Timothy "Dildo/Dunph" Dunphy , is a high school senior living in Pawtucket, Rhode Island, in 1974. He hangs out with a group of friends, mainly to smoke marijuana at the water tower overlooking town. His friend, Drugs Delaney , suggests going out to a local bar called "The Edge,", which a sexually promiscuous classmate known as Bunny Cote is known to frequent. Accepting the idea, Dunph and his friends head back to his house to pick up his bong. Dunph tries to get his wheelchair-using younger brother, Jackie , to smuggle it out of the house, but they are slowed down by Dunph\'s father Pat , who insists that they all come inside and greet his poker-playing friends. While they are exchanging pleasantries, Jackie shows up with the bong wrapped in Dunph\'s jacket. The bong falls on the floor, and Pat picks it up asking what it is. Jackie tries to fool him by saying it is a horn..."a music horn". Pat\'s friend, Joey , asks Dunph to demonstrate his playing abilities. Dunph tries, but blows air, and Pat, having heard enough, lets them leave. Pat\'s friends all know what the device is, but choose not to inform on Dunph and his friends. After "The Edge", Dunph and his friends get into a car  and drive off, with a big cloud of marijuana smoke fogging up the passenger compartment. Unable to see where he is going, Dunph rear-ends the back of a marked police car, with its occupant inside. Kaveech, one of Pat\'s poker-playing friends, has influence with a local judge, and manages to negotiate a plea to keep Dunph out of reform school. He is shipped off to Cornwall Academy, a Connecticut boys\' boarding school with a segregated all-girls school nearby under the same name. As a condition of parole, Dunph must finish his senior year and graduate from Cornwall, or spend a year in jail. Though Dunph makes a sincere effort to stay out of trouble, it quickly catches up with him. The first incident is when Jack Wheeler , a preppy blonde student who comes from an obviously privileged life, introduces Dunph to Billy Fu, a middle eastern exchange student with "the best reefer on campus". The trio fashions a bong out of a 55-gallon drum hidden in a large bush, and smokes about half a bag of marijuana. Dunph later learns that Billy Fu routinely misses classes and gets away with it, because his father promises to donate a large amount of money to the school, on condition that Billy graduates. It does not take long for Dunphy to incur the wrath of Mr Funderburk , his rigid dorm master, and Dean Bill Mort, who receives a letter simply addressed to the school, but meant for Dunph\'s eyes. The letter is from Drugs Delaney, revealing Dunph\'s hatred of the school and of Funderburk, who routinely assigns "work hours" to students who misbehave. Eventually, Dunph accumulates more work hours than he has class days. Dunph also manages to make friends with Jane Weston , whom Wheeler calls "hands down, the coolest girl in school". The pair eventually develop their relationship from friendship to romance, but the relationship is brought to a screeching halt one day. This is the second part of an earlier incident when Dunph\'s room, shared by a boy named Irving , is raided by Funderburk. Wheeler\'s room is also raided. The incident bringing Dunph\'s and Jane\'s relationship to a stop occurs when Dunph, Jane, Billy Fu, Jizz and Wheeler are in Dunph\'s room smoking marijuana with a bottle of alcohol present. Wheeler excuses himself to make a phone call. Moments later, Funderburk bursts into the room, catching everyone in the act of getting high and drunk. Funderburk orders Jane out of the room just as Wheeler shows up, innocently saying he was checking to see if anyone was studying. Funderburk orders him out as well. In the midst of a morality lecture on how he intends to turn everyone in as an incentive for them not to repeat such an incident in the future, Dunph stops Funderburk in mid-sentence, telling him to "shut the fuck up". Funderburk calls Dunph outside. Dunph reveals his knowledge of the deal with Billy Fu\'s father, and if Funderburk reports everyone but Billy, Dunph will in turn, report Billy. Funderburk counters by producing the marijuana he confiscated in the earlier raid. Dunph offers Funderburk a deal, he will let himself be expelled if everyone else gets work hours. Funderburk accepts. When the boys are called to the Dean\'s office, they are surprised to learn that the only punishment was probation and work hours. Dunph eventually puts everything together and learns why: Funderburk gave him an even worse deal than they had worked out by having had Jane expelled from the school. Funderburk\'s actions also reversed her acceptance to Brown University the following year. Not long after, Dunph learns that Wheeler is accepted into Yale University by a letter of recommendation from Funderburk. Knowing that Wheeler was caught with marijuana during the first raid, Dunph concludes that Wheeler made his own deal with Funderburk to inform on everyone and have Jane expelled. Wheeler denies it, and Dunph threatens to throw Wheeler off the roof, where they are smoking marijuana one evening and Dunph reveals his knowledge of the situation. "Your life\'s gonna suck anyway," Dunph says to a visibly defeated and weak Wheeler. Dunph later makes his way into the Dean\'s office at Brown University, where he tells the Dean that he was the one responsible for Jane\'s expulsion from Cornwall, and that she was innocent of any wrongdoing. He convinces the Dean of Jane\'s innocence, which the Dean uses to influence the review board to overturn their decision to revoke Jane\'s admission. The movie ends with Dunph graduating and even publicly defying Funderburk by refusing to shake his hand as customary at graduation, with his father and Jackie coming to school to pick him up. Dunph is given an acceptance letter from Rhode Island Junior College by his father. Dunph also reveals his intention to transfer to a "senior college...where people sleep over and shit."'] ['The film depicts the sexual competition among three roommates — the aggressive, womanizing drummer Tolen ([[Ray Brooks , the shy, paranoid schoolteacher Colin , and the neutral artist Tom  — when a young woman from out of town, Nancy , enters their London world.'] ['Set in 1934 Paris, the film opens with Richard Di Nardo, a young hustler, emerging from the bed of gay middle-aged Carroll Todd, aka Toddy; Richard dresses, takes money from Toddy\'s wallet and leaves Toddy\'s apartment. Going about his day, Toddy, a performer at Chez Lui in Paris, sees Labisse, the club owner, auditioning a frail, impoverished soprano, Victoria Grant. After the audition, Labisse drily writes her off, and she responds by sustaining a pitch to shatter his wine glass using resonant frequency. That night, Richard comes to Chez Lui as part of a straight foursome and Toddy incites a brawl by insulting Richard and the women in his group. Labisse fires Toddy and bans him from the club. Walking home, he spots Victoria dining at a restaurant, and she invites him to join her. As neither of them can pay for the meal, she dumps a cockroach in her salad to avoid paying their check, but it escapes and the whole place breaks out in havoc. The duo run out through the rain to Toddy\'s, and he invites her to stay when she finds that the rain has shrunken her cheap clothes. The next morning Richard shows up to collect his things. Victoria, who is wearing his clothes, hides in Toddy\'s closet. When she thinks that Richard might harm Toddy, she ambushes Richard and literally kicks him out. Witnessing this, Toddy is struck with the inspiration of passing Victoria off as a man  and presenting her to Andre Cassell, the most successful agent in Paris, as a female impersonator. Cassell accepts her as Count Victor Grazinski, a gay Polish female impersonator and Toddy\'s new boyfriend. Cassell gets her an initial nightclub show and invites a collection of club owners to the opening. Among the guests is King Marchand, an owner of multiple clubs in Chicago, who is in league with the mob. King attends with his ditzy moll Norma Cassidy and burly bodyguard Bernstein, aka Squash. Victor is a hit, and King is smitten, but devastated and incredulous when she is "revealed" as a man at the end of her act. King is convinced that "Victor" is not a man. After a quarrel with Norma and his subsequent failure with her later that night, King sends her back to America. Determined to get the truth of Victor\'s gender, King sneaks into Victoria and Toddy\'s suite and confirms his suspicion when he spies her getting into the bath. He keeps his knowledge secret and invites Victoria, Toddy, and Cassell to Chez Lui, where Toddy is now welcomed due to Victor\'s status as a big star. Another fight breaks out and Squash and Toddy are arrested with the bulk of the club clientelle, but King and Victoria escape, leading them to get together. Squash returns to the suite and catches King with Victoria in bed. King tries to explain, but soon receives a shocker himself - Squash reveals himself to be gay. Meanwhile, Labisse hires a P.I., Charles Bovin, to investigate Victor. Victoria and King live together for awhile, but keeping up the public act of Victoria being a man strains the relationship and King ends it. Back in Chicago, Norma tells King\'s club partner Sal Andretti , that King is having a gay affair with Victor. At the same time that Victoria has decided to give up the persona of Victor in order to be with King, Sal arrives and demands that King transfer his share of the empire to Sal for a small portion of its worth. Squash tells Victoria what\'s happening, and she interrupts the paperwork signing to show Norma that she is really a woman, and prevent King from having to lose his stake. That night at the club Cassell tells Toddy and Victoria that Labisse has lodged a complaint against him and "Victor" for perpetrating a fraud. The Inspector confirms to Labisse that the performer is a man and Labisse is an idiot. In the end, Victoria joins King in the club as her real self. King is stunned, as moments earlier, the announcer had said that Victor is going to perform. It is revealed that Toddy is masquerading as Victor. After an intentionally disastrous, but hilarious performance, Toddy claims that this is his last performance. The film ends with King, Squash, Victoria, Cassell and the public applauding enthusiastically.'] ['In New York City in 1994, Luke Shapiro  is trading marijuana in exchange for therapy from his psychiatrist, Dr. Jeffery Squires . Luke graduates from high school but while dealing at a party, he finds out that everyone is going to be away for the summer except him and his classmate, Stephanie , Dr. Squires\' stepdaughter. When Luke returns home, he finds his parents arguing over money and their probable eviction. Luke starts dealing more pot to make money for his family. After a session with Dr. Squires, he bumps into Steph and invites her to come with him dealing around the city. Steph has a great time and gives Luke her number so she will not be lonely in the city for the summer. Luke phones Steph but ends up talking to Dr. Squires and they go out to a bar. Another client of Luke\'s shows up and while getting drunk and high, they get kicked out for underage drinking. Luke and Dr. Squires are walking from the bar and start tagging a wall but are apprehended by the police. Steph bails them out of jail and, against Dr. Squire\'s wishes, takes Luke out for the day. Luke and Steph end up kissing. When Luke gets home, he finds he has strong feelings for her. Luke grabs a letter from his father and reads that his family is getting evicted. He tells his father to be a man and do something about it. Steph invites him to her family\'s house at Fire Island; Dr. Squires and his wife are going to try to fix their relationship on a second honeymoon. At the island, Steph finds out Luke is a virgin and offers to give him sex lessons. After taking a shower and having sex together, Luke tells Steph that he loves her. She reacts with astonishment and it\'s obvious  that she\'s not looking for that kind of relationship with him. Luke asks Dr. Squires for help selling pot because he needs to make enough money for college. Luke introduces Dr. Squires to his client, Eleanor ([[Jane Adams , and they hit it off. Luke\'s family gets evicted and is forced to stay in a hotel. Luke visits Steph for companionship, but she greets him at the door with another classmate, and his heart is broken. Luke goes to Fire Island to seek counseling with Dr. Squires. Dr. Squires is on a bender because of his now inevitable divorce and invites Luke to join him. While high, Dr. Squires starts to walk into the ocean to kill himself. Luke goes in after him to save him. They both end up back on the beach, alive, more sober, and cracking jokes. Luke later talks with Dr. Squires inside the Squires\' home. Luke tells him that he will be moving to New Jersey to live with his grandparents. Squires wishes him luck and tells him goodbye. As Luke is leaving, Steph follows him to the elevator to talk to him. However, Luke says "Do me a favor Steph, don\'t say anything; I wanna remember this; I\'ve never done it before." Stephanie replies "Never done what?" and Luke continues, "had my heart broken" and as he is on the verge of tears he goes into the elevator and Stephanie looks sad for a moment. As Luke walks out of the complex, he puts in the mixtape Squires made for him and All the Young Dudes by Mott the Hoople begins playing. Luke is amused by it. In New Jersey, Luke tells his family he plans to become a psychiatrist. He says that he will be good at it because "everyone around me is so fucking crazy." Back in the city, Eleanor beeps Dr. Squires and asks him what he\'s doing tonight. He says "No plans." It then goes to Luke who is smoking a cigarette while waiting at a train stop. He flicks the cigarette at the camera and the movie cuts to black.'] ['A British officer, Captain Charles Edstaston, is sent to the Russian court of Catherine the Great as an envoy, where he has to contend with the crafty machinations of her chief minister Potemkin.'] ['Sol Glass  owns a clothing manufacturing company struggling to survive in the midst of the Great Depression. Like his competitors, Glass employs "customer girls" to entertain out-of-town buyers. However, his clients have become tired of his hard-bitten "gold diggers" and have started taking their business elsewhere. Tommy Nelson , one of his salesmen, suggests that they use their stenographers instead. Glass decides to give it a try. When buyer Luther Haines  sees Tommy\'s secretary and fiancee, Florence "Flo" Denny , he wants to take her out. However, Tommy manages to steer him to the curvaceous Birdie  instead. Later, with Birdie sick, Tommy reluctantly lets Flo go on a date with another buyer, Daniel "Danny" Drew . They have a nice time together, but she is shocked when she finds out Danny expects sex. A contrite Danny apologizes and tells her that he has fallen in love with her. He has to go on a business trip, but telephones and writes to her regularly. Meanwhile, Flo\'s friend, fellow employee and roommate, Maizee , shows her that Tommy is cheating on her with Birdie. She ends their engagement. To keep her self-respect, Flo tells Glass that she will not go out with any more buyers. When he threatens to fire her, she quits. Danny returns and takes Flo to dinner. Then, spotting Haines at another table, he asks her to help convince the last holdout to a merger to sign an important contract, the biggest deal of his life. She is disappointed by his request, but agrees to do it. She goes to dinner with Haines, but cleverly arranges with Maizee to have Haines\' wife  and daughter show up. Haines has to go along with the pretense that he is conducting business, and signs the contract. When Haines later complains about Flo\'s methods, and claims that she and Tommy are living together, Daniel suspects that she is not as innocent as he believed, so he drives her out into the country to the mansion of his friends. Nobody is home, but he coaxes her inside and tries to force himself on her. Flo tries to get away, but finally stops resisting. However, when she asks him if that is all she means to him, Danny stops before anything happens. She leaves, only to run into Tommy, who had followed the couple. He also believes she is selling herself. Danny, overhearing their conversation, realizes that Flo is innocent, and forces Tommy to apologize. Danny begs her to marry him. After she whispers in his ear, he picks her up and carries her back into the mansion.'] ['Priya Sethi  indulges her infatuation with American culture by working nights  at the Citi One Bank Card call center in Mumbai, India. Speaking in a perfect American English accent, she tells her customers her name is Jennifer David and a native of San Francisco. Her conservative father Rajeev  is unhappy that she is so eager to forsake her own culture for another, but will be pleased when she goes through with her arranged marriage to wealthy but childishly dull Vikram. Priya, posing as Jennifer David, happens to call the handsome and charming Granger Woodruff  to help him with the fraudulent charges on his credit card. Priya and Granger have an instant connection over the phone. Unable to suppress the intrigue their easy chemistry offers, Priya agrees to meet Granger in San Francisco. When Priya goes to the meeting place, he doesn\'t recognize her. As she is attempting to check out of the hotel, they stumble into each other and finally meet, but Priya does not tell him that she is Jennifer. They immediately hit it off and he invites her out to dinner. Priya and Granger\'s relationship blossoms as they share a wonderfully romantic date the following day. They tour the City by the Bay by cable car, sample some especially spicy curry , and nearly—but not quite—kiss with the Golden Gate Bridge as a backdrop. Improbably, they are falling in love. However, Priya\'s family has arrived to bring their wayward daughter home a la Coming to America and elude the shame of her escapades. Granger struggles with himself mentally for having abandoned Jennifer David for Priya instead, but still doesn\'t know that the Priya and Jennifer are the same person. Meanwhile, both lovers wonder if they just might be too different for their love to actually be possible. Eventually, Priya and Granger are found out by her parents and he learns that Priya is actually Jennifer David, and also that she is engaged to Vikram. He is angry that she deceived him, and painfully decides to cut their ties. All of Priya\'s family is happy for the relationship to have ended, except for her 80 year-old Aunt who advises her that life is too short to live to make only others happy. Priya goes to Granger\'s hotel to fight for their love but is shattered when she finds his previous girlfriend Emory in the hotel room with him. She is extremely upset that he could forget about her so easily, and he lets her leave and walk out of his life as if forever. Back in India, Priya can\'t bring herself to accept a lackluster life with Vikram. As she struggles to gently disengage without hurting her family, announcing to her betrothed\'s family that she must develop as a person, her once-future father in law calls her a rude name. Amazingly, her father forcefully stands up for her, points out that whenever she enters a room, people smile, and that he loves her. Granger, too, feels something is missing. While giving the traditional Best Man\'s Toast at a wedding, he quotes the groom, his childhood best friend: "Nothing should ever hold a man back from his future." Shocked speechless before finishing the toast, he realizes what he may still be able to save. He rushes to the airport, furiously calling the bank in Mumbai with the help of a Hindi-speaking cab driver. Priya has thrown herself back into her work, accepting a promotion to help her coworkers become as effective as she is channeling American attitudes and accent. Just as she is counseling a young man to control his emotions to better serve the bank and its customers, Granger strides into Priya\'s call center and cautiously declares his devotion. With a hundred eyes on the couple, a coworker coaxes, "Kiss him! Kiss him!" They kiss for the first time to the cheers of her crew. After her shift, as morning breaks, the apprehensive couple finds her family enjoying an open-air breakfast in their sun-dappled garden. Granger bravely attempts to win the approval of Priya\'s father by promising to honor her and her culture in phonetic but crude Hindi. Granger formally repeats his commitment to respect and care for her. Father thinks it over for a few moments as the family watches him intently, and he graciously accepts the young man, welcoming him to breakfast.'] ["In Broome in 1965, William 'Willie' Johnson is having trouble wooing his girl Rosie, who ends up with another man. His mother sends him back to boarding school  to continue his education for the priesthood. One night, he and several others steal food from the college kitchen but are caught. Willie admits to being the thief, but runs away before he can be punished. He spends the night on the streets of Perth before meeting up with 'Uncle' Tadpole, who offers to help him get home. They go to Fremantle where Tadpole allows himself to be run over by a Kombi van, hoping that the two hippies inside will help him. Not realising how far it will be to Broome, the hippies, 'Slippery' the German and Annie his girlfriend, agree to drive them. Father Benedictus, head of the College, has seen Willie's potential and determines to locate him; through Tadpole's homeless friends he learns that Willie is heading to Broome. The travellers drive north, stopping at a roadhouse where Willie meets the tarty 'Roadhouse Betty'. Tadpole steals some food, a bottle of wine and an audio tape, nearly causing them to get shot by Betty, but they manage to escape. Slippery becomes disillusioned, and leaves Willie and Tadpole behind in the middle of nowhere; Tadpole curses the hippies by pointing a bone, and the van promptly breaks down. Willie then gets a ride with a passing truck carrying the members of a football team. They end up in Port Hedland where he meets flirty Roxanne, who takes him to the 'condom tree' and offers to 'show him a good time'. But her boyfriend turns up and a fight ensues. Willie is rescued by Tadpole, who says that all young men end up there at some point. Next morning, they are driving along a desert road when a hung-over Roxanne emerges from the back seat, startling everyone. While smoking some pot, they are discovered by police and arrested, despite Annie's attempts at stopping the police from arresting them. At the police station, Slippery reveals that his real name is Wolfgang Benedictus. The police then put them in a jail cell for a night. They are released next morning, and drive on to Broome, where they go to the bar where Rosie is performing. Willie tries to win her back, but ends up in a fight with her new boyfriend Lester, only to be disrupted by a church temperance march, which invites everyone to the beach to testify. Willie tells Rosie he loves her, and they kiss. At the beach, Willie's mother reveals that she had a son to another man, who turns out to be Father Benedictus. Wolfgang is their son. Tadpole is spotted by Willie's mother, and she tells Willie that he is Tadpole's son."] ['Just weeks before their wedding, newly crowned King Edvard  and his American fiancée Paige  find their relationship — and the Danish monarchy — in jeopardy. Edvard\'s childhood friend, Princess Kirsten , comes for a visit and plots to try to steal Edvard from Paige, both for her personal reasons  and that her father, a Norwegian royal, is heavily in debt and seeks to marry Kirsten into the royal family\'s money. At one point Princess Kirsten teaches Paige how to say something in Danish. When Paige is asked to say something in Danish she says what Kirsten taught her and we come to find out the Paige has just called the Queen Mother a green donkey, which both offends and puzzles the royal family. An old law is also brought to light, one that requires a Danish king to be married to a Scandinavian princess before his 23rd birthday, or be forced to abdicate and relinquish the crown. The stress caused by the law causes Paige and Edvard to break up as Edvard plans to marry Princess Kirsten. Paige decides to stay in Denmark to finish her semester. During the "wedding" planning of princess Kristen and Edvard, Paige sees that through Edvard\'s body language that he does not love Kirsten and is only going through the motions. Paige is able to find a loophole in the succession law with the help of her friends, who are law students. The newer law states that any woman can be a crowned a princess if she can demonstrate knowledge of the Danish Constitution by reading it in Danish before the Parliament. Luckily the Danish Parliament is present at the wedding, the Constitution is read, and the happy couple marries.'] ['{{plot}} On a Friday evening, just before closing time Alain Coste is in his office and gets ready to leave, Claire, his PA, manages to stall him a couple of minutes, he goes out and she steals his keys just before he comes back for his jacket. Claire calls Cécile Coste to report that Alain has left. Alain goes to see Georges Colinet, his physician who tells him that he has tennis elbow and must have an operation. Alain becomes very worried that this operation shall take his life despite all assurances to the contrary. Later on Alain goes to a park and he starts a series of will projects that he dictates in a pocket tape recorder that he carries around, the first will distributes his assets 50/50% to his wife and children, 98% of his company shall go to his children and the remaining 2% to Claire and some moneys that he has in a Swiss bank-account shall go to the Fund for Cancer Research. At home Cécile is worried that Alain is not back yet and assumes that the worst has happened . It is clear that she is preparing a surprise birthday party for Alain, her daughter Louise is there with her boyfriend Henry helping in the kitchen. Police lights are visible from the kitchen and Cécile goes to the door, but it is Police Inspector Pascal Manise who arrives to drop his wife Agnès. The doorbell rings, it is Dr. Colinet who arrives. In the meantime Alain is lost in his own neighbourhood, he cannot find his house and comes close to having a car accident with Manise; when finally home he tells Cécile that he was late because he gave Claire a ride home. The party begins and Rémy and Louise sing "Les roses blanches" to him instead of "Happy Birthday to You". When Agnès congratulates Alain she says "may you have more days like this", which he takes as a dark omen. Georges assures him that nothing is wrong with him and gives him back his keys to a chalet Alain owns in the nearby mountains, which he used for a romantic escapade. When alone at the kitchen, Cécile confronts Alain and tells him that it is not true that he gave Claire a ride home and he then says that he actually had a car accident, as she is about to check out the car, Agnès faints; Alain uses that opportunity to create the "accident" that he had, which means hitting his Jaguar with a hammer. Meanwhile Cécile has reached Manise over the phone and tells him that Agnès is sick. He arrives and takes her away. While waiting for Manise, Cécile sees that the car has not had the exhaust changed as Alain had said earlier. The next day after a debate at school, Cécile asks Pascal to tail Alain because he is hiding something from her. Manise tells her that it is preferable to be honest and ask her husband directly but she refuses. Meanwhile in his office Alain has a sudden spasm and begins dictating his ever growing symptoms in his recorder, he leaves the office  and goes to the park where he meets Louise, who tells her father that Henry dumped her because she cheated on him. Manise is close by and all he sees is that Alain is meeting with a younger woman, but when he reports it to Cécile she recognizes her daughter and is relieved that there is not another woman. At school Agnès is very worried because Manise had to arrest Jeanne, a colleague teacher and friend. Manise asks Cécile to check the bank accounts for unusual charges, she does so despite Claire\'s warnings that Alain shall notice, they find nothing. During lunch Alain is designing several gadgets on a table mat and Manise is drinking coffee, he leaves the bar and says goodbye to everyone at the bar in a very French fashion which catches Alain\'s attention. Manise goes back to Alain\'s office and poses as a policeman from the financial branch, insinuating that Alain is involved in some questionable businesses, which Claire denies, however he manages to take a lock of Claire\'s hair without her noticing. On his way out he crosses Alain who is puzzled to see him again and asks Clair who he was and she says that he was a copying-machine representative. Alain sits at his desk and notices that things are not exactly where he left them and asks Claire to retrieve his newspaper, which he forgot at the bar. When she leaves he redials the last phone and sees that Claire was not talking to her mother but to Cécile. He also notices that Manise is still outside and manages to shake his tail, then he rushes home turning the house upside down looking for something and finds Cécile\'s notes on him, he changes his will: nothing for Cécile or Claire, all for the children with a warning not to trust their mother. That night Cécile goes to Manise\'s place to confront him about scaring Claire, she does not know that Alain is following her. Manise however, notices that Alain is close by and makes it look as if Cécile is having an affair with him and asks her to take him to the police station. Manise also reveals that Agnès is addicted to drugs and that the day of the party she fainted due to withdrawal syndrome. Before they can leave Alain is assaulted by thugs. Alain then goes to Claire\'s and forces a confession from her. Alain goes back home and tells Cécile that he must go to Paris for a couple of days.  The next day Cécile drops Alain at the train station but he comes out a few seconds later to take a taxi, however Manise is still tailing him. While in the taxi Alain changes his will again: the money for the Cancer Research is diminished. The taxi driver tells Alain that he is being followed and manages to lose Manise again, but Manise finds the taxi driver and shows him his badge. Meanwhile at the hospital Alain tells Georges about the person who is tailing him but Georges reassures him, Alain changes his will: the money for the Cancer Research fund is increased. As he gets an anesthetic shot from Georges\' nurse who turns out to be the lover that he took to the chalet, looks out the window and sees Manise talking to Dr. Colinet in the parking lot. He flees but no taxi shall take him. As Cécile is about to enter the school where she works, Manise tells her that Alain did not take the train to Paris and ventures that he is probably in a hotel with someone else. Cécile goes to the school and finds that everyone is celebrating Jeanne\'s release from prison. Agnès asks if she can borrow her car and if she can use the chalet, Cécile angrily accepts. Meanwhile Alain has managed to get on the countryside by foot and calls for Claire to help him. When she arrives the anaesthetic has kicked in and Alain lies unconscious in the middle of the field, Claire manages to wake him up. As they drive to the chalet Alain again drops asleep and drives off the road while drawing conclusions on the "plot" against his life, he finally wakes up and steps out of the car, he changes his will again: Claire gets her inheritance back. When backing up to the main road, Alain spots his wife\'s car with another car behind her. He follows and hears a man inside his chalet singing in Italian. He then assumes that his wife is connected to the Mafia and are plotting to kill him because of some of his inventions, Claire does not see the "connection". Meanwhile Dr. Colinet has reported Alain\'s disappearance to Manise. Alain and Claire go to the police but see Manise and Dr. Colinet walking out of the station together and conclude that they are together in the plot with his wife. Alain and Claire go to ther place, with Manise on their tail. She tells him that he must do something, but by then his paranoia has kicked in and he has begun adding up facts into a big scheme to kill him, which also involves his children, based on the song that they sang to him at his birthday and the changes that they made to fit him , Alain changes his will again: all goes to Claire. As they talk, enters Vincent, Claire\'s boyfriend and an employee of Alain\'s who is back home due to a working accident, but Alain does not believe him since the prescription is signed by Dr. Georges Colinet, thus Vincent is in the plot too. Cécile comes back home and finds that Louise has moved back in, when she discovers the reason  she is so angry that she slaps her daughter and also draws a conclusion that Agnès is the one having an affair with Alain. She picks Agnès at the street and drives up to the chalet but finds that a man named Pierre is there and it seems that Agnès\' story is true. Cécile confronts Georges about the truth related to her husband\'s whereabouts but he does not betray anything and acts surprised when she tells him that Alain is not in Paris. Alain has interrogated Vincent and although he does not get a confession, he ties Vincent to Claire\'s bed. They go to Alain\'s place where he connects his recording machine to the telephone to spy on Cécile, he is discovered by Louise who then agrees to call him if anything strange happens related to Cécile. During this conversation it is revealed that the only reason that his children sang "Les roses blanches" to him is because he sang that song all the time regardless of the occasion, because it was the only one he knew. Cécile arrives home and has another fight with Louise. She spends the night crying and close to dawn Manise tells her that Alain is at Claire\'s. As they leave, Cécile notices that her car is gone but asks Manise not the release a police notice on it, she assumes that her daughter took it. They go to Claire\'s but cannot find Alain. As they leave, Claire asks Vincent to follow them, Manise notices it and beats Vincent, thinking he is one of a drug dealer\'s thugs who have been following him. Back in his car he tells Cécile that he is being blackmailed by Agnès\' dealer, Cécile asks him to take her to her chalet, where she confronts Pierre, she believes that he is the drug dealer, he tells her that Manise is a wife beater. As they are about to leave, Manise tells Cécile that he is in love with her. She becomes very angry and slaps him and explodes with all her cruelty to him and leaves. Meanwhile, Alain is taking Vincent to the hospital but when he sees Dr. Colinet, he goes bezerk and crashes Vincent into the wall and beats Georges until the orderlies finally stop him. After he is restrained Alain gets a call from Louise, Cécile has not shown up for work, he calls the police, Manise goes back for Cécile and they go to her house. Alain finally reveals the reason for his secrecy and she is more at ease but not before she consults with Georges about the real gravity of his situation, a conversation that is spied by Alain through the window.'] ['This film is a look at the lives of Jake and Kristy Briggs, from their wedding day until the birth of their first child. Beginning on their wedding day, it follows both their lives, but more so Jake\'s, with his voice over commentaries and several imaginary scenes, based on actual or feared future events. After their wedding Jake and Kristy head off for New Mexico, where Jake works towards gaining a Masters Degree, but leaves before finishing, describing it as "high school with ashtrays". They return to Chicago where Jake, by "setting new records for lying in the job market", impresses his potential employers so much that they give him work as an advertising copywriter. Kristy also gains work, as a research analyst, and they are able to buy a "three bedroom mortgage" in the suburbs. Jake and Kristy then continue to adjust to their new life until Kristy unilaterally decides to cease taking contraceptives, without telling Jake, until after several months she informs him that he has been unable to impregnate her. They then begin a program to assist their efforts to become pregnant, which eventually succeed. The movie culminates with a traumatic yet eventually successful labour and Jake\'s realisation that his lack of satisfaction and sense of detachment are not due to external factors but his own selfishness and immaturity. The last scene of the film reveals that Jakes voice over was the new father reading his novel entitled She\'s Having a Baby to his wife and son. As the credits roll there is a rapid succession of suggestions for the name of the baby.'] ['The film\'s underlying plot is to create the "ultimate brassiere" for a Japanese company specialising in this undergarment, hence the fanciful title. Samantha , who is managing the Hong Kong subsidiary of the company, is the project leader of this assignment and she appoints two zany but highly creative designers to aid her in that project, Wayne  and Johnny . Johnny flirts with Samantha soon enough, being engaged in such a work, which he claims would assist in his creative powers although the story was more engaged in the humorous efforts in creating the bra. However, Samantha snubbed his overtures and their love affair remained in balance. Meanwhile, during the project various prototypes were tried and tested, but with appalling results. Apparently, Wayne and Johnny being both male were unable to realise the finer points of creating the undergarment. Lena , a lover of Wayne and also working on the project then got the inspiration that the "ultimate bra" is the one which incorporates the feeling a woman has when her male lover lovingly supports her breasts. Accordingly, the two designers created just such an undergarment and was approved by their Japanese employers.'] ["Despite her pessimistic outlook on life, Rita Boyle , a liberal, free-spirited aspiring graphic designer who earns a living as a bartender, falls in love with and marries Peter Hoskins , the conservative employee of a Chicago publishing house. At their wedding, the couple is approached by Julius , a lonely, elderly man who requests permission to kiss the bride. When he does, their spirits switch places, leaving Peter with an aged man's soul inside his newly wed bride. Whether or not he can see beyond the physical and embrace the beautiful soul he loves, Julius will agree to return to his cancer-riddled flesh by kissing Rita again."] ['Following the memorial service for investigative reporter Joe Strombel , Strombel\'s spirit finds himself on the barge of death with several others, including a young woman who believes she was poisoned by her employer, Peter Lyman . The woman tells Strombel she thinks Lyman, a handsome British aristocrat with political ambitions, may be the Tarot Card Killer, a notorious serial killer of prostitutes, and that he killed her when she stumbled onto his secret. The Tarot Card Killer left a card on each murder victim\'s body. Sondra Pransky  is a beautiful but somewhat awkward American college journalism student on vacation in London. Pransky attends a performance given by magician Sid Waterman , aka "The Great Splendini", and agrees to participate on the stage. While in a booth known as The Dematerializer, Pransky encounters Strombel\'s ghost. The ghost has escaped the Grim Reaper himself to impart his suspicions of Lyman to a journalist who can investigate the story.The scene was influenced by one from Federico Fellini’s Nights of Cabiria, in which a stage musician about to be exposed as a fraud performs actual magic. Sondra decides to infiltrate Lyman\'s privileged world and find out if he truly is the dreaded criminal, enlisting Sid in the process and taking advantage of his powers of deception. Sondra catches Lyman\'s attention by pretending to drown near him at an exclusive club\'s swimming pool. When he rescues her, she introduces herself as Jade Spence, daughter of a wealthy oil family from Palm Beach. While Sid poses as her father, "Jade" begins dating Lyman. Sondra is convinced Lyman is the murderer, but Sid finds it hard to believe. As the film progresses, however, Sondra falls in love with Lyman and begins to trust him. Meanwhile, Sid becomes less sanguine about Lyman as he notices more and more inconsistencies, especially after he and Sondra find a Tarot deck hidden under a French horn in Peter\'s vault, a climate-controlled music room containing expensive antique musical instruments. Sid finally prevails upon Sondra to write a news story implicating Lyman, but the newspaper editor refuses the story because of Sondra\'s lack of proof. Throughout their investigations, Sid and Sondra have a relationship that is in turns friendly, paternal, and also antagonistic—fueled largely by Sondra\'s annoyance that her smooth "Jade Spence" charade is being compromised by Sid\'s obnoxious attempts to act the part of a nouveau riche oil baron. Soon the police arrest the real Tarot Card Killer. Sondra, relieved that her suspicions were for naught, reveals her real name and the deception she and Sid had practiced. Lyman is surprisingly gracious, and tells Sondra he desires to keep seeing her. They plan to spend the weekend at Lyman\'s isolated country estate. Later, Sid  suggests that Lyman used the Tarot Card murders to cover up a murder he committed. While Sondra and Lyman vacation in the country, Sid continues to investigate this theory. He finds that Lyman did frequent a prostitute, Betty Gibson, who was later killed, apparently by the Tarot Card Killer. Gibson is described as a "baby-faced blonde"  before Lyman convinced her to dye her hair, presumably to match the profile of the other Tarot victims. When Sid calls Sondra with his findings, she waves them off. Unbeknownst to her, Lyman is ominously listening in on another extension. Sid breaks into Lyman\'s vault again, this time finding a mysterious key, which turns out to be for Betty Gibson\'s flat. Meanwhile, out on a rowboat in Lyman\'s lake, Lyman confesses to Sondra that he killed Gibson to stop her blackmailing him, and he used the Tarot Card pattern to allay suspicion, just as Strombel had told Sid. Lyman comments on the irony that he first met Sondra by saving her from drowning, and now she really would drown. He would kill Sid later; no one would connect an obscure stage magician\'s death to that of a clumsy journalism student. This scene is intercut with shots of Sid driving madly to the Lyman estate to rescue Sondra, a shot interrupted by an off-camera crash. After his confession, Lyman throws Sondra into the lake and watches her go under. He then calls the police to report her drowning death. When they question him, he tells them of how Sondra was a terrible swimmer and how she almost drowned that first day at the pool. Suddenly, Sondra enters, soaking wet but smiling cheerfully. She informs Lyman and the police that the drowning had been an act to get his attention, and actually she was a very good swimmer. Back in the newspaper offices, the editor who previously rejected Sondra\'s article now congratulates Sondra on a brilliant piece of investigative journalism, the start of a promising career. Sondra seems flattered, and says she must also credit Joe Strombel and the late Sid Waterman, Splendini, who is now a passenger on the Reaper\'s ship, performing for his fellow spirits the same magical gags and comedy routines he did in life.'] ["Sanjay Malhotra  is living in Mumbai with his friend Ria . He receives a phone call from his childhood friend Anjali Sharma  who shocks him with the news that she is getting married. Unfortunately Sanjay has loved Anjali for years. Jealous and frustrated Sanjay makes his way to Anjali with one intention - to stop her marriage. Sanjay goes to Anjali's home and soon meets her groom- Rohit Khanna . Sanjay then begins to scheme. He organises a bachelor party for Rohit and all the men in the family. Rohit ends up completely drunk. He picks up on the fact that Sanjay is out to stop his marriage and vows to make sure that Sanjay fails in this. Sanjay, out of desperation, gets Ria to come and pose as his girlfriend. This makes Anjali jealous but eventually Ria leaves giving a hint that Sanjay loves Anjali. Giving up, Sanjay leaves for Mumbai as he cannot stop the wedding. Meanwhile, Anjali says to Rohit that a relationship must be built on truth. She confesses that she has always loved Sanjay. Rohit stops Sanjay from leaving who eventually marries Anjali."] ["The story begins with Cora  and Ellen , two women in their thirties who are living in Edinburgh. While they are getting ready at a mirror they begin to discuss life and romance. The story then catapults itself into the past before the two women met and where their story really begins. Quirky Cora is an aspiring biochemist with intention to go to university but ends up taking a jump towards late teenage rebellion in which she tries drugs, drinks excessively. After moving in with her boyfriend, Cora discovers she's pregnant and immediately all her dreams are shattered as she becomes a pregnant housewife who is eventually dumped by her passionate but slovenly boyfriend. Ellen on the other hand is strait-laced and level-headed; A budding cartoonist with prospects to run her own business alongside her colleague Stanley . While out for a drink at her local pub, womanizing Daniel , makes a pass at her and she is instantly smitten. Ellen invites Daniel to meet her very prim and proper mother who is instantly reviled by Daniel's revelation that he is writing a dissertation on the post-coital discussions women have with men after sleeping with them. Despite her mother's attempt to talk Ellen into dumping Daniel, Ellen decides to accept Daniel's marriage proposal and soon weds him, delighted with his wedding gift of a purple velvet Victorian style couch. Not long into their marriage Ellen's hopes of a having a family are forced out of the picture when Daniel reveals he doesn't want children. Despite being married, Daniel is still womanizing and gambling excessively . After a confrontation with Daniel after she discovers he has been cheating on her, Ellen walks out and goes to the pub to think things over where she meets heavily pregnant Cora. Despite their obvious differences immediately become friends and Ellen even becomes Cora's coach as she goes into hospital to give birth to her son Sam. A year and a half later, Cora is given a night of freedom from her children when her parents offer to babysit, and she goes to the pub from which she calls Ellen's house to try and convince her friend to join her; Daniel however picks up the phone as Ellen is out. Daniel shows up at the pub to deliberately seduce Cora fully aware that the woman doesn't know what he looks like. After the one night stand, Cora is horrified when Daniel turns up at the café where she works and kisses Ellen in front of her; even more horrifying is the realization she has become pregnant once again, this time to her best-friend's husband. Although Cora decides to keep the child, Daniel decides he wants nothing to do with her, and refuses to even pay maintenance, leaving Cora once again a single mother with no additional income. Years pass, and Ellen and Daniel are going through a rather messy divorce which is left slightly easier by the fact he has taken off to Barbados. Regardless of the hurt he has caused her, Ellen is still undeniably in love with him and still fully unaware that her best friend's youngest son Col is the son of her husband. Cora on the other hand is struggling with life still, and still depressed over the horrible guilt she has never been able to reveal to her friend the truth of her son's paternity. After Daniel makes a return, Cora realises that she is running out of time to tell Ellen the truth and all her friends and neighbours who are fully aware of what Cora done years before urge her to be honest. While throwing a dinner party at her loft home, Ellen, Cora and some close neighbours become blindingly drunk, in which Cora finally confesses the truth at the dinner table. Humiliated, Ellen throws everyone out including Cora, and locks herself in her flat for days, becoming horribly depressed over the fact Cora had the son with Daniel that she herself had always wanted to have. Daniel returns to Ellen following the dinner party although he finds immediately that he is unwelcome and Ellen doesn't want anything to do with him anymore. In the meantime, Cora develops a relationship with Ellen's co-worker Stanley and begins to feel more confident within herself and what she wants from life after a near-death experience. Finally she works up the courage to go to Ellen and apologise. Regardless of their row, the two women manage to come to a mutual understanding just as Daniel bursts into the flat with a friend to remove the velvet couch he had given Ellen as a wedding present. After an argument between both women and Daniel ensues, Ellen forfeits the couch and throws Daniel and his friend out, immediately afterwards retrieving a bag from a cupboard which contains £25,000 which Daniel had won from gambling and stashed in the flat. Ellen splits the money, giving £13,000 of it to Cora to pay the maintenance Daniel had never paid for Col, and she takes the remaining money to the Book-keepers where she bets the lot on a no-chance horse. Seconds after leaving the Book-keepers she is approached by Daniel who has realised his mistake and is demanding his money back; Ellen hands him the betting slip and walks away with Cora, having finally got her revenge on him."] ['Rich and spoiled twenty something Jessie Montgomery  winds up in jail after a life of wild partying. Her father  decides he might have been better off without a daughter, and with that her "fairy godmother" Stella  appears and creates an existence where she must make it on her own. Jessie is then forced to find work as a maid for an eccentric rich couple . The film is an unusual variation on the Cinderella formula: the fairy godmother is not the means to a better life for the heroine but rather the nemesis. Stella is Jessie\'s primary obstacle to achieving her wish of regaining her old spoiled Beverly Hills lifestyle. In the end, however, through her experiences with the other people in the mansion  Jessie learns the true meaning of love, friendship, and self-respect. When she chooses the happiness of her new friends over her own, she is rewarded with having her old life more or less returned to her.'] ["Beta is the story of Raju , the only child of a widowed multi-millionaire. Raju's father can provide him anything he wants, but Raju's only desire is to have a mother's love. To please him, his father gets married to Laxmi , thinking that she will take care of Raju. Raju becomes completely devoted to his stepmother, doing whatever she wishes. Raju's stepmother keeps Raju uneducated, under the pretext that education would get her son a job working for other people, while she wants her him to be self-employed. As he grows up, Raju's father is gradually isolated from the family and locked in a dark room of the family home, being labelled as mentally unstable. Raju, meanwhile, meets Saraswati . Raju sees her being abducted and assaulted at a fair. After he saves her, the two fall in love. Raju marries Saraswati after everyone in the village believes that she is no longer chaste. Saraswati discovers that Laxmi's motherly love for Raju is fake and all that Laxmi is interested in is capturing Raju's wealth. She is horrified to find Raju's father being treated as a mentally ill patient. Only after speaking to him does she realise that the reason for Raju's naive nature and uneducated status is because his stepmother manipulated him so that she can take advantage of him. Laxmi has another son from the father who is being educated but also seeks Raju's wealth which his mother Laxmi intends for him to inherit. And thus begins a battle within the household between daughter-in-law and mother-in-law which involves Saraswati trying to outdo Laxmi. Initially, Saraswati allows Raju's father to come out of his prison and insists that there is nothing wrong with him. She voices her concerns to Raju about his mother, resulting in Saraswati being slapped repeatedly around the courtyard of the house in front of all the family members. Saraswati is ready to leave but wisely decides to apologise to her mother-in-law, only to take an oath to protect her husband and her house from Laxmi's immoral intentions. This humiliation does not deter Saraswati who cleverly starts exposing Laxmi's every step in a dignified manner for the sake of her husband. She publically exposes the fact that Raju's younger step-brother has not received a degree in Medicine, rather that he has bought a fake one. She gives Laxmi a taste of her own medicine by causing her to slip which leads to an over-protective Raju to look after her and not allow her to do anything but lay down &mdash; scuppering any plans Laxmi intends to execute. Upon discovering that Saraswati is pregnant, Laxmi decides that enough is enough and tries to kill Saraswati by mixing poison with saffron that Laxmi will mix with her milk. However, when Saraswati discovers this, she approaches Raju and tells him the truth once again. Raju refuses to believe her, even when she takes an oath upon her unborn child's life and decides to prove Saraswati wrong by offering to drink the poisoned milk himself. Only when Raju begins to cough up blood, does he realise that Saraswati was telling the truth. He confronts his mother in his usual innocent manner and asks her why she had forsaken him; he tells her that, had she simply asked him for his wealth, he would have happily agreed to give her all he had. He tells Laxmi that his dying wish will be that he would request his mother to at least once with a clean heart to call him 'her son', so that he may die in peace. His words touch Laxmi deeply and she realises the cruelty that she has shown the only son who has ever loved her. There is a brief altercation between Laxmi and her real son who still wishes to procure Raju's wealth. Raju, in his deteriorating state still manages to save his mother from his step-brother. The film concludes with Raju recovering following treatment and agreeing to give up his worldly possessions to his mother and leaving home with his wife and father. At the last moment, Laxmi begs him not to leave, claiming to have learnt the error of her ways; she tears up the property papers and tells him that she does not want his wealth, all she wants is 'her son' and nothing more."] ['Seeking to improve herself, Ivy Moore, an African-American maid, announces her decision to leave her job working for the Austin family and go to secretarial school. The Austins are desperate to keep her and the teenagers, Gena and Tim, hatch a scheme to do so. Tim Austin sets up Ivy with Jack Parks, a trucking company executive, to wine and dine Ivy Moore. He hopes that the introduction of excitement in her life will dissuade her from leaving the family. Tim Austin persuades a reluctant Jack Parks to date her by threatening to reveal his illegal gambling casino. Their initial meetings are awkward for the cosmopolitan Parks and the less sophisticated Moore. Eventually, however, romance blossoms, but when Moore learns that Parks was coerced into initially dating her, she breaks up with him. Parks overcomes his attachment to bachelorhood and asks Moore to marry him. She accepts.'] ['Flora Poste , a young orphan in the 1920s, moves in with her eccentric and backward relatives, the Starkadders. The Starkadders live in a run-down farm off the beaten track in Sussex. Flora decides to rehabilitate and modernise them. She first removes the head of the family , an amateur preacher with his own entourage of timid followers, by encouraging him to go on a preaching tour. This leaves the farm in the far more capable hands of his elder son. She introduces the very lusty and handsome younger son to an American film producer, and so gets rid of him as well. She marries off the poetry-addicted gypsy daughter after coaching her in manners, deportment and fashion. She connects the chronically-depressed mother  with a famed psychiatrist, who takes a great interest in her. The greatest challenge is her domineering Aunt Ada Doom, whom she eventually convinces to go on a tour of Europe.'] ["Spoiled, pompous, self-involved Henry Graham has a big problem: he has run through his entire inheritance and is completely unequipped to provide for himself. His childhood guardian, Uncle Harry, refuses to give him a dime. Henry, unwilling to exercise the only solution he can think of—suicide—devises a plan with the help of his imaginative butler Harold. He can obtain money the old-fashioned way—he can marry it. With a loan from Uncle Harry to tide him over, Henry has just six weeks to find a rich bride and repay the money. Otherwise he must forfeit all of his property to his uncle. Desperation sets in as Henry's attempts to meet a suitable mate all fail. With only days remaining on his deadline, Henry bumps into clumsy, painfully shy heiress Henrietta Lowell. She is the answer to his prayers. Henrietta's suspicious lawyer is a problem for Henry, as is his own distaste for marriage. He considers the latter to be a temporary inconvenience, however, since he plans to do away with his new wife as soon as possible. Murder never far from his mind, Henry takes charge of his wife's life. He reorganizes her household staff, which has been taking advantage of her timidity and naivete. Henrietta is completely disorganized and welcomes Henry's guidance. A botany professor, Henrietta discovers a new species of tree fern and names it after him. She loves Henry and invites him to join her on a canoe trip to a remote area. Henry sees his opportunity to rid himself of Henrietta forever, knowing she cannot swim. The plan works perfectly; the canoe overturns and Henrietta is swept away down the river. But as soon as Henry swims to safety, the first thing he finds is a tree fern of the type Henrietta named after him. At this moment he comes to the realization that he has fallen in love with his victim. He quickly rescues Henrietta and resigns himself to his unexpected fate as a happily married man."] ["Richard Babson and Paula McCullen are a couple of Hollywood screenwriters who have lived and worked together for a number of years. Richard would like to get married, but Paula doesn't feel the need. Having just written a film script for producer Larry Weissman, the couple decides to get married without letting anyone else know. Paula can tell it is important to Richard, so she reluctantly agrees. They are wed in a downtown Los Angeles marriage bureau by a man named Jorge Medina in barely understandable English. For a honeymoon trip, they travel cross-country by train to inform their parents back East about what they have just done. The first stop is Buffalo, New York, where they are met in a winter snowstorm by Paula's parents. Eleanor and Tim McCullen are old-fashioned, so Paula informs Richard that they will need to sleep in separate beds. Richard isn't happy about being treated like a child, or about the frigid climate and the constantly open window. From there they go to Virginia to visit Richard's parents, who reside in a giant high-rise condominium. No window is ever opened there, and Paula, feeling increasing panic attacks, is in dire need of some fresh air. She also accidentally overdoses on Valium and goes face-first into a salad at lunch. The Babsons excitedly believe that Paula and Richard are engaged but devastated to learn that they are already married. They throw a party at a restaurant, where Paula is upset by the comments of guests. She and Richard are barely on speaking terms when Larry Weissman shows up, desperate for pages of a script rewrite. Paula insists that they return home to California immediately, but once there, their personal and professional relationship has soured. Larry locks them in a room, where the writers bicker and get no work done. Paula again demands fresh air until Richard breaks a window. When they finally talk it through, they are in agreement that getting married might not have been the best idea. They finish the rewrite and then walk off into the sunset, which turns out to be a Hollywood prop.  The film's theme song, How Do You Keep the Music Playing?, was composed by Michel Legrand with lyrics by Alan and Marilyn Bergman. In the film, the song  is first heard as Richard and Paula return to Los Angeles after their honeymoon and then subsequently heard during the closing credits. How Do You Keep the Music Playing? was nominated for an Academy Award and has enjoyed a life of its own beyond the film, becoming a popular standard and recorded by such luminaries and Tony Bennett, Frank Sinatra, Barbra Streisand and Céline Dion."] ['Paula McFadden  learns she has been dumped by her married boyfriend Tony DeForrest and that he has sublet the Manhattan apartment she lives in with her ten-year-old daughter Lucy . Elliot Garfield , a neurotic but sweet aspiring actor from Chicago, shows up shortly thereafter in the middle of the night, expecting to live there, as he now rents the apartment. Though Paula is demanding, and makes clear from the start that she doesn\'t like Elliot, he allows her and Lucy to stay. Paula struggles to get back into shape to try to resume her career as a dancer. Meanwhile, Elliot has his own problems. He has landed the title role in an off-off-Broadway production of Richard III, but the director, Mark , wants him to play the character as an exaggerated stereotype of a homosexual, in Mark\'s words, "the queen who wanted to be king." Reluctantly, Elliot agrees to play the role, despite full knowledge that it may mean the end of his career as an actor. Many theater critics from television stations and newspapers in New York City attend opening night, and they all savage the production, especially Elliot\'s performance. The play quickly closes, much to his relief. Despite their frequent clashes, Paula and Elliot fall in love and sleep together. Lucy, however, begins to dislike Elliot, seeing the affair as a repeat of what happened with Tony, who had also slept with Paula, but then left her. Soon after, Elliot is offered a fantastic opportunity for a role in a movie that he cannot turn down. The only catch is that the job is in Seattle and Elliot will be gone for four weeks. Paula is informed of this and is scared that Elliot is leaving her, never to return, like all the other men in her life. Desperate to make her believe him that he will return, at the last minute, Elliot invites Paula to go with him while he is filming the picture and suggests Lucy stay with a friend until they return. Paula declines, but is happy because she knows Elliot\'s invitation is evidence that he loves her and will come back. As he leaves for the trip, Paula realizes that he left his prized guitar behind purposely, signaling that he indeed will return, and that he really does love her.'] ['Lawyer Donald Kenneth "Deke" Gentry  is given the task of playing matchmaker for the three daughters of his wealthy client Chloe Brasher .'] ["Hong Kong: one week in one of the most exotic and picturesque cities of the world. The movie follows six characters whose lives are all connected in one way or another. The day of changes comes when Amaya  meets a charming Englishman, Paul. Their encounter dramatically changes Amaya's perception of her cultural and personal identity. Their lives change forever. But one thing remains universal, love."] ['Chicago Examiner reporter Hildy Johnson has just quit his job in order to marry Peggy Grant and start a new career when, shortly prior to his scheduled execution, convicted revolutionary Earl Williams escapes from death row in the Cook County Jail and secretes himself in a rolltop desk in the Criminal Court Building press room. In reality, Earl is an impoverished, bumbling leftist with a penchant for stuffing fortune cookies with messages demanding the release of Sacco and Vanzetti, but the yellow press of Chicago has painted him as a dangerous threat from Moscow and as a result the city\'s citizens are anxious to see him put to death. Mollie Malloy, the condemned man\'s girlfriend and a self-described "$2 whore from Division Street", reveals his hiding place to Hildy, who is unable to resist the lure of what could be the biggest scoop of his soon-to-be-over career in journalism. Ruthless, egomaniacal managing editor Walter Burns, desperate to keep Hildy on the job, encourages him to stay and cover the story. When Earl is in danger of being discovered, Mollie creates a distraction by leaping from the third-floor window, which she does survive with a few injuries. When Earl is caught, Hildy and Walter are arrested for aiding and abetting a fugitive but are released when they discover the mayor and sheriff had colluded to keep secret a last-minute pardon of Earl by the governor. Walter grudgingly accepts the fact he is losing his ace reporter and presents him with a watch as a token of his appreciation. Hildy and Peggy set off to get married, and Walter telegraphs the next railway station to alert them to the fact the man who stole his watch is on the inbound train and should be apprehended by the police.'] ["Arjun ([[Dileep  is a young athlete who is all set to create history with his speed and spirits. He is presently going through tough times, mentally and financially following his father's demise. He has got a share of tension for his family who badly needs him to keep them going. Finally with the support of some of his friends, he decided to go back to college and pursue his dream and career. Everyone in the campus except Tinu , who was the unchallenged hero hailing from bigger family, welcomed Arjun's comeback. Arjun who made consistent performances on the track put Tinu on the back seat, as Arjun become the heartthrob of many within a short time. These defeats were more than something Tinu could handle and started taking it on Arjun on a very personal level apart from sporting spirits. This leads to nasty street fights between the two which resulted in the principal  calling both of them for talks. The principal challenges them both to take it on the field rather than going at each other. And both then prepares to settle the scores in the big race that follows."] ['Halley Marie Martin  is a 17-year-old high school student who is disillusioned with love after seeing many dysfunctional relationships around her. Her parents are now divorced and her father, Len Martin , a radio talk show host, has a new young girlfriend that the entire family despises; mainly because she\'s the reason for the divorce. Her mother, Lydia , is now always alone while her sister, Ashley, is so overwhelmed by her upcoming wedding with Louis Worscher that she barely exists in the house anymore. On top of that, the shallowness of all the girls and guys at her school convinces Halley that finding true love is impossible. When Halley walks in on her best friend Scarlett having sex with her boyfriend, the high school soccer champ, Michael Sherwood, Halley tries to warn her of the complications that lie ahead. Ignoring her advice, Scarlett embarks on a summer fling with Michael. In the meantime, Halley must deal with Ashley and the rest of the Martins must deal with her soon-to-be in-laws, Louis\' overbearing Southern parents, who still have a maid, who just happens to be African-American. In the meantime, Halley runs into classmate Macon Forrester, a slacker who never shows up for biology and is more interested in having fun than school work. He is Michael Sherwood\'s best friend. Then a few weeks later, tragedy strikes. Michael dies of a heart defect on the soccer field while Halley, Scarlett and other classmates watch helplessly. This event changes the lives of Halley and Scarlett forever. While Scarlett does her best to look beautiful for Michael at his funeral, Macon gives a moving speech about his friend. Struggling with Michael\'s death, Scarlett, at age sixteen, soon learns that she is pregnant with his child. With Halley at her side, Scarlett reveals the pregnancy to her mother. Halley\'s father, Len Martin, marries his mistress, Lorna, in a beach-side ceremony, with guests from all over the world, or "within his radio frequency", as Halley puts it. Halley and Macon eventually start a relationship. He takes her to his and Michael\'s favorite hangout and once come close to having sex. Halley and her mother get into an argument and on New Year\'s Eve, Halley sneaks out with Macon to a party. Again, they come very close to having sex but this time Halley stops it and Macon is upset. On their way home, they are both upset and distracted and hit a tree. Halley gets a broken arm, but otherwise they both walk away from it unharmed, but Halley breaks up with Macon saying that she can\'t wait around for him to grow up. Later things go awry when Halley finds Ashley drunk on the family\'s front porch. Finding a male stripper\'s thong around her neck, Halley witnesses the break-up of her sister\'s engagement. She also learns that her mother sneaks out once a week to have sex with a man she met a couple of weeks previous, Steve. After another make-up, Lewis proposes to Ashley again, this time at a crowded airport: she says yes. On the day of Ashley and Lewis\' wedding, Macon bursts into Len\'s radio studio, professing his apologies and love to Halley. He then heads to the wedding. On the way, he finds Scarlett, who insisted on walking to the wedding, going into labor on the side of the road. He puts her in the car and walks into the wedding, getting Halley\'s attention. The three rush to the hospital, leaving Scarlett\'s mother behind in the rush. While Scarlett is having her baby, Halley makes a list of all the little things she hates about Macon, the way his hair falls over his face, the way his voice gets low when it serious, the way he bites his lip when he\'s nervous and the way his eyebrow twitches. Halley playfully uses Macon\'s \'Jedi Mind Trick\' and they kiss and dance briefly in the hallway. The movie ends as Halley and Macon embrace and we see that Scarlett gave birth to a baby boy.'] ["The plot centers around the Marchetta sisters, Tanzie  and Ava , rich, spoiled Hollywood socialites who enjoy material things such as shopping and dating, rather than caring about their late father's cosmetics company. When a major media scandal involving one of the company's products turns into an investigation, the girls find their assets frozen and must adjust to life without their fortune. Just when it seems like things could not get any worse, disaster strikes again. When a fire starts in their home, Ava quickly takes all her clothes while Tanzie, caring about her father more, takes with her his TiVo and some clothes. They are tempted to listen to their advisors and sell the company to their biggest competitor, Fabiella , for over $60 million each. Though this means that they could return to the lifestyle they were accustomed to, they decide to honor their father's memory by trying to turn it around themselves. Finding inspiration in Erin Brockovich, the girls decide to get to the root of the scandal. They use their good looks and charming personalities to win the case and prove their father's innocence. In the end, the girls successfully manage to clear the Marchetta name and reclaim the company. Nearly six months after the scandal began, the girls are seen leading the company, with Ava as the CEO and Tanzie working as a lab technician, with them both finding their true loves - for Tanzie, lab technician Rick and for Ava, lawyer Henry."] ['Wyatt Trips  is a student at Twin Cities College, Minneapolis, Minnesota. He is in a long-distance relationship with his high school girlfriend, Kimberly Jasney , who is currently a student at the University of Memphis. Trips loves Kim, even though they have never consummated their relationship. One day when Trips calls Kim, her roommate\'s reply leads him to believe that Kim is cheating on him with some guy named "The Ricker". Heartbroken, he goes to a strip club, gets drunk and becomes acquainted with one of the club\'s dancers, Ivy Miller . She suggests to Trips that he get back at Kim by sending her an abusive letter and a topless picture of himself with Ivy. Trips complies by sending the package through Global Express, an overnight delivery service. The next morning, Trips discovers that "The Ricker" is, in fact, Kim\'s girlfriend\'s dog whom Kim had to dogsit. Regretting his mistake, he realizes he has 24 hours to retrieve the package before it gets to her. Trips and Ivy go to the Global Express office where, by chance, they encounter a spiteful classmate of Trips\'  who refuses to help them. Trips tries to talk the deliveryman  into giving him the package, but he thinks Trips is a spy for the company, and refuses to break the rules. Trips buys an air ticket to Memphis, but his co-passenger turns out to be a serial killer, John Dwayne Beezly , who takes him hostage. Trips escapes and runs into Ivy on the road. Fearing that if he went back to the airport, FBI would question him and he would not make it to Memphis in time, he begs Ivy to drive him all the way. They happen upon the Global Express delivery truck at a gas station. Trips breaks into the truck and locates the package, but the truck unexpectedly drives off. Ivy gives chase but despite their efforts they fail to retrieve the package. At their next stop, Des Moines, Iowa, airport officials do not allow Trips to board the connecting flight. So they decide to travel to St. Louis, Missouri to board another connecting flight. En route to St. Louis they have an argument which leads to an accident which ends up with their vehicle falling into the river. They have dinner in a cowboy diner and then try to run out on the check, but get arrested. After posting bail, they are let off and once again happen upon the delivery truck outside a diner. While the deliveryman is having dinner, Trips decides to empty the truck\'s gas tank in order to stall him, but a carelessly flung cigarette butt sets fire to the gas and causes the truck to explode. But even that doesn\'t stop the deliveryman  and he drives off. Trips and Ivy then steal a drunk\'s car and drive to Kim\'s campus. After saying goodbye to Ivy, Trips gives chase to the delivery man and stops him in time. But after meeting Kim, Trips suddenly realizes that he loves Ivy and not Kim. After breaking up with her, he runs into another guy who is wearing the same kind of locket that Kim gifted to him long back. Trips correctly surmises that the guy is none other than "The Ricker" and Kim was cheating on him after all. He allows the delivery man to deliver the package, and confesses his love to Ivy, who kisses him passionately.'] ['Rico Suave  is the ultimate ladies\' man. In the bayside market where he works, he is constantly grilled by his four quirky friends  for "Suave" tips. Soon they find out that Rico has a problem: when he gets intimate with a girl, his entire body freezes. Rico is miserable. In an effort to help their friend, the F-Poor enlist the services of Venus Marte , a sexy con artist. Convinced that Rico is a potential goldmine to exploit, Venus agrees to take on the job. Sparks fly as Venus tries to snare Rico. But, when she finds herself genuinely falling for him, she is caught in a dilemma. Will there be a way out of this rut for Venus? Can Rico regain his old charm as Mr. Suave?'] ['Raj Malhotra  ([[Govinda , a detective, goes on a European trip to help his friend Sanjay Khanna  prove that his wife is having an extramarital affair. Khanna and his wife Anjali  think that their counterpart is cheating on their relationship and each of them want proof to easily file for divorce. They stop living in the same house and believe their spouse has gone to Europe with their boyfriend/girlfriend. Anjali sends her friend , who shares the same name, on this trip to get information regarding her husband. In a mix-up of different identities, Raju and Anjali fall in love and then, eventually, solve their misunderstandings. This movie is inspired by the 1948 musical romantic comedy film Romance on the High Seas.'] ["Dwight Putnum  has just asked Kendall Gordon  for the 10th time to marry him, but Kendall is still unwilling to commit. She has this idea that the perfect man for her is still out there. Vampire Zachary Simms  Dwight hires Vinnie Helsting  Nerissa  shows up wanting Zachary back. Zachary starts working the night shift in the data entry department. One night he discovers $1,300,000 that has been moving from department to department in small increments. Dwight rewards him for his find by making him an executive vice president and giving him a company car. Within a short time, Zachary is using his bloodthirsty skills to put the bite on potential clients, proving that he can make a killing in the business. Unfortunately, he's spending less and less time with Kendall and becoming more and more of a yuppie. When Zachary suggests to the board of directors a plan that will increase their profits 30% each year for 100 years, they make him chief executive officer of the company, which effectively puts Dwight out of a job. While Zachary is rapidly moving up the ladder, Helsting can't find anything on him. No birth certificate, no credit cards, no paper trail, so he begins tailing Zachary wherever he goes, taking photographs, and casing the house Zachary shares with Kendall. One night, when no one is home, Helsting enters the house, notices the secret door in the fireplace, and discovers the crypt and Zachary's coffin. While there, he overhears Zachary's message machine taking a phone call. 'Hello. I can't come to the phone right now. I'm dead.' Then Nerissa comes on, warning Zachary to be careful so that Dwight doesn't find out what Zachary really is. Helsting puts two and two together and figures it out...Zachary is a vampire. It looks like Zachary is about to be defanged. Dwight wants his business back. Kendall says Zachary was more human when he was a vampire and wants him out of her life. Nerissa says that the only solution is to 'revamp' him, so she gets the process started by biting him on the neck. Dwight takes back his business, setting up Zachary as a consultant with a perpetual income that will make him rich for centuries. Kendall informs Zachary that she is pregnant with his baby and agrees to allow him to 'vampirize' her when the baby is old enough to understand. Nerissa agrees to become the baby's godmother and buy her pretty dresses or take him to Mets nightgames"] ['After getting dumped by his girlfriend Tiffani von der Sloot , University of Arizona student Caleb Peterson  commiserates with his roommate Kyle , who notes that while he has trouble getting the men he wants, he could get any woman because he\'s gay. Later at a party, Gwen Anderson  dumps her boyfriend after he comes out to her. Caleb sees her and becomes infatuated and meets Marc Everhard , with whom Kyle is infatuated. Marc, meanwhile, sees Caleb and is instantly attracted. Kyle comes up with a crazy scheme. He tells Gwen that Caleb is gay so she\'ll set him up with Marc. Kyle figures that Caleb can use Marc to get to Gwen, while Kyle uses Caleb to get to Marc. Also, Tiffani lives next door to Gwen and Marc so seeing Caleb date Marc would make her crazy. Caleb and Marc go out on a date then go back to Marc\'s place to watch a movie. Marc tries to put the moves on Caleb, who\'s unresponsive. Suddenly Gwen, who\'s stuck at a friend\'s house and bored, calls. She talks to Caleb, relaxing and seducing him verbally while Marc takes advantage by performing oral sex on him. Gwen hangs up to come home and Marc masturbates next to Caleb. Caleb, feeling confused and insecure, leaves. He passes Gwen on her way home and she seduces him again, this time physically. Caleb goes home and goes to bed. The next morning, Marc calls Caleb and leaves a message. Kyle overhears it and realizes that Marc and Caleb had sex. As Kyle storms into his room, Marc calls back. After the call Caleb goes to Kyle and tells him he\'s invited Gwen and Marc to dinner to clear everything up. Caleb also tells Kyle that he knows Kyle has feelings for him and that, if Caleb were at all gay, he\'d love Kyle. Gwen and Marc come over for dinner and Caleb is chagrined to see that Kyle\'s invited Caleb\'s family as well. Kyle convinces Gwen to "pretend" to be Caleb\'s date and Marc to "pretend" to be his. Dinner is going well, if a little awkwardly, until Tiffani inexplicably crashes the party. Gwen takes it upon herself to out Caleb to his parents . His parents take it quite well and everyone ends up in a bizarre group hug. After Caleb\'s family and Tiffani leave, Gwen verbally attacks Kyle, thinking he\'s trying to steal Marc from Caleb. Caleb convinces Marc to talk to Kyle and Gwen figures out the entire scheme, which she thinks is the sweetest thing anyone\'s ever done for her in light of the lengths to which Caleb went to sleep with her. Marc goes to talk to Kyle and tells Kyle that he loved him all along . In a post-credits scene, Marc and Kyle finally get together.'] ['George Murray has been dating his girlfriend Jane Gardner for a while now, and is ready to propose. But Jane can’t bring herself to marry again after her first husband Doug broke her heart by cheating on her with the wedding coordinator. Desperately in love, George wishes things were different: that he had met Jane before she married Doug, making her not so jaded. After a car accident, George finds himself exactly ten years back in time, just a few days before Doug and Jane’s wedding. He goes to her work, which is at a building for the Don\'t Throw Away newspaper, and Jane "meets" him. George also gets revenge on a guy at work who took  Harvey\'s plans and caused him not to get the promotion he\'d been wanting. Jane\'s friend, Mary Brown, knows all about Doug cheating on Jane, but she can\'t bring herself to tell Jane. She and George talk about it and plan to get Jane to find out about Doug and the wedding coordinator. Mary wants Jane to go with George, since she despises Doug for cheating on her best friend. At Doug and Jane\'s wedding, Jane figures out about Doug and dumps him for George. They run off in his car, getting chased the whole time by Doug. They get into a minor crash and George wakes up ten years into the future, from where he is. He and Jane are married and are celebrating their 10th anniversary with a renewal of their vows. Mary got married to George\'s friend, Harvey.'] ["Sam Davis  convinces his former best friend to spend a weekend with him to rekindle their friendship at an elegant beachside estate owned by a famous documentary filmmaker . It soon becomes clear that Sam is secretly infatuated with the filmmaker's fiancée, Zoe , and that his true intention is to thwart their impending nuptials. As Sam's plan begins to unravel, he is forced to realize how complicated love and friendship can be."] ['Gautham ([[Suriya  is a restaurant owner. He dislikes the idea of young couples flirting with each other in the name of "love". His close friend Kannan , on the other hand, is just the opposite. He introduces himself as an employed bachelor to every girl he meets on the road. Kannan falls in love with a young girl Maha . Unfortunately, Kannan\'s marriage is arranged with his cousin Sandhya . Neither Kannan nor Sandhya are interested in the proposal. When Gautham talks to Sandhya on behalf of Kannan and explains her that his friend is in love with someone else, Sandhya tells Gautham that she too is not interested in marrying Kannan. She even says that her dream is to marry someone like Gautham. Gautham\'s disbelief in love fades out after meeting Sandhya. He falls in love with her. But, there is an interesting twist in the movie and it is not the usual climax you might expect to see.'] ['Ryan Bingham  works for the Career Transitions Corporation . He makes his living traveling to workplaces around the United States and informing workers of their dismissals in place of their employers, who fear doing it themselves. Ryan also delivers motivational speeches, using the metaphor "What\'s In Your Backpack?" to extol the virtues of a life free of burdens like relationships with people as well as things, arguing that the best way to live is to travel light, with little to hold one down. Ryan relishes his perpetual travels. Already entitled to Concierge Key program by American Airlines, his personal ambition is to earn ten million frequent flyer miles. While traveling, he meets another frequent flyer, Alex . They begin a casual relationship, meeting whenever they can arrange to cross paths. Ryan is unexpectedly called back to CTC\'s offices in Omaha, Nebraska. An ambitious, freshly graduated new hire, Natalie Keener , is promoting a plan to cut costs by conducting layoffs via videoconferencing. Ryan argues that Natalie knows nothing about the actual process, live or not, as she has never fired anyone and does not know how to handle upset people. He plays the role of a fired employee to show her inexperience. His boss  assigns him to take Natalie with him on his next round of terminations, much to his annoyance. Throughout the rounds, Natalie is visibly disturbed by firing people face to face. As they travel together and become better acquainted, Natalie questions Ryan\'s philosophy, but he is satisfied with his lifestyle. During the trip, Natalie is shattered when her boyfriend unceremoniously dumps her by text message. Ryan and Alex try to comfort her. Natalie later lectures Ryan about his refusal to consider a commitment to Alex in spite of their obvious compatibility, and becomes infuriated; she apologizes later, but soon afterwards they are ordered back to Omaha to begin implementing Natalie\'s program. There are problems during a test run; one laid-off man breaks down in tears before the camera, and she is unable to comfort him. Instead of returning immediately to Omaha, Ryan convinces Alex to accompany him to his younger sister Julie\'s  wedding near Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Julie had him  take photos of a cutout picture of her and future husband Jim ([[Danny McBride  in various places because they cannot afford a honeymoon trip. When Jim gets cold feet, Ryan\'s older sister talks Ryan into using his motivational skills to persuade Jim to go through with it. Although this runs counter to Ryan\'s personal philosophy of non-commitment, he persuades Jim that "everyone needs a co-pilot" and the important moments in life are rarely unshared. The wedding takes place without any further problems. Ryan begins having second thoughts about his own life. As he starts to deliver his "What\'s In Your Backpack?" speech at a convention in Las Vegas, he realizes he no longer believes it and walks off the stage. On an impulse, he flies to Alex\'s home in Chicago, Illinois. When she opens the door, he is stunned to discover she is a married woman with children; Ryan leaves without saying a word. She later tells him on the phone that her family is her real life and he is simply an escape. When she asks him what he wants out of their relationship, he is unable to answer. On his flight home, the crew announces that Ryan has just crossed the ten-million-mile mark. The airline\'s chief pilot  comes out of the cockpit to meet Ryan. He notes that Ryan is the youngest person to reach the milestone; Ryan, who had been preparing for that moment for a long time, shows little emotion. Back in his office, Ryan calls the airline to transfer five hundred thousand miles each to the newlyweds, enough for them to fly around the world for their honeymoon. His boss then tells Ryan that a woman he and Natalie fired has killed herself by jumping off a bridge, just as she warned them she would, and that when Natalie found out, she quit via text message. Ryan claims to have no memory of the employee making this threat. The company puts the remote-layoff program on hold because of government concerns, and Ryan is once again "back on the road". Natalie applies for a job in San Francisco, California. The interviewer is puzzled as to why she chose to work for CTC, given her sterling qualifications; she tells him she followed a boy. Based on a glowing recommendation from Ryan, he hires her. The film concludes with Ryan standing in front of a vast destination board, looking up, and letting go of his luggage.'] ['The film is set in a remote and forgotten desert mountain village in the former Soviet Union, and chronicles a standoff between the sexes: the local women decide to withhold sex until their lazy men fix the pipeline that carries the village’s water supply. Young lovers Aya and Temelko are caught up in the argument and Temelko becomes determined to fix the pipeline so he can be with her.'] ['The main focus of Where the Boys Are is the "coming of age" of four collegiate girls during spring vacation. Merritt Andrews, the smart and assertive leader of the quartet, expresses the opinion as the film opens that premarital sex might be okay. Her speech eventually inspires the insecure Melanie Tolman to lose her virginity soon after the young women arrive in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida. Tuggle Carpenter, on the other hand, seeks to be a "baby-making machine", lacking only the man to join her in marriage. Angie rounds out the group as a girl acting rather clumsily when it comes to romance. The girls find their beliefs challenged throughout the film. Merritt, a freshman meets the suave Ivy Leaguer Ryder Smith, a senior at Brown and realizes she\'s not ready for sex. Melanie discovers that Frank, the boy from Yale she thought loved her, was only using her. Tuggle quickly fixes her attention on the goofy TV Thompson, a junior at Michigan State, but becomes disillusioned when he becomes enamored of the older woman Lola Fandango who works as a "mermaid" swimmer/dancer. Angie stumbles into love with the eccentric jazz musician Basil. Merritt, Tuggle and Angie\'s adolescent relationship angst quickly evaporates when they discover Melanie in a distressed state. Although not mentioned directly, the set up of the scene in which Melanie leaves a motel, with a torn dress and in a serious state of shock, strongly suggests she was sexually assaulted. She ends up in the hospital. Now sobered up from the spring break joy, the friends realize the potentially serious consequences of their physical actions and resolve to act in a more responsible, mature manner. The film ends on a melancholy note, with Melanie recovering in the hospital while Merritt looks after her, with promises to continue a long-distance relationship with Ryder who offers to drive them back to their college.'] ["The film begins in a flashback from the titular character, Antoine. We are introduced to his fixation with female hairdressers which began at a young age. The film uses flashbacks throughout and there are frequent parallels drawn with the past. Though Antoine tells Mathilde that 'the past is dead', his life is evidence that on some level the past repeats itself. As a young boy he fantasised about a hairdresser who committed suicide and as a man in his 50s he begins an affair with a hairdresser which ends after ten years in her suicide. However there are differences, Mathilde commits suicide because she is so happy she is afraid of the happiness she has found with Antoine ending. We are unsure what Antoine has done with his life; we know, however, that he has fulfilled his childhood ambition: to marry a haidresser. The reality proves to be every bit as wonderful as the fantasy and the two enjoy an enigmatic, enclosed and enchanting relationship. The final sequence shows Antoine, in the salon, dancing to Eastern music just as he has done throughout his life. His last line is the enigmatic comment that the hairdresser will return."] ['Charles Nichols is a respected doctor. He is also a new widower, and as soon as he returns from a tropical vacation and period of mourning, he finds himself propositioned by a number of women. The hospital where Charley works is ineptly run by Dr. Amos Willoughby, a senile chief of staff. Typical of the incompetence there is the way a fractured jaw of patient Ann Atkinson is being treated by Willoughby with a primitive contraption. Charley frees her from the device, angering Willoughby for stealing a patient. Charley and his pal Dr. Norman Solomon know something needs to be done about Willoughby, but because the "old fart" now has a hold on him, Charley agrees to nominate Willoughby for one more term as the hospital\'s chief. The divorced Ann proves attractive to Charley. She is a bright conversationalist and bakes delicious cheesecake that she sells. Charley enjoys being with her and helps her land a job at the hospital, but with all the available women out there, he is reluctant to commit to a monogamous relationship. Ann finally persuades him to agree to a trial period of a few weeks. At the hospital, a botched diagnosis leads to the death of a wealthy owner of a baseball team. The widow, Ellen Grady, intends to sue for millions, saying the only thing she knows about medicine is that nobody at this place can practice it. Charley tries to charm her. They share a common background and Mrs. Grady is definitely interested in him. But she nonetheless adamantly refuses to drop the lawsuit, and when Charley neglects a date with Ann and shows up late with a lame excuse, she angrily hides his clothes while he showers. Ann also wants him to show some backbone in not nominating Willoughby for chief of medicine, but he does so anyway. Willoughby reneges on a promise to stop personally treating patients, however, so Charley takes back his nomination. He then does his best to win Ann back as well.'] ['The movie stars Maurice Chevalier, Claudette Colbert, Miriam Hopkins, Charles Ruggles and George Barbier. It is a romantic comedy concerning the love of a Princess for a soldier, and the love of the soldier for another woman. The Lieutenant  while standing in formation before a parade honoring the visiting royal family of Flausenthurm takes an opportunity to smile at his girlfriend in the crowd. Unfortunately the smile is intercepted by the Princess of Flausenthurm, and an international incident is narrowly avoided by having them marry. The Lieutenant sneaks away from his bride to wander the streets of Flausenthurm and discovers his girlfriend Franzi . The princess receives notice of this and decides to confront Franzi. After the initial confrontation, Franzi sees that the princess is in fact deeply in love with the lieutenant, and decides to save the marriage by giving the princess a makeover  The results are a complete success as the Lieutenant follows his satin-clad, cigarette-puffing bride into the bedroom and closes the door — only to open it and give the audience a last song and a suggestive wink.'] ['Jason Ritter plays a video store clerk who works persistently to draw out a reclusive woman, played by Marianna Palka who often comes to the video store where he works and rents soft-core porn. Eventually, despite his strong optimism, her dislike of sex and resulting defensiveness drives them apart. It is revealed toward the end of the film that her dislike of both sex and relationships was fueled by sexual abuse at the hands of her father. It is implied throughout the film that this began early in her life, and continued into her adolescence. This abuse and most likely its large amounts of evidence are what causes her father to take care of all her needs such as her apartment, food, and other expenses. The film ends with a confrontation with her father, and ultimately Ritter\'s character reuniting with her, implying that she is prepared to be in a relationship with him. The film contains cameo appearances by Elisabeth Waterston and Katherine Waterston, daughters of Law & Order star and veteran actor, Sam Waterston. Tom Arnold has a short but significant role as "The Dick". Jason Ritter\'s brother Tyler Ritter has a brief appearance, Nancy Morgan also makes an appearance as a waitress. Bryce Dallas Howard and husband Seth Gabel also make cameo appearances.'] ['Luis , 43, happily single, mollycoddled by his family , has a successful career as a perfumer and an easy life. Tired of taking care of him, the G7 decide he should get married within a year. The problem is Luis does not want any kind of serious relationship since they ruined his first true love. After turning down all the girls introduced to him, he gets an idea: "rent" his best friend\'s sister, Emma , turn her into the perfect bride-to-be, and make her not show up on their wedding day. That way, Luis thinks his family will leave him alone. Unfortunately for him, his family likes Emma and blames him when she apparently jilts him at the altar. He then comes up with an alternate plan to have Emma act horribly towards his family so they will not like her any more. The two begin to fall in love so Luis finally stands up to his family, confesses his schemes and finally settles down with Emma.'] ["Three plots in three different historical periods—prehistoric times, ancient Rome, and modern times —are intercut to prove the point that men's love for woman have not significantly changed throughout history. In all three plots, characters played by Buster Keaton and Wallace Beery compete for the attention of the same woman, played by Margaret Leahy."] ["To win the celebrity and self-made wealth he craves, an aimless, twenty-something Manhattan playboy devises a film based on his party-boy, club-going lifestyle, and hires a self-destructive aspiring playwright to ghost the feature script. As the mismatched pair struggles to complete the script and get a handle on their misdirected lives, they reveal the sometimes comedic, sometimes tragic behaviors of 'Generation Y'- a generation taught to believe each was incomparably special and messianically gifted. Though they begin to vie for the affections of the same girl, and their chance at success and happiness threatens to crumble, they ultimately each find their own, unique life truths."] ['{{Unreferenced section}} Poor Andy, all he wants to do is get to town and continue to woo his girl and ask her hand in marriage. Andrew "Andy" Hardy met his sweetheart Kay Wilson in college, but has since served in the military and is now being discharged. Getting back to Kay may be the hardest thing of them all to accomplish. He arrives in town alright, but things start to go awry from there. This was the next-to-last Andy Hardy film produced. The final installment, "Andy Hardy Comes Home", would be made 12 years later  in a failed attempt to revive the franchise. This film was also noteworthy for being the last to feature veteran character actor Lewis Stone as "Judge Hardy". Stone continued his career for the next seven years, making 10 more films until his death in 1953 at age 73.'] ['{{Expand section}} Three women and three men, all singles, with stressful or unhappy lives, register for an Italian course in a Danish village. The class serves as a way of bringing these various residents of the town, each of whom is dealing with loss or pain, out of their loneliness and into interactions with other people. When the teacher suffers a heart attack during class and ends up dying, the six classmates hold the class anyway and eventually take a vacation to Italy.'] ["{{Expand section}} Single father Bob Holcomb , is unhappy with his daughter JoJo's  choice of a husband-to-be, so he takes her on a trip to Sweden to distract her about her fiancee. Sweden turns out to be far more liberal sexually than the United States, so he starts thinking that marriage might not be too bad an idea after all. Comedic antics ensue."] ["Unaware of her co-worker's sexuality, Annie tries to seduce Ron. After learning she's pregnant, she moves in with him despite her discovery that he is gay and living with a boyfriend Nick. Together, the trio navigates their way through a minefield of romantic difficulties while discovering the true meaning of love."] ["The film is about Rahul , a middle class man, reveling in a job with extra earnings made by helping his boss deal with his multiple extra-marital affairs. His boss, Siddharth , is a lustful person who has deviously trapped a rich woman  and married her to own her huge property. Seema  is an ambitious young woman and an aspiring model. Rahul and Seema meet but Siddharth, too, falls for her and asks Rahul to help him trap her. A helpless Rahul does so. But deep somewhere, Rahul has a soft corner for Seema. Seema is impressed by Siddharth and is forced by him to act as Rahul's wife to fool Siddharth's wife. But Seema slowly understands Rahul's purity of heart and begins liking him when they go abroad for a shooting schedule. But they face a problem. Rahul's mother  is a heart patient and is sensitive to any shocking news. Bhushan  uses Rahul and tells his mother that Rahul is married. To keep his mother happy, Rahul and Seema are forced to carry the drama and they fall in love during the process. When Siddharth learns the reality, he fires Rahul. True love triumphs as Seema decides to let a luxurious life go for true love."] ["In Visitors from New York, Hannah Warren is a Manhattan workaholic who flies to Los Angeles to retrieve her teenaged daughter Jenny after she leaves home to live with her successful screenwriter father Bill. The bickering divorced couple is forced to decide what living arrangements are best for the girl. In Visitors from London, Diana Barrie is a British actress and a first-time nominee for the Academy Award for Best Actress, an honour that could jumpstart her faltering career, although she knows she doesn't have a chance of winning. She is in deep denial about the true nature of her marriage of convenience to Sidney Cochran, a once-closeted antique dealer who has become increasingly indiscreet about his sexual preference. As she prepares for her moment in the spotlight, her mood fluctuates from hope to panic to despair. In Visitors from Philadelphia, conservative middle-aged businessman Marvin Michaels awakens to discover a prostitute named Bunny - an unexpected gift from his brother Harry - unconscious in his bed. With his wife Millie on her way up to the suite, he must find a way to conceal all traces of his uncharacteristic indiscretion. In Visitors from Chicago, Dr. Chauncey Gump and his wife Lola and Dr. Willis Panama and his wife Bettina are taking a much-needed vacation together. Things begin to unravel quickly when everything seems to go wrong and the two men decide to settle their differences by engaging in a very competitive mixed doubles tennis match."] ["Julie Longwell, the owner of a hair salon in the town of Dobbs Mill, is paid a visit by a social worker who tells her that her son is looking for her. Julie is shocked by the news and in a series of flashbacks recalls the circumstances of her son being sent for adoption. As a teenager, Julie was going steady with Steve Carson, though the relationship had the disapproval of Julie's mother, Iva Mae. When Julie became pregnant, Iva Mae sent Julie to a special home for unwed mothers where she gave birth to a boy who was immediately sent away for adoption. When Julie returned home, she discovered that while she was gone, Steve had a breakdown, married another girl and enlisted in the Air Force. Although she was heartbroken over the loss of two of her loves, Julie eventually moved on with her life, but did not forget either one of them. In the present, Julie decides to meet with her son, despite her current family's protestations that the meeting would be too painful. When she does meet her son Scott, who is a minister, they bond immediately. Scott is also looking for his father, Steve, and Julie agrees to help him. She tracks Steve down to his office, and he ends up returning to Dobbs Mill to meet Julie in person. The pair spend the day exploring the town as they walk down memory lane together, and they discover that despite being apart for many years, they still have feelings for each other. Julie's grown-up daughter from a previous marriage disapproves this development, especially since Julie has recently become engaged to another man. Steve senses the disapproval and decides to leave Julie to her new life. Julie is disappointed with Steve's choice, but knows that she cannot marry her fiance when she still has feelings for another man, so she calls off the engagement. Scott, whose wife is pregnant, has a series of separate meetings with Julie and Steve, and comes to realize that they still have feelings for each other. Scott arranges a bowling event and invites both Julie and Steve without either knowing that the other will be there. Julie and Steve are forced to confront each other and accept that they are still in love with each other. On the day that Scott's wife gives birth to Julie and Steve's grandson, Steve proposes to Julie and she accepts. Julie and Steve are married in a church with their own son as the minister. Julie's grown-up daughter has by now given their union a blessing, as has Julie's mother, albeit reluctantly."] ["Everyone wants to meet Arlen Faber , the world famous author of the best-selling spiritual book Me and God, but crotchety, disgruntled Arlen simply wants to be left alone, and so far he's been successful at keeping his identity a secret. But all that changes when troubled bookstore owner Kris Lucas  discovers his home address and barters books for Arlen's words of wisdom, and a back injury leads the reclusive writer to date chiropractor and overprotective single mother Elizabeth . As Arlen's relationships with his newfound friends grow, he must come to terms with his past and the realization that he doesn't hold all the answers."] ['Businessman Clemson Reade  breaks his engagement with workaholic U.S. diplomat girlfriend Effie  for an adoring "old-fashioned" girl from the fictional country of Bukistan, Princess Tarji . Reade wants a wife who can "just find having babies and taking care of a man" pleasurable. While Reade tries to get closer to his bride-to-be, Effie, who has been assigned by the State Department to see that the marriage does not disturb a major oil deal with Bukistan, ends up educating the Princess about such Western ideas of the role of a wife and women\'s emancipation, while, simultaneously moderating some of her own ideas about making the happiness of her "man"  a primary concern. Grant\'s courtship of the Princess, which he attempts to conduct by "American" customs, must be adjusted to Bukistanian tradition, to protect the proposed oil deal. Effie explains to him that the marriage, called "hufi," is followed by a prolonged period of celebration called "bruchah." These terms are borrowed for comedic effect from the Jewish terms "huppah" -- the canopy beneath which the marriage ceremony takes place  and "Sheva \'bruchis\' or \'sheva brachot\'" - 7 blessings  that are recited as part of both the ceremony and a week-long celebration that follows.'] ['At the beginning of the film, Alex is a washed-up former pop star who is attempting to revive his career by hitching his career to the rising star of Cora Corman, a young megastar who has asked him to write a song titled "Way Back Into Love." During an unsuccessful attempt to come up with words for the song, he discovers that the woman who waters his plants, Sophie Fisher , has a gift for writing lyrics. Sophie, a former creative writing student reeling from a disastrous romance with her former English professor Sloan Cates , initially refuses. Alex cajoles her into helping him by using a few quickly-chosen phrases she has given him as the basis for a song. Over the next few days, they grow closer while writing the words and music together, much to the delight of Sophie\'s older sister Rhonda , a huge fan of Alex\'s.  Barely meeting the deadline Cora has set for the song\'s delivery, Alex and Sophie are thrilled when she accepts it; however, at a celebratory dinner with Alex\'s manager Chris  Sophie is mortified to encounter Sloan. She confronts him but finds herself tongue-tied in his presence, and Alex\'s own attempts to defend her result in a scuffle. Nursing their wounds back at Alex\'s apartment, Alex and Sophie sleep together. Sophie is later horrified when she finds Cora plans to record a sexy interpretation of "Way Back into Love," complete with an Indian vibe which she feels clashes with the romantic spirit of the song. She is determined to convince Cora to abandon the arrangement, but Alex vetoes her efforts for fear he will lose Cora\'s goodwill. In the ensuing argument, he admits Cora\'s version is awful but contends accepting it as the cost of doing business. Upset by Alex\'s willingness to demean his talent and extremely hurt by his argument that Sloan Cates was right about her personality, Sophie leaves him. Sophie, intending to start a new life in Florida, reluctantly attends the opening of Cora\'s new tour at Madison Square Garden, at which Alex and Cora will debut "Way Back Into Love". Upon hearing that Alex is singing a new song "written by Alex Fletcher", Sophie is upset to believe that Alex is stealing credit for her work; however, the song Alex sings is called "Don\'t Write Me Off", his plea for Sophie to give him another chance. Touched, Sophie finds Alex backstage, and he confesses he convinced Cora to drop the risqué version of "Way Back into Love" in an attempt to win Sophie back. He and Cora perform the tune as he and Sophie intended it to be sung, and the two songwriters embrace in the wings. The end of the movie  reveals that the song becomes a hit for Cora and Alex, the film version of Sloan\'s novel flops with critics and moviegoers , PoP! reunites for their induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame where Colin winds up having his hip replaced after years of dancing, and Alex and Sophie go on to become successful partners, both in songwriting and romance.'] ['After being rejected by his girlfriend, Peter Rooker decides to audition for a small role in an upcoming local community theatre\'s production of "Cyrano de Bergerac". Despite the fact that Peter has no experience or skill as an actor, the director casts Peter in the lead role. Peter soon becomes caught up in the various intrigues of the "theater people", including the charming but mercurial Michael Degan, the beautiful leading lady Grace Hargrove, and a cast of other eccentric players. Gradually, Peter discovers that in the world of theater the normal rules do not apply &ndash; but in the end there is a role for everyone.'] ['The film opens on an Alabama beach with two children chasing each other- Melanie Smooter and Jake Perry. The two discuss their future together. They kiss, and Jake says they will be married one day. The scene then moves to the present day. Melanie  has changed her last name to Carmichael to hide her Southern roots. She now is a successful fashion designer in New York City. After becoming engaged to the mayor\'s son, Andrew , Melanie announces that she has to go back home alone to Alabama to tell her parents. She has not told Andrew that she is still married to Jake . Upon arrival in Alabama, Melanie demands a divorce and an explanation as to why, for the last seven years, Jake has returned the divorce papers unsigned. Jake, once again, refuses to sign the papers, first demanding that Melanie visit her parents to say hello. Melanie retaliates by emptying out their joint checking account. After following Jake to a local bar, Melanie gets drunk and embarrasses herself in front of her friends, confessing that she had previously been pregnant with Jake\'s baby, which ended in a miscarraige. She also reveals that a mutual friend, Bobby Ray, is gay. Jake becomes angry with her and takes her home. When Melanie wakes up the next morning, the divorce papers are lying on her bed and finally signed by Jake. Soon after, Melanie visits the Carmichael Plantation and tries to apologize to Bobby Ray. Though Bobby Ray accepts the apology, he explicitly tells Melanie that Jake is not the only person she left behind. He expresses the sadness that all her friends have felt after she fled to New York City years ago. Just as Melanie is leaving the plantation, she finds herself cornered by a pushy reporter who claims to be from the New York Post  and asks for a tour of the beautiful plantation where Melanie supposedly grew up. Desperately, Melanie tries to sneak back into the mansion. Bobby Ray realizes what is happening, so he pretends to be Melanie\'s cousin and saves her from embarrassment by giving the reporter a tour of the plantation. That afternoon, Melanie realizes that her friends are kind, caring individuals who never stopped loving her. Melanie learns from a friend that Jake had once gone to New York City to try and find her because he was still in love. That night, Melanie goes to the cemetery to tell her old dog good-bye. Jake shows up, and they talk about why their marriage did not work which is hinted to be due to the combination of Jake\'s irresponsibility and her miscarriage. Jake wishes Melanie a good life with Andrew, but Melanie says she cannot do it and kisses him. However, Jake pushes her away and tells her to go home. Andrew arrives in town, looking for Melanie at the Carmichael Plantation, her "supposed" home. Jake meets him and takes him to the field of a Civil War reenactment, where Melanie is with her father. Jake tells Andrew about his ex-wife, Melanie Smooter. When Andrew sees Melanie at the battlefield, her father introduces himself to Andrew as Earl Smooter. Realizing Jake\'s ex-wife is the same woman he proposed to, Andrew rebuffs Melanie and leaves. Melanie returns to her parents\' house, where her father walks in with Andrew. Andrew tells her that he does not care about the past and still wants to marry her. They decide to have the wedding in Alabama, and Andrew\'s mother comes down from New York. Once Melanie\'s friends from New York arrive, they discover that Jake has become a very successful glassblower with his own company. Melanie is surprised to see what Jake has made out of himself, and it is suddenly clear that he did it all to win her back. On her wedding day, as she is walking down the aisle, her lawyer interrupts the ceremony and explains that the divorce is still not final because Melanie forgot to sign the divorce papers. Melanie explains to Andrew that she cannot marry him because she still loves Jake and hopes Andrew will find a good woman. Andrew graciously accepts this and wishes her well with Jake. However, Andrew\'s mother explodes, attacking Andrew for sullying his image for a promising political career, then verbally attacking Melanie and the town. When she insults Melanie\'s mother, Melanie punches her. Melanie finds Jake on the same beach, as it was in the film\'s opening. Melanie tells him that the two are still married, and she wants to be with him. As Jake and Melanie kiss, the town sheriff, Wade, interrupts them explaining that Melanie is wanted because she ran out on a perfectly good cake. Wade takes the pair back to the bar owned by Jake\'s mother, where all of their friends and family are waiting. Throughout the end credits then into a post-credits scene, it is shown that Melanie got pregnant again, only this time she successfully carried the baby to term, and the couple is living happily with a daughter.'] ["The picture follows the life of Pippa McGee  as she takes that giant step between 29 and 30 that involves growing up, becoming responsible and discovering true love. When freelance travel writer Pippa comes home for a friend's wedding, she finds herself running her father's wedding magazine while he recovers from a heart attack. Not only does Pippa have to run the magazine, Wedding Bells, she also has to save it from the chopping block. Wedding Bells future is at risk, as hungry vultures wait to take over her father's media conglomerate. Pippa and her straight-laced father have never truly gotten along since her mother died. To complicate things, Pippa becomes involved in a love triangle with her father's right-hand man Ian  and the free-spirited photographer Hemingway Jones . Everything is completed by the cast of token friends, Lulu , Jane  and Rachel , who provide Pippa with the moral support she needs to get the job done, both in her love life and in her job as editor."] ["When Sheila Curtis’  fiancé doesn't show up for the wedding, she drafts her lawyer, Henry Tuttle , to stand in for the missing groom. When Eric Reynolds  finally shows up, after sleeping off the bachelor party, Shelia intends to get a quick divorce, and marry him, after the media attention dies down. Although, Henry has been in love with her for years, he gets fed up, and spends his time, on their honeymoon with his old girlfriend, wealthy Helen Van Orden , and a bevy of beauties. Shelia soon gets jealous; and, realizes that Eric will always be unreliable; while, it’s Henry she’s always counted on, and loved; but, it might be too late. She might have taken Henry for granted for too long."] ['Julia Mann  and Kevin Vallick  are insomniac writers who fall in love, but their romance is thrown for a loop because both are writing speeches for rival candidates in a New Mexico election. Julia is working for the Democratic candidate and Kevin for the Republican candidate. Also complicating matters are Kevin\'s ex-wife , who is also on the Republican campaign trail, and "Mr. Flack Jacket," television reporter "Bagdad Bob" Freed , Julia\'s estranged fiance, who wants her back.'] ['Kate  is struggling in the advertising business in New York; she cannot move forward despite her talent. Her boss, Mr. Mercer , passes her up for a promotion because she is "not stable enough". Her co-worker, Darcy, invents a story claiming Kate is engaged to Nick , a freelance videographer who lives in Massachusetts, with whom Kate had her picture taken during a friend\'s wedding. All seems to work out well for Kate. After Nick saves a little girl from a fire and winds up in the news, Kate is forced to bring her alleged fiancé to dinner with Mercer and his wife. She asks Nick to "break up" with her. Nick, who already likes Kate, complies to please Kate. Meanwhile, Sam , a colleague that Kate had always wanted, takes notices of her. They have sex twice. As Kate and Nick get to know each other, she starts to like him. The night of the dinner arrives and Kate and Nick are prepared for their "big fight". But, Nick tries to suppress the "fight" by complimenting her and expressing the desire for a future with Kate. However, Kate just wants the "fight" to happen. At the dinner table, Kate tries to drive Nick into a fight but it doesn\'t work. She pays a restaurant employee to call her number and tries to make it seem like Nick is having an affair with an ex-girlfriend. At first Nick is a bit lost but figures it out and finally plays along. After a week, feeling guilty, Kate admits to Mercer  her cover-up, stating that she was dressing for the job she wanted, repeating a line that Mercer had used on her earlier regarding her instability. Mercer pays a visit to Kate\'s office, where she tells him she\'s quitting. Mercer counters by admitting to her how he exaggerated his own past at one point in his life, and suggests she take a few days off to go to Massachusetts and patch things up with Nick. Kate walks in while Nick is recording a wedding, and he rebuffs her attempts to patch things up until she humiliates herself in front of the soon-to-be-married couple, as Nick did in front of her boss earlier. Satisfied that the playing field has been leveled, he invites her to the wedding reception as his guest. They make up after Kate accepts.'] ["Vittorio De Sica plays the middle-aged marshal Antonio Carotenuto of the Carabinieri in a remote fictional Italian mountain village named Sagliena . He's anxious to marry, and selects young Maria De Ritis  as his bride; but she is already in love with De Sica's shy subordinate Pietro Stelluti . Mistaking her headstrong behavior as promiscuity, De Sica makes advances towards her, but she spurns him. Forsaking the girl to the arms of Risso, De Sica decides to settle for village midwife Annarella Mirziano . Things become more complicated when Annarella, the midwife, starts demonstrating her love to Antonio. She is hiding a secret and the Marshal soon will be in a difficult situation."] ['Dr. Benjamin Stone  is a hotshot young surgeon who longs to leave the drudgery of a Washington, D.C. emergency room and finally leaps at his chance at more money  and less death as a plastic surgeon in Beverly Hills. On his last day, Ben\'s relationship with his co-workers is presumed to be anything but a warm one. None of his colleagues will join him for a drink and a cake in his honor has an iced portion of the phrase "Good riddance, asshole" sliced out. Ben\'s cross-country drive in a 1956 Porsche 356 Speedster is interrupted when he crashes in the rural hamlet of Grady, South Carolina. The crash damages the fence of local Judge Evans , who sentences him to community service at a nearby hospital. Ben offers to pay for the fence, but the stern judge increases his community service each time he talks back. Defeated, he reports to the hospital, where Nurse Packer  humbles him by ordering him to clock in and out, as would a factory worker. Though upset, Ben quickly makes friends with Mayor Nick Nicholson , the town cafe\'s proprietor/head waitress , and Melvin , the local mechanic tasked with repairing Ben\'s car. Ben soon finds his clinic work to be much more laid-back than the emergency room. He has simple cases such as spots before the eyes , fishing hook impalings, and even reading mail for a young illiterate couple, whose baby he later delivers. The experience also humbles Ben when he mistreats a case of mitral valve regurgitation leading to late cyanosis in the child. The town\'s curmudgeonly doctor, Aurelius Hogue , orders Ben to give the boy a Coca-Cola. Dismissing Hogue\'s treatment as quackery, Ben calls for a helicopter to transport the boy to another facility in Athens, Georgia, to see a heart specialist. Hogue learns the boy had chewed his father\'s tobacco and explains the carbonic acid component of the soda would relieve his stomach ache. The two doctors finally bond when Ben saves Hogue after he suffers a near-fatal heart attack. Since Hogue is chomping at the bit to retire, Ben is urged by the folksy locals to stay - the pay is only $35,000 a year  but is made tempting by his budding romance with a tomboyish ambulance driver, Vialula , better known as "Lou." She is a single mother to four-year old Emma, the product of a relationship she had with a former boyfriend while living in New York. In the process, Ben confides that he grew up in a small town in rural Indiana, where his parents lived and died, and can\'t see himself confined to a small town. Ben is pardoned from community service after saving Hogue, and is free to go to California after his car is fixed. He shows signs of maturity from his experience in Grady and has become attached to his patients. Lou is also pursued by Hank Gordon , a local insurance salesman. One day, Hank waits for Ben at the mayor\'s lakeside lodge, where Ben has been staying. Ben expects a fight, but Hank explains that though he can\'t give Lou what Ben can, he\'s still a better man for her. After the two men talk, Ben comes to realize he\'s not selfless enough for a life with Lou and plans to not see her anymore. Putting career first, he leaves. On the west coast, Ben\'s new boss Dr. Halberstrom ([[George Hamilton  hires him at the interview, thanks to an unexpected letter of recommendation from Hogue. But Ben quickly tires of the superficiality of Beverly Hills. He\'s surprised by the Mayor\'s daughter Nancy Lee  and Hank, who have fled Grady to come to California. Hank tells Ben he took his own advice to "do what a man\'s gotta do." Ben, seeing an opportunity at true happiness, returns to Grady, hoping to patch things up with Lou, who takes him back.'] ["Clothing designer Mary Haines lives in a beautiful suburban Connecticut home with her wealthy financier husband Steven and their 11-year-old daughter Molly. Her best friend since college, Sylvie Fowler, is the editor of a prominent fashion magazine that dictates the latest in taste and style for New York City fashionistas. When Sylvie learns Steven is involved with Crystal Allen, a perfume salesgirl in Saks Fifth Avenue, from chatty manicurist Tanya, she confides in the ever-pregnant Edie Cohen but hesitates to tell Mary, who discovers the news herself from the same woman after getting a manicure herself. Despite her mother Catherine's exhortation to keep quiet about what she knows and a holiday away, Mary confronts Crystal first, in a department store, and then Steven, before asking for a divorce. Sylvie, Edie, and writer Alex Fisher join forces to support their spurned friend, but complications arise when Sylvie, facing the loss of her job, conspires with local gossip columnist Bailey Smith by confirming Mary's marital woes in exchange for Bailey contributing a celebrity profile to the magazine. Mary is stunned by Sylvie's betrayal and ends their friendship. Mary's daughter begins to ditch school and confides in Sylvie because her mother, distracted by the upheavals in her once idyllic life, becomes more distant. Mary is fired from her job by her father, has a makeover and decides to open her own clothing design firm with some financial assistance from Catherine. As she begins to get her life in order, she makes an effort to bond with Molly who reveals her father's relationship with Crystal is unraveling, and reunites with Sylvie who has quit her job. With this knowledge in hand, Mary sets out to repair her fractured marriage as she prepares to unveil her new line of womenswear in a fashion show attended not only by boutique owners but the buyer from Saks as well. Sylvie tells Mary that she has met a guy and is thinking of giving him her real phone number. In the final scene, Edie's water breaks and she has a baby boy. Whilst Edie is in labour Mary receives a call from her husband and is encouraged by the others to answer it, she then arranges a date with him. After the ending credits we see that a magazine named Sylvie is published with the four friends on the cover and Alex's book is out. A hint is given about Crystal possibly going out with Alex's ex girlfriend Natasha. The women talk about the movie, the magazine, the book and the joys, heartaches and uniquely special triumphs of being a woman."] ["Frank Allen  is a professional speaker who lectures on time management and he lives by example by perfectly maximizing his efficiency through scheduling and planning his own life down to the minute. One day when his wife Susan  decides to set the alarm clock back 10 minutes, in hopes of giving her husband an extra ten minutes of time in the morning; she accomplishes the exact opposite. From missing the ferry to arriving late to his lecture on time management, Frank experiences an off day. While driving home, he sees a pregnant woman in need of help of getting to the hospital and he decides to offer the stranger a lift. At the hospital, Frank is asked to fill out some paper work, and not thinking much about his situation, he puts his own information down and the nurses at the hospital misunderstand and assume he is the father. The following morning, before Frank arrives home, a nurse from the hospital calls attempting to reach him and his wife answers the phone. The nurse, in trying to contact who she thought was the father, leads Susan to believe it is Frank's baby and she presupposes he is cheating on her and leading a double life. When Frank arrives home, he is unable to clear up the misunderstanding and Susan throws him out of the house. Susan then refuses to speak to him, and only allows him to see his daughter after school. In an attempt to prove his honesty to his wife by demonstrating that it is not his baby, Frank sees a doctor for a paternity test, but also receives the news that he was never able to reproduce to begin with, since he has Klinefelter's syndrome. A few days later, the stranger brings her baby to the Allens' house in hopes of thanking him for his kindness, only to find his wife at home. After the stranger introduces herself and her baby to Susan, she clears up the misunderstanding, but the damage is done since Frank now knows that their child is not really his. The tides change dramatically as Frank realizes that he was the one in the relationship who was faithful, and goes through a withdrawal as he tries to comprehend how his daughter could not be his and how wrong his life turned out when he believed that he has always stayed straight and narrow. After giving a life-changing speech about living on whim at his own time management lecture, he decides to live his life based on chance from that moment on. He starts his reformed outlook on life with the simple idea of possibility and randomness by making his decision based on shuffling three index cards with written options and choosing one at chance. Through his journey, he learns more about love, friendship, faith, hope and life than he ever imagined."] ['The story begins with a silent film sequence during which the good Squire Allworthy  returns home after a lengthy stay in London and discovers a baby  in his bed. Thinking that his barber, Mr. Partridge , and one of his servants, Jenny Jones , have "birthed" the infant out of lust, the squire banishes them and chooses to raise little Tom Jones as if he were his own son. Tom  grows up to be a lively young man whose good looks and kind heart make him very popular with the opposite sex. However, he truly loves only one woman, the gentle Sophie Western , who returns his passion. Sadly, Tom is stigmatized as a "bastard" and cannot wed a young lady of her high station. Sophie, too, must hide her feelings while her aunt  and her father, Squire Western  try to coerce her to marry a more suitable man - a man whom she hates. This young man is Blifil ([[David Warner , the son of the Squire\'s widowed sister Bridget . Although he is of legitimate birth, he is an ill-natured fellow with plenty of hypocritical \'virtue\' but none of Tom\'s warmth, honesty, or high spirits. When Bridget dies unexpectedly, Blifil intercepts a letter which his mother intended for her brother\'s eyes only. What this letter contains is not revealed until the end of the movie; however, after his mother\'s funeral, Blifil and his two tutors, Mr. Thwackum  and Mr. Square ([[John Moffatt , join forces to convince the squire that Tom is a villain. Allworthy gives Tom a small cash legacy and sorrowfully sends him out into the world to seek his fortune. In his road-traveling odyssey, Tom is knocked unconscious while defending the good name of his beloved Sophie and robbed of his legacy. He also flees from a jealous Irishman who falsely accuses him of having an affair with his wife, engages in deadly swordfights, meets his alleged father and his alleged mother, a certain Mrs. Waters, whom he saves from an evil Redcoat Officer, and later beds the same Mrs. Waters. In a celebrated scene, Tom and Mrs. Waters sit opposite each other in the dining room of the Upton Inn, wordlessly consuming an enormous meal while gazing lustfully at each other. Meanwhile, Sophie runs away from home soon after Tom\'s banishment to escape the attentions of the loathed Blifil. After narrowly missing each other at the Upton Inn, Tom and Sophie arrive separately in London. There, Tom attracts the attention of Lady Bellaston , a promiscuous noblewoman over 40 years of age. She is rich, beautiful, and completely amoral, though it is worth noting that Tom goes to her bed willingly and is generously rewarded for his services. Eventually, Tom ends up at Tyburn Gaol, facing a boisterous hanging crowd after two blackguardly agents of Blifil frame him for robbery and attempted murder. Allworthy learns the contents of the mysterious letter: Tom is not Jenny Jones\'s child, but Bridget\'s illegitimate son and Allworthy\'s nephew. Furthermore, since Blifil knew this, concealed it, and tried to destroy his half-brother, he is now in disgrace and disinherited. Allworthy uses this knowledge to get Tom a pardon, but Tom has already been conveyed to the gallows; his hanging is begun, but is interrupted by Squire Western, who cuts him down and takes him to Sophie. Tom now has permission to court Sophie, and all ends well with Tom embracing Sophie with Squire Western\'s blessing. In its original release, the film ran 2 hours and 37 minutes.'] ["A family goes to a village near Mangalore to finalize a bride for the elder son, Lucky, played by Pavan Kumar. Lucky is a US-based software professional, and is a teetotaler, always abiding by the pressure and demands of his parents, so much to the fact that he does not have the courage to speak out that he already has a girlfriend. Bharath Kumar, the youngest son, the character played by Diganth, is a carefree individual with weird ideas on life. Bharath meets a tomboyish girl, Ambika, who is the house-owner's niece, and they begin to mingle well due to the nature of their personalities. However, following a few unusual twists and turns, the alliance is called off and the groom's family members walk out due to embarrassment. Ambika, who has now developed a strong feeling of love towards Bharath, goes ahead and confronts him. And finally, Bharath too says yes."] ['"Bake" Baker  and Sherry  are former dance partners, now separated, with Baker in the Navy and Sherry working as a dance hostess in a San Francisco ballroom, Paradise. Bake visits the ballroom with his Navy buddy "Bilge"  during a period of liberty, reuniting with Sherry while Bilge is initially attracted to Sherry\'s sister Connie . When Connie begins to talk about marriage, Bilge quickly diverts his attention towards a friend of Sherry\'s, Iris , a divorced socialite. The sailors return to sea while Connie seeks to raise money to salvage her deceased sea-captain father\'s sailing ship. When the boys return to San Francisco, Bake attempts to get Sherry a job in a Broadway show, but fails amidst a flurry of mistaken identities and misunderstandings. He redeems himself by staging a benefit show which raises the final seven hundred dollars needed to refurbish the ship. After the concert, Bake and Sherry are offered a show on Broadway which Bake accepts on the proviso that Sherry asks him to marry her.'] ["With flashbacks, Connie Doyle's  early life is given to give us an idea of her mindset. At 18, she meets womanizer Steve DeCunzo , moves in with him and winds up pregnant. When she informs him of the fact, he kicks her out, denying responsibility. Destitute, Connie has nowhere to go, and, trying to find a shelter, gets inadvertently swept aboard a train at Grand Central Terminal. With no ticket, and no money with which to buy one, Connie is rescued by Hugh Winterbourne and taken to his private compartment. There, she meets his wife, Patricia, who is also pregnant. When the train crashes, Connie is mistaken for Patricia because she is wearing Patricia's wedding band, which has Patricia and Hugh's names engraved on the inside. She wakes up in the hospital, no longer pregnant, and learns that Patricia and Hugh both died in the crash. Seeing the wrong name on the wristband on her child, Connie thinks the hospital has messed up until she sees the wedding band still on her finger. Once she realizes what has happened she tries to explain the situation, but is prevented from doing so by the nurses who believe she is just hysterical. Eventually, she meets Hugh's mother, Grace , who has a bad heart. Afraid of making her ill, and with nowhere else to go, Connie believes it is the best thing for her and her baby to accept the woman's offer and go to Grace's home. At the Winterbourne house, Connie meets Bill , Hugh's identical twin brother. When the initial shock wears off, she nervously begins her new life. This life is one she never expected to be a part of. The world is very different, and she finds it difficult to adjust to the high society position she is now required to shoulder. Bill is a bit wary of Connie, and questions her identity, believing she is after the family's money. He investigates things on his own, learning her real identity. They spend the day walking around Boston, and begin to bond. Later that night, perhaps because of his growing feelings for her, Bill prepares to expose Connie when he learns that Grace plans to change her will to include Connie and baby Hughie, but changes his mind when Connie becomes upset and begs Grace not to include her and Hughie in the will. Connie's protests make Grace want to include them even more. Afterward, a drunk Paco demands that Bill and Connie dance a tango. They do so and end up sharing several kisses. Connie bonds with Grace, and feeling guilty for taking advantage of her kindness, decides to leave with Hughie. Bill discovers her packing and attempts to convince her to stay, including proposing to her. He tells her to think about it overnight and give him her answer the next day. Connie decides to run away anyway. Paco, the family's chauffeur, follows her to the train station, tells her about his own shady past, and makes her realize she and the baby are just as valuable to Grace as Grace is to them. She returns home to find Grace has had a heart attack because of her absence, and decides to let things go and marry Bill as Patricia Winterbourne. Steve discovers Connie's good fortune, and tries to blackmail her. In the confusion that ensues, Steve is shot. Bill and Connie flee the scene, and think each one is the one who shot Steve. It is then that Bill reveals that he knows Connie's true identity, and that he loves her anyway. Both believe they are home free, until their wedding day. When the priest tells Bill and Connie that Grace is confessing to the murder, both of them hurry to her side and confess to the murder themselves. Shocked, the police tell them they already have the murderer in custody, and it is not any of them, it was the woman Steve started seeing after dumping Connie. Like Connie, Steve had gotten her pregnant and abandoned her. The police only came to question about the check Connie had written out to Steve. Connie confesses the whole story to Grace, who says she'll get over it, adding that she'd like more grandchildren. The wedding goes ahead as planned, and Bill presents Connie with a wedding ring with their names engraved on the inside, just like the real Patricia's ring."] ["Jonas Nightengale is a faith healer, loosely based on televangelist Peter Popoff, who makes a living traveling across America holding revival meetings and conducting 'miracles.' He is helped by his friend and manager Jane and an entourage of fellow con artists. One of their trucks breaks down in Rustwater, Kansas, a town suffering a drought and in desperate need of rain to save their crops. While waiting for spare parts, Jonas decides to hold revival meetings just outside of town. Local sheriff Will Braverman is skeptical and tries to prevent his townspeople from being conned. However, Boyd, a disabled boy, believes Jonas could make him walk again. The events that follow make Jonas re-examine his own faith and doubts."] ["A romantic comedy, They All Laughed is set in New York City, largely filmed outdoors on the streets, and tells the story of three private detectives investigating two beautiful women for infidelity. The detectives eventually wind up romantically pursuing the women, who turn the tables on them. They All Laughed is an updating of La Ronde, both in tone and theme. Detective John Russo  attempts to cheat on his girlfriend, country singer Christy Miller , with a blonde taxi driver , with the connivance of his colleague Arthur Brodsky . He has met the taxi driver en route from a meeting in which he's been assigned to follow Angela Niotes , wife of a European tycoon. Detective Charles Rutledge  falls in love with Dolores Martin , whose husband has also hired him to spy on her. Rutledge is cautioned against this infatuation by his buddy Arthur. Feeling slighted by Russo's infidelity, Christy Miller throws herself at Rutledge but she ultimately falls in love with Dolores Martin's extramarital paramour Jose . Russo's pursuit of Angela leads him to fall in love with her."] ['Film star Ted Crosley  is fed up with Hollywood and quits the movies to enroll in college under a fake name. While Ted tries to fit in at academia, his frustrated managers  try to have him expelled from the college in order for him to resume his Hollywood career.'] ['The film begins shortly before Bridget\'s mother\'s  yearly Turkey Curry Buffet. Bridget  is ecstatic about her relationship with Mark Darcy . However, Bridget\'s confidence in her relationship is shattered when she meets Mark\'s colleague, the beautiful Rebecca Gilles . Bridget meets her ex, Daniel Cleaver , at her job for Sit-Up Britain and is offered a position as the "Smooth Guidess". Bridget is delighted to be asked by Mark to go to the "Law Council Dinner", assuming he will propose afterwards, but the night does not end well. After the "Law Council Dinner", Mark and Bridget have an argument and she walks away from him. Mark goes to Bridget\'s apartment, apologizes, and tells her he loves her for the first time. Later in the night, Mark asks Bridget if she\'d like to go on a ski holiday. Once on the slopes, she learns Rebecca recommended the vacation spot to Mark. While on the holiday, Bridget thinks she\'s pregnant and after an argument concerning the future of children, the test is negative. After they return home, Bridget and Mark have lunch with both of their parents. When the subject of marriage comes up during conversation, Bridget is hurt by Mark\'s comment that it\'s not something they\'re even thinking about yet. At Mark\'s place, Bridget is upset at him for not giving a straight answer on his reasons and breaks off their relationship. Bridget decides to go with Daniel to Thailand to film "The Smooth Guide" with her friend, Shazzer . Bridget and Daniel flirt on the plane which leads to them alone in a hotel room, but she walks out after a prostitute arrives. While packing for the trip home from Thailand, Bridget puts Shazzer\'s gift from a man named Jed ([[Paul Nicholls  in her bag. Bridget is arrested and sent to a Thai prison after airport security dogs recognize cocaine inside the gift. In prison, Bridget spends her time sharing relationship stories with the inmates and teaching them Madonna\'s "Like a Virgin". Mark arrives to tell Bridget that his superiors have sent him to put her release in motion. Bridget identifies Jed on a picture as the man who gave Shazzer the hidden cocaine. Mark walks away after clearly stating that he was just the messenger. In Britain, Mark confronts Daniel for not helping Bridget when she was arrested, and they start a fight outside a museum. At Bridget\'s return, she is an international human rights celebrity. She is greeted by her parents who have been busy planning their vow renewal ceremony. At home, she is surprised by her friends who inform her that Mark was the one who tracked down Jed and forced him into custody in order to free her, in the process putting into motion the British Government, Mi5, Interpol & many other diplomatic big-wigs. Hopeful that he still loves her, she runs down to his house, but finds Rebecca there, who reveals that she does not love Mark, but loves Bridget instead. Bridget confronts Mark at his legal chambers and asks him to take her back. Mark proposes to Bridget and she accepts. The film ends with Bridget\'s parents renewing their vows and Bridget catching the bouquet.'] ['Yashvardhan "Yash" Raichand  is a rich businessman, living in New Delhi with his wife Nandini  and his two sons, Rahul and Rohan. The elder son, Rahul is adopted whilst Rohan is their biological son. As a result, Rahul feels indebted to his parents when he finds out  about his adoption. As an adult, Rahul  falls in love with Anjali Sharma , a girl belonging to a lower social standing than him, against the wishes of Yash, who wants him to marry Naina Kapoor . Rahul, however, rebels and marries Anjali, following which Yash disowns Rahul as his son. Disheartened, Rahul leaves for London with his wife. Nandini sends Sayeeda , Rahul and Rohan\'s nanny, after Rahul to take care of him. Meanwhile, Rohan is sent to a boarding school, as per family tradition. Ten years later, a grown-up Rohan  finds out the truth about Rahul\'s disappearance. He asks his parents to let him go to London to attend graduate school; but he does so in order to conspire with Anjali\'s sister, Pooja "Poo" Sharma  to bring his brother back home. Poo informs Rahul that Rohan is her friend\'s cousin who has shifted from India to London to pursue his studies and needs a place to stay. Rahul reluctantly agrees to let him live with them. When Rahul eventually finds out about Rohan\'s identity, Rohan begs of him to return home. Rahul refuses, as he believes that Yash does not love him. Poo, however, believes that Rahul will go back home, so she encourages Rohan to invite his parents over to London and arrange for them to meet Rahul. Once in London, Nandini and Rahul share a happy reunion. But Rahul refuses to talk to his father. Meanwhile, Yash finds out about the conspiracy and is furious with Rohan. He and Nandini, however, return to India due to the sudden death of his mother . Rahul, who also joins Yash and Rohan during the funeral service, agrees to return home for one visit to meet his mother, on the insistence of Rohan and Poo. Once there, Yash expresses his guilt for disowning his elder son, and adds that Rahul was foolish enough for believing that his father did not love him. The film ends with an elaborate wedding ceremony of Rohan and Poo, in which the entire family participates.'] ["Key Weedon, a pilot with the U.S. Navy, is sent to investigate when an S.O.S. emergency signal is spotted in the San Diego region. He discovers it's the doing of a 6-year-old boy, Grover Martin, whose uncle, a flight officer, gave the boy a blinker light as a gift. The child's mother, Amy, is an attractive widow and Key develops an immediate interest in her. Amy has a blind spot when it comes to Naval officers, however, not wanting a permanent relationship with one because they are constantly on the move. Sure enough, Key gets orders to go overseas, so Amy refuses to go along. Uncle Simon has a new treat for Grover and his brothers. He ties them to balloons and flies them as one would a kite. Grover's tether snaps, however, so he goes floating over San Diego while rescue operations are quickly organized. It turns out to be Key who lowers himself on a rope ladder from a blimp to rescue the boy. A grateful Amy knows that wherever he goes, Key is the man for her."] ["Samantha  is a travel journalist who is still recovering from the break-up with her last boyfriend, when her psychiatrist  ironically suffers a nervous breakdown. While Samantha is canceling her appointments, her new neighbor  comes for a session. Having never met the real Dr. Rosenberg, she poses as her shrink in an attempt to steer him away from his girlfriend and towards her. Because of her new situation, Samantha ends up seeing a few of Dr. Rosenberg's other patients, including eccentric magazine salesman Henry . Thus leading her to question her life, including whether her 'perfect man' is actually what she truly desires after all."] ["Dick Wallace, a young John Wayne, has to prove to the Preacher's daughter, his own Dad, his old friends, and himself that he isn't just an irresponsible playboy. Fortunately, his new love, Marion does a good job of convincing them. The question is whether, or not, it's true."] ['Two villages in Thanjavur area are always at loggerheads with each other and it spills even to T20 cricket match between kids from both the villages. Arikki @ Arivazhagan  is a wayward son of Lakshmi  who is in awe at the same time fears him. Her husband Ramasamy  is away in Dubai and a large part of the money he sends home is taken away by Arikki using extortionist methods like threatening to break the TV set at home. He yet to pass his 12th standard spends his time in bars with his friends, teases girls and asks them to profess their love for him, and gets into brawls after conning others. He meets Maheshwari  and wants her to declare her love for him, which she finally confesses. Her brother Ilango  is a tough guy who has an axe to grind against Arikki and his gang, which leads to the twist in the climax.'] ['Wealthy heiress Joanna Stayton  is accustomed to living the life of the idle rich with her husband Grant Stayton III . When their yacht gets stuck in the rural hamlet of Elk Cove, Oregon for repairs, Joanna passes the time by hiring carpenter Dean Proffitt  to remodel her closet. Dean puts up with Joanna\'s demanding attitude, only to have her refuse to pay him because she dislikes the type of wood he used. When he demands payment, she shoves him overboard along with his tools. That night, Joanna falls overboard while searching for her wedding ring on deck, develops amnesia, is rescued by a garbage scow and taken to the local hospital. Grant goes to get her, but after seeing her mental state and mistreatment of the staff, he denies knowing her and returns to the yacht as a bachelor to embark on a spree of parties with younger women. After seeing her story on the local news, Dean, a widower living in redneck clutter with four young sons, decides to seek his revenge and remedy his own domestic problems by taking advantage of the situation. He goes to the hospital, tells Joanna that she is Annie, his wife of thirteen years and the mother of his sons. He convinces the staff of his identity by revealing a small birthmark on her behind, which he saw during the remodeling when she was wearing a revealing swimsuit. Unwillingly convinced, she goes with him to his home. At first, Joanna has difficulty dealing with Dean\'s boys and the heavy load of chores, including cooking raw food, doing laundry in a tub, caring for pets, housekeeping and only being able to sleep on the couch. She soon adapts to her new life as a housewife and begins to fall in love with Dean and his children. Dean is secretly working two jobs and Joanna handles the boys\' school issues, family issues and money challenges with considerable wisdom and grace. Seeing Dean struggle, she uses her untapped knowledge of things like the Seven Wonders of the World to draw up plans for a miniature golf course based on their shared designs. Although Dean has also fallen in love with Joanna, he fails to come clean with her being used as a mom in fear that she would leave them. Even when he tries to come clean when she discovers a pair of monogrammed panties from her former life which cause her to think he\'s having an affair, a friend, Billy Pratt , says they belonged to a girlfriend of his to get Dean off the hook. Meanwhile, giving in to the pressure of Joanna\'s inquisitive mother Edith , Grant reluctantly returns to Elk Cove to retrieve his wife. Joanna\'s memory returns to her upon seeing him and she is shocked and hurt when she realizes that Dean has been using her for months. She returns with Grant to the yacht where her mother and Dr. Korman, the family\'s bumbling psychiatrist, are waiting. Joanna finds her old life stuffy and pretentious. One evening after doing shots of Tequila with the crew, Joanna turns to Andrew , her loyal butler and apologizes for her poor treatment of him after all the things he had done for her in the past. Andrew replies that he is both surprised and pleased with the apology and observes that unlike most people, Joanna has been given an opportunity to see life from a different station than that to which she was born; he does not tell her what she must do, but merely states she is the one who can decide how to use the new perspective. Realizing how happy she was with Dean and the kids and how selfish and spoiled she was in her former life, she commandeers the yacht and turns back towards Elk Cove. When the neurotic and selfish Grant finds out, delusions of grandeur kick in and he accuses his wife of mutiny, admits he never loved her and commandeers the ship himself. Meanwhile, Dean and the boys go to get Joanna back with the help of Billy\'s friend in the Coast Guard. When they catch up to the yacht, Joanna and Dean both jump overboard and are reunited in the water. An incensed Grant actually attempts to shoot her with a bow and arrow, accusing her of mutiny for jumping ship, only to be unceremoniously booted over the side and into the water by Andrew, who then promptly gives his notice of quitting. Safely aboard the smaller vessel, Joanna, having left and unofficially divorced Grant, reveals to Dean that the yacht and the money are actually hers, not Grant\'s. Hours later, while the boys are making out their Christmas lists , Dean asks Joanna, "What could I possibly give you that you don\'t already have?" Joanna looks at her four stepsons, smiles, then replies: "A little girl."'] ['Jimmie Shannon  wants to be a bachelor forever: wild, free and never tied down. Eventually, though, he proposes to Anne , his girlfriend of three years in the most romantic restaurant in town--only he spoils the special moment with a crude approach. Anne is going to Greece for an assignment when Jimmie discovers that his grandfather James Shannon  has left him the family business, all his assets, and $100 million. But Jimmie can only have it if he is married by 6:05 p.m. on his 30th birthday, which happens to be the next day. He, his friend Marco , a priest waiting in the wings , and his grandfather\'s two friends and colleagues  must find a bride in the next few hours. When he proposes to Anne again, she is able to see right through his facade, and leaves for Greece on a helicopter. Jimmie, unable to simply turn down the money due to the lives that would be ruined if the family business failed, selects many ex-girlfriends to ask. First is Stacey , a loud stockmarket player who\'s engaged already. Second is Zoe , a clingy window dresser. When Jimmie goes to see her, he runs off after "Anne" which turns out not to be her. He returns to see that Zoe has set a mannequin on fire in effigy of him. Soon, the list is depleted until one accepts--the money grubbing socialite Buckley  who wants the money for her family\'s business. However, she turns the proposal down after finding out they have to have children in five years, spend only one night apart a month and they need to be married for ten years. Desperate, Marco places an ad in the newspaper with disastrous consequences. Anne did not go to Greece; she returned home and went to her parents\' house with Natalie, her sister. She misses Jimmie and goes back to the city. Meanwhile, as everyone else scrambles to help Jimmie and save the family business, Jimmie realizes the "effect" of marriage when on a rowboat with the priest. The kindly priest reveals how he took on the priesthood when his beloved wife died, and that he was proud to be married and produce a wonderful family in the process. Realizing that he truly loves Anne and is ready to take the next step, Jimmie decides to rest in the church and awakens to find hundreds of brides waiting for him. After trying to settle the women down, Marco lies and says that Jimmie has no money. This angers them, and they try to rip the two to shreds. Marco reveals that Anne is on her way back, so Jimmie goes to the station, ordering a cake on the way. He makes it there after being chased by hundreds of brides. The taxi drops him off, and he searches for Anne in the train, but she has discovered the newspaper front page declaring, "Would you marry this man for $100 million?" with Jimmie\'s picture on the front. They soon make up and prepare for the wedding. One of the brides had thrown her wedding dress down the stairs, so Anne puts it on in the bathroom. She opens the door to see hundreds of brides run past. Jimmie runs up the street, climbs a fire escape and shouts for Anne. With the would-be brides in hot pursuit, the priest then conducts the service over the police loudspeaker from inside a police car as brides attack the car. Anne then convinces them to be happy and let it be her day.'] ['Max , an alpha-male commitment-phobic sports broadcaster, and Jay ([[Jason Lee , a neurotic novelist, have been best friends since childhood. Jay sets Max up with his editor Samantha . Although they share few interests, they are engaged within two weeks. Still, when Max is confronted with the fact that Sam will be the last woman he will sleep with, he proposes a test. Jay will hit on Sam. If she shows no interest, then Max will be confident enough in her loyalty to go ahead with the marriage. Though when Jay hits on Sam, they end up falling in love with each other.'] ['Jim  is a perennially gloomy 27 year-old aspiring novelist from Goshen, Indiana who moved to New York City in hopes of finding success with his writing. After two years of barely making a living as a dog walker, he defeatedly decides to move back home to his parents\' house in Goshen. Jim\'s 32 year-old brother Tim  is a recently divorced father of two young girls whose business recently failed. Tim has moved back into his parents\' home and he works in the ladder factory that\'s owned and operated by their pessimistic father Don  and overly cheerful mother Sally . Jim has no interest in the family business and he resists pressure from Don to start working there. Jim meets Anika , a nurse, in a bar and they end up having sex in a hospital bed, though Jim finishes embarrassingly early. After an argument between the two brothers on whose life has been more pathetic so far, Tim, having previously made repeated unsuccessful attempts to commit suicide, drives his car into a tree in hopes of ending his life; he is gravely injured and hospitalized. Jim now finally gives in to Don\'s pressure to work in the factory by taking over Tim\'s duties. He also takes over Tim\'s job as the coach of a girls basketball team; the team, which has not scored a single point in the last 14 games, includes both of Tim\'s daughters. While visiting Tim is in the hospital, Jim runs into Anika, who works in another department. They arrange a date, but on arriving to collect her, he discovers she is a single mother. Their relationship progresses, however. Anika is sympathetic to Jim\'s problems, and she decides to stand by him in encouragement even when he tries to convince her that it\'s in her best interest to not be around him. At the ladder factory, Jim encounters his uncle Stacy , who prefers to be called "Evil." Jim seeks advice from Evil about premature ejaculation, and they become friends of a sort. Evil offers Jim some recreational drugs and asks Jim to open a checking account for him so he can pay for things by mail. Evil gives Jim $4,000, saying it is saved-up birthday and Christmas presents. Jim\'s mother, Sally, is arrested by DEA officers for allegedly shipping illegal drugs through the store\'s Fedex account. It transpires that Evil is the drug dealer, but Jim cannot persuade him to confess. Evil points out that Jim will be implicated if he tries to report Evil, as he has opened an account with Evil\'s cash and will test positive for drug use. Eternal optimist that she is, Sally finds happiness in her new surroundings and makes friends with her fellow prisoners. Eventually she is released on bail. Despite working a job he hates and feeling responsible for his mother\'s imprisonment, Jim slowly allows his monumental depression to be dismantled by Anika and finds himself believing that life is worth living. Jim invites Anika and her son to move to New Orleans with him, but after Jim vacillates, she is offended and this seems to be off the cards. Jim finally decides to leave town for New Orleans by himself, leaving a note for his parents promising not to take their love for granted again and revealing Evil as the drug dealer. Anika shows up at the bus station to say good-bye, but seems to Jim miss the opportunity to reconcile with her. Jim departs on the bus, but as Anika drives home with her son, Jim is seen running after them, luggage in hand.'] ["Seeking material for his fictional exposé of a criminal psychic, novelist Charles Condomine  invites eccentric medium Madame Arcati  to his home in Lympne, Kent, to conduct a séance. As Charles, his wife of five years, Ruth , and their guests the Bradmans restrain their laughter, Madame Arcati performs peculiar rituals and speaks with a propensity for clichés. Upon its conclusion, Arcati obviously is concerned about an unexpected turn the session has taken, although the author and his guests are dubious anything extraordinary occurred. Unknown to everyone, Madame Arcati has accidentally summoned the spirit of Charles' first wife Elvira  during the séance, whose voice Charles can now hear, and Arcati faints during her trance. After Madame Arcati and the Bradmans have left, and Ruth has retired for the night, Elvira takes visual form. Charles, who is the only person capable of seeing Elvira, becomes both dismayed and amused by her sudden and unexpected presence. Complications ensue when Ruth becomes aware of the presence of the ghost; Elvira behaves as a poltergeist. Eventually, the author’s fascination wanes &mdash; especially when he learns Elvira has been plotting his early demise. But the spirit miscalculates and ends up dispatching Ruth instead, after which Charles is haunted by both wives. Though initially unable to help, and offended when Ruth tells her of Charles' motives, Madame Arcati uncovers a means to rid his household of both spirits. She appears to be successful, with the aid of the maid Edith, who turns out to be psychic and can see both deceased women. It soon becomes obvious one or both spirits have remained in the house. He quickly decides to escape the premises, but the plot to bring Charles into the spirit world has continued; his escape fails and he joins Elvira and Ruth as a spirit."] ["May Ho  is a woman who inherits a vast fortune when her rich husband drowns in a scuba diving accident in the Caribbean. May told several joking lies to win her Stanford-educated, extremely successful husband, and his mother and sister are less than pleased when they find out, especially since they still harbor suspicions about her motives in marrying her husband after knowing him for only seven days. Nonetheless, the house, fortune, and a portion of the family fashion company are hers. Depressed, alone, and deeply missing her husband , May goes on a binge of eating, drinking, smoking, watching television, and stealing from her own company's stores, culminating in a drunken car ride and near-fatal car accident. May finds herself lying on the ground outside her car and thinks she is unscathed, until she approaches her vehicle and sees her bloody body in the driver's seat. Ken Wong  appears to her and scares her into returning to her body, reviving herself. Although she just barely evaded death, the left side of May's face is heavily injured. Later in the hospital, when she removes the gauze covering her left eye, she suddenly realizes she can see ghosts with that eye. She soon finds herself in the constant company and care of the ghost Ken, who claims that he is her former classmate who died when he was 13 in a typhoon out at sea. Throughout their escapades in the realm of the supernatural, May slowly develops a connection with him. However, despite all the ghosts she has encountered, her husband has never appeared to her and she deeply wants to see him, even for just an instant. Ken attempts to help her fulfill this wish before he crosses the Twilight Junction to be reincarnated though it initially appears she did not succeed. Only the spirit of her husband's late dog, Whisky, appears - seemingly close to Ken as if the canine knows him. Ken ask May for a final wish to hug her before he moves on, and in doing so she had to pretend that he was her husband. Later, she goes to check on the restoration of her husband's vintage car and discovers the restorer resembles Ken, who turned to be the real Ken who did not really die when he was 13. She finally realize that the ghost who had been at her side all the while was actually her dead husband in disguise to prevent her from becoming too attached to him and to urge her to move on. She tries several ways to contact him after he had moved on, but all attempts were useless. Her ability to see ghosts had also disappeared. The film ends with a hint of a future romance between May and Ken."] ["Dave Goodwin , Sam Schecter , and Jeff Davis  are best friends who spent almost four years at Holden University scamming their way through college, and for the most part, get away with it. Just as they are about to graduate, their schemes are foiled by Ethan Dulles , the campus geek, after witnessing Dave cheating on an exam. Ethan threatens to expose the trio unless they try to hook him up with his dream girl, the beautiful Angela Patton . But things go wrong when Angela and Dave fall for each other. Ethan sabotages Dave and Angela's relationship by telling Angela that Dave paid to take her out. Dave convinces the guys to help him get revenage against Ethan. They sabotage his job interview and place a copy of the final exam in his backpack to make it look like he's cheating. In end the guys  get expelled, but Dave and Angela get back together and Sam ends up in relationship with Angela's roommate, Reanna Cass ."] ['Kassie Larson  decides she wants to have a baby. Despite the objections of her neurotic best friend Wally Mars , she chooses to do so alone, with the services of handsome and charming sperm donor Roland ([[Patrick Wilson . Wally has always had feelings for Kassie, but as his friend Leonard  points out, he missed his chance and she put him in the "friend zone." Kassie organizes an "insemination party," where Roland produces the sperm in the bathroom, and leaves behind the cup. Wally uses the bathroom and sees the sample. Drunk, and not liking the idea of Kassie being inseminated with this sperm, he plays with the cup, and accidentally spills it into the sink. Panicking, he replaces the sperm with his own. The insemination is successful but Kassie has to leave New York because of her work; still believing that she is pregnant with Roland\'s child. Seven years later, Kassie returns to New York along with precocious-but-neurotic son Sebastian ([[Thomas Robinson . Wally forms a bond with this loveable mini-version of himself and Sebastian has started to become close with Wally, but the bad news is that Roland is in the picture too: Kassie has started dating him because she thinks he is Sebastian\'s father. In the end, Wally reveals to Kassie that Sebastian is his son, along with his true feelings for her. At first she is angry, and does not want to see him again, but Sebastian misses him and so does she; finally she breaks up with Roland. Wally proposes to her, and Kassie accepts. The final scene shows a very happily married Wally and Kassie at Sebastian\'s birthday party.'] ["Jennifer Morgan  is an MBA looking for a job as an executive at Oliver Caldwell’s  company. Through a series of errors, she is given a job as the au pair for his children, Katie  and Alex . The kids have been spoiled by Oliver since their mother died, and they have become quite the trouble makers. Oliver is engaged to Vivian Berger , who dislikes the children and becomes jealous of Jennifer as she bonds with them. The kids, preferring Jennifer  to Vivian, play matchmaker, and expose the plotting Vivian for who she really is. In the ending of this movie, when Oliver arrives at his splendidly beautiful castle, he discovers that his ruthless and corrupt fiancée, Vivian, has already made arrangements for their wedding and that they were going to get married that very evening. Later on, Jennifer, Alex, and Katie arrive, and Oliver demands to speak with Jennifer. To Alex and Katie's dismay, Jennifer is mercilessly fired by their father  just moments before the ceremony begins. Alex, then, comes up with an idea to spy on Vivian and her clumsy, odd sisters. As the children, Nigel  , and Oliver spy on Vivian in her boudoir, Vivian reveals her evil plots and schemes. Infuriated, Oliver bursts into the boudoir and breaks up with Vivian. Oliver storms out of the castle with Vivian and her wacky sisters chasing after him. Once they descend upon the bridge, Vivian demands that Oliver hand over her ring. Oliver takes the ring out of his coat pocket, throws it over the bridge, and into the water. Vivian, then, blindly launches herself off the bridge in her silk bridal gown and plummets into the water. Vivian's sisters try to catch their sister as she falls, but they end up falling into the water as well. Vivian emerges from the depths of water and angrily pounds the water's surface with her clenched fists. Later, Jenny and Oliver share a kiss."] ['Duke Frederick  has usurped and deposed his older brother, Duke Senior . Frederick allows the exiled Duke\'s daughter, Rosalind , however, to stay, as she is the closest friend of his daughter, Celia . Orlando , who has been forced to flee his home due to the oppression from his brother, Oliver , comes to the Frederick\'s Duchy, and enters a wrestling tournament. On leaving the Duchy, Orlando encounters Rosalind, and it is love at first sight. Frederick then becomes angry, and banishes Rosalind. Celia decides to accompany her, along with a jester, Touchstone . Rosalind and Celia disguise themselves as "Ganymede", a boy, and "Aliena", respectively, and venture into the Forest of Arden, where they eventually encounter the exiled Duke. Orlando, deeply in love, posts love poems on the trees in praise of Rosalind. Orlando comes across Ganymede, who tells him he can teach Orlando how to cure love by pretending to be Rosalind. At the same time, Phoebe , a shepherdess, falls in love with Ganymede, though he  continually rejects her. Sylvius , a shepherd, is in love with Phoebe, which complicates the matter. Meanwhile, Touchstone attempts to marry the simple farmgirl, Audrey , before he can be stopped by Jaques , a Lord who lives with the exiled Duke. Orlando rescues Oliver from a lioness in the forest, causing Oliver to repent and re-embrace his brother. Ganymede, Orlando, Phoebe, and Silvius are brought together to sort out who marries whom. Ganymede proposes that Orlando promise to marry Rosalind, and Phoebe promise to marry Silvius if she cannot marry Ganymede. The next day, Rosalind reveals herself. Orlando and Rosalind, Oliver and Celia, Silvius and Phoebe, and Touchstone and Audrey are all then married, and they learn that Frederick has also repented and decided to reinstate his brother as the Duke.'] ['Anne Leeds is a school teacher with only four weeks of experience. She takes a part-time job as a secretary to an ex-bootlegger and horse playing gambler by the name of Rocco. He\'s a Broadway nightclub owner with a heart of gold who eventually falls in love with Anne. However, he knows he\'s too old for her, so keeps his feelings to himself. Eventually, Anne finds that she "thinks" she\'s in love with his younger partner Tony Armotti, a typical playboy type who is afraid to fall in love because it might mean marriage. Tony lives in a walkup apartment above the nightclub, where he often entertains beautiful women. The stairs to the apartment are on the alley behind the club. The entire nightclub loves Anne but Tony resents her because he wants to take care of her and protect her. Eventually after confronting Tony, Anne quits because Tony tells her he does not love her and never will. After she quits the entire nightclub patronizes Tony over whether Anne quit or was fired; So he goes to where she is currently working and after helping her escape when police raid the gambling den, convinces her to take back the job she quit from. The movie ends with Ivy singing This Could Be the Night.'] ["New York cartoonist Duffy Bergman  marries gourmet chef Meg Lloyd . Meg decides she wants to have a baby, and Duffy eventually agrees. After unsuccessfully trying for some time impregnate Meg, to comfort her, Duffy encourages her to focus on her career and come back to the issue of having a child later. After his mother's death, Duffy becomes fixated on wanting to have a child, which Meg no longer sees as a priority, as she's trying to open her own restaurant. The two start to have marital problems, leading to the two separating. Duffy speaks at a Delta Gamma sorority convention in Arizona and explains that the Delta Gammas have always been his dream girls—his Love Goddesses. There he meets the much younger Daphne Delillo . When Daphne moves to New York to work as a network sports reporter, their attraction develops into a relationship. Eventually she becomes pregnant, and although Duffy is happy to be having a baby, he become uncomfortable with how fast their relationship is progressing. Daphne eventually has a miscarriage. Duffy decides to stay with her, but Daphne breaks up with him, stating that they were really staying in the relationship for the baby. At his father's wedding, he hears news about Meg and goes to her restaurant and tries to reconcile with her, stating that he doesn't care if they don't have a baby and that he wants to be with her. He discovers that she has adopted a baby boy, and the two get back together."] ['Tony wants to be a hitman for the Mafia, but first he has to learn from a master. Enter Stevie "California" Rossellini - cool, eats veggie dogs and quotes Nietzsche. Greco may not agree with Stevie\'s style, but he has to complete his training so he can go back and kill the Mafia\'s accountant, who is about to turn state\'s evidence. His final test: kill whoever is supposedly randomly picked out of the yellow pages. His target: Angelica "Angel" Chaste, a very disturbed woman. Tony falls for Angel and fails to kill her, so Stevie sets out to finish the job.'] ['The film is about a gay couple, Jørgen and Jacob, who live in a happy partnership. One day Jacob asks Jørgen to marry him, and he happily accepts. But then Jacob falls in love with the woman Caroline, who happens to be married to Tom - Jørgens brother! Jacob is torn, because he wants both Jørgen and Caroline. When he gets Caroline pregnant, he decides to marry her, but in the church, just before the "I do", he changes his mind.'] ['Jagan  and Jamuna  meet in a shopping mall in Chennai. They like each other and spend a day chatting in the coffee shop. Jamuna, a believer in destiny, writes down her address and telephone number on a Rs.100 note and makes the payment at the cafe declaring that if the note comes back to Jagan then it means that he was destined to meet her. He tries hard to trace the note but in vain. Jamuna goes back to Kolkata. Meanwhile Pooja , who was rescued by Madhavan from some thugs, has a crush on him. Finally Jagan manages to get Jamuna address on the eve of her wedding and unites with her.This plot is derieved from the Hollywood film serendipity.'] ['A group of students run a website devoted to the girls who work at their local Burger King. When Ko-bong falls head over heels with new girl Hyo-jin, he promptly posts some pictures of her on the internet, and before long she becomes something of a local celebrity. However, little does he realize that his would-be girlfriend is in fact a North Korean spy who is trying to keep a low profile.'] ["Karen  and Paul  are about to get married. However, after his bachelor party, Paul wakes up next to Becky , a dancer at the party. Assuming they slept together, Paul rushes Becky out of his apartment and hopes never to see her again. He tries to cover up the connection for the few days before the wedding. Unfortunately, Becky unexpectedly shows up around town and turns out to be Karen's cousin. Even worse, Becky's ex-boyfriend cop Ray had Becky followed and photographed. Becky and Paul meet again to steal those pictures from Ray's apartment. Further problems arise with family and friends consistently showing up at the wrong times. Crabs, dirty underwear in the toilet tank, a horny best friend, and a best man/brother who is in love with the bride all provide for a week of wedding preparations."] ["Lee Leander  is arrested during the Christmas holidays for trying to shoplift a bracelet from a New York jewelry shop. Assistant District Attorney John Sargeant  is assigned to prosecute her. The trial begins just before Christmas, but rather than face a jury filled with the holiday spirit, he has the trial postponed. He generously posts her bail so she does not have to spend Christmas in jail. Discovering that Lee is a fellow Hoosier , he offers to drop her off on his way to visit his mother , cousin Willie , and aunt Emma ([[Elizabeth Patterson . During the road trip, they get lost in Pennsylvania and end up crashing through a fence and spending the night in a field. The next morning, they are arrested by a farmer and taken to an unfriendly justice of the peace. Lee starts a fire in his wastebasket as a distraction and the pair flee. When Lee's mother  gives her a cold reception, John decides to take Lee home with him. She is warmly received, even though John tells his mother about Lee's past. During the holiday, John and Lee fall in love. His mother has a private talk with her before she leaves, telling her how hard John had to work all his life to reach his present position. Lee agrees to give him up so as not to jeopardize his career. On the way back to New York via Canada , John offers Lee a chance to escape, but she turns down the opportunity. Back in New York, Lee is put on trial, but she pleads guilty when she realizes that John could get into trouble for attempting to throw her case. As she is led away, John proposes to her, and she tells him that if he still feels the same way when she gets out, she will marry him."] ["François  is a bored office worker with health problems. He visits a brothel and claiming to have won the lottery and millions of euros, he propositions Daniela , one of the prostitutes to live with him for the sum of 100,000 euros a month until his money runs out. She accepts. François' first doctor, André, is worried that Daniela's volcanic sexuality will cause François' heart to give out. The next day she takes François to beach and he loves that fresh air. They both starts running with hands wide out and cheering in joy. Then they both involve in sex inside François's car. That night André inquires them and finds their sexual activity that evening. Then André gives a moving speech about an idealistic and unrequited love he has for a nurse who later became his patient. Later, when Daniela suffers food poisoning and André is summoned to treat her, when she undresses he suffers a stroke and dies. At the funeral, François learns that André's nurse/patient/girlfriend had died some years before. The arrangement between Daniela and François seems to work for a little while until Daniela's former lover, Charly  demands money to allow the relationship to continue. François refuses and Daniela resumes being with Charly. While Daniela is having sex with Charly, she realizes she has really fallen in love with François who has meanwhile, started an affair with his next-door neighbor. The film concludes with a surreal pastiche of fantasy and conjecture which begins with François admitting that he never won the lottery. As the film has started somewhat as a complex story, it continues in the same way; till the last ten minutes wherein a comedic party starts. Daniela entices a friend of François and moves him away to sex. Seeing that, everyone comments her; but François is unmoved. Then the film ends, with the final shot picturing Daniela and François dining together. A new life starts for them."] ["Scotty McKay  is just an every day beach-bum who used to have it all, when he finds an attractive genie named Jeannie . Her mission is to assist Scotty. With Jeannie's help, Scotty has everything again and more, as Jeannie does his bidding and answers to his every beck and call; that is until he asks Jeannie to make him more desirable to the next door supermodel, Dana . Jeannie can't help as far as love is concerned, and besides, Dana is just not interested. Jeannie soon runs into problems when she finds herself attracted to Scotty and finds it difficult to help him win Dana's heart. The story ensues with a gamut of events resulting in mayhem."] ['After faithfully serving a full time mission for his church and marrying, Jonathan Jordan finds himself recently divorced and once again a member of the LDS single adult world&mdash; a world whose ultimate goal is Eternal Marriage. Disenchanted, Jordan stops going to church. He even creates a stand up routine lampooning the Mormon way of life. His resistance to the church continues until he falls for Cammie Giles, a member of the local singles ward. Suddenly, Jordan finds going to church more appealing. But is he attending church again just to impress her?'] ['Grace Bennett is a Texas high-school student who works as a waitress with her best friend Emma Perkins to save money for a trip to Paris after graduation. Grace’s stepfather pays for her stepsister Meg Kelly to serve as chaperone on the trip, despite Emma\'s boyfriend Owen proposing marriage to persuade her to stay. After being left behind by their tour guide, the three girls seek refuge from the Paris rain in a posh hotel. There, the hotel staff and paparazzi mistake Grace for celebutante British heiress Cordelia Winthrop-Scott, Grace\'s double, who leaves rather than stay to attend an auction for a Romanian charity for which she is to donate an expensive Bulgari necklace. The Americans spend the night in Cordelia’s suite, and the next day fly to Monte Carlo with Cordelia\'s luggage. At Monte Carlo the girls meet Theo Marchand, the son of the philanthropist hosting Cordelia. Theo dislikes Cordelia\'s spoiled nature but escorts them to a ball, where Grace successfully fools Cordelia\'s aunt Alicia and Emma dances with a prince. Meg reunites with Riley, an Australian backpacker she briefly met in Paris. They find they have things in common, and spend time together before he leaves for Italy. After Grace is unable to play polo well, Alicia discovers the impersonation. Believing that her spoiled niece hired a lookalike to take her place while she parties, and not wishing to disrupt the charity auction, Alicia threatens Grace to successfully continue the impersonation or be arrested. Theo is attracted to "Cordelia"\'s pleasant personality, while Emma\'s prince invites her to a party on a yacht. Emma briefly wears Cordelia\'s necklace before giving it to Meg for safekeeping, but at the yacht dislikes his arrogance toward the servants and leaves. Cordelia arrives in Monte Carlo, as does Owen, hoping to reconcile with Emma. After Owen mistakes Cordelia for Grace, Cordelia discovers the impersonation. She finds that the necklace is missing as Meg forgot to retrieve it from Riley\'s backpack before he left France, and calls the police. The girls fail to placate an angry Cordelia; although Riley discovers and returns the necklace, Cordelia threatens to withdraw the necklace from the auction. To prevent this, the girls tie Cordelia up so Grace can again impersonate her. Cordelia escapes, and reveals Grace\'s fraud at the auction. She demands that Grace be arrested, but after Grace\'s sincere public confession Alicia bids the unexpectedly large amount of €6 million for the necklace to save her. The film ends with Meg joining Riley on his travel around the world; Owen and Emma moving into their own home in Texas; and Theo Marchand and Grace reunited at the Romanian charity.'] ['Rebecca , a struggling photographer, finds her model boyfriend Richard  in bed with another woman. He also destroys all of her camera equipment. Her life falls apart, and she alternates between desire for revenge upon him, sexual promiscuity and abandonment of all hope of love. Her best friends, Michelle  and Carrie , try to set her up on dates. These include one with a freakish magician ([[Guillermo Díaz  and another with a man who gives her ecstasy and has a fetish for fish. She attempts to make Richard jealous by taking a director, who is reminiscent of Woody Allen, to a runway show, but he ends up vomiting on her breasts in front of everyone. Ultimately Rebecca realizes she should focus her energy on being with someone who truly loves her, and that turns out to be John , her nerdy but caring best male friend who has been supportive of her through the entire ordeal.'] ['Audry is expected to remain with her high-school boyfriend and become a successful fashion model, but she instead becomes interested in a man of mystery, a man with at least one manslaughter in his past. Many characters speculate about how many people he might have killed, and the stories of his past are taller every time they are told. A genius mechanic who is uncomfortable with relationships, he has to learn to adapt to the interest of this woman supposedly beyond his reach, and to learn to trust his instincts when he has to fight to win her back.'] ['David , a plumber who is unsuccessful with women, creates a new identity as David Coppolberg, a film director, as a way to meet women. Due to his good looks and unfamiliarity with film, which passes for inscrutability, he is considered an indie talent.http://www.ew.com/ew/article/0,,358336,00.html Complicating the situation is the script stolen from Toni , who in turn uses his success to further her own ambitions.'] ['A diverse group of couples, lesbians, gays and straights, all frequent a local bar and struggle to accept each others lifestyles.'] ['Set in the early 1970s, Jimmy McMahon  is an Irishman living in Liverpool who directs a céilidh band of young men who go to a competition of traditional Celtic music in Ireland in County Clare. A native Irish band directed by John Joe McMahon  is also present to compete as well, with animosity between Jimmy and John as they are brothers. The two brothers could not be more different, as they have taken different paths. There are multiple surprises for them as the competition takes place, with a familial twist at the very end.'] ["Rachel White  is a single attorney working in a New York law firm. After too many drinks on her 30th birthday, Rachel grabs a cab with Dex  and playfully reveals she has had a crush on him since law school. The problem is, Dex is also her best friend Darcy's  fiancé. They wake up in bed together the next morning to Darcy calling both of their phones. Dex sneaks out and they do not have time to speak about what happened between them. Rachel initially believes the encounter is a one night stand, but it is actually the beginning of a sincere affair once Dex tells Rachel he is in love with her. What also follows is a web of lies created by Rachel and Dex to Darcy and several others. Rachel continuously conjures up false stories of sexual relationships with Ethan and Marcus to cover up her sexual encounters with Dex. Ethan  has been friends with Darcy and Rachel since childhood. He is the only one who knows what has happened between Rachel and Dex, which he is reluctantly keeping a secret. Meanwhile, Dex's mother  has been suffering from depression for some time and Dex and Darcy's wedding is the only thing keeping her sane and happy. When Dex skips out on 4th of July weekend in the Hamptons to stay in the City and spend time with Rachel, they run into his parents. His father suspects something is going on between the two of them and he tells Dex to end it as soon as possible, saying that what he wants should not be considered a priority when it conflicts with what is right. Considering his mother and father's feelings, Dex gives Rachel the cold shoulder and leaves her to go back to Darcy. As the wedding nears, Dex and Rachel are speaking less and less. At the beach, their secret is almost revealed by Ethan, who is frustrated with Rachel, especially for lying to people she cares about, but Rachel stops him by hitting him in the face with a badminton racket. This results in his nose becoming very badly broken. Ethan is frustrated with Rachel because she doesn't see that he is the only one who really cares about her. That night at the bar, Rachel finally tells Dex that she wants him to call off the wedding so they can be together, but he tells her that he can't. Ethan moves to London for a job and Rachel flies out to visit him. He reveals that he loves her and just wants to see her happy, but is sad that Rachel refuses to see what's right in front of her. Rachel returns to New York to find Dex sitting on her doorstep. He reveals that he ended things with Darcy and called off the wedding. Rachel is ecstatic until Darcy ends up at her door begging to come in to talk. Dex hides and Darcy enters her apartment. She tells Rachel that she has been cheating on him with his friend Marcus. She is also pregnant with Marcus' child and says that they are very happy. Rachel gives her her blessing and Darcy proceeds to leave but only to return and ask what Dex's jacket is doing in her apartment. Dex then comes out and Darcy figures out Rachel is the other woman. She becomes infuriated and storms out of the apartment, telling Rachel that she hates her. Two months later, Rachel and Darcy run into each other on the street. They have not spoken since the incident and Darcy says that she is happy, but doesn't sound so convincing. Rachel is unapologetic for sleeping with Dex but is sorry for hurting Darcy. As they leave, they turn back and glance at each other, with Darcy smiling and waving. Rachel walks around the corner to Dex sitting on a bench. They walk down the street together. The film ends with an ambiguous scene during the credits. Darcy shows up to surprise Ethan in London; Ethan tries to ignore her and briskly walks away. The screen turns black with text indicating that the story is to be continued, which may indicate that a movie based on Something Blue, which is the book sequel to Something Borrowed,{{cite url}} will follow."] ["A young man who believes his girlfriend is cheating on him with an ex-boyfriend decides to follow his rival through Paris. Twenty-year-old François  is in love with the fiercely independent 25-year-old Anne . One morning, Anne's airline-pilot ex, Christian , visits her to tell her that it is over between them and that he will return to his wife. François just happens to see the two leave Anne's building together and becomes obsessed by the idea that she is cheating on him. As he strolls aimlessly through the streets of Paris, he catches sight of Christian in a café with another woman. As they leave and jump on a bus François decides to follow them. A 15-year-old girl he has never met, Lucie  figures out what he is up to and playfully joins in with his amateur espionage. Throughout the day, their stories and explanations for Christian's action become increasingly complex and outlandish. Eventually, they lose track of Christian in a taxi and they both leave, promising to write to each other if they ever found out what Christian was really up to. François returns to Anne where he discovers that all was not as it seemed between Christian and the blonde woman. Later that night François goes to Lucie's flat seemingly to put a postcard in her mail box. He spots Lucie embracing a young man, obviously returning from a date. He leaves, although stopping to drop the postcard into a mailbox."] ["Gambler Babe Steward  is in trouble with the law and decides to lie low in a small town. There he meets librarian Connie Randall  and attempts to seduce her. They flip a coin to decide whether or not to get married. The coin forces them to get married and Connie soon falls in love with Babe. Babe, meanwhile, continues his conning while telling Connie that he is working on Wall Street. Connie does not suspect anything until she finds Babe's marked cards in his desk. She shuffles the cards and when Babe plays a game of poker, he loses. Babe wants nothing more to do with Connie and leaves for Rio de Janeiro to win big money at cards. But, realizing that he loves Connie, he gives himself in to the police to serve his jail sentence. When Babe returns to a pregnant Connie, he does not suspect that she knows of his deception, but she does not say a word about it and in true Hollywood fashion, we are left to assume that the couple lives happily ever after."] ['The film is the third in director Castellani\'s "young love" trilogy (the first two being Sotto il sole di Roma  and È primavera.... The story concerns the romance between Carmela  and Antonio . The ardor is one-sided at first, but Carmela is a determined young woman, willing to scale and conquer any obstacle in pursuing her heart\'s desire. Once he\'s "hooked," Antonio scurries from job to job to prove his financial viability. Faced with the hostility of their parents, Carmela and Antonio symbolically shed themselves of all responsibilities to others in a climactic act of stark-naked bravado.'] ['The film begins with three aliens, one blue, one red, and one yellow, traveling to Earth in a flying saucer. While watching a holographic music video of a multi-coloured female of their species, they enter Earth\'s atmosphere somewhere over California. Valerie Gail  is a valley girl manicurist who works for the "Curl Up & Dye" hair salon. When she feels her cold fiancé Dr. Ted Gallagher  is slipping away, she attempts to seduce him with a new look; instead she catches him cheating on her with his nurse. She kicks him out and refuses to see him until the wedding. The next day, she is sunbathing when the aliens\' spaceship crash lands in her pool. Wanting them to blend in to their surroundings, she takes them to her friend Candy Pink . After shaving off the aliens\' fur, they turn out to be attractive men. They all go out and party at Los Angeles nightclubs. The three aliens — red Wiploc , yellow Zeebo  and blue Mac — absorb human  culture through ten minutes of television, and Valerie takes them on a tour of human culture. Valerie and Mac discover that they are much better off together and she leaves with them once the ship has been repaired.'] ["In Nelsonville, Ohio in 1956, the relationship between the introverted, clumsy Jonathan Bellah  and the nonconformist, extroverted Gene Harbrough  begins to develop. Jonathan's main objective is to win over the sexy Marilyn McCauley , in spite of his shyness, while Gene has his own love-life to maintain with his girlfriend Bunny Miller &mdash;as well as counseling Jonathan on how to attract women. Gene also has to defend himself from the class bully, Kenny , while trying to work out a borderline relationship with his widowed father, who has zero tolerances for his often wild escapades. Also, some scenes shot in Canal Winchester, Baltimore, Carroll and Lithopolis, Ohio."] ['The film opens on a dark film noir black and white scene where a 1940s style detective shoots a villain—for trying to return a late video. The lights come up, revealing that we are watching a commercial for Gumshoe Video, and the detective is Neil , the store\'s owner, who is premiering the ad for friends at a party at his modest cinephile video store. His girlfriend Denise , who appears in the commercial, does not show up at the celebration. The next day, Neil meets Denise at a restaurant, but before he goes to the table, he gets a waiter  to spill a glass of water on her, just to watch her overreact. She is not amused by the prank, and tells him he needs to get his life together instead of just watching movies and playing immature games. He casually breaks up with her, telling her she is not enough like Katharine Ross in Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid. Back at the store, Neil is watching a film with his friend/employee Jonathan , when femme fatale Violet  makes her entrance, turning his head. Violet has no identification or credit card for her rental deposit, so she persuades him to take $50 cash, which he puts in an envelope under his antique cash register. When she returns, she surreptitiously steals back the deposit, making him think he lost it, but she says he can take her out for a $50 dinner to make it up to her. At the date, Violet arrives first and pretends that she has already gotten really drunk. When Neil does not try to take advantage of the situation, she reveals her joke and they proceed with dinner. At her urging, they go to a Media Giant store – his corporate competitor – and hide in a closet until after the employees lock up for the night, then they switch a bunch of DVDs into the wrong cases and knock over some displays while fleeing. The next day, they spy on the Media Giant and see an employee talking to a police officer. Later, police detectives drop by Gumshoe Video to question Neil about the Media Giant break-in. Once they have completely scared him, Violet appears and she and the "cops" begin laughing hysterically at the ruse. A flummoxed Neil secretly trails Violet back to her house, where they end up in bed. Another day, Neil is leaving to meet Violet at the park when he runs into friends  who beg to come along and meet his new girlfriend. Violet feeds them another party\'s picnic meal and leaves them to answer for it. Neil tries to make their next date quieter, by watching a basketball game, but a bored Violet then does not want to stay the night. Later, he goes to see a band play at Jonathan\'s bar and spies her flirting with a musician. Jealous, he stages a rock guitar scene for her at their next date. After they have sex, she reveals that she just staged the club scene and tells him about all the musicians she has dated, including a bald, Polish, avant garde musician  who stalks her from city to city. Paranoid, Neil imagines that every bald white guy he sees is the stalker until Violet stages a scene where she has been tied to a chair by her ex, the Bald Giant, who turns out to be her friend Denis . Frustrated by Violet\'s tomfoolery, Neil breaks up with her. Neil runs into Denise and realizes that he treated her somewhat like Violet has treated him, and that he misses Violet and the excitement she created. So when she calls and tells him to come to her workplace, he does. She tricks him into stealing money from her job at an illegal casino, thinking it is another one of her fake scenes. He is shot at and chased. Neil is exhilarated by the crime, but Violet takes the money and lets him know he has been used. Neil is very distraught at another breakup, but Violet returns to say that the breakup was a joke too. Neil is initially infuriated, but Violet convinces him that his life is more interesting and adventurous with her in it. They make up and drive off in the new car Violet bought with some of the robbery money.'] ['Harry Wolper  is a Nobel Prize laureate in biology, obsessed by the possibility to clone his beloved late wife, Lucy. Helped by the student Boris Lafkin  and an eccentric egg-donor girl, Meli , Dr. Wolper finally succeeds in the cloning process, but the events leading to this achievement create strong bonds between himself and Meli, and also between Boris and his schoolmate, Barbara . In the end, Harry realizes that he is in love with Meli, and interrupts the cloning process dropping the last cells of Lucy into the sea.'] ['The story is set in Hope, England. It\'s Christmastime, and \'tis the season to put on Shakespeare\'s most cheery seasonal play: Hamlet. Joe Harper takes the project on as a Final Stand of sorts under the encouragement of his catty agent, advertising in the local newspaper for actors at a low price. From the rabble of actors both strange and untalented, he chooses the following: Hamlet: Joe Harper himself. Ophelia: Nina Raymond, a shortsighted well-meaning space cadet who has been using low-calorie mayonnaise for lotion because she can\'t make out the label. King Claudius: Henry Wakefield, a long-suffering and cynical old Englishman with a sharp tongue and a list of prejudices five miles  long, forced to room with Queen Gertrude\'s player. Queen Gertrude: Terry DuBois, a flamboyantly gay theatrical actor with a preoccupation for costume and an estranged son. Laertes, Fortinbras, and various: Tom Newman, an uptight, self-righteous character who foists his values on everyone else and attempts to distinguish his many characters with a variety of outrageous accents. Horatio, Bernardo: Not-so-subtle Carnforth Greville, an alcoholic in denial and a kindly bachelor with no memory for lines whatsoever. Polonius, Marcellus, and the First Gravedigger: Vernon Spatch, the ambitious techie\'s techie, self-imposed marketing director, and unofficial documentarian of the proceedings. Set Designer: Fadge, just Fadge, specializing in new-age art and obscure statements about "air," "space," and "fog." Close friends call her "Fa".'] ['The film starts with Cristina Moreno applying to Princeton University. She tells the story of her childhood in her college essay. Flor Moreno  is a poor, Mexican single mother who is hired as the housekeeper for John  and Deborah Clasky , their kids Bernice  and Georgie , and Deborah\'s mother Evelyn Wright , a rich American family. John is head chef at a popular restaurant, Deborah is a former businesswoman turned stay-at-home mother, and Evelyn is a former jazz singer. Flor speaks very little English. She does not mention that she has a daughter, Cristina . John, Evelyn, Georgie and Bernice are very likeable; Deborah, however, is uptight, her behavior often upsetting both households. Summer comes and Flor is needed 24/7 at the Claskys\' summer home. Unable to communicate well in English, Deborah finds a neighbor to interpret. Flor reveals that she is unable to maintain these hours because she has a daughter, so Cristina is invited to come stay with them. Cristina interprets for her mother. She impresses Deborah, who begins to treat her like a daughter, taking Cristina shopping, getting her hair done, enrolling her in a private school, and showing her more love than she does the sensitive Bernice. Flor becomes unhappy when it appears that Cristina is influenced by Deborah, in part because she wants Cristina to keep in touch with her Mexican roots and working-class values, and partly because Deborah is overstepping her bounds. Flor objects to Deborah\'s actions to John, who apologizes. Flor loses her temper when she finds out that John has given Cristina over $600 in cash for a minor task. She threatens to leave but John convinces her to stay for Cristina\'s sake. Flor begins to learn English so she can communicate better. She becomes closer to John, who is having difficulty with Deborah\'s self-centered behavior. The alcoholic Evelyn realizes that her daughter is having an affair and that her marriage is in trouble. She pleads with Deborah to end the affair, telling her she\'ll never get another man as good as John. Deborah confesses to John that she cheated on him. John walks out and gives Flor a ride in his car. They go to his restaurant, where he cooks for Flor and they enjoy the "conversation of their lives," feeling love for one another. Flor quits and takes her daughter home, upsetting Cristina, who got along well with the Claskys. On their way home, she tells Cristina that she can\'t go to the private school anymore either, upsetting Cristina even more; she screams in the middle of the street that Flor can\'t do this to her and that her life is ruined. Flor loses patience with Cristina after she asks her mother for space. Flor explains to her daughter that she must answer the most important question of her life, at a very young age: "Is what you want for yourself to become someone very different than me?" Cristina considers this on their bus ride home, and they make up and embrace. The film ends with Cristina as an adult, years later, acknowledging that her life rests firmly and happily on the simple fact that she is her mother\'s daughter.'] ['{{plot}} A voice over says, "No, that\'s not right." The scenario is repeated with adjustments until the voice is eventually satisfied. The screen fades to Cathy Palmer  sitting at a typewriter, finishing up the story. She seals it in an envelope and sends it off. Later, her husband, Kevin , comes home and she tells him about entering a contest to write a short story following the "Rebecca Ryan" series of novels. Kevin is patronizing, telling her, "The important thing, kid, is that you\'re doing something you like to do". Cathy is notified by mail that she has won the contest, including an all-expense paid trip to Paris for two, an Award ceremony and a meeting with the author of the "Rebecca Ryan" novels. Kevin is uninterested in the trip and tries to persuade her to decline, but she goes on the trip alone. While sightseeing in Paris, her purse is snatched. Chasing the thief, she runs into a street where she is knocked down by a car. The accident leaves Cathy with amnesia; she thinks she is the detective, Rebecca Ryan. She escapes from the hospital and assumes Rebecca\'s dashing persona, lavish wardrobe, and residence at the Hôtel de Crillon. When she returns to her apartment, she is greeted by Alan McMann , who thinks she is a clerical assistant he has requested from an agency. Rebecca ignores all of the tasks he assigns her, instead believing that Alan is Rebecca\'s sidekick, Dimitri. Rebecca is convinced that she must save Victor Marchand , the leader of the opposition party, from an assassination plot. Rebecca and Alan chase Victor around Paris in an attempt to protect him from the  murder plot, with Victor instead getting injured several times from Rebecca\'s rescues. They are also running from a shadowy figure. Rebecca and Alan flee to Alan\'s mother\'s house. While there, Alan and Rebecca consummate their relationship. But there\'s a shadowy figure outside the window... Kevin enters the house and meets Rebecca & Alan coming down the stairs. Kevin punches Alan, and Cathy recognizes her husband and is shocked out of her amnesia. She faints. While recovering at a hospital, Cathy apologizes to Alan for her delusions and bids him goodbye. At the airport, she realizes that she does not want to go home with Kevin. She leaves Kevin at the airport, and returns to the hotel to find Alan. They embrace, and are soon kidnapped. Cathy and Alan learn their kidnapper is Victor, the man they\'d been trying to "protect" all along. Victor has been seriously injured from Rebecca\'s repeated rescue attempts, and is clad in neck brace and arm sling, and walks with a cane. Victor reveals that he is running a drug-smuggling operation, and he believes that Cathy and Alan know about his secret criminal dealings. Alan tries to tell Victor the truth about Cathy\'s accidental amnesia and series of lucky coincidences, but Victor doesn\'t believe them. Cathy and Alan manage to escape from their bonds and jump into the river, eluding Victor and his henchmen. Cut to... A living room. Cathy and Alan  are reading the manuscript of the most recent Rebecca Ryan novel to Cathy\'s two children. They get to the end of the chapter, and pack the kids off to bed, in spite of the children\'s demands to know "what happens next". The film ends with some banter and cuddling where Alan and Cathy tease that the next part of the Rebecca Ryan story  is too sexy to be written down.'] ["{{Expand section}} A man who doesn't like stable work environments has been away for too many years when he finds out his wife has divorced him and is planning to remarry. He comes home to confront her, trying to convince her not to get married, aided by their daughter, who loves him despite his wandering ways. The couple finds out they still have feelings for each other but must decide how best to handle the contradiction of their lifestyles."] ['The story revolves around Chinna , a village youth who receives sympathy because he is a hunchback and is lauded for selfless service to others. He covers up his handicap with humor. Unmindful of his looks, Chinna goes around looking for a suitable bride with the help of his friend . Brushing aside many an insult hurled at him, he carries on. In contrast is Karthik , a violent college student, who loves his classmate Priya . She meets Chinna, who assures her that he would get her married to the man of her dreams. However, she is killed in a fracas involving a gangster. Meanwhile, the hunchback Surya comes across an orphaned poor blind girl, Shenbagam . He wins over her heart by helping her out. Thanks to his efforts, she gains her vision . This results in a tussle between Chinna and Karthik as to whom Shenbagam now belongs. However, fearing his looks, the hunchback, Chinna, decides to give way to the other. But fate has other things in store for him...'] ['Alexandre  is frustrated with his fiancé, Laure , whose idea of a romantic Valentine\'s Day gift is a pair of slippers. The passion and magic of their initial courtship has been replaced by routine and boredom. Needing to get away, Alexandre visits the beachfront cottage of his friends, Ti  and Maude . There he meets a beautiful young woman, Fanfan , who is Maude\'s granddaughter and a student at Maude\'s school, studying to become a perfumer or Nose. Although they sleep in the same bed that night, Alexandre avoids any physical contact. The next day they are joined by Ti and Maude, who become confidants to their guests. Fanfan takes Alexandre to an old abandoned house where they learn more about each other in the quiet comfort of her childhood "hideout". Back at his apartment, Alexandre discovers his fiancé in the bedroom dressed as an Italian call girl, hoping the charade will excite his libido and rejuvenate their relationship—but the charade does not work. Later at her parents\' house, Alexandre becomes even more discouraged by Laure\'s father\'s talk of him joining the funeral business and the gloomy outlook on marriage. Meanwhile, Fanfan confesses to a friend that she is in love with Alexandre. For Alexandre, however, things are more complicated. He explains to Ti that his past relationships have all followed the same disappointing pattern—the seduction and passion at the start is inevitably replaced with routine and boredom once a relationship becomes sexual. When asked what the alternative is, Alexandre offers his solution: Platonic love. To avoid the banality of "coupledom" in his new relationship with Fanfan, he will court her forever without ever revealing his love for her. He\'ll never kiss her or take their relationship to a physical level, reasoning that excitement is found in unfulfilled desire. He will stay with Laure physically, but will stay in love with Fanfan forever. Alexandre and Fanfan meet for a date at a beautiful upscale apartment, which Alexandre says belongs to his father. While Fanfan reveals personal and intimate details about her life, Alexandre prepares all her favorite foods from childhood, and the two share a romantic evening by candlelight. The perfect evening is interrupted, however, when the apartment\'s owner returns home with his wife, who proceeds to call the police as Alexandre and Fanfan make their escape. Alexandre blindfolds Fanfan and drives her to a television studio to a set designed to be Vienna in 1813. He dresses her in a ballroom gown, removes the blindfold, and they waltz together, gazing lovingly into each other\'s eyes. They end their magical evening with a bottle of champaigne on an imaginary balcony overlooking an imaginary Vienna, with Alexandre proposing a toast to their "friendship". Fanfan is clearly disappointed and annoyed with Alexandre\'s talk of "friendship", and she asks to be dropped off at the home of her friend Paul—a sculptor doing a nude study of her. Alexandre returns home to an equally annoyed Laure, who suspects he\'s been with another woman. Alexandre admits it, but assures her that nothing will ever come of it. As Laure plans out their wedding, Alexandre can actually see them turning into her parents. Laure knows something is wrong, saying, "I wish I weren\'t yours so you would want me again." Meanwhile, Fanfan complains to Maude about Alesandre\'s strange behavior. Unlike Alexandre, Fanfan believes in "eternal passion for life." Fanfan learns from Maude that Alexandre has been living with Laure for five years. Alexandre and Fanfan continue to socialize as friends, but the "friendship" only creates more frustration. They meet at a restaurant and Fanfan gives him an ultimatum: he must choose between Laure and her. While Alexandre claims to want only friendship, Fanfan knows he is attracted to her by his scent. Later when she isn\'t looking, Alexandre pours sleeping powder in her drink, and she falls into a deep sleep on the ride home. She wakes up on the beach at the cottage, where Alexandre watches over her and applies suntan lotion sensually on her back. Tempted by the half-naked Fanfan, he moves to kiss her when suddenly Laure arrives by boat and announces that the wedding plans are set and that she is pregnant. After congratulating the couple, Fanfan leaves in disgust. Unable to concentrate on her studies, Fanfan fails her perfumer final exams. Meanwhile, Alexandre discovers that Laure lied about being pregnant, and after he throws away the wedding invitations, Laure calls off the wedding. Alexandre then sees Fanfan boarding a bus to Italy, and he chases after her. When he reaches the bus at the next stop, he does not get on, and the bus pulls away. Later, Ti warns him that Fanfan will not wait forever. When Alexandre learns that she will be in Italy for ten days, he sets in motion his next plan. He rents the apartment next to Fanfan\'s apartment, knocks out the dividing wall, and installs a two-way mirror so he can see into her apartment while remaining hidden. Back from Italy, Fanfan and Alexandre arrange to spend the weekend at the beach cottage as friends. At the train station, however, Fanfan surprises Alexandre by bringing her sculptor friend, Paul. Clearly disappointed and jealous, Alexandre tells her that he and Laure have broken up and that her pregnancy was a lie. Fanfan simply responds, "Too late." At the beach, Paul announces that he and Fanfan are getting married, but back at the apartment, Alexandre discovers through the two-way mirror that their wedding plans were just a ruse to make Alexandre jealous, and that Fanfan is still in love with him. Later, after learning about the two-way mirror, Fanfan confronts Alexandre who is hidden behind the mirror. He confesses he did not get on the bus to Italy that day because he knew that in five years he would no longer be running after the bus. They kiss and embrace each other tenderly through the glass, but Fanfan says she needs more. "I need to feel you in me," she says, but Alexandre cannot respond. Exasperated, Fanfan gives him another ultimatum: if he is not in her room by 10:00 pm, he\'ll never see her again. Alexandre does not show, and when he returns to his apartment, he sees that she\'s moved out and left a note that she is going to see her sister. Devastated that she\'s gone, Alexandre calls Maude only to find out that Fanfan\'s sister is dead, and she could not see her other than by committing a suicide. Alexandre envisions trying to get to Fanfan through endless bridal veil, and cries for being too late to touch her living body. Just then the mirror is cracked—Fanfan has broken the wall of glass between them. The two kiss and embrace, and Fanfan tells him he has until the morning to win her back.'] ['The story is about a three-armed man on a journey from Lampang to Bangkok who meets a young woman and the two experience various misadventures and grow closer together.'] ['{{Plot}} New York firefighter Patrick Sullivan  had no idea his seemingly idyllic life was about to go up in smoke — especially as the unwitting, second-hand recipient of advice from famed love expert and radio host Dr. Emma Lloyd . One day he is a happy-go-lucky guy looking forward to a life with his soon-to-be-bride. Then, his fiancée, Sophia , is seeking couples counseling on the radio from Dr. Lloyd. Lloyd questions Sophia’s concept of romantic love and advises her to break their engagement, which she swiftly does. Patrick is so upset that when he hears that Emma is about to be married herself, he allows his young neighbour, an Indian computer whiz-kid to hack into public records and create a fake marriage between himself and Emma, because he wants to force a confrontation. Emma is told she cannot marry her perfect-gentleman fiancé, Richard , because she is already married. She has no choice but to confront Patrick, who after stringing her along with lie upon lie, finds out that he is attracted to her, and makes a play for her romantically. He proceeds to inject himself into her life, causes her to have to lie herself, to her beloved fiancé. Emma is drawn to his immense charisma but tries to ignore it. Emma needs Patrick’s help desperately because he has to sign the annulment papers so that she can marry Richard. Patrick delays this process long enough so that he can get enough time to spend with Emma. At one point, Patrick acts as her fiancé Richard and Emma doesn’t deny the pretence because of some people watching them while tasting a wedding cake. Unknown to Emma, one of the ladies there happens to be the wife of a man Richard is doing business with. This particular man decides to stop his deals with Richard and is planning to tell him in so during a banquet where both Richard and Emma are attending. This lady  meets Emma during the banquet and tells her of the same. Emma wants to save Richard’s business, but she is in a dilemma because the lady believes Patrick to be Richard. It so happens that Patrick arrives there at the banquet. Not knowing what else to do, Emma continues to pretend that Patrick is her fiancé Richard and that Richard is her brother Carl. Matters get worse when Patrick and Emma are invited to dinner with Richard’s business partner and his wife. But the funny side is that Patrick charms the businessman so much that he decides to change his decision and continue business with "Richard". Later, Emma and Patrick go to dinner with the businessman. Patrick then takes them on a surprise visit to a special event. Patrick stays with an Indian family and is quite close to them. They support and encourage him through his difficult times. It is to a Hindu "sacred thread ceremony"  rite-of-passage ritual, that Patrick takes Emma and the businessman’s family. The computer whiz-kid is the one getting initiated. Emma and the other guests have a really good time there, and it is there that she sees a whole new side of Patrick, who had been repulsive to her so far. There is a slight spark of attraction, but Emma flees the scene before anything else can happen. Patrick continues to pursue her later, and even comes to visit her in her radio studio. There they have a confrontation and then board a lift, continuing their argument. Suddenly Patrick asks the other occupants of the lift to leave and they do so after seeing his fireman’s badge. He then locks the lift and then proceeds to kiss Emma. They have quite a passionate time, not knowing that they are being viewed by the security staff on the camera at the top of the lift. Soon Emma can not deny her attraction to Patrick anymore and decides to call off her wedding. She goes to Patrick’s lodgings and they make love that night. It is only the next morning that she finds out that Patrick had been keeping tabs on her and stalking her. Patrick then confesses that he had initially wanted to teach her a lesson about love but then fell for her. She is so hurt that he had been using her. She then goes back to the honourable Richard, who still loves her and says that she wants to marry him. Richard tells Patrick to leave Emma alone. Patrick also decides to let Emma go because by this point, he feels he will always have to question her resolve and honesty. But both Patrick and Emma are miserable with their separate lives. One day before her wedding, Patrick calls her at the radio station and tells her that he loves her. She does not answer him. She confides in her father and asks his advice. He tells her that the decision is hers. At the next day, Emma and her guests arrive early to the church and are getting ready for the wedding. There, Richard tells her that he wants her to be happy and decides to let her marry the man she has fallen in love with. Richard had also heard the radio show the night before and recognized Patrick telling Emma of his love for her. Richard then walks away while Emma activates the sprinkler system with a burning paper. The sprinklers drench the guests who then leave the church to dry. During this time, Emma’s father calls the fire department where Patrick works and asks them to come to the church. When Patrick arrives there, they get married, and live happily ever after. The final scene shifts to a year later where it is shown that Emma is pregnant, and that she and Patrick are still very much in love. The movie ends with a Tamil song ""Swasame"" from the movie Thenali in the background.Jane Beal, PhD "The Accidental Husband" http://thepoetryplace.wordpress.com/2010/03/06/the-accidental-husband/'] ['Josch Klauser , Mike  and their younger sister Nic  experience ups and downs in search for their first love. Josch is the oldest of the three. He is a big fan of Dracula, and mentally handicapped. He falls in love with Nadine , who is the girlfriend of his brother Mike.'] ["San Francisco ad man Teddy Pierce is amused by, then obsessed with a beautiful woman whose red dress goes whooshing over her head from a gust of wind as she crosses a grate. Teddy is happily married to Didi, but he can't get this woman out of his mind. Encouraged by his friends Buddy, Joe and Michael, he tries to ask her for a date but mistakenly phones Ms. Milner, a plain ad-agency employee, instead. Teddy ultimately does become acquainted with the woman, a model named Charlotte. He begins using elaborate ruses to see her socially without his wife finding out. Meanwhile, he incurs the wrath of Ms. Milner, whom he stands up. Events come to a head in Charlotte's high-rise apartment, where she invites Teddy into her bed. He is thrilled until her airline pilot husband suddenly comes home. Teddy ends up on a ledge, where passersby below believe he is a potential suicide about to jump. The sub plot of the film concerns Teddy's friendship with his three friends , their intimate relationships with others, and the way their personal decisions both intrigue and affect Teddy."] ['Book of Love is a mockumentary following the unrelated stories of three L.A. bachelors  as they recover from a series of unhealthy relationships. The team of average Joes are no match for their manipulative girlfriends , however, and the over eager men are taken for all they\'re worth. It\'s this manipulative, self-serving treatment that drives the young bachelors into behaving like "dogs" themselves. Written and directed by Jeffrey Byrd, Book of Love was produced by both BET Studios and 5th GearEntertainment, and eventually released by Strange Fruit Films.'] ["The Young Girl and the Monsoon centers around a fraught relationship between father and daughter. Hank a 39-year-old photo-journalist  has agreed to look after his 13-year-old daughter Constance  for several weeks, while his ex-wife goes on a holiday with her new husband. Hank has compartmentalized his life in such a way that his daughter doesn't know anything about his 26-year-old girlfriend, Erin . Suddenly Erin wants to marry Hank and have his children, but he can't cope and drops her. Just as Hank has a chance of winning a prestigious journalistic award, he finds his private life a little too much to handle. His daughter cannot understand how he can take war photographs and not do anything about what he photographs. She is going through the emotional swings of a growing adolescent and the scenes between father and daughter, Kinney and Muth, are seen as the most impressive aspect of the film.New York Times review and FilmCritic.com review."] ['A gorgeous actress named Didi  has become more famous for commercials involving bubble baths than for acting. Fed up with the situation, she winds up running away for a while to Oregon, where she encounters a middle-aged married man  who quickly becomes extremely anxious to explore their acquaintance further.'] ['Immensely popular Democratic President Andrew Shepherd  is preparing to run for re-election. The President and his staff, led by Chief of Staff A.J. MacInerney , attempt to consolidate the administration\'s 63% approval rating by passing a moderate crime control bill. However, support for the bill in both parties is tepid: conservatives do not want it, and liberals think it is too weak. If it passes, though, Shepherd\'s re-election is presumed by his staff to be a shoo-in, and Shepherd resolves to announce the bill, and the Congressional support to pass it, by the State of the Union. With the President of France about to arrive in the United States to attend a state dinner in his honor, Shepherd – widowed when his wife died of cancer three years earlier – is placed in an awkward predicament when his cousin, with whom he had planned to attend the dinner, gets sick. The President\'s attention soon focuses on Sydney Ellen Wade , just hired by an environmental lobbying firm to persuade the President to pass legislation committing his Administration to substantially reduce carbon dioxide emissions. During their first meeting, Shepherd and Wade are immediately intrigued by each other. At this meeting, Shepherd strikes a deal with Wade: if she can secure 24 votes for the environmental bill by the date of the State of the Union, he will deliver the last ten. Whatever his personal feelings towards Wade, he expresses this to his staff, especially the pragmatic A.J., as a sound political move. He believes Wade will not be able to get enough votes to meet her side of the deal, thus releasing Shepherd from responsibility if the bill fails to pass. Later that evening, in a series of phone calls, Shepherd invites Wade to the state dinner. During the State dinner and subsequent occasions, the couple fall in love. When the Republican presidential hopeful Bob Rumson  learns "the President\'s got a girlfriend", he steps up his attacks on Shepherd and Wade, focusing on Wade\'s activist past and maligning Shepherd\'s ethics and his family values. The President refuses to respond to these attacks, which drives his approval ratings lower and costs him crucial political support, without which his crime bill seems doomed to failure. At the White House Christmas Party, Wade is dejected about her meeting that day with three Congressmen from Michigan about the environmental bill and how it was a dismal failure; in the process, she inadvertently mentions to the President and McInerney that the Congressmen in question said the only bill they were more interested in defeating than the President\'s crime bill was Wade\'s environmental bill. Shepherd and McInerney are conflicted by this information as Wade clearly had no idea of the implications of this casual conversation, much less that they might actually use this information in their favor and against her environmental bill. Eventually, Wade does manage to get enough votes to meet her part of the deal. However, in the meantime, Shepherd\'s team discovers he is exactly three votes short, with no other apparent options to acquire them except by shelving the environmental bill, thus solidifying the support of the three Congressmen from Michigan – which he agrees to do. This results in disaster for Wade as she is immediately fired from her lobbyist job, as she failed to achieve her objectives, as well as seemingly jeopardizing her political reputation. She visits the White House to break up with Shepherd and says that she has a job possibility in Hartford, Connecticut. He tells her politics is making choices, his number one priority has always been the crime control bill, and that he does not want to lose her over this. She congratulates him on getting the leverage to pass a crime bill that in no way will help fight crime. She concludes, "Mr. President, you have bigger problems than losing me – you\'ve just lost my vote." On the morning that he is to deliver his State of the Union Address to Congress, he makes a surprise appearance in the White House press room and eloquently rebuts Rumson\'s attacks on Wade\'s past and his own values and character. He declares he will send the controversial environmental bill to Congress with a massive 20% cut in fossil fuels - far more than the 10% originally envisaged - and that he is withdrawing his support for the weak crime bill, promising to write a stronger one in due time. In his speech he even promises gun control, in an attempt at root-and-branch solving of America\'s problems. His passionate and erudite defense of those things in which he believes, in contrast to his earlier passive behavior, galvanizes the press and his staff. Shepherd declares he is "going over to her house and I\'m not leaving until I get her back", but Wade enters the Oval Office before he can leave. The couple is reconciled and the President, accompanied by Wade, leaves to give his State of the Union Address. The movie ends with Shepherd entering the House chamber to thunderous applause.'] ["A young girl's loyalty to the Communist Party is tested in Prague when she falls in love with an attache who has just arrived from the United States."] ['An Australian heiress, Alexandra , hires Carlos , a down on his luck tourist, after her father vetoes her burly, life-of-the-party boyfriend, Bruce ([[Vernon Wells . Carlos is a waiter working in a Mexican restaurant located in Sydney, Australia.'] ['Seventeen-year-old Megan  is a sunny high school senior who loves cheerleading and is dating football player Jared . She does not enjoy kissing Jared, however, and prefers looking at her fellow cheerleaders. Combined with Megan\'s interest in vegetarianism and Melissa Etheridge, her family and friends suspect that Megan is in fact a lesbian. With the help of ex-gay Mike , they surprise her with an intervention. Following this confrontation, Megan is sent to True Directions, a reparative therapy camp which uses a five-step program  to convert its campers to heterosexuality. At True Directions, Megan meets the founder, strict disciplinarian Mary Brown , Mary\'s supposedly heterosexual son Rock ,In A Critical Introduction to Queer Theory, Nikki Sullivan calls Rock "overtly homosexual" and says that Mary\'s desire to cure her son of homosexuality is the inspiration for the True Directions program. <ref name"nb" and a group of young people trying to "cure" themselves of their homosexuality. With the prompting of Mary and the other campers, Megan reluctantly agrees that she is a lesbian. This fact, at odds with her traditional, religious upbringing, distresses her and she puts every effort into becoming heterosexual. Early on in her stay at True Directions, Megan discovers two of the boys, Dolph and Clayton , making out. She panics and screams, leading to their discovery by Mike. Dolph is made to leave and Clayton is punished by being forced into isolation. The True Directions program involves the campers admitting their homosexuality, rediscovering their gender identity by performing stereotypically gender-associated tasks, finding the root of their homosexuality, demystifying the opposite sex, and simulating heterosexual intercourse. Over the course of the program, Megan becomes friends with another girl at the camp, a college student named Graham  who, though more comfortable being gay than Megan, was forced to the camp at the risk of otherwise being disowned by her family. The True Directions kids are encouraged to rebel against Mary by two of her former students, ex-ex-gays Larry and Lloyd , who take the campers to a local gay bar where Graham and Megan\'s relationship develops into a romance. When Mary discovers the trip, she makes them all picket Larry and Lloyd\'s house, carrying placards and shouting homophobic abuse. Megan and Graham sneak away one night to have sex and begin to fall in love. When Mary finds out, Megan, now at ease with her sexual identity, is unrepentant. She is made to leave True Directions and, now homeless, goes to stay with Larry and Lloyd. Graham, afraid to defy her father, remains at the camp. Megan and Dolph, who is also living with Larry and Lloyd, plan to win back Graham and Clayton. Megan and Dolph infiltrate the True Directions graduation ceremony where Dolph easily coaxes Clayton away. Megan entreats Graham to join them as well, but Graham nervously declines. Megan then performs a cheer for Graham and tells her that she loves her, finally winning Graham over. They drive off with Dolph and Clayton. The final scene of the film shows Megan\'s parents  attending a PFLAG meeting to come to terms with their daughter\'s homosexuality.'] ["Two college graduates find themselves back home in New Jersey stuck behind the counter of a pizza parlor and frustrated about their life's perspectives, while their friends move on, struggle to find a new direction for their lives. Dennis feels overtaken by those he outstripped at high school while Phil re-encounters an ex-girlfriend he left behind. In the meantime, dealing with problems created by some money missing from the restaurant, the pair begin meeting old acquaintances and trying to pull themselves up and reorganize their plans for the future."] ['After being dumped by her boyfriend just before their 100 day anniversary, Ha-Young  meets a college guy named Hyung-Joon when she kicks a can that accidentally hits him in the face and causes him to scratch his Lexus. He demands she pay him $3000 on the spot. She escapes from him, leaving her wallet behind. Hyung-Joon stalks her, demanding money to pay for his car. Since she is a poor high school student Hyung-Joon writes up a "Enslavement Agreement" for Ha-Young in order to pay for the damage to his car. Ha-Young is thrown into a nightmarish slave life for 100 days, running his errands, i.e.: cleaning his house, carrying his shopping, and cleaning his car. By accident she finds out that the damage to Hyung-Joon\'s car that\'s only $10! She then takes her revenge. However, before she knows it Hyung-Joon shows up at her house as her new tutor! He once again takes advantage of her, but soon Ha-Young finds herself falling head over heels for Hyung-Joon. But what happens when he drops out of her life just when she needs him most? The original Korean title can be literally translated as "my love, the asshole," or, more roughly, as "my love, the no-manners".'] ["Josh and Dinah Barkley  are a husband-and-wife musical comedy team at the peak of their careers. After finishing a new show, Dinah meets serious French playwright Jacques Pierre Barredout , who suggests that Dinah should take up dramatic acting. Dinah tries to keep the suggestion a secret from Josh, but when he finally discovers Dinah hiding a script for Jacques' new show from him, the couple splits up. Their good friend, acerbic composer Ezra Miller  tries to trick them back together again, but fails. When Josh secretly watches Dinah's rehearsals for Barredout's new play and sees how she is struggling, he calls her up and pretends to be the Frenchman, giving her notes that help her to understand her part, the young Sara Bernhardt. As the result, Dinah gives a brilliant performance. After the show, she accidentally learns that her late-night mentor was Josh and not Barredout, so she rushes to Josh's apartment and the two reconcile."] ["In Vienna in 1922 daily life is dominated by inflation and unemployment. In the evenings, the population attempt to divert themselves from the miseries of the economic situation by indulgence and excess in bars and clubs. Morale is low, and sinking further. Through the failed speculations of the president of her bank, Valerie Gärtner, a student of applied art in Vienna, loses the small property on which she and her mother live. Torresani, an art dealer, notices her distress and buys some ceramics from her. He also offers her financial support in the form of a monthly allowance. Valerie however, in the belief that he would expect something unacceptable from her in return for this money, rejects the offer with disgust. Nevertheless, when some time later she has no further options left, she again approaches Torresani for help. He is now able to convince her that he is not looking for something in return, but is genuinely trying to help her, and in due course the two become good friends. One day, when Torresani is unable to keep an appointment with her, he sends in his place Kinz, the tutor of his sons. Kinz believes that Valerie is Torresani's mistress and his initial demeanour towards her is therefore extremely cold. During the course of the evening however he falls in love with her. Valerie in the meantime learns from Kinz that Torresani has a wife and two children, and she decides that she can no longer accept the monthly cheques. BUt a friend of hers, who disagrees with Valerie's decision, intercepts the next cheque and cashes it in Valerie's place. The friend later regrets her deceit and visits Torresani's house to confess and put things right. But when she arrives she is unable to get a word in edgeways and is sent away again with a letter for Valerie. Valerie assumes that it is a letter of farewell from Torresani, and immediately goes to his house, where however she is received in an unexpectedly friendly way by his wife. It now appears that the letter was an invitation to a party. Kinz had convinced Frau Torresani that her husband was having an affair. The misunderstanding is now cleared up, and Kinz himself is now put on the defensive, and at last becomes aware of his own true feelings for Valerie."] ["The film opens with Carla Bennett  and Lou  waiting in front of a New York building where their boyfriends live. In conversing, they find out Blake Allen  is their duplicitous boyfriend. In the first minutes of the film Blake is revealed to be a narcissistic actor, dating both of them on the side while claiming to visit his ill mother on the other days. The women wait for Blake inside his loft and confront him together. The remainder of the film takes place inside the loft, where Blake tries to talk his way out of trouble. In the end, both girls reveal that they have been unfaithful. Carla and Blake have sex, but Lou's suggestion of a threesome is rejected. His mother dies at the end of the film and Carla comforts him."] ['After being told he is too short for a carnival ride while attempting to impress an older girl , 12-year-old Josh Baskin  from Cliffside Park, New Jersey goes to a wishing machine called Zoltar Speaks, and wishes that he was "big." The machine notifies Josh that his wish has been granted, but he finds out that the machine is unplugged and continues to operate despite a lack of power. By the next morning Josh is shocked to discover that he has been transformed into a 30-year-old man , and when he goes back to the wishing machine he finds that the carnival has been disassembled. Fleeing from his mother , who thinks he is a strange man who has kidnapped her son, Josh then finds his best friend, Billy Kopecki , at the school they both attend; Billy is shocked at first, but Josh convinces him of his identity by singing a secret song that only the two of them know. With Billy\'s help, he learns that it would take a couple of months to find the Zoltar Speaks machine, so Josh rents a flophouse room in New York City and obtains a job as a data entry clerk at MacMillan Toy Company. By chance, Josh meets the company\'s owner, Mr. MacMillan , at FAO Schwarz, and impresses him with both his extensive insight into current toys and his happy-go-lucky childlike enthusiasm. In an iconic scene, the two end up playing a duet together on a foot-operated electronic keyboard, performing "Heart and Soul" and "Chopsticks". This earns Josh a promotion to a dream job: testing toys all day long and getting paid for it. With his promotion, Josh\'s larger salary enables him to move out of the working man\'s hotel and into a spacious apartment, which he and Billy fill with toys, their own Pepsi vending machine and a pinball machine. Josh soon attracts the attention of Susan Lawrence , a fellow toy executive. A romance begins to develop, much to the annoyance of Susan\'s competitive boyfriend, Paul Davenport ([[John Heard . Josh becomes increasingly entwined in his "adult" life by spending more time with Susan, mingling with her friends and moving in with her. His new ideas become valuable assets to MacMillan Toys; however, Billy begins feeling annoyed and neglected, and that Josh has forgotten who he really is. MacMillan asks Josh to come up with proposals for a new line of toys. Josh is intimidated by the need to formulate the business aspects of such a proposal, and Susan insists that she will handle the business end; that Josh need only rely on his affinity for toys to come up with a good idea. Nonetheless, Josh soon begins to feel overly pressured by this new life. When he expresses doubts to Susan and attempts to explain that he is really a child, she interprets this as fear of commitment on his part, and dismisses his explanation in frustration. Longing to return to the life of a child, Josh eventually learns from Billy that the Zoltar Speaks machine is at Sea Point Park. In the middle of presenting their proposal to MacMillan and other executives, Josh leaves. After Susan realizes something is wrong, she leaves as well and encounters Billy, who tells her where Josh went. At the park, Josh finds the machine and makes a wish to become "a kid again." He is then confronted by Susan, who, seeing the machine and the fortune it gave Josh, realizes he was telling the truth. Susan becomes despondent at realizing their relationship is over. Josh tells Susan she was the one thing about his adult life he wishes would not end, and suggests she use the machine to turn herself into a little girl. She declines, indicating that being a child once was enough, and takes Josh home. After sharing an emotional goodbye, Josh, now 13, reverts to his child form and is reunited with his family.'] ['Joe Scheffer  is a recently divorced single parent, and a talented audio/visual specialist at STARKe Pharmeceuticals, his place of employment. One day Joe pulls into the parking lot at work to find his co-worker Mark McKinney  parking in a spot that has been reserved for those who have worked for the company for 10 years. However, McKinney has only worked there for 7 years. When Joe confronts McKinney about this, McKinney assaults him in front of his young daughter Natalie . Joe falls into a state of depression until Meg Harper , the Wellness Coordinator at STARKe, accidentally ignites a fuse in him when, in a fit of frustration, she asks Joe, "What do you want?" Joe is suddenly stirred to action by this question, and decides he wants a rematch to reclaim his dignity and self-respect, which he felt McKinney took from him. After issuing the challenge to McKinney, Joe begins to find himself becoming very popular around the office for his bravery. Meg and Natalie, however, do not feel fighting McKinney will solve anything, and both attempt to tell Joe as much, to no avail. Joe seeks out the aid of an ex B movie star-turned-martial arts instructor named Chuck Scarett  to teach him to defend himself. Things seem to finally be going right for Joe, as he has begun to see Meg and has even been given a promotion at work he had been hoping for. When Meg realizes Jeremy , a colleague she works closely with for the company , only gave Joe a non-existing position at the office to prevent him from suing the company, she resigns in fear that she might one day have to demote or even fire Joe. Meg again tries to persuade Joe not to fight McKinney, and finally gives him an ultimatum: if he does not call off the fight with McKinney, their relationship is over. The day of the fight, Joe makes it all the way to the school where the brawl is to take place. However, he finally realizes it would be immature to fight, and not worth the price he would have to pay. When Joe tells McKinney and his other co-workers the fight is off, McKinney offers him an apology, which Joe accepts. Joe then goes and makes up with Meg for not understanding her reasoning before.'] ['Hella lives in a boarding house and has various romantic adventures before settling down with vacuum cleaner salesman Winkler.'] ["Elvis plays the dual role of look-alike cousins Josh Morgan, a dark-haired U.S. Air Force Second Lieutenant, and Jodie Tatum, a blonde Smoky Mountain hillbilly. The film is set in the hills of Tennessee, in the Great Smoky Mountains, but is mostly shot on Hollywood sets and the San Bernardino Mountains of southern California. Josh, along with Captain Robert Jason Salbo , has to persuade the Tatums, his distant relatives on his mother's side, to sell their land to the U.S. Government so that it can be used as a missile site, an ICBM base. When he encounters the Tatums, Josh meets his double as well as two beautiful country cousins, Azalea and Selena , both compete to win Josh's affections. Josh eventually chooses Azalea and pairs off Selena with a senior master sergeant. Jodie, on the other hand, falls for PFC Midge Riley , a beautiful but fiery WAG. There are also a group of thirteen man-crazy mountain women called the Kittyhawks who create havoc. Josh persuades Pappy Tatum  to sell one side of his mountain to the government as long as government employees don't come to Tatum's side, which means revenuers can not interfere with Pappy's moonshining. The movie closes with a celebration song-and-dance featuring both Josh and Jodie and Azalea and Selena."] ['Two friends and convicts, Joe  Terry , break out of Oregon State Penitentiary in a concrete mixing truck and start a bank robbing spree, hoping to fund a dream they share. They become known as the "Sleepover Bandits" because of their modus operandi: they kidnap the manager of a target bank the night before a planned robbery, then spend the night with the manager\'s family; early the next morning, they accompany the manager to the bank to get their money. Using dim-witted would-be stunt man Harvey Pollard  as their getaway driver and lookout, the three successfully pull off a series of robberies that gets them recognition on the FBI\'s Ten Most Wanted list. When a housewife with a failing marriage  decides to run away, she ends up in the hands of the criminals. Initially attracted to Joe, she also ends up in bed with Terry and a confused love triangle begins. The three of them go on the lam and manage to pull off a few more robberies, but after a while the two begin to fight over Kate, and she decides to leave them. The two criminals then decide to pull off one last job. The story is told in flashbacks, framed by the story of the pair\'s last robbery of the Alamo Bank, as told by Criminals at Large, a fictional reality television show. The show tells the story of the last job to be a failure when Kate tips off the police and the two are caught in the act. The two then begin to argue when Joe tells the police "You won\'t take us alive!" and the argument gets to the point where the two of them shoot each other dead. At the end of the film the real story behind the last job is revealed: Harvey used some of his special effects to make it seem as though Terry and Joe were shooting each other. Harvey and his girlfriend then ran in dressed as paramedics and placed the stolen money, Terry, and Joe in body bags. In the ambulance, Harvey uses electronics to blow out his tires which sends the ambulance into a junkyard. Under his jumpsuit, Harvey was wearing a fire suit. He lights himself on fire and rigs a bomb to go off. Kate, Harvey, Harvey\'s girlfriend, Terry, and Joe flee the scene, leading officials to believe the bodies were burned. Reunited, Joe, Terry, Harvey and Kate make it to Mexico to live out their dream. The last scene shows Harvey getting married in Mexico and Kate kissing Joe and Terry passionately.'] ["Kay Colby  is a Park Avenue beauty with two suitors: fiancee Bill Wadsworth  and Scott Miller . To clear his way, Scott buys the oil company Bill works for and sends him to Japan. Then he sends his own girl friend, Countess Campanella , to Hawaii to get her out of the way as well. Kay is upset by Bill's leaving, and annoyed by Scott pressing his suit, but Scott has the assistance and approval of Kay's mother  in his efforts, and the advice of his friend and business partner, Brinkerhoff .TCM Full synopsis"] ["Hatley High is about an 18-year-old boy named Tommy  and his father  who after the death of Tommy's mother move to her hometown. Unknown to them is that Tommy's mother was a chess superstar back home. The entire town is obsessed with the game and the school's 'jocks' are the chess team. Through romance with a chess cheerleader  and rivalry with the team captain , Tommy uses his natural and apparently inherited talents for chess to help the school win the chess match against their rivals, the Russians."] ["Mary Wilson was born and raised in Texas, but by the time she became an adult she'd grown tired of her off-the-wall family and moved to Los Angeles to build a career for herself. Mary is an expert baker who has opened an upscale bakeshop, but a bad review and so-so sales causes her landlord to give her an eviction notice because she is behind on rent. Desperate to keep the store open, Mary decides to bite the bullet and go back to Texas with her fiancé Brent, introduce him to her folks, and hope their engagement gifts will bring enough cash to pay off her creditors. However, a severe allergic reaction prevents Brent from going. Mary can't afford to postpone the trip, so she brings along Brent's twin brother Jake, an irresponsible actor, to impersonate her fiancé. Jake wins the heart of Mary's family, and they both develop feelings for each other. Lucy, Mary's childhood friend, tries to seduce Jake as she knows about the whole reality, but Jake has fallen for Mary. Brent shows up at the engagement party and takes Mary back to LA, where Mary's bakery becomes a success after her grandfather gifts her the award-winning recipes he and his wife collected over the years. While setting a wedding date, Brent realizes that they are not made for each other. At last Mary confesses her love to Jake, and they get married."] ['Filmed on location in Switzerland the story concerns two young bachelors taking separate skiing holidays at the same resort. Clive Morton  and "Humpy" Miller  have nothing whatsoever in common—except for one thing, both men fall for the hotel proprietor\'s daughter Mary . As the story progresses Clive, a debonair soldier and sportsman gets quickly into his stride as poor "Humpy" a clumsy, incongruous fellow looks on dumbly. However, "Humpy" has a secret weapon, Miss Cartwright  his former nanny who arrives just as the pair are quarantined in the hotel attic after contracting measles. Quickly realising Humpy\'s predicament she skillfully arranges for the removal of the opposition, leaving the way clear for "Humpy".'] ["Wealthy businessman and single parent Sir Michael Carr  does not know how to deal with his daughter Tansy , at that awkward age between teenager and adult. His close friend and employee ex-General Henry Barclay  has the same kind of problem with his son. Thomas Barclay  left the military and has now tendered his resignation from Carr's automobile company. Tansy chances to meet American Cornelius Allingham  at her father's office. The two teens soon become inseparable friends; she shows him around London, with her father blithely unaware of the relationship. When Carr has to go on a business trip to New York, he sends Tansy along with General Barclay on his fishing vacation in Scotland. She secretly arranges for Cornelius to meet her there. The two see the sights on his motor scooter and eventually go camping together , without informing anyone. When Carr realises his daughter is missing, he finds some photographs of Cornelius, assumes the worst, and gets the police to initiate a nation-wide manhunt. Thomas, who had earlier resented having to get Tansy out of her various scrapes, uses his army training and tracks the pair down. He sneaks up, knocks Cornelius out, and takes a resisting Tansy back to London. When Cornelius wakes up, he discovers he is wanted by the police. He turns himself in to Carr, then reveals that he is the millionaire son of Carr's business associate and that he holds a sizable number of shares in Carr's own company. Relieved that his daughter hadn't been seduced by a fortune hunter, Carr gives his blessing to their marriage. However, Thomas discovers that he is in love with Tansy; when he kisses her, she realizes she feels the same about him and they elope. General Barclay is furious at first, having gone to great lengths to arrange the wedding, until Carr reminds him that this was what they had hoped for."] ['Jane Brighton  is a high school math whiz obsessed with J.D. McQueen, a teen music sensation whose parents have sent him back to public high school to improve his declining grades. J.D. risks missing a critical summer tour that could ruin his musical career. To get help with math, he builds a relationship with Jane.'] ['An Indian girl wants the freedom to choose her own destiny and the love of her life, but her mother wants to marry her off in an arranged marriage. The film portrays an intriguing mix of matchmakers, bhangra dancers, psychic healers, and religious fanatics, and addresses one of the most important issues in contemporary Muslim culture: women’s rights, veils and burkas.'] ["Newspaper reporter Pete  works in a Paris orphanage. His charming way with children and music enables him to find homes for even the most troubled kids. One afternoon, Mr. and Mrs. Godfrey , an American couple, come to the orphanage to adopt Bobby, a boy they saw in one of the ads Pete ran in his newspaper. Bobby misbehaves, but when Pete discovers that Mr. Godfrey plays for the Boston Symphony Orchestra, he quickly produces a young blind opera wunderkind, Theresa , who sings her way into the Godfreys' hearts. Later that night, Pete dreams that the fiance he left behind in America has visited. Emmadel appears in a hologram atop his record player. She scolds him for leaving her at the altar and talks about the children they might have had. Filled with regret, Pete arranges to adopt both Bobby and his little sister Suzi and bring them to Boston, where he'll marry Emmadel. American authorities inform him that he must marry within five days or the adoption will be void. Pete takes the children to Emmadel's house. While she bonds with Bobby and Suzi, Pete discovers that Emmadel is engaged. The kids stay with her loud parents (drunken father [[James Barton . Pete tries everything to win Emmadel back. She helps him secure a lease on a new house via her fiance's company. However, when Pete and the children arrive, they discover that another couple  also have a lease for the property. Emmadel's fiance Wilbur Stanley shows up to settle the matter. Wilbur offers Pete a ride to another house - but Pete talks him into letting them stay at the Stanley family's gatehouse. They agree to a friendly competition for Emmadel's heart. Pete and the children settle into the Stanley gatehouse. Emmadel meets Wilbur's amiable elderly relatives, who present her with $500,000 as a wedding gift. Her parents embarrass her by running screaming through the garden. Emma discovers Pete's presence and visits the gatehouse to have it out with him. While she pulls Suzi's loose tooth, Pete pretends to be in love with Winnifred, Wilbur's fourth cousin twice-removed, and laughs when Emmadel pratfalls on her huge party dress. Pete reveals his plan to Winnifred Stanley. He discovers that she's in love with her cousin Wilbur, but feels too socially awkward to pursue him. In a bit of pygmalion, Pete teaches Winnifred to feel comfortable with herself. Winnifred's newfound confidence bubbles over at the wedding rehearsal. She and Emmadel erupt in a brawl on the front lawn. Winnifred concedes the fight, and Emmadel declares that she's proud to be a fisherman's daughter. The wedding day arrives. News reporters line the outdoor chapel, proclaiming this the Cinderella story of the decade. As he escorts Emma down the aisle, Pa Jones tells her that Pete kidnapped the children and ran so they wouldn't be sent back to France. Emmadel begins to have second thoughts. Pete shows up at precisely the wrong moment, handcuffed to a policeman, with both crying kids in tow. Although Wilbur offers to marry Emma and adopt the children, Bobby and Suzi cling sobbing to Pete. On national television, Wilbur abandons his own wedding and forces a reluctant Emma and a protesting  Pete to marry. Pete, Emmadel, Bobby, Suzi, Ma and Pa Jones all ride off for their honeymoon together."] ["Hridoy  is the son of a head constable . Hridoy is a guy with carefree attitude. He is beaten by a rival gang at night and was rescued by a beautiful girl Priya. She pays his hospital bills and donates her blood. She is gone from the hospital by the time Hridoy became conscious. When Hridoy's friends tell him who rescued him, he starts loving her immedietley for her good-heartedness though he did not see her. Priya later turns out to be the sister of the city police commissioner Misha Sawdagar."] ['Molly  and Carl  are preparing for their wedding day in Hawaii, until Carl\'s friend Neil  interrupts to say that Randolph Dupree  got lost. They drive off together to pick up Dupree, who appeared to have hitched a ride with a light plane after landing on the wrong island. A day before the wedding, Molly\'s father , who is also CEO of the company that Carl works for, makes a toast with humorous remarks at Carl\'s expense, foreshadowing a conflict between the two. Later at a pre-celebration at a bar, Carl neglects Dupree to be with Molly while he is about to perform a drinking tradition. Carl and Dupree later make up on the beach, as Dupree apologizes for laughing at Molly\'s father\'s jokes, and tells Carl that he has "Carlness." Carl and Molly get married. When Carl returns to work, at Molly\'s father\'s Thompson Land Development, he is surprised to find that Mr. Thompson has promoted him to be in charge of a design he proposed, though it had been altered somewhat. Mr. Thompson makes absurd requests which proceed to get worse, starting with Thompson\'s drastic reimagining of Carl\'s new architecture project, requesting that Carl take the Thompson name instead and that Carl get a vasectomy to prevent childbearing later on. Before returning home to celebrate his promotion with Molly, Carl stops by the bar, where he finds Neil and Dupree. After Neil leaves due to his wife\'s curfew, Dupree reveals that he was fired, as he apparently did not have clearance to attend the wedding, subsequently falling behind in his rent and evicted. Losing his car also, as it was the company\'s. Carl takes Dupree home, asking Molly if he can stay for a little while until he gets back on his feet. Molly is polite, though clearly frustrated as he is disruptive and messy. Molly sets up Dupree with a woman at her work, a primary school, who is a Mormon librarian. Dupree agrees, though Molly is shocked to find them together when she opens her front door coming home from dinner. Romantic candles burn down the front of the living room and Dupree is evicted. Meanwhile Carl is being continually stressed out from work, though he and Molly find time to go out for dinner. On the way back they find Dupree sitting on a bench in heavy rain with his belongings. Molly insists they take him back in. Carl makes it known that Dupree must behave this time. The next day, Dupree makes amends, refurbishing the living room, and doing Carl\'s thank-you letters, as well as making friends with kids from the block. Carl asks Dupree to go to career day at Molly\'s work as he got tied up at his work and that night Dupree cooks a large dinner for Molly, though Carl is late again, so Molly and Dupree start without him. When Carl finally shows up, he is a little jealous that they were having dinner together, and have a fight. Carl kicks Dupree out, suspecting an affair, which shocks Dupree. The following night, Mr. Thompson is over for dinner. Dupree climbs the drain pipe and sneaks inside to get his bags back, and during dinner the guests inside hear Dupree fall off the roof. Dupree is found outside and is invited in for dinner. After Mr. Thompson takes a liking to Dupree and asks him to go fishing with him, it enrages Carl, who jumps across the table and attempts to strangle Dupree; Thompson hits Carl over the head with a candlestick shortly after. After returning from the hospital with a neck brace, Dupree and Molly confront Mr. Thompson about what he really thinks of his new son-in-law, while Carl had left. The next morning Dupree gets all the local kids to search for Carl. Dupree eventually finds Carl in the bar, and convinces him to chase after Molly. Dupree helps Carl break in to Mr. Thompson\'s office, as Dupree distracts Paco, the security guard, whilst Carl marches into his father-in-law\'s office and confronts him. The two finally reach an understanding and Thompson admits to his agenda of insulting Carl. Dupree and Carl return to the house, where Carl and Molly reunite, Carl apologizing, and agree to work it all out. Dupree becomes an author and a motivational speaker, with Paco now at his side as his number two. After the End Credits, Lance Armstrong is shown lying down on the grass reading Dupree\'s own book repeating the word "Lance-ness" to himself with different pronunciations.'] ['Simran  loves Bollywood romances&mdash;so much so that her life has begun to resemble one. With her awesome job and a "Mr. Perfect" fiancé, Raj , she lives a dreamy life. But then comes Jay ([[Imran Khan , who brings a fresh joy into her life. Jay is an assistant to a director who is famous for his love story films; however, Jay hates love stories. He is a Casanova and a disbeliever of love. He first hates Simran for her obsession with romance, and Simran also has a bad impression of him, but soon after, the two become best friends. Simran\'s close bond with Jay brings problems in her love life with her fiancé, Raj. She feels that Raj is not right for her, and falls deeply in love with Jay, dreaming of spending her entire life with him. She decides to confess her feelings to him, but after doing so, Jay explains that he never thought of her that way--they were only best friends. Heartbroken, Simran leaves. She moves from Mumbai to New Zealand for further shooting of the film and its premiere, and does not speak to Jay. Jay finds that her absence in his life upsets him and realizes that he has fallen in love with her. He goes to New Zealand and plans a romantic dinner, asking Simran to meet him. He admits that he loves her but this time, she rejects him, as she does not want to hurt Raj\'s feelings after giving him another chance. A brokenhearted Jay tries to accept the fact that he has lost Simran to Raj. However, Jay\'s friends and his mother persuade him to not give up on Simran. Jay tries to make Simran jealous to make her come back but soon realizes that manipulating her feelings will hurt her even more. Meanwhile, Raj proposes to Simran, and she accepts. But later, Simran realizes she doesn\'t love Raj, and tells him so. She goes to the movie premiere, where she hopes to meet Jay. On the other hand, Jay is leaving, as he has given up all hopes of being with Simran. At the airport, he talks to his mother and she again asks him not to give up. Encouraged, Jay runs back to the premiere. He finds Simran outside the theater and the two express their love for each other and hug, finally getting their happy ending.'] ['Twenty-eight-year-old Jessica Stein, a Jewish copyeditor living and working in New York City, is plagued by failed blind dates with men, and decides to answer a newspaper\'s personal advertisement containing a quote from Rilke that she had read and admired earlier. The advertisement has been placed by Helen Cooper, a thirtysomething bisexual art gallerist who is seeking a lesbian relationship to replace her unsatisfying and meaningless sex with men. Given some of the men Jessica is shown to be test-dating at the start of the film, ranging from borderline gay to nerd, some would probably say that it\'s no surprise she\'d want to fan out her prospects a little. As nervous as Jessica is about dating Helen, she realizes after a surprise kiss that even a different experience can be good. Through the early part of their relationship, Jessica finds in Helen everything she\'d dreamed of finding in a man. They are compatible, they like many of the same things, and they are caring for one another. Even when Helen gets sick&mdash;which she says earlier in the film never happens to her&mdash;Jessica is there to care for her. The only predicament for the relationship is Jessica\'s nervousness concerning same-sex intimacy. Over the early weeks of their relationship, she and Helen slowly work on building up her confidence in this area by gradually extended make-out sessions. Eventually, they graduate to full intimacy, which is initiated by Jessica during an over night stay at her parents\' home in Scarsdale. In spite of Jessica\'s happiness with Helen, she keeps the relationship secret. Jessica\'s secrecy means that she has to endure scenes that would not happen had she been open about the two of them. One example occurs during a dinner to celebrate her brother\'s engagement. Her mother had invited an IBM executive in hopes of setting him up with Jessica. Helen and Jessica later get into a quarrel about Jessica\'s refusal to inform her family of their relationship, resulting in an apparent breakup. It isn\'t until later, as her brother\'s wedding approaches, that her mother figures out that they are dating. Her mother reminds Jessica of when she was little and had been given the lead in the school play, but after the first rehearsal, Jessica had deemed her co-star not to be up to the task. She quit the play because she thought the play wouldn\'t be "the best ever." Her mother says that she worries about Jessica having this attitude towards life, and that sometimes she thinks back to that night and thinks that if Jessica went on, maybe it wouldn\'t have been the best, but it might have been pretty good&mdash;and who knows, maybe it would have been the best ever. She then tells Jessica that she thinks Helen "is a very nice girl." This acceptance on her mother\'s part gives Jessica the confidence to come out in the open with her relationship with Helen, and invites her as her guest to her brother\'s wedding. Helen quickly becomes popular with the other women at the reception, who don\'t seem to mind at all her lesbian relationship with Jessica. At the same time, Jessica gets a love confession from her ex-beau and current boss Josh, who declares he\'s had for a long time feelings for her. Jessica rejects him, explaining that she already has Helen. Jessica and Helen move in together, but their relationship, while good in most respects, begins to suffer from a lack of frequent sexual intimacy. Jessica\'s behavior towards Helen is more akin to that of a sister or friend rather than a sexual partner. The relationship ends amidst Jessica\'s tears and Helen\'s realization that she wants more than Jessica is willing to offer. After moving beyond the heartbreak, Jessica and Helen appear to remain friends, and it is suggested that Jessica might have now a renewed interest in Josh, after both have left the newspaper where they both previously worked.'] ["Jade Li  is a feisty, 22 year old Chinese-Canadian aspiring actress who lives at home with her traditional Chinese family: her strict father , her dutiful mother , and her sweet younger sister, Pearl . Their older brother, Winston, has been disowned -- a fate Jade is not eager to share, both for her own sake and to spare her family pain. Her family tries to put on the perfect public persona at all costs so as to maintain their dignity as well as uphold their traditional Chinese values. One primary part of this persona is prosperity. Jade's father hopes that true financial prosperity will become reality through penny stocks. Jade, meanwhile, tries to achieve that happy medium between giving in to her parent's wishes and fulfilling her own needs and desires - double happiness. Therefore, although she manages to land a few bit parts on camera, Jade spends most of her time working in the shop owned by a family friend, performing the duties of a respectful daughter and suffering through arranged dates with prosperous young Chinese men. An adept cultural chameleon, though, she also leads a double life, hanging out with best friend Lisa . When her father's childhood friend arrives for a visit, however, Jade must juggle her competing identities even more carefully than usual, lest her choice of professions -- and boyfriends -- shame her father. Because of its instability, Jade's parents don't understand or widely publicize Jade's aspirations to be an actress. Their main want for Jade is to date and marry a nice Chinese boy, a goal for which Jade's extended family also strives as they are always trying to introduce her to Chinese boys. Initially, they believe that the boy is Andrew, with who Jade even agrees to go out. But Jade, beyond wanting to be an actress, wishes her family had more western sensibilities. She is attracted to a slightly awkward but persistent Caucasian English graduate student named Mark. Jade has to figure out how to both please her family, who would not approve of her dating a Caucasian, and be true to herself. Her older brother is already out of the picture for that very reason. Naturally, something's got to give sooner or later and the facade of the perfect Chinese daughter soon begins to slip."] ["The film is told through the stories of two women: Nana, a grandmother, and Daisy, her granddaughter. Daisy tells Nana of her romance with a young man named Ethan and her problems at school because she's Jewish. Nana tells the story of her young life when she was sent to a ghetto and then a concentration camp. The love she has for the boy is strong but the love he has for her is questionable. He lets his friends judge her from the outside, not for who she is on the inside, and when she turns out to not be like every other girl he breaks up with her. Daisy is sad so she goes and sees Nana and takes her anger out on her. She then runs away and tries to kill herself but she does not. At the end she tries to see him again but he looks at her for a long time and walks away with his friends. She stands there sad and crying realizing that maybe it was not meant to be and she walks away happy ."] ['The original cast is back in this sequel. Dalen  has finally met the girl of his dreams. Christine  is everything Dalen has ever wanted: sweet, simple, and devoted to the gospel. Too bad his future in-laws are anything but.{{imdb title}} Dalen, now a college professor of Mormon mythology, has almost given up on finding an eternal companion in his current singles ward, as scores of his friends around him get married or already have several children. His hopes are renewed when Christine moves into the ward, and they fall in love; love at first sight in Dalen\'s case. Christine\'s parents are very wealthy non-members who have each been married a few times. Trouble arises when they tell Christine\'s parents about their marriage plans because Christine\'s parents can\'t understand why they\'re not permitted to attend their daughter\'s wedding in the LDS Temple. Dalen actually withdraws his proposal to Christine in order to avoid causing a rift in her family. Later on, however, Dalen visits Christine\'s father and explains to him the importance of temple marriage, and he gives Dalen his blessing. Christine and Dalen\'s wedding goes as planned. During the film, Jonathan  is making a film based on their experience in the Singles Ward. When Jonathan\'s friends visit the set, they each see the actor playing them. Dalen is played by, "Some guy who\'s been in every LDS movie ever made," who looks exactly like Dalen . While discussing making a movie about Dalen\'s experience in getting married, Jonathan says that franchises must be made in trilogies, but with everyone married the next one would have to be The Family Ward. Dalen even mentioned this dream that he had where he was a return missionary and the problems he and Jonathan encountered.'] ['Sardonic, self-absorbed TV meteorologist Phil Connors , news producer Rita  and cameraman Larry  from fictional Pittsburgh television station WPBH-TV9 travel to Punxsutawney, Pennsylvania, to cover the annual Groundhog Day festivities with Punxsutawney Phil. Having grown annoyed with the assignment, Phil grudgingly gives his sarcastic report and attempts to return to Pittsburgh when a blizzard shuts down the roads. Phil and his team are forced to return to Punxsutawney and stay in town overnight. Phil wakes up to find that he is reliving February 2. The day plays out exactly as it did before, with no one else aware of the time loop, and only Phil aware of past events. He is initially confused, but when the phenomenon continues each subsequent day, he decides to take advantage of the situation: he learns the town\'s residents secrets, seduces women, plays pranks, overindulges in unhealthy foods, steals money, drives recklessly, and gets thrown in jail. However, his attempts to get closer to Rita repeatedly fail. Eventually Phil tires of his excesses, becomes despondent and resorts to increasingly drastic measures to end the time loop; he gives ridiculous and offensive reports on the festival, abuses residents, eventually kidnaps Punxsutawney Phil and, after a car chase involving the police, drives into a quarry, evidently killing both himself and the groundhog. However, Phil wakes up again in his bed and finds that nothing has changed; further attempts at suicide are equally fruitless as he continues to find himself waking at six o\'clock on the morning of February 2 with the clock radio on his nightstand playing "I Got You Babe" by Sonny & Cher. When Phil explains the situation to Rita she suggests that he should work to improve himself. Inspired, Phil endeavors to try to learn more about Rita, building upon his knowledge of her and the town each day. He begins to use his by-now vast experience of the day to help as many people as possible. He also learns, among other things, to play piano at a professional level, ice sculpt expertly, and speak fluent French. Eventually, Phil is able to befriend almost everyone he meets during the day. He uses his knowledge of that day\'s experiences to save lives, help townspeople, and to get closer to Rita. He crafts a report on the Groundhog Day celebration so eloquent that all the other stations turn their microphones to him and the surrounding crowd erupts in applause and cheers at the report\'s conclusion. After the evening dance, Rita and Phil retire together to Phil\'s room. He wakes the next morning and finds the time loop is broken; it is now February 3 and Rita is still with him. After going outside, Phil suggests to Rita that they move to Punxsutawney.'] ['Bobby Keller  is a slacker high school student who, while running through a short cut through a backyard in his neighborhood one night, collides with Lainie Diamond , whom Bobby has recently been obsessing over. During the collision, elderly professor Coleman Ettinger  is performing a meditation exercise in the yard with his wife Gena , theorizing that if he and his wife can enter a meditative alpha state together voluntarily, they will be able to live together forever. However, just as the Ettingers are on the verge of completing their meditation experiment, the teenagers\' collision renders both teens unconscious, enacting a type of body switch between the four characters. Bobby wakes up in his bedroom to find his best friend Dinger  and his parents asking him if he\'s okay, but "Bobby" has no idea who these people are because he is actually Coleman trapped in Bobby Keller\'s body. Coleman leaves the house to find his wife but returns when he cannot find her or make any sense of the situation. On his return to Bobby\'s home, Coleman plays up the role of Bobby for his family and friend, just wanting to go to sleep to see if the alpha state he attains in dreams will give him any clue to what has gone wrong with the experiment. In his dream, Coleman is greeted by the real Bobby, who appears to be trapped in a dream partially generated by Coleman\'s own subconscious. Coleman discovers that Gena, skeptical of her husband\'s "dream state" theory from the beginning, is also trapped in the dream but is unable to communicate with him because part of her mind has been transferred to Lainie\'s body. Bobby informs Coleman that he has very little time to prevent what\'s left of his wife from forgetting about him and becoming lost in the dream forever. Bobby claims to know the secret to switch them all back, yet is reluctant to help Coleman do so, finding the dream-world he now inhabits to be more satisfying than the physical world he existed in as a troubled teen. Coleman realizes he only has a few days  to overcome generation gaps, high-school bullies, Lainie\'s violent and unstable boyfriend Joel, and Lainie\'s bitter and manipulative single mother in order to improve Bobby\'s grades, love-life, relationships with his family and friends, and connect with Lainie  enough to convince her to recreate the meditation experiment that might save his beloved wife.'] ["Mike , a recent transplant to Los Angeles, has broken up with his long-time girlfriend of six years and is still having trouble letting go and moving on. His friend Trent  takes him on an overnight trip to Las Vegas in an attempt to get him back in the game. Trent picks up a cocktail waitress  and her actress friend , but Mike's obsession with his ex-girlfriend spoils the one-night stand. Back in Los Angeles, Mike attends various Hollywood and Los Feliz hot spots, including The Derby, The Dresden Room and the Hollywood Hills Coffee Shop, while his friends, Rob , Charles  and Sue  coach him on the rules of seduction. Mike makes several awkward attempts at speaking to women, but they all end disastrously. Along the way, the group discusses movies, video games, and their floundering careers in show business. When Mike learns to accept himself and eschew the pretenses and self-promotion involved in the Hollywood dating scene, he finally connects with a beautiful girl named Lorraine ([[Heather Graham . The next day, he gets a call from the ex-girlfriend he's been obsessed with but rejects her offer to get back together when Lorraine rings in on the other line. While discussing Mike's new situation at a diner, Trent interrupts to make a disastrous attempt at flirting with a woman nearby. As Trent tries to recover from the embarrassment, Mike smiles as the tables turn."] ['Several different people, including a DJ, an aspiring actress and her friends, a meth user and a charming British pick-up artist, attempt to recall the events of the previous evening at a popular Los Angeles night club.'] ["Social worker Nina Borowski  is a bright young woman living in a cozy Brooklyn apartment. Nina attends a party given by her stepsister Constance  and her husband, Sidney . There Nina meets George Hanson , a young, handsome, and gay first grade teacher. Nina tells George that her stepsister is constantly trying to fix her up with somebody from higher society, completely ignoring the fact that Nina has a boyfriend, Vince . During the conversation, Nina offers George a room in her apartment as she has just heard from his boyfriend, Dr. Robert Joley , that George is looking for somewhere to live. George, not knowing about Robert's plans, is taken aback and heartbroken, and after the party the two split up. George accepts Nina's offer and moves into her apartment. The two soon become best friends; they watch films together and go ballroom dancing. Everything is perfect until Nina announces that she is pregnant. Vince  wants to marry her, but his constant care drives Nina crazy; she leaves him and asks George to help her bring up her child. For some time, they live together in her apartment in Brooklyn. Everything is perfect again until Nina finds that her love for George is growing every day, especially after he tells her he had a girlfriend in high school, leading her to believe he might change his ways. One afternoon, George and Nina are about to have sex when George gets a phone call from Robert who tells him how much he has missed him and invites him away for the weekend. George is confused but agrees to go. Nina feels threatened and gets jealous. George and Robert do not get back together, but George meets Paul James , a young actor, and the two fall in love and have sex. Meanwhile, Nina is staying with Constance at a vacation mansion and is extremely moody. She has a horrible time and decides to head back home and asks George if he would return as well. She is mugged on the way back through the city, and then gets a ride home from a friendly police officer, Louis . Nina and George decide to invite Paul and his elderly acting mentor, Rodney, over for Thanksgiving. Paul stays the night and has sex with George, resulting in a fallout between George and Nina. The following day, they start arguing again at George's brother's wedding. Nina fully explains to George her feelings for him. George, who loves Nina as his best friend, tells her that he wants to be with Paul. A few hours later, Nina gives birth to a beautiful girl whom she names Molly. Vince comes to visit the hospital, ecstatic, but, soon after arriving, he leaves to fill out paperwork leaving Nina and George alone with Molly. Nina asks George when he plans to move out to which he replies that he doesn't know. She asks him to please move out of her apartment before she gets home from hospital, stating that it would hurt her too much to have him stay any longer knowing that he doesn't love her. The end of the film takes place at George's school eight years later, in which all of the characters go to see Molly in a musical production that George has directed. Nina is now in a relationship with Louis, and George is with Paul, both of them now happy. The film ends as Nina, George, and young Molly   walk together down the sidewalk, hand-in-hand, on their way to get coffee."] ['Long-time best friends Victor and Matthew  are co-workers employed by a major corporation in São Paulo, Brazil. Both are having problems in their marriages: Victor\'s wife wants to divorce him, while Matthew has no idea what is wrong and is baffled and irritated by the decision of his wife Karen  to take her vacation separately from her husband and daughter. The men decide to vacation in Rio de Janeiro, with their teenage daughters in tow – Matthew\'s daughter Nikki  and Victor\'s daughter Jennifer . They rent a beautiful vacation home with a somewhat taciturn and disapproving housekeeper. During a walk on the beach, Victor and Matthew spot their daughters – topless. Jennifer is told by her father to cover her bare breasts but she refuses, dragging her father with Nikki\'s help into the water to play. Matthew does not join them, feeling uncomfortable with the partial nudity displayed by Jennifer, Nikki, and the other women on the beach. After dropping the girls off at a Brazilian wedding, the men visit a local pub in search of dates. After Victor pairs off with a local cigar-smoking divorcée, Matthew winds up at the Brazilian wedding, where he runs into the amorous Jennifer. While watching the festivities together, Matthew and Jennifer start to feel some chemistry develop between them, and they eventually share a passionate kiss – much to the chagrin of Nikki, who inadvertently sees what\'s going on between her father and her best friend. Matthew and Jennifer then make love at a secluded spot on the beach, which begins a secret sexual relationship between them. Jennifer later tearfully confesses to Victor that she had an affair with an "older man", but does not reveal who he is. Naturally, Victor becomes furious and sets out to hunt down the mystery man, expecting Matthew to help – unaware, of course, that Matthew was the culprit the whole time. Matthew is reluctant to help Victor in his quest but goes through with it anyway, for the benefit of their friendship. In the meantime, Matthew tries to talk Jennifer into ending their fantasy relationship, but she is determined to never give him up. Eventually, Matthew discloses to his friend that he was the one whom Jennifer had the affair with, but only after Victor caused a couple of brawls targeting innocent men. However, Victor is not as angry as Matthew expects, because it is soon discovered that Victor had been having an affair--with Matthew\'s wife Karen. As the truth comes more into light, Jennifer tries to commit suicide with an overdose of birth control pills, but survives. The incident brings all closer together, although the men constantly bicker with each other over each other\'s sexual misconduct. Karen and Matthew decide to work on their marital problems, Jennifer begins dating a young male nurse whom she met while recuperating in the hospital, and Victor remarries his estranged wife. As the closing credits begin to roll, Matthew, in voice-over narration, states in the final line of summation, "You only live once, but it does help if you get to be young twice."'] ['Saving Face follows Wilhelmina , a young Chinese American surgeon, as she deals with her unwed mother\'s pregnancy, and the obligations of her dancer girlfriend Vivian. Wil struggles with allocating time between her mother  who is shunned by the Chinese American community of Flushing for being pregnant and unwed and thus has come to live with Wil. Upon Vivian\'s wishes, she presents Vivian to her mother as a friend so that they can meet. At the same time, Gao must decide whether the demands of her father\'s reputation, or the demands of her own heart, are more important. She soon realizes that she must marry a man named Cho to regain her father\'s "face" and not be an embarrassment to her family. Wil then finds out that her mother is in love with someone else and rushes to break up her wedding. At the same time Wil loses Vivian because she is afraid of being with her publicly. Vivian leaves for Paris. After three months, Vivian\'s and Wil\'s mothers reunite the two at a party and Vivian and Wil end up kissing in front of everyone in the center of the dance floor.'] ['The film starts by showing the adventures of the boy in school and his first sexual experience at a brothel. When the boy is found to have a heart murmur after a bout of scarlet fever, he goes with his mother to a sanatorium, where a series of circumstances lead to a sexual encounter with his mother. Jazz music by Charlie Parker and Dizzy Gillespie, along with books by Bataille, Proust and Camus, feature prominently in the film.'] ["Eileen Tyler  is a 22-year-old Albany Times Union music critic and is suffering from her breakup with Russ  from a rich Albany family. She comes to New York City to visit her brother Adam , who is an airline pilot. Eileen confides to her brother that she thinks she may be the only 22-year-old virgin left in the world. Adam assures her that sex is not what all men look for and insists he hasn't slept around. Of course, Adam is lying and is in hot pursuit of a tryst with his occasional girlfriend Mona. However, Adam's date with Mona has a series of job related interruptions. Meanwhile, Eileen decides to see if she can have some fun for herself in New York, and seems to find the perfect candidate in Mike , a man she meets on the bus. But things get complicated when Russ pops in with a proposal and a mistaken assumption."] ['Elder Aaron Davis , a young Mormon from Pocatello, Idaho, is sent to Los Angeles with three other missionaries to spread the Mormon faith. They move into an apartment next to openly gay party boy Christian Markelli  and his roommate Julie, an aspiring singer. Christian and Julie work as waiters at Lila\'s, a trendy restaurant owned by retired actress Lila Montagne . Christian makes a bet with his co-workers that he can seduce one of the Mormons, and soon realizes that Aaron, the most inexperienced missionary, is a closeted homosexual. Aaron and Christian become acquainted after several encounters in the apartment complex. When Christian accidentally cuts himself on a metal hose reel and faints, Aaron helps him indoors and cleans his wound. Christian attempts to seduce Aaron, but the hesitant Mormon becomes upset by Christian\'s remark that sex "doesn\'t have to mean anything." Aaron accuses him of being shallow and walks out. Worried that Aaron is correct, Christian joins Project Angel Food, delivering meals to people with AIDS. Aaron\'s fellow missionary, Paul Ryder , has a cycling accident. Returning to his apartment, a distraught Aaron encounters Christian, who tries to comfort him with a hug. Both men are overwhelmed by their feelings and end up kissing, failing to notice the return of Aaron\'s roommates. Aaron is sent home in disgrace, leading Christian to confront Ryder, who is angry that Christian corrupted Aaron for no reason. Christian admits that he initially just wanted to win a bet, but says "it\'s not about that" anymore. Recognizing Christian\'s distress, Ryder tells him that Aaron\'s flight has a five hour layover in Salt Lake City. Christian finds Aaron standing in the snow outside the airport terminal. Christian confesses his love, and despite his misgivings, Aaron admits his own feelings of love. With all flights canceled due to a snowstorm, Christian and Aaron spend an intimate night in a motel. When Christian awakes, he finds Aaron gone. Aaron\'s pocketwatch, a family heirloom, has been left behind. Christian returns to Los Angeles. In Idaho, Aaron is excommunicated by the church elders, led by his own father, Farron , who is the stake president. Aaron is rejected by his father and scolded by his mother , who tells him that he needs to pray for forgiveness. When Aaron suggests that he might be gay, his mother slaps him. Overwhelmed by despair, Aaron attempts suicide. He is subsequently sent by his parents to a treatment facility to be cured of his homosexuality. Christian is desperate to find Aaron and locates his home address and phone number. Aaron\'s mother informs him that "Thanks to you, my son took a razor to his wrists; thanks to you I have lost my son." Believing that Aaron is dead, Christian spends the next few days thinking continually about Aaron. Julie discovers an entry about Christian\'s feelings in his cellphone journal and uses it as the basis for her new song. Christian travels to the Davis home in Idaho, where he tearfully returns Aaron\'s watch to his mother. During an encounter with Julie, she hesitantly shows him her new video, which upsets Christian, realizing that part of the lyrics came from his personal journal without his consent. Julie tells Christian that she hoped something good would come from it. In the treatment facility, Aaron hears a female voice singing and investigates. He discovers a music video playing on television, the song performed by Julie. The video prompts Aaron to return to Los Angeles in search of Christian. Upon arriving at Christian\'s apartment, Aaron is heartbroken when a stranger answers the door. Thinking that Christian has returned to his party boy ways and moved on, and having nowhere else to go, Aaron makes his way to Lila\'s restaurant, having befriended the owner while on missionary work after her life partner died. Christian is overjoyed to see Aaron alive, they reconcile and later celebrate Thanksgiving with Christian\'s co-workers. Lila tells everyone that, no matter what, they will always have "a place at my table, and a place in my heart".'] ['Bridget Jones  is frustrated: she is in her early thirties, still single, very accident prone and worried about her weight. She works in publicity at a book publishing company in London where her main focus is fantasizing about her boss, Daniel Cleaver . At a New Year party hosted by her parents, she re-meets Mark Darcy , the barrister son of her parents\' friends. They had known each other as children. After their initial encounter, Mark thinks that Bridget is a fool and Bridget thinks that he is arrogant and rude, and is disgusted by his jumper with a huge reindeer. After a day beset by a series of mishaps, she misplaces her purse, breaks her coffee mug and gets stuck in a lift. When she returns home that evening, her shopping bags split. She reaches to pull the curtains, only for them to fall off the wall. That is the final straw of a stressful day. When she catches sight of her reflection in the window, she decides to turn her life around. She starts her own diary, which covers all her attempts to stop smoking, lose weight and find her Mr. Right. Bridget and Daniel begin to flirt heavily at work, first over email. After a book launch, they start a relationship, despite the fact that he is a notorious womanizer with a questionable personality, of which Bridget is aware, from when stating earlier in the film that she will not form relationships with alcoholics, workaholics, peeping-toms, megalomaniacs, or perverts. Bridget learns from Daniel that he and Mark have a history and, as a result, hate each other. Daniel informs Bridget of their falling-out, telling her that Mark broke their friendship by sleeping with his fiancée. Daniel\'s dubious character becomes clearer and clearer to Bridget and she eventually breaks off their relationship when she catches him with another woman, a colleague of his, Lara . After a spectacular departure from the office, in which Daniel\'s desperate attempts to make Bridget stay spark the comment "I\'d rather have a job wiping Saddam Hussein\'s arse", she finds a new job in television. She and Mark have run-ins at a bed and breakfast and at a mutual friend\'s dinner party. During the party, Mark, who has come to the dinner with his colleague, Natasha , privately confesses to Bridget that, despite her faults, he likes her "just the way she is". He later helps Bridget to achieve an important interview for work, in which her quirky approach prompts the classic comment "Bridget Jones - already a legend". She begins to develop feelings for Mark. Just as Bridget and Mark\'s mutual attraction comes together at a birthday dinner party hosted by Bridget, Daniel comes back, temporarily claiming Bridget\'s attention. Mark originally leaves the party, but returns to face Daniel. Mark punches Daniel and the two fight. They end up in a nearby restaurant and finally smash through the window, landing on the street. Mark wins the battle and knocks Daniel out. Bridget chides Mark but afterwards, after an insensitive appeal by Daniel, she says emphatically that she doesn\'t want to be with him. Bridget learns the truth about Mark and Daniel\'s falling-out after her mother lets it out in conversation - that it was actually Daniel who had seduced Mark\'s wife . At a dinner party the same day, Bridget confesses her feelings for Mark, only to find out that he and Natasha are both leaving to accept jobs in New York. Bridget interrupts the toast to their pending engagement with a halting but moving speech about England losing one of its finest men. Her words clearly have an effect on Mark, as he realises what she really means, but he still flies to New York, though with obvious misgivings. Just as Bridget starts to embark on a trip to Paris with her friends to mend her broken heart, Mark returns to stay with her. When they are about to kiss for the first time, Bridget goes to her bedroom to change her undergarments, remarking that this is "an occasion for genuinely tiny knickers." While Bridget is changing, Mark peeks at her diary, in which she has written many insults about him. Bridget returns to find that he has left. Realizing that he had read her diary and that she might potentially lose him again, Bridget runs outside after him in a thin sweater and zebra skin-print underwear. Unable to find him and disheartened, she is about to return home when Mark appears holding a new diary, "to make a fresh start". They kiss in the snow-covered streets and the film closes.'] ["In a month with two full moons, Austrian petty criminal Johnny Pichler is hired to carry a bag of cash to the Slovakian border and deliver it to a gangster. Johnny arrives late in a battered taxi. He is forced into the car behind the gangster's beautiful but unhappy escort. Shirley, who is no bimbo, squirts the gangster with an incapacitating spray, kicks him out of the car and races away with Johnny and the cash. The pair makes a series of unsuccessful attempts to sell the obviously stolen car. In a Slovak hotel Johnny offers to buy Shirley's share of the car with his share of the cash. She refuses but when he returns from the bar, she is gone. Lonely Johnny teams up with Ignaz Springer, an East German con man who is having trouble adapting to post-Communist Europe, but claims to have business interests in Ukraine: shoe import-export. Springer introduces Johnny to a couple of Slovak waitresses and then disappears after selling the car without Johnny's knowledge. Johnny hitchhikes to Ukraine looking for Shirley with only the town Lviv stamped on a strip of photographs as a guide. In Lviv he meets a taxi driver who differs from Shirley only in her hair colour. Jana reveals that she is Shirley's twin sister and they soon become lovers. Jana tells him that Shirley's real name is Dana and that she had left Lviv some months ago after a bout of craziness. Johnny soon discovers that Jana is not being entirely honest with him. And the city is hardly welcoming: a gang force him to buy an ordinary brick from them with all the money that he has. He follows Jana to Kiev and finally to Odessa on the Black Sea, where he is also reunited with Springer. The movie ends on a ferry as the blue moon rises and the final scene explains the enigmatic opening scene on the Odessa Steps . Dusl sees the love that develops between Johnny and Jana as a metaphor for the relationship between the east and the west. More inspiration for the film may have come from a transatlantic romantic entanglement with an American whom she visited before going into production.<ref nameen&documentID=9345 Chiari, Valeria. 'Interview with Andrea Maria Dusl', Cineuropa ]. Retrieved July 23, 2005."] ['The movie concerns the life of Tomasina "Tommy" Boyd  who works as a mechanic and her hopes to become a stock car driver.'] ['Ernie Holley runs away on his wedding night because he thinks he has killed a wedding guest. His father Newt and bride Pearl find him in New Orleans and persuade him to come home.'] [' The movie starts off in a quaint rural village where an elderly man, Yogesh\'s grandfather is eagerly awaiting the postman. Upon the postman\'s arrival, he gets a card addressed to him from his youngest grandson Yogesh. He decides then and there that his inheritance will go to Yogesh. The scene then flips to Mumbai, where Yogesh\'s family is consulting an astrologer to find out whether their eldest son Jitu, is destined for jail, as he has many pending debts. They are relieved to hear he is not, and gives the astrologer their younger son, Yogesh\'s birth date to find out what his future is. The astrologer is astonished to see that Yogesh, will come into much money if he is married on the 20th of that month, and right then a phone call comes. The family is overjoyed to see that their grandfather has made Yogesh the sole heir to his property. The movie then flips to Chicago where you see Yogesh, a very successful young man with a high paying job. He gets an SMS that his father has had a heart attack and comes rushing to Mumbai. When he arrives he finds out that he was lied to by Jitu. The family then explains the situation that, Jitu owes a very rich man 2.5 crores, which he whiled away in gambling, and if Yogesh doesn’t marry on the 20th, then Jitu will go to jail. Yogesh is adamant at first that he will NOT marry, but then Jitu pulls him aside and tells him that there is more. He had also borrowed 1.5 crores from a mob boss who was on his tail to pay him back and that if he doesn\'t, he is afraid he will be killed. His parents don’t know about it and he wants to keep it that way. Yogesh is annoyed but agrees to marry. At this time they are standing outside the apartment where they live when two rough looking men come up to Jitu and say that boss wants to meet you, they then take Jitu and Yogesh to meet him where Jitu promises the mob boss that his money will be delivered on the day of the wedding during the reception. The mob boss agrees but threatens them that if he doesn’t get his money, he will cut their fingers off. Yogesh then goes to meet with his uncle and father. His Uncle Devu had posted an ad with Yogesh\'s photo, and 176 girls had replied. Yogesh realised he couldn’t see so many girls at once so he decides that he will see one girl from each raashee  after reading a book about raashee\'s the previous night. After their meeting, Uncle Devu’s wife comes to ask a favour from Yogesh\'s father. She asks for him to assign a private detective to follow her husband because she suspects that he is cheating on her. When his father tries to find one he finds out the astrologer is also a private detective. They agree that he will tail Devu to find out the girls name and address. Then Devu takes Yogesh to meet the girls. The plot then evolves into a series of meetings with each of the twelve girls, and many songs corresponding to each one.  During this time, the sub-plot with the detective moves forward as well, and he identifies the mistress as a lady named Anila. When Yogesh has met with most of the girls, one of them, Sanjana meets him and asks if they can talk in private. He agrees and while he packs his things from his bedroom Sanjana talks to him about how a boy has agreed to marry her and her uncle and aunt are ignoring her refusal. She asks that Yogesh accepts her proposal long enough for her to figure out something about her boyfriend. He accepts after telling her about his own problems with Jitu. Sanjana is touched that Yogesh is still willing to help her even with all of his problems and hugs him. Right at this moment Devu walks in and thinks he has interrupted their "moment". Sanjana wants to explain to him that he has got it all wrong and runs after him. Downstairs the private detective is still tailing Devu. He doesn\'t know that Devu has been staying with Anila at the hotel and watches the meeting between Sanjana and Devu take place. He watches Devu talk to her, then Sanjana shows him a picture, but when he says something, she gets angry and tries to leave. Devu stops her and she bursts into tears crying into his shoulder while he holds her. They then get up and go to Devu\'s car and drive off. Yogesh\'s father arrives at the hotel because the detective sent him the pictures he snapped of Sanjana and Devu as Yogesh himself is coming down the stairs. The private detective tells them he believes that Devu is having an affair with Sanjana. Yogesh thinks back and realises that it\'s true. After seeing the pictures that the detective took, he is certain. Yogesh asks the detective to send the pictures to his phone. Then Anila comes downstairs asking where Devu is. He shows her the photos and says that the detective says he and Sanjana went to Khandala, a hill-station near Mumbai. The detective tells Devu\'s wife the same thing. Both find Devu at a hotel with Sanjana. Anila and Devu\'s wife both ask who the other is. Sanjana says hi to them politely but they take no notice. The scene changes to Yogesh and Devu getting in a car, both are angry with each other because Devu thinks that Yogesh betrayed him and Yogesh is angry at him for messing around with Sanjana. After seeing the last girl, that night, Yogesh\'s mother talks to him, and apologises for making him go through this trouble, and tells him to choose who his heart wants, not his mind. While dreaming, Yogesh sees all the girls  and in the morning, decides who he will marry. He arrives at Rajni\'s office, obviously going only because she offered 5 crores of dowry, even though Yogesh refused, when he discovers that his friend and Rajni are to be married. He leaves, very relieved and goes to his Devu\'s place. He says that he wants to marry Vishakha, and Devu dials the phone only to reject her. He says that there is no need to marry her, because he has found out about Jitu\'s debt, and says that he will choose Yogesh\'s bride himself. The next day he asks his uncle to tell him the name of his bride, but Devu says to be patient. When the bride enters, Yogesh cannot tell, because they all looked the same. When they are finished with the rounds around the marriage fire, Devu welcomes the father of the bride as Sanjana\'s father. Yogesh is staggered, and at this time Yogesh\'s grandfather appears and brings with him all the money needed to pay off Jitu\'s various debts. He explains that Devu called him and explained what was going on. While the pay off is occurring, Yogesh pulls Devu aside to ask him how he had arranged for Sanjana to marry him. Devu explains that the afternoon where Sanjana had followed him to explain that she and Yogesh were not romantically linked she had shown him a picture of her and her boyfriend together. He said he had been shocked because he had seen the same man in Khandala kissing another woman. This was why Sanjana had been angry, and ended up crying so he took her to Khandala to prove to her that he had been right. That\'s why he had been at the hotel because Sanjana had gone to confront her boyfriend. In the end she was crying on his shoulder, when Anila and his wife Kanta both showed up. He then asked Sanjana if she would marry Yogesh and she agreed instantly because she realised she loved him. Upon hearing this, Yogesh realised he loved Sanjana as well. They are happily married and the movie ends with everyone asking Yogesh what his raashee is.'] ["Jeff , lives with his widower father Harry Mitchell . Much of the movie is about Harry's over-eager support for his son, and his concerns that Jeff doesn't have a boyfriend. Harry meets an attractive but judgemental divorcee through a dating service, and this leads to some conflict between the two main characters. Halfway through, though, the story takes unexpected, darker turns and attains a new level of profundity, becoming a meditation on the enduring strength of love, both familial and romantic, in the face of adversity."] ["The film focuses on three beautiful American women in Madrid who fall in love. The film starts as ingenue Susie Higgins  arrives in the city and moves in with her old friend Maggie Williams  and her roommate Fran Hobson . Susie experiences a culture shock, when she is informed by Maggie and Fran that all rich, attractive men are taken, and all rich but poor are too proud to take on wealthy, American women. It becomes clear to Susie that she is nothing like her roommates, who use gain from their sexuality. Maggie, for instance, is a secretary who has recently ended an affair, and is now in love with her boss Paul Barton , much to the dismay of her co-worker Pete McCoy , a newspaper man. Fran, meanwhile, an aspiring actress, flamenco dancer and singer, stumbles upon an attractive Spanish doctor Dr. Andres Briones  during one of her hectic days, and immediately falls for him, even though he does not seem to be interested. While at the Museo del Prado, Susie catches the eye of wealthy playboy Emilio Lacayo . Homesick, Susie is comforted by the kind words of Emilio, and dismisses Maggie's warnings that he is a 'corrupt, heartless man'. During a formal party, where Fran delivers a musical performance, Susie is surprised by Emilio's interest in another girl and his lack of attention for her. Meanwhile, Maggie is upset that a dance between her and Paul is interrupted by his jealous wife Jane . She asks Pete a ride home and expresses her discontent in his plans to leave Madrid for Paris, which is caused by his dislike in Paul. Feeling that he is behaving too much as a playboy, Maggie admits that she thinks that he could be a great newspaper man if he tried. The next morning, Susie attempts to take revenge on Emilio for his behavior with a devious plan. Fran offers to aid her, but when she crosses paths with Dr. Briones, she dismisses her friend to spend a romantic afternoon with him. Briones criticizes Fran's mockery of her own career, though she rationalizes this by claiming that one should not be serious of a career that is going nowhere. Hereafter, she claims that Briones has left her and that she is planning on returning to the United States. Meanwhile - though without Fran's help - Susie is makes Emilio believe that she is falling for him. When he proposes for marriage, she hastely accepts and rushes into proceedings - with intention to scare him off - much to his surprise. Later that night, she confronts him with his playboy behavior, and he defends himself by claiming that he has fallen for her. At the office, a personal conversation between Maggie and Paul, during which Maggie discusses Pete's love for her and Paul expresses his dissatisfaction with current life, leads to a romantic embracement - though Pete walks in on them and storms off. That night, Paul wakes Maggie up with a phone call, and tells her that he is looking for Pete for an assignment. Maggie is upset that Paul thinks that Pete would be with her at night and throws a tantrum, blaming him for thinking that she is 'easy'. Eventually, Susie comforts her by informing her about her engagement to Emilio, until they find out that Fran has left the house. They worry about her, without realizing that she is spending her final days in Madrid in joy with Briones. She considers to cancel her plane to stay with Briones in Madrid, helping him to save money for his clinic, though he has too much pride to ask her not to leave. Fran returns home, saying her friends that Briones was too poor to support her. Meanwhile, Susie is stood up by Emilio on an afternoon that she is scheduled to meet his mother . She decides to bring his mother a visit by herself, and is shocked that Mrs. Lacayo has no idea who she is. She apologizes for her son's behavior and explains that this is not the first time that Emilio misled a girl, leaving Susie heartbroken. Back at home, Maggie is upset by her roommates' unhappiness and runs to a formal party with Paul. Though she is upset that he does not court her, unaware that this is a decision made by a serious conversation with Pete. Maggie leaves the ballroom, upset, and is confronted by Jane for being Paul's mistress. Maggie defends herself by claiming that Jane has lost her husband due to her lack of love for him, and when she furthermore expresses her pity for her, Jane slaps her and leaves. In turn, Maggie gets drunk and allows for Pete to take her home. They are about to kiss when she passes out. The following day, Maggie visits the office to inform Paul that she will return to New York with Fran and Susie. Paul accepts the situation and even arranges a meeting with Emilio to make him realize that he has made a mistake with Susie. On their final evening, the three women attend yet another formal party, where Paul announces his shift to New York. The women decide to stay and are all reunited with their men, though Maggie ends not with Paul, but with Pete, who has been called Paul's successor in Madrid."] ['Ryan  and Daisy  are just among the many students in the Filipino University Belt. Ryan is a part-time typist of term papers, while Daisy is a Korean immigrant studying in the Philippines. Ryan encounters what he thinks is the worst term paper ever written. At that same day, he also comes across a cellphone ad. He contacts the person selling the phone and eventually became friends with her. Then he discovers that the girl he is talking with on the phone and the owner of the term paper is one and the same- the Korean girl! Ryan and Daisy develop an instant irritation towards each other. The cultural differences and the language barrier add to their frustration. But since they have also developed a friendship through their text messages before they met, both decide to give love a chance...'] ['The story is told in flashback from Death Row as Ronnie Jackson  relates the events to a group of reporters the events that lead to his predicament. Jackson is a baby photographer who dreams about being a real private detective like his friend Sam McCloud . One day he is mistaken for a detective by a mysterious lady in distress  and soon finds himself involved in a murder mystery.'] ["The story follows Jerry Welbach  as he travels through Mexico to find an antique gun, The Mexican, and smuggle it into the United States. Five years earlier, Welbach had caused a traffic accident in which he hit the car of local mobster Arnold Margolese , who was jailed for five years after the police searched his car following the crash, finding someone tied up in his trunk. In compensation for the jail time, Welbach has been sent on various errands by Margolese's second-in-command, Bernie Nayman . This will be his final errand. Welbach has a girlfriend, Samantha , who constantly argues with him about, among other things, his lack of commitment to their relationship. The gun has a legendary history, a curse regarding its likelihood to misfire, and its involvement in a jilted love-triangle where it was used as a suicide weapon. The gunsmith's assistant was in love with the gunsmith's daughter and was killed by an interested nobleman, prompting the suicide of their object of affection. The legend is reprised in the story."] ["Kat Ellis  is a single New Yorker who returns to her parents' house in London to be the maid of honor at her younger half sister's  wedding. The best man is none other than her former fiancé, who unexpectedly dumped her two years ago. Anxious about confronting him and eager to impress him, she hires suave escort Nick Mercer  to pose as her boyfriend. Kat intends to make her former flame, Jeffrey , jealous, but her plan backfires when Nick convinces everyone, including her, that they are madly in love. Kat then feels herself, too, falling for Nick as he slowly falls for her. Along the way, Kat discovers her half sister, Amy, slept with Jeffrey while they were still together. Jeffrey dumped Kat because he believed he was in love with Amy. Amy confesses her betrayal to her fiancé, Ed , just before the church ceremony. However, Ed decides that he loves Amy more than he is angry, and they end up getting married after all. Kat and Nick end up together. Jeffrey, the main reason for all the trouble, learns absolutely nothing. At the end he is seen, possibly in France, as Nick jokingly said to Ed, trying to get the attentions of a female neighbor."] ['Howard Brackett  is a well-liked English literature teacher, living a quiet life in the fictional town of Greenleaf, Indiana, with his fiancée and fellow teacher Emily Montgomery , who recently lost 75 pounds. The town is filled with anticipation over the nomination of Cameron Drake , Howard\'s former student, in the Best Actor category at the Academy Awards for his portrayal of a gay soldier in To Serve and Protect. Cameron does indeed win the Best Actor award, and in his acceptance speech, thanks Howard, adding, "…and he\'s gay." Howard\'s family , friends , students , co-workers , and Emily are naturally shocked, but that is nothing compared to Howard\'s own reaction of disbelief and indignation, and he angrily tries to reassure those who know him that he is heterosexual. Reporters invade his hometown, harassing him for interviews following the awards night telecast, and Howard is placed under the scrutiny of his boss, Principal Tom Halliwell , who is uncomfortable with the attention being brought to the school. Although the other reporters leave after getting their story, one stays behind: on-camera entertainment reporter Peter Malloy , who wants to wait the week out so he can cover Howard\'s wedding to Emily. Howard continues to be harassed and dismayed by the changed attitudes of everyone around him, and decides that he must sleep with Emily in order to prove his heterosexuality. Howard tries, but cannot go through with it due to his conflicting emotions and Emily\'s concern for his well-being. Howard crosses paths with Peter, who reveals he\'s gay and, trying to provide a helpful ear, narrates his own experience in coming out to his family. Howard still insists that he is not gay, prompting Peter to kiss him. Although shocked, Howard reacts somewhat positively to the kiss, vindicating Peter\'s instinct all along on the matter. Howard\'s final measure to restore his heterosexuality is the use of a self-help audio cassette, although that fails as well. During the wedding ceremony, Emily recites her vow without hesitation, but when Howard is prompted by the minister, he instead says, "I\'m gay." The wedding is off, and although Peter is proud of Howard, Howard is angry with himself for hurting Emily. Things take a turn for the worse when he is fired from the school because of his outing. Despite being fired, Howard attends the graduation ceremony to support his students. When one student  who got into college with Howard\'s hard work, learns that he was dismissed for being gay, he and his classmates proclaim themselves, one by one, to be gay as well, to show their support of Howard and to thumb their noses at the school board. Howard\'s family follows suit, as do his friends, and all the townsfolk assembled . Having learned of the ensuing media blitz while in Los Angeles, Cameron flies to his hometown, with his supermodel girlfriend , to support his former teacher and although Howard doesn\'t win \'Teacher Of The Year\', Cameron presents him with his Oscar. The film ends with Howard\'s wedding-crazy mother finally getting a wedding - her own, when she and her husband decide to renew their vows. Howard, Peter and the rest of the townsfolk attend the reception, and among the crowd are Emily and Cameron, who appear to have begun a relationship. The film ends with everyone dancing to the Village People\'s song "Macho Man".'] ['When Byron  hits the big time, no one is happier than his girlfriend Tiffany  - that is, until she catches him flirting with his sly new project manager Carla . While contemplating whether to break it off with Byron, Tiffany\'s best friend tells her about a specialist for women whose men can not control their primitive urges. Enter Ms. Shanté Smith . Using her knowledge of the male psyche and her new Five Step program, Shanté gives Tiffany the necessary tools she needs to "train" Byron and teach him a lesson for his behavior. However, Byron also has expert advice in his corner, courtesy of his best friend Gizzard . Once again, the battle for the title of the superior sex is on.'] ['The film centers on Rob Gordon , a self-confessed music geek whose flair for understanding women is over par for the course. After getting dumped by his current girlfriend, Laura , he decides to look up some of his old flames in an attempt to figure out what he keeps doing wrong in his relationships. He spends his days at his record store, Championship Vinyl, where he holds court over the customers that drift through. Helping Rob in his task of musical elitism are Dick  and Barry , the "musical moron twins," as he refers to them. Armed with an encyclopedic knowledge of all things musical, they compile "top five" lists for every conceivable occasion, openly mock the ignorance of their customers, and, every so often, sell a few records. Rob and the staff have a strong dislike for two shoplifting skateboarder teenagers, Vince  and Justin . One day, he listens to a recording that they did  and offers them a record deal, starting his own label called "Top 5 Records". During his off hours, he pines for his lost girlfriend Laura and does his best to win her back. Rob soon hears that Laura\'s father, who liked Rob, has died, and attends his funeral with Laura. Shortly after the reception, Rob realizes he never committed to Laura and always had one foot out the door. This made him realize he neglected his own future in the process. Afterwards, he and Laura move back in together again, and she organizes a celebration of the recently released single by the two delinquents, where Barry\'s band plays "Let\'s Get It On" and is delightful . In the final scene, Rob finishes his advice about making the perfect mixtape, and says that he is now making one for Laura.'] ['Maxi  is the chef and owner of a restaurant, Xantarella, who aspires to win a Michelin Star but is having financial difficulties. He helps Álex , a maître d’ who is desperately looking for a boyfriend. It has been a while since Maxi has come out of the closet and declared his homosexuality. Since then, he left behind his wife and his two children whom he hasn’t seen in the last seven years. His wife’s death leads to him to have to take care of his two estranged kids. Meanwhile, an Argentinian soccer player, Horacio , comes into Maxi and Alex’s lives and passes himself off as heterosexual when in reality he’s homosexual. The film develops from the love triangle formed between Maxi, Álex, and Horacio, Maxi’s responsibility to his kids, and the future of the restaurant.'] ['In the Ming Dynasty, there exists a legendary group of four scholars, whose literary and artistic skills are unmatched in China. Out of the four scholars, Tong Pak Fu  is most famous, for having eight wives in addition to his expertise as an artist, poet, and calligrapher. However, Tong\'s eight wives are actually complete gambling addicts, and in general, unappreciative of Tong\'s artistic skills. This leads to Tong\'s quest for a woman who truly understands him and appreciates his strengths. There is also a familial secret within the Tong Family: they have been generations of martial arts masters. The Tong Family has two major enemies: the Evil Scholar, a notorious swordsman known for The Deadly Scholastic Sword , who killed Tong Pak Fu\'s father during a melee, and a love rival of Tong Pak Fu\'s mother, Chissy. Due to these rivalries, Tong Pak Fu is forbidden by his mother to use any form of martial arts. During an outing with the other scholars, Tong stumbles upon the convoy of the House of Wah, an aristocratic family with much political power in the Ming Dynasty government. Tong also meets Chow Heung , one of the four maids in the House of Wah, who is renowned for her legendary beauty. This chance encounter convinces Tong that he has finally found his true love, and he decides to actively woo Chow Heung. On the advice of a boat driver, Tong pretends to be a lowly servant in order to gain employment in the House of Wah. Tong finds life as a servant very difficult, until he is caught helping a friend who sells Tong\'s paintings as a living. This results in Madame Wah  discovering that Tong is actually educated, through an impromptu rap Tong made up on the spot claiming that his life was ruined by Tong Pak Fu. After some persuasion by Chow Heung, Tong is hired as an assistant tutor for Madame Wah\'s two young sons, both of whom are presumed mentally challenged. After the sudden  death of the main tutor of the House of Wah, Tong is hired as the main tutor, and as a result, Tong manages to get closer to Chow Heung. The good times do not last, however, as the House of Wah is suddenly visited by Chancellor Wah\'s political rival, Prince Ning, who has hired the Evil Scholar  as his bodyguard and general counsel. Prince Ning, who is planning a coup, brings a painting by Tong Pak Fu for Chancellor Wah to enjoy, but this is a ruse, as the Prince wants the Evil Scholar to injure and kill members of the Wah Family, especially Chancellor Wah and Madame Wah, an accomplished martial artist. In the subsequent "viewing" of the painting , Madame Wah is injured, and Tong steps in to finish the battle in the House of Wah\'s favor. He succeeds, but the painting is destroyed in the process. Prince Ning seizes the opportunity to blame the House of Wah for insulting him by destroying the painting. To save the House of Wah from being possibly executed by the Emperor, Tong claims that the destroyed painting is actually a counterfeit, and that there is a copy of the genuine painting inside the Wah compounds. Tong leaves with Chow Heung to fetch the painting. However, Chow Heung is fearful of repercussions, as the House of Wah is not allowed to have any of Tong Pak Fu\'s works. While Chow Heung frets, Tong reproduces the painting in record time, and presents the painting to Prince Ning. Embarrassed at being utterly defeated at the hands of a tutor, Prince Ning leaves hastily, vowing revenge. In reproducing the painting, Tong unintentionally reveals his real identity to Madame Wah, who, as the former love rival of Tong\'s mother, is one of the enemies of the Tong Family. In a seemingly polite exchange, Madame Wah and Tong poison each other. Several days after Prince Ning\'s embarrassment, the Evil Scholar returns to annihilate the entire House of Wah. Once again, Madame Wah attempts to defend the family, but is almost killed in the process. Tong appears seconds before Madame Wah and Chow Heung  would be killed by the Evil Scholar. After a fierce battle, Tong kills the Evil Scholar and earns Chow Heung\'s hand in marriage as a reward. Madame Wah puts on a game to test Tong\'s love for Chow Heung, which Tong passes. Tong and Chow Heung eventually marry each other in a ceremony where he discovers, to his dismay, that Chow Heung is just as much a gambling addict as his previous eight wives.'] ["Trudy is the girl of Ryan's dreams, but Trudy is waiting for God to tell her who she should marry; Ryan is not what she had in mind. When Ryan's friends discover this they create a plan behind Ryan's back to convince Trudy that God has chosen her to be with Ryan. With less than brilliant ideas, each plan backfires and each scheme gets more ridiculous. As his friends Jack, Lon, and Bridgett dig themselves deeper into trouble, they try to rationalize and justify each scheme to convince Trudy."] ['Newton Davis  is a struggling architect. After building his dream house for himself and his longtime girlfriend Becky , he is crushed when she refuses to marry him. He is unable to bring himself to live in the house, and leaves it abandoned and with a debt he cannot afford. Some time later, Newton meets a waitress named Gwen  at a Hungarian restaurant. Believing that she cannot speak English, he spills out his sob story about Becky and the abandoned house. After the restaurant closes, Newton learns that she merely pretended to be Hungarian. They spend some time talking and end up spending the night together. The next morning, Gwen finds that Newton has left in the middle of the night. However, he unintentionally left behind the drawing of the house he\'d built for Becky. Piqued by the drawing, Gwen decides to take a bus ride out to see the house. She is charmed by it, and decides to take up residence in the empty domicile. Needing groceries, Gwen goes to the town\'s convenience store, where she charges her groceries to the "Newton Davis" account. When questioned about this, Gwen, who it becomes clear is a natural liar, says that she is Newton\'s wife. Gwen meets Becky, and spins a lengthy romantic story about how they fell in love, which impresses Becky. Gwen also meets Newton\'s parents, who are heartbroken that Newton got "married" without telling them, but Gwen also manages to smooth things over believably with her charm. One day, Newton travels to his hometown and is shocked to see that his house is lived in. When he finds out what Gwen has done he is initially furious, but he soon sees the potential in her being there. Gwen starts creating all sorts of opportunities for Newton: mending his relationship with his parents, helping out with his career and making Becky jealous. Newton and Gwen come to an agreement in which Gwen will help Newton get Becky, and in return she\'ll get all the furniture in the house. Through their time together Newton begins to rely more on Gwen beyond their agreement, and Gwen starts to feel attached to her life with Newton. It is also revealed that Gwen became a compulsive liar in order to escape from what she feels is her own inadequacy, and that she has "changed" her life numerous times. One night, Newton arrives home and realises that his feelings for Gwen are becoming apparent. He tells her, as she is doing laundry, that even an ugly jumper is a "turn-on" and, realising that he might have divulged a little fact, he tells her to tell him if there\'s anything that she thinks he should not wear; she denies his clothing. For the reception, Gwen uses two homeless people, Ralph and Mary, who she knew from the Budapest Cafe, to pose as her parents, to which they do successfully enough to make the town of Dobbs Mill accept their position in Gwen\'s life. The film culminates with a reception held at the house in which the sub-plots of Newton\'s career, family and affections for Becky are brought together. Annoyed with Becky for her slutty attitude, Gwen confronts her in front of everyone, accusing her of trying to win Newton back. Gwen storms out of the house in tears, and Newton follows her, thinking it is still part of the plan. Outside alone, Newton praises Gwen for her brilliance, but Gwen replies that she wanted their marriage to work and her feelings for him are apparent. Newton watches, confused, as Gwen leaves. Becky takes the opportunity to make a move on Newton, and asks him whether all of Gwen\'s stories were real. Newton answers that they were all true--not revealing that he lied about them--and chases after Gwen. Newton stops Gwen as she is about to board a bus to leave town. Although she resists, Newton follows her example and begins telling an outlandish romantic story of something they supposedly did, which makes Gwen decide to stay. The film ends on the note of Newton and Gwen being happily married and living together in the house, watching a house being constructed for Ralph and Mary, who are officially "Bernie and Mary Duncle" in the eyes of the town and Newton\'s family. As Newton and Gwen go into the house to have sex, the final spoken words are of Newton saying "I love you, Gwen" and Gwen replying, "Actually, it\'s Jessica."'] ['The movie opens with an animated telling of Tomás Fuentes\'  life, in which he is always surrounded by women. In his current life, he is a representative for the Olivero & Sanchez Marketing Group in Los Angeles and is busy travelling to visit all three of his girlfriends to give them each a gift. Cici , a cocktail waitress from Miami who enjoys being the center of attention; Patricia Sofia Ordonez Coronado del Pescador , a debutante of New York\'s high society who is tired of her mother\'s  endless attempts to marry her off; and Lorena Morales , a lawyer from Chicago who loves how Tomas makes her feel sexy; have fallen for him and given him the affectionate nickname "Papi". This love triangle of sorts affects Tomás\' work life, causing him to pass out during a presentation. His doctor learns of the love triangle, tells Tomás to choose only one woman, prescribes tranquilizers and advises against driving, alcohol and women. By strange coincidence, all three of his girlfriends go to Los Angeles after hearing their horoscopes read by Walter Mercado, Univision\'s Primer Impacto fortune teller. Unfortunately, they arrive before he gets home from the doctor\'s and only end up surprising each other. Instead of fighting each other, all three agree to leave and quit Tomas cold turkey as revenge for his cheating on them. In their absence, Tomás arrives home and takes his tranquilizers with alcohol. The girls each have second thoughts about leaving and return to confront Tomás directly. First Lorena, then Patricia and finally Cici, causing Tomás to overdose on alcohol and tranquilizers and pass out again. Mary , Tomás\' secretary, calls hoping he is doing better. Outside Tomas\' house, FBI agent Carmen Rivera , is waiting. She followed Cici to Los Angeles as part of an investigation. Fala, Cici\'s business partner, had Cici do her boyfriend, Ricky, a favor by taking a car that he sold online to the buyer in Los Angeles. Ricky is involved in the Whittaker counterfeit ring Agent Rivera is investigating. The girls spot her while panicking about what to do with Tomas and think she is "the L.A. woman" who just called, probably from a cell phone. Scared by Agent Rivera\'s firearm, the girls decide to take Tomás out of the house and wait until he wakes up and decide which girl he wants to be with. They load all their bags in Ricky\'s car and, after a short chase, they decide to stay at a Marriott hotel instead of a Motel 6. Unfortunately, Patricia\'s credit cards have been canceled by her mother. However, Lorena is their saving grace. The Miss Latina American Beauty Pageant is being held in that very same hotel and Miss Puerto Rico\'s flight was delayed. Lorena bears a resemblance to the real beauty contestant and takes her place. Cici passes herself and Patricia off as her staff. When moving their bags to Miss Puerto Rico\'s room, a bag falls off the cart onto the luggage room floor. In the hotel room, all three girls have dinner, empty three bottles of champagne and share their life stories with each other. They each then have a dream in which they end up with Tomás but feel bad about leaving the other two behind. The next morning, Lorena has to meet the judges and Cici has to deliver Ricky\'s car to a man named Rodrigo  who apparently bought it. They leave Tomás but, in their absence, he\'s taken by Agent Rivera who has followed them to the hotel. It turns out Rodrigo was not interested in the car but a bag that was supposed to be in the trunk. Upon returning to hotel with Rodrigo\'s associate, Victor ([[Freddy Rodriguez , the girls discover Tomás is missing and a note that reads, "If you want your Papi back, bring the money to the Don Quixote puppet at L.A. Latin festival at 5 PM. No cops." Patricia knocks Victor out with a lamp and Cici calls Fala in Miami for answers about the car but doesn\'t get any. All that is left is to do what the note says. They are interrupted by Costas Delgado , the director of the pageant, who has been looking for Lorena and needs her to meet with the judges immediately. Patricia finds the extra bag filled with money in the luggage room and Cici gets a map to the festival. Victor comes to, calls Rodrigo and they plan to catch the girls at the festival. While Miss Mexico is being interviewed, Lorena unbuttons her blouse slightly to show off her cleavage and Costas helps her with her sash. During Lorena\'s interview, Patricia and Cici arrive but so does the real Miss Puerto Rico , who outs Lorena as an impostor. Cici trips her, allowing all three to escape. Outside, Tomás wakes up in Agent Rivera\'s car. Agent Rivera tells him she intends to use him and the girls in order to detain Victor and Rodrigo. They follow the girls to the festival as they leave in Ricky\'s car. On the way, the girls\' car breaks down completely. They steal a Harley-Davidson motorcycle, which Patricia knows how to drive, promising the owner to bring it right back and lose both the map and Agent Rivera in another chase. Upon arrival, the girls see the puppet is behind the stage. Running through the crowd to avoid the cops, Patricia loses one of her colored contact lenses. Since she looks "so much better without all that money", she simply takes the other one out. Victor and Rodrigo spot them and the girls run on stage where Sheila E. is performing and dance to singer Christina Vidal\'s song, Dejaré, regardless of their mixed dance backgrounds. Victor and Rodrigo get closer to the stage, causing the girls to run off mid-performance. They all run to the puppet, where Carmen and other FBI agents surround them and apprehend Victor and Rodrigo. Tomás is reunited with all three of his girlfriends. He apologizes to them for his deception and is unable to choose between them. The girls, however, have all found their inner strengths and choose to leave him instead. Tomás decides to take Agent Carmen\'s advice and spend some time alone... after taking her out for dinner. Returning to the festival crowds, the girls are invited to return to the stage where they dance to Christina Vidal\'s song It\'s All About Nothing. The movie\'s timeline advances five months later and the girls have kept in touch. Patricia has moved into her own apartment with her dog Fifi and has gotten a job at an art gallery. Cici is an entertainer on a cruise liner with her business partner Fala. Lorena is still a lawyer working pro-bono but puts her time off to good use and becomes the self-proclaimed "Queen of Tango". Fifi hears her horoscope that advises her to "go outside the door because love is waiting for [her]." The movie ends with Fifi finding her "Puppy Chulo."'] ['Isabel  visits her sister, Roxeanne , a poet who is living in Paris with her husband, Charles-Henri, and her young daughter, Gennie. Roxy is pregnant, but her husband has just walked out on her. She holds the lie that he is "in the country" selling a painting. Isabel discovers the truth and agrees to go see Charles-Henri with Roxy to give him his contacts which he left behind. Arriving, Charles-Henri makes an excuse to leave when Paris-based American author Olivia Pace , a friend of Roxy\'s, arrives. Olivia offers Isabel a job which she takes. Later, the sisters go to the country to visit Charles-Henri\'s family for Sunday brunch. It is there that Isabel meets Charles-Henri\'s mother , along with Charles-Henri\'s uncle, Edgar. Later, while helping Olivia, Isabel meets Yves, another one of Olivia\'s workers. The two have sex, and afterwards while watching television Isabel sees Edgar giving a speech and admits she is attracted to him. The two have lunch and begin an affair, but Isabel still strings Yves along. Edgar sends a Hermes Paris Kelly bag to Isabel, which is an expensive item Roxy knows Isabel can\'t afford, and Isabel tells Roxy of their affair. Meanwhile, Roxy meets Charles-Henri\'s own mistress, Magda Tellman. Magda\'s husband, an American, begins to stalk Isabel\'s apartment complex. One afternoon, Roxy meets Charles-Henri at a park where Gennie rides a carousel. The two talk and Roxy says she doesn\'t want a divorce, but Charles-Henri does. Roxy admits she\'s been thinking about names and likes Henri-Luc. Charles-Henri is still not entertained and leaves. Later that evening, Isabel finds a bloody, unconscious Roxy on the sofa and calls an ambulance. Roxy lives and apologizes for her attempt at suicide and is aided by her lawyer. Isabel calls the family to Paris to help with Roxy. This only further complicates things, especially when Edgar\'s wife, Amelie, discovers the affair through Edgar\'s sister and Roxy\'s mother-in-law. Along with this, Olivia\'s own long over affair with Edgar is exposed, and Charles-Henri is found dead, murdered by Magda Tellman\'s husband in a crime of passion. Mr. Tellman follows the Walkers up the Eiffel Tower where he corners them and pulls a gun, demanding to have an opportunity to explain to an absent Roxy why he killed her husband. After some persuasion, Tellman slides the gun over to Isabel who puts it in her Kelly bag before throwing it off the Eiffel Tower. Subsequently, Edgar ends his affair with Isabel with a Chanel scarf and a blunt, brief lunch. Charles-Henri\'s mother still stays involved with her new grandson, presumably named Henri-Luc or Luc\'s, life. Roxy marries her lawyer, Isabel begins a real relationship with Yves and the family painting by La Tour of Saint Ursula sells for almost USD 4 million. This prompts the family to begin a foundation for Saint Ursula based in Paris.'] ['Gary Grobowski  and Brooke Meyers  meet at Wrigley Field during a Chicago Cubs baseball game and begin dating, eventually buying a condominium together. Gary works as a tour guide in a family business with his brothers, Lupus  and Dennis . Brooke manages an art gallery owned by eccentric artist Marilyn Dean . They\'re pushed to the breaking point after their latest, "Why can\'t you do this one little thing for me!?" argument. Brooke, feeling unappreciated, criticizes Gary\'s immaturity and unwillingness to work on their relationship. Gary, on the other hand, is frustrated by Brooke’s controlling, perfectionist attitude and expresses his desire to have more space, particularly after coming home from work. Brooke becomes upset when Gary fails to offer to help her clean up after a dinner party and, still frustrated from their earlier argument, breaks up with him. Brooke seeks relationship advice from her friend Addie , while Gary goes to unload his feelings with the support of his friend Johnny Ostrofski . Since neither is willing to move out of the condo, they compromise by living as roommates and both begin acting out to provoke the other. Gary buys a pool table, litters the condo with food and trash, and even has a strip poker party with Lupus and a few women. Meanwhile, Brooke has Gary kicked off their "couples only" bowling team and starts dating other men in an attempt to make Gary jealous. When their friend and realtor Mark Riggleman  sells the condo, Gary and Brooke are given a two week notice to move out. Brooke invites Gary to an Old 97\'s concert hoping he\'ll intuit the gesture as her last-ditch attempt to salvage their relationship. Gary agrees to meet her there but fails to see the significance and misses the concert, which breaks Brooke\'s heart. Afterwards, Brooke quits her job in order to spend time traveling Europe. When she brings a date home one evening, Brooke finds the condo cleaned and Gary preparing a fancy dinner in order to win her back. He lays his heart on the line and promises to appreciate her more. Brooke begins crying and states that she just can\'t give anymore and, therefore, does not feel the same way. Gary seems to understand and kisses her before walking out. It\'s later revealed that Brooke\'s "date"  was actually a client interested in a piece of artwork she owned in her condo. When Gary goes out for a drink with Johnny, his friend points out the fact that Gary has always had his guard up, and never gave Brooke a chance because that has created such selfishness on his part. They move out and Gary begins taking a more active role in his tour guide business while Brooke travels the world, eventually returning to Chicago. Some time later, they meet again by chance on the street as Gary is bringing home groceries and Brooke is on her way to a meeting. After some awkward but friendly catching up, they part ways but each glances back over their shoulder and they share a smile.'] ['Danny Maccabee  is a successful plastic surgeon in Los Angeles who feigns unhappy marriages to get women, and to avoid romantic commitment that may lead to heartbreak. The only woman aware of his schemes is his office manager and best friend Katherine Murphy , a divorced mother of two. At a party, Danny meets Palmer , a sixth grade math teacher, without his wedding ring on, and they have a connection together. The next morning, she finds the ring and assumes he is married. She refuses to date him because her parents divorced due to adultery and does not want to be an adulteress herself. Instead of telling her the truth, Danny tells her that he is getting divorced from a woman named Devlin, named after Devlin Adams whom Katherine had mentioned was an old college sorority nemesis. Danny tells Palmer that they are getting divorced because she cheated on him with a man named "Dolph Lundgren" . Palmer then insists on meeting Devlin. Danny asks Katherine to pose as "Devlin" and they go shopping on Rodeo Drive for new clothes to dress like a trophy wife. A made-over Katherine/Devlin then meets with Danny and Palmer and gives them her blessing. However, after hearing Katherine talking on the phone with her kids, Palmer assumes that her kids are Danny\'s as well. Danny then privately meets with Katherine\'s kids, Maggie  and Michael , to get them to play along with the ruse. Palmer meets the kids, who then blackmail Danny in front of Palmer to take them all to Hawaii. At the airport, they are all surprised by Danny\'s goofball cousin Eddie , who has adopted an Austrian disguise as the "Dolph Lundgren" that Danny had made up earlier. To maintain the lies, Danny and Katherine are forced to bring him along. At the resort in Hawaii, Danny tells Eddie he is considering asking Palmer to marry him. Katherine and Danny also run into the real-life Devlin Adams  and her husband Ian Maxtone-Jones , who allegedly invented the iPod. Because of Katherine and Devlin\'s long-time rivalry, Katherine introduces Danny as her husband rather than admit she is a single mother. Later, Palmer decides to spend time with Katherine so that Danny can spend more time with the kids. Danny teaches Michael how to swim, and Katherine and Palmer look on in admiration. Katherine again runs into Devlin, who invites her and Danny out to dinner. Eddie agrees to take Palmer out to dinner so that Danny can go with Katherine. Since he is supposed to be a sheep salesman, Eddie\'s cover is nearly blown when he is forced to save the life of an actual sheep who choked on a toy whistle, though he nearly kills the animal in the process. At dinner, Devlin asks Danny and Katherine to tell each other what they admire most about each other, and, as Danny and Katherine talk, they start to feel a connection. Later, when Palmer and Eddie return from their dinner date, Palmer suggests that she and Danny get married now, since a drunken Eddie told her about Danny\'s plans of engagement. Danny and Katherine are both surprised by her proposition, but Danny ultimately agrees. Danny later calls Katherine regarding his confusion, but Katherine says that she will be taking a job in New York City  to get a fresh start to her life. The next day, Palmer confronts Katherine about Danny\'s feelings for her, which Katherine dismisses. Katherine then runs into Devlin at a bar and admits that she pretended being married to Danny to avoid embarrassment. Devlin confesses that she is divorcing Ian because he is gay and also that he did not invent the iPod but made his money after suing the Los Angeles Dodgers after getting hit by a foul ball. Katherine confides in Devlin about being in love with Danny, but then Danny shows up behind her saying that he is not marrying Palmer and that he is in love with Katherine. Meanwhile, on the plane ride back to the mainland, Palmer meets a professional tennis player  who shares her interests. Sometime later, Danny and Katherine get married.'] ['Jerry Falk  is an aspiring writer living in New York City who falls in love at first sight with Amanda  and begins having an affair and eventually tells his girlfriend about it so that she will dump him because Falk cannot end relationships. Seeking advice, Jerry turns to an aging struggling artist  who acts as his oracle &mdash; and that includes trying to help sort out Jerry’s romantic life.'] ['The film starts with Henry Griffin  learning from his oncologist that his cancer has spread and that he only has one year, two at most, left to live. This discovery starts him on a journey of self-reflection which includes starting a novel and taking a psychology class at New York University. In this class, he meets Sarah Phoenix . Although Phoenix sends Griffin the occasional mixed signals, the two team up for a whirlwind of adventurous and almost childlike activities: sneaking into movie theaters, drinking coffee until sunrise, hopping railroad cars, and more. The two fall for one another, and their relationship deepens when Phoenix reveals that she is also suffering from a terminal disease. Together, they strive to make the most of their last days alive.'] ["Meg Peters just can't seem to find Mr. Right, until one day she bleaches her hair blonde. Men begin to swarm around, but none she feels is Mr. Right until she meets a crooner at a local club . The plot thickens when she also meets an old high-school friend, now a wealthy but muscle-bound hunk .{{cite web}} Typical situations follow, such as a scene where she stands up Bublé for a date with Hutzler, and Bublé ends up making out with her girlfriend played by Maeve Quinlan.{{cite book}} In the rather contrived ending, everything ends happily."] ["Indian-born Manmohan Malhotra  re-located to London, England, established himself, returned to India, got married to Bebo , and after four years got a visa for her so that she could live with him. Shortly thereafter, she gave birth to Jasmeet . Manmohan was always embarrassed by Bebo as she was fat and could not speak English. As a result, he always left her out of important occasions, while he socialized. Bebo did not want Jasmeet to end up like her, so she got her educated in an English school, encouraged to mingle with British friends, and Jasmeet was transformed in to Jazz &mdash; a beautiful young woman, modern in looks, talk, habits, and heart. Her father had set her to meet a young lad, Bobby Bedi , though the date turns out to be a disaster and Bobby rejects her. Manmohan thinks that it is impossible to get him a Indian son-in-law, although his friend, Parvez Khan , is in a similar situation with his son, Imran , who has a blonde girlfriend, Susan . Manmohan takes his family for a tour in India and forces Jasmeet to marry Arjun Singh . On their return to London, Jasmeet announces that she is getting married to Charlie Brown , who is well educated and has good friends and connections, even with Prince Charles. She refuses to recognize her marriage with Arjun as there is no proof of the wedding. When Jasmeet is introduced to the friends of the Brown family, she is subjected to considerable racist abuse  as well as a quote from Winston Churchill: 'When we leave India, the country will be in the hands of goons'. During this period, Jazz becomes close with Arjun who still supports her. Charlie Brown then has a rugby match against the Indians and Arjun, the English lose and Brown is verbally racist to the Indians. While Imran is asked by Susan's parents to leave Islam, become a Christian, change his name to Emmanuel or Ian, as well as provide a written proof that his family is not associated with terrorists. The film ends on a happy note with Imran, not turns to be a Christian and Susan being accepted with Imran's family; Jazz realizes her love for Arjun runs away from her wedding to Charlie Brown and goes with Arjun back to India where they are seen riding Arjun's motorcycle."] ['The film follows various plot arcs all occurring on New Year\'s Eve of 1981. Monica  is throwing a big New Year\'s bash and is desperately afraid no one will attend. Early on the only person to have arrived is her friend Hillary . As she tries to convince Hillary to stay, we learn about various other groupings of individuals who are all on their way. The film follows several characters as they spend New Year\'s Eve in New York City before eventually showing up at Monica\'s party. The characters are: Val  and Stephie , teens from Ronkonkoma who get lost in the seedy Alphabet City section of the borough and wander into a punk club where they meet Dave  and Tom , who have a "package" they need to deliver; ditsy and awkward Cindy  who is on a dinner date with the paranoid Jack ; Lucy  and her best friend Kevin  who are struggling with the sexual tension between them; Kevin\'s feminist ex girlfriend Ellie , who walks in on Kevin and Lucy mid-coitus in a restroom stall; a dim-witted and flirtatious bartender ; competitive friends Bridget  and Caitlyn  who attempt to ditch Bridget\'s boyfriend Eric  ; and the eccentric cab driver  who takes them all around town throughout the evening in his disco themed taxi. Eventually, all the characters find their way to the party, although in the meantime Monica has passed out after drowning her sorrows in alcohol. She wakes up the next morning to find many unrecognizable people on her floor, including Stephie who tells her what a big hit her party was. Monica is thrilled , especially when she finds out that Elvis Costello showed up. The final montage shows Polaroids of the party, narrated by the disco cabbie, mostly featuring the unlikely romances from the party and the unconscious Monica being propped up by her party guests.'] ["An amiable garage mechanic, Ed Walters , meets Catherine Boyd , a beautiful Princeton University mathematics doctoral candidate, as she comes into the garage, accompanied by her stiff and fussy English fiancé, experimental psychology professor James Moreland . There is an immediate connection, but she refuses to acknowledge it. Finding a watch she left at the garage, Ed travels to her address and finds himself face to face with Albert Einstein , who is Catherine's uncle. Albert, portrayed as a fun-loving genius who along with his mischievous friends, fellow scientists Nathan Liebknecht , Kurt Gödel , and Boris Podolsky , sees Ed as someone who would be better suited for Catherine. The four of them attempt to help Ed look and sound more like a scientist , while at the same time trying to convince Catherine that life is not all about the mind but about the heart as well. This is intended to be Einstein's most enduring legacy to his niece as he realizes that he'll not be available for her for very much longer. Catherine eventually sees through the ruse, but falls for Ed anyway. The very last image in the movie is of a smiling Albert Einstein using a small telescope to spy on the two young moonstruck lovers as they take delight in each other's company."] ['Abby Richter  is a morning show TV producer in Sacramento, California. Abby firmly believes in true love and is a big supporter of complex self help books such as Chicken Soup for the Soul and Men Are from Mars, Women Are from Venus. Coming home from a disastrous date, she happens to see a segment of a local television show, The Ugly Truth, featuring Mike Chadway , whose cynicism about relationships prompts Abby to call in to argue with him on-air. The next day, she discovers the TV station is threatening to cancel her show because of its poor ratings. The station owner has hired Mike to do a segment on her show. At first, the two have a rocky relationship; Abby thinks Mike is crass and disgusting while Mike finds her to be naive and a control freak. Nevertheless, when she meets the man of her dreams, a doctor named Colin  living next to her, Mike convinces her that by following his advice she will improve her chances with Colin. Abby is skeptical, but they make a deal: If Mike\'s management of her courtship results in her landing Colin, proving his theories on relationships, she will work happily with him, but if Mike fails, he agrees to leave her show.Mike succeeds in improving the ratings, brings married co-anchors Georgia and Larry closer and successfully instructs Abby to be exactly what Colin would want through a number of pointers including: always laugh at his jokes and say he is amazing in bed. Mike is invited to appear on The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson and is offered a job at another network. Abby is forced to cancel a romantic weekend away with Colin, during which they had planned to finally sleep together, and instead fly to Los Angeles to persuade Mike to stay with her show. They drink and dance and Mike admits he does not want to move because he wants to stay in Sacramento near his sister and nephew. In the hotel elevator, they passionately kiss, but go to their separate rooms. Mike, dealing with the intensity of his feelings for Abby, calls on her room only to find Colin has shown up to surprise her. Mike leaves. Abby is upset and soon realizes Colin only likes the woman she has been pretending to be, not the real her. She breaks up with him. Mike quits and takes a job with a rival TV station in Sacramento, and ends up doing a broadcast at the same hot-air balloon festival as Abby. He cannot resist intruding when she kicks the new "Mike Chadway" imitator off the air and goes into a tirade about what cowardly weaklings men are. The balloon takes off while they argue. Abby says she broke up with Colin, and Mike admits he loves her. Abby kisses him while they fly off, all of which is broadcast due to a camera mounted in the balloon. The film ends with Abby and Mike in bed. When Mike asks if he is really that good, Abby smirks and responds, "You\'ll never know."'] ["Leary plays the role of a petty thief who steals a $4,000,000 masterpiece painting. Bullock plays his girlfriend who works as a cashier. She befriends the potential buyer of the painting played by Dillane on an island. After being captured by FBI Agent O'Malley played by Kotto at the fish factory she discovers her new friend is actually an art thief."] ['Matt  and Ryan ([[James O\'Shea  were best friends in high school, but ten years later, Matt receives an invitation to Ryan\'s wedding, he is surprised - especially that Ryan\'s intended, whose name is Alex, is a woman . Matt and Ryan had a gay moment in high school, and Matt has held a torch for Ryan for the past ten years. Described by a co-worker as "so \'My Best Friend\'s Gay Wedding,\'" Matt races off to rescue his former love from this woman who must have trapped him into marriage. Matt and Alex hit it off, Matt and Ryan have some things to work out, and a cast of character in-laws  keeps the laughter going.'] ["Glenda Jackson plays Vicky Allesio, a divorced mother of two. George Segal plays Steve Blackburn, a married father who 'has cheated on his wife once... in the same town.' After sharing a taxi together Steve invites Vicky to tea, and then lunch, where he takes Vicky up to a hotel room, hoping to have sex. Vicky admits that she would like to have uncomplicated sex, but isn't impressed by the setting, wanting somewhere sunny. Steve arranges a trip to Málaga. Steve's wife Gloria turns up just as they are about to go, with Vicky travelling as his 'mother', and in turn he arranges and cancels tickets on the plane for his wife, children and in-laws. Once at the airport however Steve bumps into Walter Menkes,  an American movie producer. Unable to admit that he's with Vicky, Steve spends the flight next to Walter, and Vicky sits elsewhere. On arrival in Málaga, Steve ends up giving the last decent car to Walter to get rid of him, and takes instead an Italian car with an awkward clutch, which he has trouble driving to Vicky's discomfort and annoyance. Once at the hotel, they end up struggling up several flights of stairs in order to find a decent double room. Once settled the atmosphere becomes awkward, as both argue over their respective sides during sex. Eventually Steve is persuaded to just get on top of her, but turns suddenly and causes a spasm in his back. A doctor is called and Steve is put to sleep, while Vicky sleeps on top of the bedding. In the morning, Vicky bumps into an American lady and her children, Patty  while shopping for her son. She invites Vicky to dinner, but Vicky sharply declines. When Steve finally wakes up Vicky is sunning herself in a bikini on the balcony. The two finally have sex. Getting dressed after, Steve is disappointed in Vicky's lack of enthusiasm about their sex, and becomes angered. During a game of golf after Vicky becomes offended by Steve's need to beat a local boy, who has bet with him while playing. As the tension mounts between them, Vicky decides to go to dinner with Patty and Steve arranges dinner with Walter. When they arrive separately, Vicky discovers Patty is Walter's wife and the two are forced into an uncomfortable dinner with the couple. Steve becomes offended when Vicky is amused that Steve's daughter is fat and has crooked teeth. After an argument in the bedroom, Steve and Vicky decide to head back to London. Steve decides not to bother reserving any plane tickets, and as they get to the airport the last two tickets have gone. Returning to the hotel, they begin to fight and attack each other in the hotel room. Steve grabs Vicky on the bed, almost ripping her dress off. Pulled onto the bed, Steve tries to have sex with her, but can't undo his trouser zip. Vicky responds 'my god, my one chance to be raped, and you can't get your bloody trousers off.' The two collapse laughing and their relationship blossoms over the remainder of the holiday. Walter and Patty notice their blossoming relationship, and Walter confides to Steve that he had a similar holiday romance. Walter warns that it won't work out, because he won't be able to leave his wife and kids. Steve decides that he still wants to see Vicky when they get back to London and they get a secret flat together, in a building occupied by 'French' prostitutes. Doing it up together, Steve ends up finding secret opportunities to meet her. Steve takes the dog for a walk to go join her, and on going home, forgets the dog. On another occasion he sneaks out during an opera, and comes back wearing golf socks, claiming his kids must have mixed his stuff up. Gradually, the relationship becomes more complicated, as it seems that Vicky is going to a lot of effort to be with him. Steve comes around for sex after a baseball game in the park, and has to leave in a hurry, without staying for coffee. Leaving, he gets flowers and takes them back to her, finding her in the kitchen eating a large meal she'd cooked for the two of them. He leaves without saying anything. Vicky later cancels lunch with him, which Steve's co-workers have noticed, as his secretary asks if he is having a 'short lunch or a long lunch.' He arranges to meet with her in the evening, despite having a very heavy workload, forgetting that he is attending the theatre with his wife. When his wife then calls demanding to know why he is late for the Harold Pinter play, he tries to call Vicky, but is unable to reach her. Vicky sees Steve and Gloria at the theatre together as she is out shopping for the meal she is cooking. When Steve eventually turns up at their flat, he tells Vicky he's been working late, but she confronts him about the theatre. Eventually she breaks down and sits quietly at the table, concerned that she is 'beginning to sound like a wife.' The next morning Steve sends a telegram to the flat for Vicky, telling her that it is over between them. However, on returning home later he changes his mind, and runs out the door. Vicky, however has been given the telegram, which he thought had been cancelled, and begins packing her belongings to leave. When Steve gets to the flat, having bought food to cook for them, he finds a record playing and Vicky gone. Looking out the window he sees her standing at the bus stop. He bangs on the window to get her attention but she doesn't seem to notice and gives up waiting for a bus. She walks along and hails a taxi, which another man hails down in an echo of Vicky and Steve in the beginning of the film. Vicky asks the man, who is handsome and smiles, if he is married. When he says yes, Vicky walks off and leaves him the taxi."] ["In 19th century London, young Polly Peachum falls for the famous womanizing criminal Macheath and they decide to get married, but because of her family's disapproval, her father  has MacHeath arrested."] ['This film is a Cyrano type love story with a wartime setting. A soldier , answers a letter intended for his more handsome and wolfish buddy .'] ["At last the newly crowned King of Denmark, Edvard, and his wife and Queen, Dr. Paige Morgan, find time to fly to Belavia for their secret honeymoon. They spend their Christmas holidays at a fabulous ski resort, but as they take a tour of Belavia's natural beauty, Eddie and Paige discover that the evil Prime Minister Polonius has given orders to bulldoze the precious forests - to drill for oil. Then, the couple bump into Paige's ex-boyfriend, Scott. Eddie immediately becomes jealous - furthermore he suspects Scott cannot be trusted. Paige and Eddie must do everything they can to save the forest, even if it means putting aside their honeymoon."] ["After failing romantically with girls their own age, a group of nerdy male college students discover the excitement of hooking up with sexy older women, often referred to as MILFs. Lifelong best friends Brandon  and Anthony  as well as their geek/gamer friends Nate  and Ross  succeed beyond their wildest dreams as they hook up with lady after lady. However, when Brandon falls for Anthony’s sexually active mother, the guys' whole scheme begins to fall apart."] ['Daniel Chang  is a twenty-something second-generation Chinese-American living at home in San Francisco with his widowed mother, who can speak broken English, and his grandmother , who cannot speak English. Ever since his father died, he has fulfilled his patriarchal duty as first and only son by managing the family business and looking after his mother. Being gay, he avoids the second major responsibility of carrying on the family line through heterosexual marriage and reproduction. Out of respect for his mother\'s values, he tries to keep, as he puts it, his home life and his "homo life" separate. By not directly telling his mother that he is gay, he has unwittingly found himself in a tense but hilarious situation where his mother continually pressures him to marry women of her choosing. Luckily, Daniel\'s female friend, Michelle, graciously rescues him from the constant onslaught of potential dates by pretending to be his steady girlfriend , which deflects his need to come out to his mother. Besides the extra money Mrs. Chang makes playing Mahjong, she also rents out the basement illegally. Daniel relates how he was quite happy to leave the previous female tenant alone. Daniel expects his mother to replace the previous tenant with another woman and is astounded when the new tenant turns out to be Robert, a young attractive white man from Indiana. Daniel immediately has a crush on him. Following a plumbing mishap that floods the basement with raw sewage, Mrs. Chang apologetically moves Robert into the only other bedroom that is not hers—Daniel\'s room. Even though reality has merged with Daniel\'s deepest fantasies, he bows to the paranoia that his mother will find out he is gay and decides to sleep on the living room sofa. Mrs. Chang eventually kicks Daniel off the couch so she can watch her late-night TV programs, and he is forced to share his bed with Robert. Daniel manages to be prudish for a few nights but eventually the two become lovers. Daniel\'s fear of being caught making out with a man constantly gets in between his relationship with Robert, and Daniel begins to wish that the basement repairs would finish soon so they could move their lovemaking to a safer area. However, one day Mrs. Chang and Grandma return home earlier than expected right in the middle of one of Daniel and Robert\'s trysts. Grandma walks in on them during copulation to offer them mooncakes, one of the few English words she knows. She sheepishly leaves the mooncakes on the nightstand and exits, giving them enough time to roll apart to opposite sides of the bed just as Mrs. Chang walks in. Daniel quickly chastizes her for not knocking and makes up the excuse that he was napping. Mrs. Chang does not seem to notice that both he and Robert are naked, but she bluntly tells Robert to move his belongings back into the basement that night. With the basement repaired, Daniel imagines he can finally spend time with Robert away from his mother\'s prying eyes, but the very next day a San Francisco building inspector stops by. Daniel suspects his own mother called the inspector, who gives the Chang\'s a list of expensive home improvements that would be needed to legally rent the room. Mrs. Chang jumps at the chance, arguing with Daniel that she has no choice but to make Robert move out. Their argument echoes in the basement and Robert hears Daniel give in without too much of a fight. Heartbroken, Robert moves away to a friend\'s place in Pasadena. Daniel reaches his breaking point. Miserable and determined not to be alone forever, he comes out to his mother the very next time she starts talking about available young women. This time he is direct and asserts that he wants to be with Robert. Mrs. Chang reacts angrily, lecturing Daniel in her native tongue and storming away from him. In her confusion, disappointment and fear of losing Daniel , she turns to the only other woman she knows with a gay son, Robert\'s mother. Robert\'s mother asks Mrs. Chang if it wouldn\'t be so bad to have another son, a clever way of getting around the cultural taboo of same-sex love. Shortly thereafter, Mrs. Chang calls Daniel back home to meet another potential date. Daniel flips out and races back home to stand up to his mother for the last time. He opens the door bellowing out, "Mother!" but almost chokes from surprise when Robert walks toward him instead. Mrs. Chang had invited Robert to be part of their family.'] ["Delhii Heights is a high-rise apartment in Delhi, where Abi  and his wife  lives, a married couple who work for rival companies, live. It's about how their professional lives affect their personal ones. Also, there lives Timmy Kohli , a fun loving Sikh, with his wife Ruby  and two daughters, Sweety  and . Then there is Bobby  and his wife Saima . Bobby is a compulsive flirt and his wife knows about it. How things take place and how their lives change is to be seen. Then there is Lucky , a cricket bookie, a hilarious character in itself. Also, there are four boys, and {are two of them }, residents of Delhii Heights, who keep running after girls and pulling each others' legs."] ["Charley Pearl is the heir to a toothpaste empire's fortune. He is a playboy who doesn't work for a living, spending his time indulging in hobbies like speedboats and fast cars. Charley is engaged to be married to the daughter of Lew Horner, a foul-mouthed, hot-tempered Hollywood studio mogul. Horner is concerned that Charley has no ambition of any kind and no apparent guilt about it. The studio chief warns Charley that if he should make Adele unhappy in any way, there will be hell to pay. His four best friends—a comedian, a songwriter, a singer and a baseball manager —accompany Charley on a drive to Las Vegas for a final bachelor's fling. Charley is willing to foot the bill for Phil, Sammy, Tony and George but is eager to get back home to his fiancee. They make a quick stop for a drink at a nightclub where Vicki Anderson, a glamorous singer, immediately disrupts Charley's thoughts of wedded bliss. He tries to pick up Vicki after her performance but is sternly warned that she belongs to somebody else. Vicki responds to Charley's charm, however, and obligingly offers to leave a window open at her home. Charley shows up and they end up in bed, only to be caught in the act by her other lover—Bugsy Siegel, the notorious gangster. Rather than react violently, Bugsy amuses himself with the notion that he will take the scared-stiff Vicki and Charley to a justice of the peace in the middle of the night and make them marry one another. Charley drives her back to California and offers to pay her expenses, but Vicki walks out, wanting nothing more from him. In the meantime, their wedding photo pops up on the front page of the morning newspaper—with Charley's engagement announcement to Lew Horner's daughter appearing on a later page, as the enraged studio boss points out. Charley apologizes and still wants to marry a sobbing Adele. He agrees to get an annulment from Vicki and to pay a considerable sum to charity if he should dare disappoint Horner's daughter again. Charley accidentally runs into Vicki again and can't help himself. Charley remarries Vicki and once again leaving his fiancee in the lurch. Lew Horner stops just short of killing Charley, instead sending a couple of thugs to beat him and toss him into a swimming pool. Charley accepts this as fair. Vicki is happy, too, momentarily, coming home with an offer that could advance her career, only to learn that Charley's father has died and he is needed on the other side of the country in Boston, where he is now expected to run the family's business. Vicki puts her career on hold and spends two years in Boston, enduring high society and boring tea parties. She can't wait to get back to California and her career, but when Charley reneges on his promise, Vicki promptly gets a divorce. It doesn't take long for Charley to return west. He and his friends track Vicki to a nightclub where she has taken up with another shady figure. They become involved in a violent brawl. Charley then makes off with Vicki and marries her a third time, to the amazement of his pals. As a gesture of gratitude, Charley sinks millions of dollars into a movie studio where he intends to produce pictures featuring his wife. But while the careers of his buddies take off, Charley and Vicki begin to have children and raise a family. Nothing at the new studio gets under way and Charley goes broke. He angrily blames Vicki, who walks out on him yet again. Divorced and depressed, a haggard-looking Charley is found by his friends quite a bit later at a nightclub, where he tells them he has recently gone into a promising new line of work: computers. He stares dreamily at the stage where Vicki is performing her act. Charley shows his friends a diamond engagement ring that he has brought with him. Vicki slides it onto her finger."] ["Jenny Taylor  is a fan of Jason Masters , a world-famous rock star, but her efforts to meet him are always thwarted by her nemesis, Alexis . Hoping to get another chance, Jenny takes a job in Masters' favorite Caribbean resort in St. Luchas with Ryan ([[Jonathan Bennett  her lifelong friend. She gets her chance by sneaking aboard a vessel Jason is on, but he is washed overboard in a storm while recovering from a bout of sea-sickness, and Jenny jumps in to save him. The pair find themselves stranded on a seemingly-deserted tropical island. Jenny discovers that they have landed a short distance from the resort, but instead of telling Jason the truth, she selfishly leads him believe they are stranded so she can make him fall in love with her. After she discovers Jenny's plan, a jealous Alexis pretends to be marooned as well and joins them. As Jenny's plans fall apart, she begins to realize that her perfect love may have been with her all along - Ryan, whom she has always put off dating due to their friendship, has had a crush on her his whole life. While Ryan has been helping her by giving her things to survive on the island , he has been seeking advice on asking her out. He completely transforms himself and when she sees him, all she talks about is Jason. Ryan starts to feel bad and begins to leave, but he stops the car midway, gets off and kisses her. He tells her they are perfect together and confesses he can't stop thinking about her, but Jenny protests that they are friends. Upon hearing this, he feels bad and leaves her standing alone as he gets into the car and tells her that he is going back home. She feels bad and goes and tells Jason everything  and he promises to sue her before leaving. She is still on the other side of the island, when Ryan begins to pack his things and go back home. At that moment, the resort receives news that a storm is going to hit St. Luchas Puerto Plata on the side where Jenny is. Unaware of the news, Jenny sits on a branch when the storm hits. Upon hearing about the storm, Ryan rushes onto the other side to save her. When he reaches there, the storm has already hit, so he takes Jenny into the jungle separating the resort and the beach, and lights a fire to keep her warm. After this moment, Jenny realizes that he is the one that cares for her the most. She comes back to the resort with Ryan after the storm is over and sees that the whole resort is practically destroyed. When Jenny and Ryan reach the lobby, Jason and his manager pull her inside a room, where they tell her that they need her help and that they are holding a press conference to tell everyone about the case. When she is about to answer, Ryan bursts inside the room and tells Jason that whatever he does, he should not lose Jenny and that she will be the best girl Jason will ever meet. After that he confesses his love for Jenny and then is forced/carried out by Jason's bodyguard Gail . During the press conference, when Jenny sees Jason lying about everything that happened on the island, she just wants to get it over with. She tells them all that Alexis is his girlfriend and that they are going to get married, and declares to everyone that her real boyfriend is Ryan and then walks up to him and kisses him after both exchange words. Then we see them walking down the resort and dancing. The movie ends with Jason in concert, unhappily dedicating a song to his wife, Alexis."] ['The story concerns the tribulations of Martin , a blind photographer. Through a series of flashbacks, Martin is shown as a child, distrustful of his own mother, as she describes to him the garden outside his bedroom window. She tells him that someone is raking leaves, but he can\'t hear the sound and angrily decides she is lying to him. This childhood experience strongly affects Martin as an adult, as he anticipates that sighted people will take advantage of his blindness to lie to him, or worse yet, pity him. He has become a resentful, vaguely bitter person who spends his days taking photographs of the world around him, then having various people describe them. He uses these photographs and the Braille descriptions he stamps on them as "proof" that the world around him really is as others describe it to him. He also takes secret pleasure in rebuking the romantic advances of Celia , his housekeeper. Celia harbors a deep-seated and possibly obsessive crush on Martin, as evidenced by the scores of photographs of him adorning the walls of her flat, and takes out her frustration at her unrequited love by tormenting Martin in small ways, such as rearranging the furniture in his house. Martin keeps Celia around because her love and hatred of him means he knows she can\'t pity him. One day, Martin encounters Andy , and is pleased with the depth and detail with which Andy describes his photos. The two become fast friends, and Martin soon comes to trust him implicitly. The jealous Celia is threatened by Andy\'s increasing presence in Martin\'s life. She seduces Andy, and when Martin catches the two in the act, Andy reluctantly lies to him about it. Celia recognizes this opportunity to foil Martin yet again, and sets up a series of events leading Martin to discover Andy\'s dishonesty. Martin, devastated, is plunged into a deep despair, and breaks off his friendship with Andy. Andy later confronts him, and tries to convince him that everyone has flaws, and shouldn\'t be judged on such simple terms. "People lie," he tells Martin, "but not all the time. And that\'s the point." Martin doesn\'t respond, but is swayed by Andy\'s impassioned words. Near the story\'s conclusion, Martin decides to fire Celia, but acknowledges his own role in purposely antagonizing her in their love-hate relationship. Despite his openness she is angry that her efforts have gone to waste, and when asked to return her key to Martin\'s house, she throws it in the sink. Finally, Martin asks Andy to describe one last photo for him, one he has kept locked away for years. Andy does so, knowing nothing of its significance. It is a photo of the garden from Martin\'s childhood, taken moments after his mother described it on that fateful day. Andy\'s detailed description includes the iconic man raking leaves Martin\'s mother had told him about, that he had rejected for all these years. This revelation provides Martin with his proof, and a much-needed emotional release.'] ['In the film, Solo  is a down-on-his-luck writer who is encouraged by his psychiatrist  to get a dog. Solo meets his love interest , whom he assumes to be a dog owner when meeting her at a dog play park, but dog problems stand in their way.'] ['William Shakespeare  is a poor playwright for Philip Henslowe , owner of The Rose Theatre, in 1593 London. After learning that his love was cheating on him with his patron, Shakespeare burns his new comedy, Romeo and Ethel the Pirate\'s Daughter, rewriting it as the tragedy Romeo and Juliet. Suffering from writer\'s block, he is unable to complete the play, but begins auditions for Romeo. A young man named Thomas Kent is cast in the role after impressing Shakespeare with his performance and his love of Shakespeare\'s previous work. Kent is actually Viola de Lesseps , the daughter of a wealthy merchant who desires to act but, since women are banned from the stage, she must disguise herself. After Shakespeare discovers his star\'s true identity, he and Viola begin a passionate secret affair. Inspired by her, Shakespeare writes quickly, and benefits from the advice of playwright and friendly rival Christopher \'Kit\' Marlowe . Shakespeare and Viola know, however, that their romance is doomed. He is married, albeit long separated from his wife, while Viola\'s parents have arranged her betrothal to Lord Wessex , an aristocrat who needs money. When Viola is summoned to the court of Queen Elizabeth I , Shakespeare dons a woman\'s disguise to accompany her as her cousin. At court, he persuades Wessex to bet £50 that a play cannot capture the nature of true love. If Romeo and Juliet is a success, Shakespeare as playwright will win the money. The Queen, who enjoys Shakespeare\'s plays, agrees to witness the wager. Edmund Tilney , the Master of the Revels, the Queen\'s official in charge of the theatres, learns that there is a woman in the theatre company at The Rose playhouse, and orders the theatre closed for violating morality and the law. Left without a stage or lead actor, it seems that Romeo and Juliet must close before it even opens, until Richard Burbage , the owner of a competing theatre, the Curtain, offers his stage to Shakespeare. Shakespeare assumes the lead role of Romeo, with a boy actor , playing Juliet. Viola learns that the play will be performed on her wedding day, and after the ceremony secretly travels to the theatre. Shortly before the play begins, the boy playing Juliet starts experiencing the voice change of puberty. Viola replaces him and plays Juliet to Shakespeare\'s Romeo. Their passionate portrayal of two lovers inspires the entire audience. Tilney arrives at the theatre with Wessex, who has deduced his new bride\'s location. Tilney plans to arrest the audience and cast for indecency, but the Queen is in attendance. Although she recognizes Viola, the Queen does not unmask her, instead declaring that the role of Juliet is being performed by Thomas Kent. However, even a queen is powerless to end a lawful marriage, so she orders "Kent" to fetch Viola so that she may sail with Wessex to the Colony of Virginia. The Queen also states that Romeo and Juliet has accurately portrayed true love so Wessex must pay Shakespeare £50, the exact amount Shakespeare requires to buy a share in the Lord Chamberlain\'s Men. The Queen then directs "Kent" to tell Shakespeare to write something "a little more cheerful next time, for Twelfth Night". Viola and Shakespeare part, resigned to their fates. The film closes as Shakespeare begins to write Twelfth Night, Or What You Will imagining his love washed ashore in a strange land after a shipwreck and musing, "For she will be my heroine for all time, and her name will be...Viola", a strong young woman castaway who disguises herself as a young man.'] ['After being married for seven years, Xu Lang, a white collar office manager, has started to get tired of the same routine in his marriage. After asking his wife for a divorce, he is given a magical cell phone by an angel. The cell phone allows him to have romantic encounters with different women. After various dates and courtships with 12 beautiful women, he still cannot meet the right one. He attempts to mend things over with his wife, only to find that his ex-wife has met another man and found happiness. The movie ends with Xu meeting his old love interest from 15 years ago, suggesting a new relationship between them.'] ['The film is semi-biographical, documenting the life of a young woman who uses sex as a weapon to influence right-wing individuals and conservative Muslims. Baya Benmahmoud , a young left-wing activist, sleeps with her political opponents in order to manipulate them to her cause until she finds her match in Arthur Martin .'] ["The film begins with friends from L'Auberge espagnole in Saint Petersburg for the wedding of Wendy's brother William. Xavier begins to reminisce about the past several years. He and Martine split up, and Martine has had a child and become a committed environmental activist. For financial reasons, Xavier becomes a writer for pulp romantic novels and a ghostwriter for celebrities who can't write their own biographies. Martine criticizes his pulp novel work as being unrealistic and corny. Xavier feels just the same about this, but only replies to her that he earns good money. In Paris, Xavier has a brief affair with Kassia, a sales clerk from Senegal. When Xavier's grandfather asks about Xavier's fiancée, he asks his lesbian friend Isabelle  to pose as his fiancée. In Paris, Xavier runs into Wendy , who herself has become an accomplished television writer. She is currently involved in an unhealthy relationship. Later, a TV show assignment takes Xavier to London where he had requested to work with Wendy. In his other job Xavier is given the chance to ghost write a biography of Celia, a model. On one of his visits Xavier and Celia kiss and make love while looking at the boats on the River Seine. In time Xavier and Wendy's attraction to each other becomes a physical relationship. Xavier and Wendy's boyfriend fight, and he throws her prior boyfriend out. Wendy's brother William has fallen in love with Natasha, a Russian ballerina. He learns Russian for a year to try to win her, succeeding, he moves to Saint Petersburg. Xavier and Wendy go to Russia at one point to stay with William and Natasha. Xavier and Wendy's relationship is going perfectly, until Celia calls Xavier to come and visit her, as she is staying in Moscow. Xavier goes to visit Celia, telling Wendy that he has to see the publishers in Moscow and that it is unavoidable. Xavier does not know that Wendy had looked at his cellphone, and saw that the number is not his publisher's, but in fact another woman's. Saying goodbye at the train station Wendy lays her true feelings on the line. Xavier, stunned, doesn't move and stays on the train as Wendy walks away crying. In Moscow, Celia and Xavier meet up and make love again but do not actually consummate their attraction. At one point in a club she asks Xavier to get her a glass of milk but then reluctantly leaves when she sees some old friends. Failing to connect that night via cell phone Xavier and Celia never meet again. Celia represents the perfect girl, the princess, the street of ideal proportions, the impossible dream girl Xavier has been seeking his whole life. Yet his is also aware that like the Street of Ideal proportions, she is ultimately uninteresting. Subsequently he returns to St. Petersburg but now Wendy, convinced that he had an affair whilst in Moscow, avoids him. At the end of the film, William and Natasha are married in front of family members and characters seen in L'Auberge Espagnole. Wendy's divorced parents begin to squabble on the cruise ship during the reception. Wendy has avoided Xavier in the time leading up to the wedding, but she is unhappy at seeing her parents arguing. Xavier comforts her and apologies for his past behavior. The film ends with Xavier and Wendy embracing. The sequel to Russian Dolls, and the third part of the trilogy is Casse Tete Chinois"] ["Johnny Jones  is a penniless newspaper reporter assigned to interview Daisy Appleby , heiress to the Appleby Facial Creams fortune and the target of numerous suitors anxious to latch onto her wealth. What neither they nor Johnny know is that she is really a cafeteria cashier hired by a public relations team to impersonate the socialite. She proposes a marriage of convenience that will free her from the cads pursuing her so she can find her ideal man and allow Johnny leisure time to finish his novel. He agrees, and after they wed the company's board of directors try to place him under their control, as well. When Johnny rebels and begins dating oil heiress Hortense Burke-Meyers in retaliation, Daisy, who realizes she truly loves him, tries to win him back by having her brother-in-law Alfred Parker impersonate an old beau in an effort to make Johnny jealous."] ['{{Plot}} The film revolves around an eclectic group of students from Pennsylvania attending a high school graduation party at a large house owned by a rich class member\'s family. Each character has different plans for the night. Preston Myers  plans to proclaim his love to his four-year secret crush, to whom he has never had the nerve to speak before, prom queen Amanda Beckett , who has recently been dumped by her jock boyfriend, Mike Dexter  who is targeted by nerd classmate William Lichter , who is plotting revenge against Mike for years of bullying. Denise Fleming  has no intention of going to the party but is dragged along by Preston. Kenny Fisher  is a wigger who plans on losing his virginity by the end of the night. When he goes into the upstairs bathroom to "get ready", Denise happens to walk in. After getting locked inside, the pair of former friends begin talking about how they drifted apart; their conversation eventually leads to the restoration of their friendship and then escalates into them having sex. At the party, Amanda deals with being alternately consoled by the drunken girlfriends of Mike\'s jock friends and her own cousin  and tries to figure out if she truly has an identity beyond being known as "Mike Dexter\'s girlfriend". At one point, she discovers a letter addressed to her. Unbeknownst to her, the letter was written by Preston. After reading and being moved by its contents, she makes it her mission to find him. Before the party, Mike convinces his fellow jock friends to follow his lead and dump their girlfriends to make a pact in which they all pledge to remain single as they go to college. Later on, an intoxicated Mike learns from a guy named Trip McNeely  &mdash; a graduate and former stud from his high school &mdash; that in college, guys like them are "a dime a dozen". This reality is even driven in further by the fact that Trip emphasizes how he dumped his girlfriend in the same fashion that Mike did to score with women which was unsuccessful. Terrified, Mike tries to get Amanda back, but she replies that she is happier without him and humiliates him in front of everyone at the party. At the same time, William devises his plan to get revenge on Mike. He has his two even more nerdy, X-Files-obsessed friends wait on the roof, while he goes into the party to drive Mike out. However, while inside the party, William begins drinking alcohol to fit in. After a while, he drinks enough to make him forget what he was originally doing there and then an impromptu sing-along to Guns N\' Roses\' "Paradise City" causes him to become popular for the evening. William begins talking with Mike, and Mike apologizes for bullying him. William forgives him, and the two of them seemingly become friends. When Mike and William are jailed as a result of a police bust, Mike takes the blame, saying that he forced William into drinking. However, the next morning when William sees Mike and some of his friends at a local diner, he tries to thank Mike for taking the fall. But Mike acts as though he remembers nothing of what happened the previous night and proceeds to ridicule him in front of his friends. William, feeling the sting of betrayal, leaves dejected while Mike laughs with his friends. Meanwhile, Preston eventually finds Amanda and confesses his love; however, she assumes he is another drunk pervert and rejects him. She later finds a yearbook, sees his picture, and realizes her mistake. She tries to find Preston again, but he has already driven home. The next morning, Preston is at a railway station, about to leave. Amanda visits Preston at the station and asks him about the letter. Preston confesses he wrote it and that he is about to depart for a pre-college writing workshop with Kurt Vonnegut. The two regretfully say their goodbyes; but soon after, Preston stops and runs back to Amanda, and they kiss. As the film ends, the characters\' fates are revealed: * Seven hours later, Preston finally got on a train to Boston. Amanda wrote him a letter for every day that he was away. They are still together. * The day after the party, Denise and Kenny meet up in a diner; five minutes later, Denise dumped Kenny. Ten minutes later, they found a bathroom and got back together. * Mike went on to college but, after drinking too much, lost his football scholarship. He ended up forty pounds overweight and working at the car wash, a job he lost when incriminating Polaroids surfaced. * William became one of the most popular students at Harvard. He went on to form his own computer company that has made him worth millions, and he is dating a supermodel. * William\'s two nerdy friends were abducted by aliens after discussing that they did not miss anything by not attending the party.'] ["Ann  and David Smith ([[Robert Montgomery  are a happily married couple living in New York. One morning, Ann asks David if he had to do it over again, would he marry her? To her disappointment, he answers he wouldn't. Later that day, they both separately find out that, due to a complication when they married three years earlier, they are in fact not legally married. Ann does not mention this to David, and thinks he will remarry her that very night after he takes her out to a romantic dinner. When this does not happen, she angrily kicks David out of their home. David spends the night at his club, where a friend advises him to just wait a day, and then go back home. But when David drops by after work, Ann announces behind a closed door that she is not married to David, and has no intention of ever marrying him. An angry and disheartened David takes to following Ann around, in the process interrupting a date and getting her fired from her job. A friend and co-worker of David, Jeff , tells David he will talk to Ann and persuade her to remarry David. But when David shows up later that evening, he finds that Jeff has instead arranged a date with Ann the following night. David arranges a blind date at the same restaurant, but his date is vulgar and rude and the affair ends in disaster. Later, Ann and Jeff go to the World's Fair, but become stuck on a ride and are forced to sit through several hours of rain many feet up in the air. Ann and Jeff begin to date seriously, and Ann even meets Jeff's parents, an event that quickly becomes awkward when David barges in. To escape, Ann and Jeff decide to take a vacation with Jeff's parents at a skiing resort&mdash;the same resort where Ann and David had earlier been planning to holiday. Upon arriving at the resort, they find that David has rented a cabin right next to them, but when confronted, David simply faints. David spends the next few hours pretending to be sick and delirious while Ann fawns over him, but when Ann discovers his deception, she yells at him and leaves. Ann then loudly stages a pretend one-way conversation with Jeff in order for David to see they are very serious about each other. This falls through when David storms in to find her talking to thin air. In the end, Ann and David, once the picture of a happy couple, are screaming at each other when Jeff walks in. Ann then attacks Jeff for not beating up David, and Jeff and his parents leave in a huff. Ann, alone at last, struggles with her skis until David offers to help her, then lifts up her legs so that she cannot get up. When Ann yells at him, he just bends down and kisses her, silencing her."] ['On Halloween night, 1998, at Cornell University, Tom Bailey, Jr. , in costume as Bill Clinton, slips into bed with his pre-arranged date, Monica. However it turns out to be the wrong woman, Monica\'s roommate Hannah , and Tom likes her because she is so honest and doesn\'t fling herself at him. Ten years later, Hannah and Tom are best friends. Tom is very wealthy, because of his creation of the "coffee collar" and gets a dime every time it is used. Tom is with a different girl every week, while Hannah focuses on her career in an art museum. He is very content with his life, suspecting that Hannah is too. After Tom takes Hannah to his father\'s  sixth wedding, Hannah tells Tom she must go to Scotland for work. While she\'s gone, Tom discovers that without her, being with another woman week after week is not very fulfilling. He realizes that he loves Hannah, and decides to tell her his feelings when she gets back. Upon returning, Hannah surprisingly announces she is engaged to a wealthy Scot named Colin . Hannah asks Tom to be her maid of honor for her wedding. After discussing it with his friends, Tom decides to be her maid of honor, only to spend time with her and try to convince her she does not even know Colin, as well as making her realize that he loves her and she should be marrying him. After arriving in Scotland, at Eilean Donan Castle, for the wedding, Tom realizes he is running out of time to stop Hannah. He meets all of Colin\'s family and must perform in a variant of the Highland Games, in which the groom must compete to prove himself worthy of his bride. Tom is also in the competition with Colin, but loses in the last round. Tom takes Hannah out for a walk, hoping to tell her how he feels. However, the other bridesmaids interrupt for Hannah\'s bachelorette party. On her Hen Night, Hannah parades around a pub and sells her kisses for change. As she goes around, Hannah then kisses Tom. Though it just started as a peck on the cheek, it turns into a passionate kiss. That night, Hannah decides to confront Tom and ask about the kiss. However, when she gets to his room, her drunk cousin is there, trying to have sex with him. Hannah leaves and Tom runs after her. He knocks on her door, pleading for her to let him in. She refuses and asks about the kiss. He tells her he knew he was the one for her, not Colin. She refuses to say that she thinks so too and instead tells Tom that she still expects to marry Colin the next day. Tom cannot go through with watching Hannah and Colin get married so he decides to go home. When questioned about his sudden departure shortly before the wedding is to take place, Hannah informs Colin that Tom is just afraid of losing her. On the way home, Tom realizes that he must stop the wedding and goes back on horseback. Just when the priest asks for objections, Tom is sent flying off his horse and through the chapel doors. Seeing her best friend on the floor, Hannah rushes to him. As he struggles to stand up, he tells her that he loves her more than anything and that she should marry him. They then share a kiss. Hannah tells Colin that she is very sorry and that he is the perfect guy, just not the perfect guy for her. Colin\'s grandmother then tells Colin, in Scots language, to \'deck\' Tom, which he does without hesitation. Hannah and Tom eventually get married. Melissa catches the bouquet and then links arms with Tom\'s dad, to which he says "Number 6?" and his lawyer says "7". The movie ends with Hannah and Tom on their honeymoon. Tom turns on the light just to see if he\'s got the right girl and Hannah replies "You do". The two kiss and as Hannah turns off the light, Tom says "Oh, Monica" and Hannah replies "Oh, Bill".'] ["Jeetu  is constantly getting himself and his father into trouble because of his inability to properly manage money. Plunging them both into debt, Jeetu breaks off his engagement with his fiance, Pooja  and decides to commit suicide by throwing himself into the sea. Jeetu believes that by killing himself, he can do something right for once: his father can use the money from his life insurance to pay off his debts. Unfortunately, it does not go as planned and Jeetu is found tangled in some nets by a pair of fishermen, Gundya  and Bandya . Gundya owes money to a Gujarati businessman, Prabhat Singh Chauhan . He reads a note found in Jeetu's pocket, which makes him think Jeetu is rich, rather than in debt. The two fishermen hatch a scheme in which they will offer Jeetu to Prabhat in exchange for the money Gundya owes. Jeetu does not want to reveal too much, and therefore pretends to be deaf and mute. A hilarious row of sequences follow as this pretense of his gets both him and the fishermen into comical situations. Soon, it is revealed that Prabhat's niece Shruti  also happens to be mute, but not deaf. Her brother Mangal  wants her to get married and everything seems okay when her marriage is arranged. However, the groom's family breaks the marriage, humiliating Shruti and angering Mangal. One night, when Jeetu gets drunk, he begins to sing, but is caught when Shruti and her cousin Meenakshi  hear him . They promise to keep his secret but in return he must do something for Shruti. A greedy bridegroom is interested in marrying Shruti but only for her wealth; Jeetu must pretend to be her lover to break the marriage before it ruins Shruti's life. Meenakshi finds out that Jeetu is in debt and she thinks he will do anything for money. Unfortunately, Jeetu is involved in a car crash with Prabhat who, at the time, was carrying a lot of money. Meenakshi tells the police about her suspicions and they beat Jeetu mercilessly. Her views about him change however when Prabhat announces that Jeetu was the one that saved him and took him to the hospital. In the meantime, Bandya has returned from Jeetu's village with a suitcase full of money. He tells Jeetu that Pooja is married, but Pooja believes she is Jeet's widow, though the two never got married. At the same time, Shruti confesses her love for Jeet. Mangal finds out about the romance and practically forces Jeetu to marry Shruti. Free of debt, he agrees to marry Shruti, having fallen in love with her too. But when his family learns of this, they intrude on the marriage, wanting him to come home and marry Pooja instead. However, when Pooja learns that Shruti is mute, she has a change of heart and tells Jeetu to marry Shruti. Jeetu and Shruti get married and live happily ever after."] ["Hugh Carver  is an athletic star and a freshman at Prescott College. During a hazing initiation by his fraternity brothers, he meets Cynthia Day , a popular girl who loves to party and have a good time. She introduces him to the pleasures of illicit drinking, dancing at illegal roadhouses, and necking in the back seats of cars. A love-triangle develops between Day, Carver, and Carver's roommate, Carl Peters , who also likes Day. Eventually, Peters gives up his crush on Day and reconciles his friendship with Carver. Carver's grades, athletic performance and moral character begin to suffer as a result of his late nights and wild partying, and on a visit home, his strict father tosses him out of the house and tells him not to come back until he's 'made good'. After almost being arrested at a roadhouse raid, Day and Carver escape in her automobile, and Day realizes that her lifestyle is bad for Carver, so the two stop seeing each other. Carver's school performance then improves greatly, and he leads his teammates to victory at the big football game at the end of the year. Peters tells Carver that Day still loves him, and that she has changed, becoming less wild and more mature. Day and Carver are reunited at the end."] ['Giggy Panimba meets Pandora Gold at a group therapy session on Christmas Eve. We learn that Pandora is there on her 4th emergency session, trying to give up her "symptom" as a failure at everything. We also learn Pandora lived in the Bronx with her Jewish eccentric mother and her philandering father. Pandora\'s mother was very involved in Pandora\'s life because her husband was always out with other women and barely paid attention to Pandora. Pandora\'s mother believes in astrology and often comments to Pandora throughout the whole movie "I made you a Pisces and don\'t you ever forget it". From a young age Pandora wanted to be a famous movie actress often imitating Rita Hayworth. She grew up and became an interpretive modern dancer and a Jackpot Quiz Clue Girl but gave up both professions to go live in England with her latest boyfriend. When she arrived home early to surprise him, she found him in bed with two other women. She now is making her comeback as a performer at a night club and invites everyone in the session to come and see her. It\'s Giggy\'s turn and we learn that he lived in Brooklyn with his Italian mother and father. His father was a barber and often got into fights claiming he "had a little score to settle" and his mother had unrealistic religious beliefs about love. From that, Giggy became a womanizer even getting kicked out of the seminary for having sex in a utility closet. As an adult he had various philanderings with women and we learn the reason he is at the session is because after breaking up with a girl, she tried to kill herself. Many people  think Giggy is a jerk and yell at him but Pandora defends him and is understanding. Giggy asks her out after the session and they end up having sex in his car. While having sex, Pandora accidentally blurts out that she loves him. After that they begin seeing each other and Giggy begins to stay at her house. Giggy really opens up to Pandora and they really fall in love . Giggy meets Pandora\'s mother the night Pandora makes her night club comeback. Pandora\'s mother doesn\'t like Giggy because he is a Capricorn. Giggy and Pandora get into a fight because her act is terrible and she doesn\'t believe him. Pandora goes home and realizes her act does stink and Giggy tries to sleep with another woman only to find himself unable to get an erection. They make up the next day and Giggy and Pandora go to Giggy\'s parent\'s house. Both of Giggy\'s parents don\'t like Pandora because she\'s not Italian and her views are different from their own. This causes Pandora and Giggy to get in a huge fight and break up but Giggy follows Pandora. After a lot of yelling and arguing, Giggy finally admits he loves Pandora and the two decide to get married.'] ['Uncouth tycoon Harry Brock  goes to Washington, D.C. with his brassy mistress, Emma \'Billie\' Dawn , and his crooked lawyer, Jim Devery , to "influence" a politician or two. The lawyer also presses Harry to marry Billie on the grounds that a wife cannot testify against her husband. Harry becomes disgusted with Billie\'s ignorance and lack of manners  and hires a tutor for her, journalist Paul Verrall . Blossoming under Paul\'s encouragement, Billie turns out to be much smarter than anybody knew and begins thinking for herself. The two fall in love. Meanwhile, Devery had persuaded Harry to sign over many of his assets to Billie to hide them from the government. When Harry needs to get them back, he comes into conflict with Billie\'s new-found independence. She and Paul use her leverage to escape from Harry\'s domination; she promises to give him back his property little by little as long as he leaves them alone. Billie and Paul marry.'] ["The protagonist, Lolita Cassard, lacks confidence and self-esteem because she doesn't look like the women who fill the pages of fashion magazines. Her father, Étienne Cassard, is a respected novelist, but rarely considers the feelings of others, only thinking of himself and worrying about aging. Pierre Millet, a younger writer, doubts he will ever be successful. Meanwhile, Sylvia Millet, a singing teacher, believes in her husband's talent, but doubts her own and that of her student, Lolita. When Sylvia discovers that Lolita is the daughter of Étienne, an author whom she admires, she befriends Lolita in order to gain access to Étienne for her husband's sake. Lolita does not believe or see that Sylvia is just another person being generous to her because her father is famous. She begins to confide in Sylvia about her father, love life, and self-confidence issues. Sylvia surprisingly takes a liking to Lolita and begins to see Étienne for the man he really is. Throughout the film Sébastien, a young journalist, befriends Lolita. He is the only one with pure intents, even after he finds out who her father is. He takes a liking to Lolita, but she refuses to show any interests and is only infatuated with another boy, Mathieu. Mathieu is everything Sébastien is not. Mathieu only has interest for Lolita because of her father and mistreats her. Lolita casts all of these same behaviors on Sébastien and does not realize that he truly does like her for herself. After a crazy weekend at Étienne's cottage, Sylvia leaves Pierre because he has become just like Étienne, Lolita goes after Sébastien because she realizes he has honest intentions, and Étienne is repeatedly reminded that he is an indifferent father to Lolita."] ['The film follows the adventures of a group of friends through the eyes of Charles , a debonair but faux pas-prone Englishman, who is smitten with Carrie, an attractive American , whom Charles repeatedly meets at weddings and at a funeral. The first wedding is that of Angus  and Laura , at which Charles is the best man. Charles and his collection of single friends wonder if they will ever get married. At this wedding, Charles meets Carrie for the first time and spends the night with her. Carrie teases him by pretending that, now they have been to bed together, they will also have to get married, which Charles endeavours to respond to before realising she is joking. She then goes back home to America, observing that they may have missed an opportunity. The second wedding is that of Bernard  and Lydia , a couple who got together at the previous wedding. Rowan Atkinson makes his second appearance, this time as a fully fledged but gaffe-prone priest conducting his first wedding ceremony through his connection as a friend of the family. Charles is happy to discover that Carrie is attending the wedding, until she introduces him to her fiancé, Sir Hamish Banks , a wealthy politician from Scotland. At the reception, Charles finds himself seated at a table with several ex-girlfriends who relate embarrassing stories about his inability to be discreet, and afterwards bumps into Henrietta , with whom he had a difficult relationship. As the evening wears on, Charles finds himself in an empty hotel suite watching Carrie and Hamish leave in a taxicab, only to be trapped in the bath after the newlyweds suddenly stumble into the room to have sex. After Charles awkwardly exits the room, Henrietta confronts him about his habit of "serial monogamy", telling him that he is afraid of letting anyone get too close to him. Shortly after this encounter, Charles runs into Carrie , and they end up spending another night together. A few months later, Charles receives an invitation to Carrie\'s wedding in Scotland. While shopping for a present in London he accidentally bumps into Carrie in a shop and ends up helping her select her wedding dress. Carrie also astonishes him with a list of her more than thirty sexual partners . He later tries to confess his love to her and hints that he would like to have a relationship with her. However, he says it rather lamely, and the confession obviously comes too late. The third wedding is that of Carrie and Hamish at a Scottish castle. Charles attends, depressed at the prospect of Carrie\'s marrying Hamish. As the reception gets under way, Gareth  instructs his friends to go forth and seek potential mates; Fiona\'s brother, Tom , stumbles through an attempt to connect with the minister\'s wife, while Charles\'s flatmate, Scarlett , strikes up a conversation with a tall, attractive American named Chester. As Charles watches Carrie and Hamish dance as husband and wife, Charles\'s friend Fiona  deduces his feelings about Carrie. When Charles asks why Fiona is not married, she confesses that she has always loved Charles since they first met years ago. Charles is surprised and empathetic, but does not requite her love. At the wedding, Gareth dies suddenly of a heart attack: Gareth\'s partner Matthew ([[John Hannah  is in another part of the room listening to the groom\'s toast when Gareth dies. The funeral is that of Gareth. At the funeral, Matthew recites the poem Funeral Blues  by W. H. Auden, commemorating his relationship with Gareth.BBC Leicester: Interview with Simon Callow Retrieved 2012-05-07John Hannah Unofficial Website: John Hannah interview in The Scotsman, 17 April 2000 Retrieved 2012-05-07 After the funeral, Charles and Tom have a discussion about whether hoping to find your "one true love" is just a futile effort, and ponder that, while their clique have always viewed themselves as proud-to-be-single, Gareth and Matthew had in fact been a "married" couple among them all the while. The fourth wedding takes place ten months later, and is that of Charles, who has decided to marry Henrietta. However, moments before the ceremony, Carrie arrives at the church and reveals to Charles that she and Hamish are no longer together. Charles has a crisis of confidence, which he reveals to his deaf brother David . At the altar, when the vicar asks if anyone knows a reason why the couple should not marry, David asks Charles to translate for him, and says in sign language that he suspects the groom is having doubts and loves someone else. The vicar asks whether Charles does love someone else, and Charles replies, "I do." Henrietta punches Charles and the wedding is abruptly halted. Finally, Carrie visits Charles, who is recovering from the debacle, to check that he is OK and apologise for attending. Charles confesses that, while standing at the altar, he realised that for the first time in his life he totally and utterly loved one person, "and it wasn\'t the person standing next to me in the veil." Charles makes a proposal of lifelong commitment without marriage to Carrie, saying, "Do you think not being married to me might maybe be something you could consider doing for the rest of your life?" Carrie responds by saying, "I do." The song "Going to the Chapel" is then played as we see Henrietta marry a member of the guard, Scarlett marry Chester, David marry his girlfriend, Tom marry his distant cousin Deirdre , Matthew with a new partner , Fiona marry Prince Charles , and Charles and Carrie with their son -- presumably not married.'] ['The film is set in contemporaneous Beijing. It begins with bookseller Zhao Xiaoshuai  who is following his ex-lover An Hong  home, obviously after an unhappy and one-sided break-up. He tracks the fast-walking An Hong on a bus and later on a bicycle, until she reaches her flat and goes up to her apartment. There, Zhao gets a junk peddler  and another peddler to call out her name and declare his undying love to her at the high-rise flats. The next day, the temperamental An Hong becomes impressed enough by Xiaoshuai\'s efforts to take him up her apartment for a quickie, but their tryst is interrupted by another man  downstairs, reciting some nonsensical poetry through a loudhailer. Apparently, the person is hired by the peddler Xiaoshuai hired the day before . Xiaoshuai tries unsuccessfully to get the man to stop, and in a huff the angered An Hong leaves her apartment. Xiaoshuai is baffled by his ex blowing hot and cold at him. The scene shifts to some time later. While waiting at a public bicycle stand Xiaoshuai gets beaten up by nightclub owner Liu Delong and his hired thugs, who warn him never to attach himself to An Hong again . The concussed Xiaoshuai was sent to a hospital by well-mannered middle-aged stranger Mr. Zhang , who claims Xiaoshuai has accidentally wrecked his brand-new laptop in the act of him being beaten up. The angry Xiaoshuai refuses to compensate, insisting Zhang finds Liu Delong - the main culprit - for payment. The bothersome Zhang keeps finding Xiaoshuai over the laptop compensation and Xiaoshuai finally relents: the two decide to get down to Liu\'s nightclub to get Zhang\'s compensation. Once there, however, Xiaoshuai is unable to contain himself and launches a reckless physical attack on Liu, which lands him at the police station for seven days. Xiaoshuai is released after a reprimand by the police chief. Some time later, Zhang interrupts Xiaoshuai  during his tryst with An Hong to inform that Liu has agreed, somewhat belatedly, to pay up and apologize. The next scene shows Zhang and Xiaoshuai waiting at a karaoke restaurant for Liu to make his indemnity and to end their entanglements with one another. Zhang is happy the two can talk, but Xiaoshuai reveals, after some drinks, that he has come, not really to make up, but with an intent – to sever Liu\'s right hand. Xiaoshuai then compensates Zhang with a new laptop and tells him to leave and not get implicated with his "crime", but Zhang, realizing the import of the matter, leaves and immediately starts looking for a mobile phone to call up the unsuspecting Liu to stop this "tragedy". Zhang grabs a nearby passer-by\'s mobile set, but fails to contact Liu. Xiaoshuai, realizing Zhang is about to wreck his revenge mission, convinces passers-by Zhang is a mad relative and drags him back to the restaurant. Once back to the restaurant, Zhang realizes he must act quickly to grab the restaurant customers\' attention. He overturns a table; in the mayhem, to his chagrin, everyone in the restaurant is convinced by Xiaoshuai that Liu is simply stark mad. The restaurant owner gets Zhang tied up and gagged upstairs, after which he leaves, and an irate chef attacks Zhang for molesting  a fellow waitress whom he fancies. Downstairs, Xiaoshuai waits for Liu. Liu turns up and pays up very amicably, but before Xiaoshuai can launch his attack, the wall-mounted loudspeaker above their table collapses and injures Liu badly. The frantic restaurant owner and customers bring Liu to the nearest hospital, and Xiaoshuai finds himself quite bemused that his revenge plans has turned to nought . When Xiaoshuai returns upstairs to release the gagged Zhang, he finds a curious scene. Zhang has gone completely berserk and is wreaking havoc by going after the chef with a cleaver. Xiaoshuai tries desperately to calm Zhang, but only manages to see Zhang wreck the new laptop. Like Xiaoshuai, Zhang is detained at the police station for seven days. He is given a light reprimand by the station-master, who advises him to "speak nicely when everyone has something to work out". In an ending requested by the state censors , Xiaoshuai gets someone to pick Zhang up in a van after Zhang\'s seven-day detainment period is up. Xiaoshuai apologizes in a well-phrased letter for the troubles he caused, promises to curb his violent temper, and pays Zhang a new laptop.'] ["The movie is about a short yet qualified middle aged man named Mithilesh played by Rajpal Yadav and his insecurities about his height and personality when he gets married to Veena played by Rituparna Sengupta. As his married life progresses with his loving and devoted wife, his insecurities grow. He becomes jealous about his friend Saleem, played by Varun Badola, Veena's childhood friend Akash, played by Kay Kay Menon and others who he claims have an infatuation with his wife. Slowly, he suspects a change in his wife's behavior and starts believing she wants to divorce him. Being a loving husband he confesses his fear to Veena and frees her from all wifely duties. But the hidden truth, revealed at the very end, ultimately brings the couple closer."] ['Claude Eastman  is a composer and the conductor of a prestigious symphony who has recently married beautiful Daniella , a much younger woman. While travelling, he sends a message to his friend Norman Robbins  to keep an eye on his wife, but the message is garbled by Claude\'s Italian valet Giuseppe , and instead of looking after Daniella, Norman hires a private detective named Keller  to investigate her. The private eye\'s report, which comes with a fuzzy video, is that Daniella had an assignation with a man who, by wearing Argyle socks, appears to be Maxmillian Stein , a handsome violinist with the orchestra &ndash; and Claude\'s protégé &ndash; who is well known as a ladies man. Claude at first doesn\'t directly confront Maxmilliam. When Maxmillian eventaully meets Daniella, it is at a restaurant where Claude, overwhelmed with jealously, duels Maxmilliam with violins by playing Csárdás, the famous composition of Vittorio Monti. Claude confronts Daniella, who feels guilty because she is keeping a secret from her husband, only not the one he thinks it is. When she tells him that it\'s no big deal, Claude is enraged. As he conducts Tchaikovsky\'s "Violin Concerto", an elaborate plan to kill Daniella and frame Max for the murder runs through his mind, but afterwards, when he tries to carry out his plan, unforeseen circumstances intervene.rcs0411 Plot summaryBetzold, Michael Plot synopsisCanby, Vincent "Film: Unfaithfully Yours" New York Times'] ["Emma  and Will  are best friends since childhood; they lost touch a long time ago—as far as she knows. She is back in their hometown, because her father is sick and dying. Emma hasn't just come home to be with her father, but she is also trying to leave behind her complicated love life and career as a TV actress. She has a strained relationship with her mother. While a man and a woman are giving Will a ride back home, Will tells them the story of how he fell in love with Emma and how she was with him when his parents died. Upon arrival he visits his brother Jim, a banker, who believes Will has mental problems because of the death of their parents that took place when Will was very young. Will stays with his childhood friend Joe. While Will was practicing how he is going to tell Emma how he feels about her, Joe comes as Will tells him that he is going to announce his love for her today or tomorrow. However, Emma's boyfriend follows her home because he wants to reconcile, staying at a local hotel. Will and Emma spend the day together, reminiscing on times passed. She admits her unfaithfulness to her boyfriend, who wants to marry her. She discovers Will has been following her everywhere and asks him to promise that he will stop following her. Will agrees and leaves town. It is revealed that Emma's boyfriend has murdered the man with whom Emma was having an affair, although she is still not aware of this. When her boyfriend finds out that Will has been following Emma, he calls the LAPD  and claims it was Will who committed the murder. Will decides to hitchhike away from his hometown. On his way he is arrested by the highway patrol and taken to jail. Jim bails him and takes him to the airport. Will runs away to San Francisco, leaving behind money to make up for the bail his brother paid. Emma is shaken with the news of her lover's death, and gets a letter from Will proving that he wasn't in LA when the murder was committed. She gets her boyfriend arrested. Emma's father dies. Emma goes to Joe and asks him to tell Will that she is sorry for what she had said to him. After Emma's father's funeral she receives a love letter from Will. She leaves for San Francisco to look for him, finding him performing on Fisherman's Wharf."] ['Young French cello student Ariane Chavasse  eavesdrops on a conversation between her father, widowed private detective Claude Chavasse, and his client, "Monsieur X". After learning of his wife\'s daily trysts with American business magnate Frank Flannagan , Monsieur X announces he will shoot Flannagan later that day. Claude is nonchalant, regretting only the business he will lose . When Ariane cannot get the police to intervene , she decides to warn him herself. Ariane is in time. When Monsieur X breaks into Flannagan\'s hotel suite, he finds Flannagan with Ariane, not his wife . Flannagan is intrigued by the mysterious girl, who refuses to give him any information about herself, even her name. He resorts to calling her "thin girl". She has no romantic history but pretends to be a femme fatale to interest him, and soon falls in love with the considerably older man. She agrees to meet him the next afternoon, because her orchestral practice is in the evenings . She comes with mixed feelings, but ends up becoming his lover for the evening until his plane leaves. Her father, who has tried unsuccessfully to protect her from knowing about the tawdry domestic-surveillance details in his files, notices her change of mood but has no idea that it proceeds from one of his cases. After a year, Flannagan returns to Paris. The two meet by chance at an opera, and start seeing each other again. This time, when he persists in his questioning, she makes up a long list of prior imaginary lovers based on her father\'s files . Flannagan gradually goes from being amused to being tormented by the possible comparisons, but is unsure whether they are real. When he encounters a still-apologetic Monsieur X, the latter recommends Claude Chavasse to him, and thus Flannagan hires Ariane\'s own father to investigate. It does not take Chavasse long to realize the mystery woman is Ariane. He informs his client that his daughter fabricated her love life. He tells Flannagan that she is a little fish that he should throw back, since she is serious and he wants to avoid serious relationships. Frank decides to leave Paris, pretending to be on his way to meet former lovers. At the station, as Ariane runs along the platform beside his departing train, with her femme-fatale facade cracking as her love shows through, Frank changes his mind and sweeps her up in his arms onto the train. In the American version, Chavasse reports that they marry.'] ["Victoria Layton  is a suburban housewife who is dissatisfied with her marriage and fears that her sex appeal is fading. Her husband ([[Patrick O'Neal  works as a press agent, and his only client is a movie star who is known as an international sex symbol . Upon hearing that The Movie Star  indulges in the services of prostitutes, Victoria decides to pose surreptitiously as one in order to prove to herself that she is still sexually attractive."] ['In an unnamed Victorian Era European village, Victor Van Dort , the son of nouveau riche fish merchants, and Victoria Everglot , the neglected daughter of hateful aristocrats, are getting prepared for their arranged marriage, which will raise the social class of Victor\'s parents and restore the wealth of Victoria\'s penniless family. Both have concerns about marrying someone they do not know, but they fall instantly in love when they first meet. After the shy, clumsy Victor ruins the wedding rehearsal and is scolded by Pastor Galswells , he flees and practices his wedding vows in the nearby forest, placing the wedding ring on a nearby upturned tree root. The root turns out to be the finger of a dead girl clad in a tattered bridal gown, who rises from the grave claiming that she is now Victor\'s wife. Spirited away to the surprisingly festive Land of the Dead, the bewildered Victor learns the story of Emily , his new "bride," murdered years ago on the night of her secret elopement. Emily, as a wedding gift, reunites Victor with his long-dead dog, Scraps. Meanwhile, Victoria\'s parents hear that Victor has been seen in another woman\'s arms, and become suspicious. Wanting to reunite with Victoria, Victor tricks Emily into taking him back to the Land of the Living by pretending he wants her to meet his parents. She agrees to this and takes him to see Elder Gutknecht , the kindly ruler of the underworld, to send him and Emily temporarily to the Land of the Living. Once back home, Victor asks Emily to wait in the forest while he rushes off to see Victoria and confess his wish to marry her as soon as possible, to which she gladly returns his feelings. Emily soon arrives and sees the two of them together and, feeling betrayed and hurt, drags Victor back to the Land of the Dead. Victoria tells her parents that Victor has been forcibly wed to a dead woman, but they believe she has lost her mind and lock her up in her bedroom. She escapes her room by window and rushes to Galswells to find a way helping Victor, but fails. With Victor gone, Victoria\'s parents decide to marry her off to a presumably wealthy newcomer in town named Lord Barkis Bittern , who appeared at the wedding rehearsal, against her will. Emily is heartbroken by Victor\'s deception. Victor, however, apologizes for lying to her, and the two reconcile while playing the piano together. Shortly after, Victor\'s family coachman appears in the afterlife  and informs Victor of Victoria\'s impending marriage to Lord Barkis. At the same time, Emily learns from Elder Gutknecht that because marriage vows are only binding until "death do you part" and death already parts them, her supposed marriage to Victor was never valid. In order for their marriage to become valid, Victor must repeat his vows in the Land of the Living and willingly drink poison - thus joining her in death. Overhearing this, and fretting about having lost his chance with Victoria, Victor agrees to die for Emily. All of the dead go "upstairs" to the Land of the Living to perform the wedding ceremony for Victor and Emily. Upon their arrival, the town erupts into a temporary panic until every living person recognizes each other\'s loved ones from the dead and they have a joyous reunion under the bizarre circumstances. After a quarrel with Lord Barkis - and realizing he was only after her supposed money - Victoria follows the procession of dead to the church. As Victor prepares to drink the cup of poison to kill himself, Emily notices Victoria and has second thoughts, realizing that she is denying Victoria her chance at happiness the same way it was stolen from her. Lord Barkis interrupts them, and Emily recognizes him as her former fiance - who is revealed to be the one who murdered her for her dowry. Lord Barkis tries to kidnap Victoria at sword point, but Victor stops him and the two men duel. Emily intercedes to save Victor, and Lord Barkis mockingly proposes a toast to Emily claiming she\'s "always the bridesmaid, never the bride!", accidentally drinking the cup of poison. The dead  drag the "new arrival" away for punishment. Emily sets Victor free of his vow to marry her, giving the wedding ring back to Victor and her wedding bouquet to Victoria before exiting the church. As she steps into the moonlight, she transforms into hundreds of butterflies, presumably finding her eternal rest in Heaven, as Victor and Victoria look on.'] ['John L. Sullivan , a popular young Hollywood director fresh from a string of very profitable, but shallow comedies  , tells his studio boss, Mr. Lebrand , that he is dissatisfied and wants his next project to be a serious exploration of the plight of the downtrodden, to be based on the socially-conscious novel O Brother, Where Art Thou? by Sinclair Beckstein. Not surprisingly, Lebrand wants him to direct another, more lucrative comedy instead, but the idealistic Sullivan refuses to give in. He wants to "know trouble" first-hand as a tramp so he can return and make a film that truly depicts the sorrows of humanity. His butler  and valet  openly question the wisdom of his plan. Undeterred, Sullivan dresses as a penniless hobo and takes to the road. However, no matter how hard he tries, somehow he always ends up back in Hollywood. Lebrand insists that his staff follow him in a double-decker coach. Neither party is happy with the arrangement; Sullivan eventually persuades his guardians to leave him alone and arranges to rendezvous with them later. When he hitchhikes, he finds himself back where he started. Then he meets a young failed actress  who is contemplating quitting the business. In return for her kindness to him, Sullivan gives her a lift in his car, without telling his servants; they report the "theft" and the pair are apprehended by the police. Upon their release, the Girl pushes him into his enormous swimming pool for deceiving her about his true identity. However, after considering her options, she becomes his traveling companion. This time, Sullivan succeeds in living like a hobo. After eating in soup kitchens and sleeping in homeless shelters with the Girl, Sullivan finally decides he has had enough. His experiment is publicized by the studio as a huge success. The Girl wants to stay with him, but he explains that, on the advice of his business manager, he got married to reduce his income tax, only to discover that his wife cost him double what he saved in taxes. Sullivan decides to thank the homeless by handing out $5 bills, but one man decides he wants more than his share and ambushes Sullivan when he is alone. Sullivan is knocked unconscious and thrown onto a train boxcar leaving the city, but the thief is run over and killed by another train. The man had earlier stolen Sullivan\'s shoes, which had a special identification card hidden under one of the soles. When the card is found, everyone assumes the unrecognizable body is Sullivan\'s. Meanwhile, Sullivan wakes up in the rail yard of another city, with no memory of who he is or how he got there. In his confused state, he assaults the railroad worker who finds him, for which he is sentenced to six years in a labor camp. He eventually regains his memory, but not before learning the importance of laughter in the otherwise dreary lives of his fellow prisoners when they are allowed to attend a showing of Walt Disney\'s Playful Pluto cartoon. Sullivan comes to realize that comedy can do more good for the poor than O Brother, Where Art Thou?. But Sullivan still has a problem &ndash; he cannot convince anybody that he is Sullivan. Finally, he comes up with an ingenious solution: he confesses to being his own killer. When his picture makes the front page of the newspapers, the Girl recognizes him and gets him released. His "widow" had taken up with his crooked business manager in the meanwhile, so he can now divorce her and be reunited with the Girl. A montage of happily laughing faces ends the film.'] ['The Canfield and McKay families have been feuding for so long, no one remembers the reason the feud started in the first place. One stormy night in 1810, after family patriarch John McKay falls victim to the feud, his wife Mrs. McKay decides her son, Willie McKay , will not suffer the same fate. She relocates to New York to live with her sister, who after the mother\'s death raises him without telling him of the feud. Twenty-one years later, Willie  receives a letter informing him that his father\'s estate is now in his name. His aunt tells him of the feud, but he decides to return to his birthplace anyway, to claim his inheritance. On the train ride, he meets a girl, Virginia . They are shy to each other at first, but once they arrive , she invites him to dinner at her house. She is greeted by her family, the Canfields. Soon the Canfield paterfamilias knows the young McKay is in town and he\'s coming to dinner that night. He affirms the blood feud will continue but decrees that McKay must not die in the Canfield house. His sons take this to mean that anywhere beyond the walls of the house, Willie is fair game. The father refers to this as "our hospitality", a fictionalized version of the Southern code of hospitality. Meanwhile, McKay is oblivious to the seriousness of his situation, and manages to dodge bullets without really meaning to. The McKay estate turns out to be perfectly uninhabitable. Soon after arriving at the Canfield house McKay learns both that he is in the Canfields\' house and that they will not kill him inside. A parson comes to visit. After a while, the parson prepares to leave, but opening the door he finds a tremendous downpour of rain outside. The Canfield patriarch insists the parson stay at the house that night. McKay invites himself to stay the night also. The next morning, McKay does his best to stay inside the house while the Canfield men try to lure him out. After the father catches McKay kissing his daughter, McKay decides he can no longer keep trying to stay in the house. He leaves, but putting on a woman\'s dress first. He\'s able to elude the Canfield men all the way to the mountain and the waterfalls. After Willie trips and falls into the rapids, Virginia goes after him in a rowboat; overcome by the current, she winds up approaching the edge of the waterfall. In a resourceful and fearless effort, McKay swings trapeze-like on a rope, catching her hands and pulling her to a nearby embankment in mid-fall! . It grows dark and the Canfield men decide they can kill McKay the next day. Back home they find the gun cabinet completely empty, and in another room they see Willie and Virginia embracing in their bedclothes; assuming fornication, elder Canfield furiously ignores hospitality and rushes to the room, gun in hand. His clearer view reveals the parson completing nuptials for Willie and Virginia. Realizing the wrong of the violence thanks to a hanging "love thy neighbor" sampler, the father blesses the union and calls off the feud. Ordering his family to disarm, the Canfields place their individual pistols on the desk; Willie surrenders the 10 or 12 guns he took from the gun cabinet.'] ['Henry Roth  is a veterinarian at Sea Life Park on the island of Oahu who has a reputation of womanizing female tourists. He shows no interest in committing to a serious relationship and his closest friends are Ula , a marijuana-smoking Islander; his assistant Alexa , whose sexuality is unclear; and Willy, his pet African penguin. One day Henry’s boat The Sea Serpent, breaks down while he is sailing around Oahu. He goes to the Hukilau Café to wait for the coastguard. There, he sees Lucy , a pretty girl who makes architectural art with her waffles. Henry assumes she is a local, which prevents him from introducing himself but the next day he comes back. Lucy and he hit if off instantly and she asks him to meet her again tomorrow morning. When Henry goes back to the café, Lucy shows no recollection of ever meeting him. The restaurant owner Sue  explains to Henry that a year ago Lucy and her father Marlin  went up to the North Shore to pick a pineapple for his birthday. On the way back, they got into a serious car accident that left Lucy with Goldfield Syndrome, a type of antegorade amnesia. She wakes up every morning thinking it is Sunday October 13 of last year. To save her the heartbreak of reliving the accident everyday, Marlin and Doug , Lucy’s lisping steroid-addicted brother, relive everyday by doing numerous tasks, including putting out October 13th’s newspaper, watching the same Vikings game, and refilling Lucy’s shampoo bottles. Despite Sue’s warning that Nick , the Hukilau Café’s chef, will come at him with a meat cleaver, Henry decided to try and get Lucy to have breakfast with him. Eventually he does, but it ends poorly when Henry accidentally hurts Lucy’s feelings. He follows her home to apologize where Marlin and Doug instruct Henry to leave Lucy alone. Henry begins concocting ways to run into Lucy such as pretending to have car trouble, creating a fake road block and by having Ula beat him up. Eventually, Marlin and Doug figure this out due to Lucy singing The Beach Boys "Wouldn\'t It Be Nice" on the days when she meets Henry. The next day, Henry asks to sit with Lucy at breakfast but she declines and says she has a boyfriend named Ringo McCartney before a police officer gives Lucy a ticket for her expired plates. Lucy learns about her accident and requests to be taken to Dr. Keats . Dr. Keats introduces Lucy to Ten-Second Tom , a patient whose memory only lasts for 10 seconds to prove to Lucy how much worse her condition could be. Henry comes up with an idea to make a video explaining to Lucy her accident and their relationship and play it every morning for her. She watched the tape and is hurt, but eventually comes to her senses and she is able to spend the day by picking up where the tape says she left off. She spends more time with Henry and goes to see some of her old friends. Lucy decides to erase Henry completely from her life after learning of his decision to not take a sailing trip to Bristol Bay to study walruses, something that has been in planning mode for the past 10 years. He feels he cannot leave Lucy for the year it will take him. Henry reluctantly helps her destroy her journal entries of their relationship. A few weeks later, Henry is preparing to leave for his sailing trip. Before he goes, Marlin tells him that Lucy is now living at the brain institute and teaching an art class. He also tells him that she sings. Then he gives Henry a Beach Boys CD. Listening to the CD, Henry becomes emotional and curses Marlin for giving him the CD and making him feel so emotional. He then remembers that Marlin once told him that Lucy always sings after she meets him. He then realizes that Lucy remembers him and turns around to go home. She says she does not remember, but that she dreams about him every night and paints pictures of him. They reconcile. Some time later, Lucy wakes up and plays the tape marked “Good Morning Lucy”. It again reminds her of her accident, but ends with her and Henry’s wedding. From the tape, Henry says to put a jacket on and come have breakfast when she is ready. Lucy then sees that she is on Henry’s boat, which finally made it to Alaska. She goes up on deck and meets Henry and their daughter, Nicole, as well as her dad.'] ["Dave Randall, a jaded, womanizing, reality dating TV producer, runs into his old college crush, Kelly, and soon realizes his bar-hopping, bed-hopping ways are leaving him unfulfilled. Dave has Kelly — the only woman he's ever loved — re-train him to become the nice guy he used to be."] ['The movie begins with a prison inmate, Luther , speaking directly to the camera to an unseen individual, telling the story of Dizzy Gillespie Harrison , an 18-year-old high school senior and nerd. Dizzy is friends with Nora , Kirk  and Glen ,<ref name http://www.mahalo.com/the-new-guy/| title  Mahalo| date  2012-04-02}} The school librarian  would eventually "break" it after Dizzy refuses to "hand" over the "weapon" to her. Dizzy\'s white briefs were yanked from underneath his pants and placed around his head<ref name http://www.screenit.com/movies/2002/the_new_guy.html| title  Screen It!| date  2009-07-22}} - revealing the erect penis in plain sight to nearly everyone instead of "covering it." Dizzy is misdiagnosed with Tourette syndrome; he is then placed on medication by the school counselor who advises his father  to spend every moment possible with him. While at the mall\'s food court, the heavily medicated Dizzy makes a fool of himself at a church revival and gets arrested. In an attempt to wipe the slate clean, Dizzy gets himself expelled from his old high school, then undergoes a makeover with the help of the prison inmates and guards. The action has an intended effect, and head cheerleader, Danielle , welcomes the newcomer to school. Reaching the state championship, where they play Rocky Creek, Dizzy\'s antics on the sideline cost Rocky Creek the game, although Barclay recognizes his old punching bag. At school the next day, he attempts to beat up Dizzy, and is in turn attacked by the entire student body. After the attack, Connor helps up Barclay from the ground, telling him he wants to know what he knows . The homecoming dance, which Dizzy\'s funk band is supposed to play, is crashed by the students of Rocky Creek. Barclay and Connor, who have joined forces to set a trap for Dizzy, play an embarrassing video of the librarian incident. However, Luther and the other inmates arrive to save Dizzy and tie up the two bullies. Nora admits longstanding feelings for Glen, and Dizzy and Danielle reconcile. Luther ends the film, and the man he is talking to is revealed to be David Hasselhoff.  In the uncensored version of the movie, Dizzy appears to be a "child of divorce. Miss Kiki Pierce talks about Dizzy\'s excessive masturbation and becomes his stepmother in the uncensored version .'] ['Min-Jun  and Ji-Won  are so-called the first-rate "players" who are dating gurus with 100% success rates in any dating pursuits. Following her usual systematic dating rules, Ji-Won fakes a schematic car accident to capture Min-Jun\'s attention and successfully approaches him. However, her smooth-sailing dating life finally encounters turbulence. Why in the world is this guy not succumbing to her alluring charm? Ironically enough, Min-Jun is also overwhelmed by the understanding that he has met his match. However, like the veteran players that they are, these two shouldn\'t show any signs of weakness in their dating tactics. Who will emerge victorious and become the last player standing?{{cite web}}'] ['Oliver "Ollie" Trinké  is a powerful media publicist in New York City who loses his wife, Gertrude , in childbirth. To avoid his grief, he buries himself in his work and ignores his new daughter, Gertie, while his father, Bart , takes a month off from work to care for her, but returns so that his son is forced to live up to his responsibility as a parent. Under the stress of a botched diaper change and a baby who will not stop crying, Ollie trashes his client (Will Smith, for his soon-to-be released film [[Independence Day  in front of assembled reporters. The outburst costs him his job, so he moves in with his father in New Jersey. He eventually apologizes for ignoring his daughter, and attributes his public outburst to his grief. Blacklisted by all of New York City\'s public relations firms, Ollie has to work as a civil servant in the borough where he now lives with his father. Seven years later, Gertie , now in elementary school, often coaxes him to rent films to watch. At the video store, they meet Maya , one of the store\'s clerks, whose uninhibited probing into Ollie\'s love life almost leads to them having casual sex. She soon becomes a part of their lives. As part of his job in the borough, Ollie speaks to a group of outraged citizens to win over their approval for a major public works project that will temporarily close a street in the neighborhood. His successful and enjoyable interaction with the crowd leads him to realize how much he misses the public relations work. He contacts Arthur , his one-time protégé, who sets up a promising interview. The prospect of moving to New York creates tension among Ollie, Gertie, Bart, and Maya, especially when he says that his interview is on the same day as Gertie\'s school talent show. She yells at him, saying she hates him and that she wishes he had died instead of her mom. He claims he hates her right back, and says she and Gertrude took his life away and he just wants it back. He immediately regrets it and tries to apologize, but the damage is done and she pushes him away and runs to her room, crying. A few days later he and Gertie finally patch things up, and she accepts the fact that they will be moving to New York. While waiting to be interviewed, he has a chance encounter with Will Smith , the man he trashed at his public outburst years before. Smith has no idea who Ollie is, but their conversation about work and children makes him decide to sacrifice the former for the latter. Ollie is able to make it to Gertie\'s Sweeney Todd performance at the last moment. The film ends with him, Gertie, Bart, Maya, and the rest celebrating at the bar. He and Maya hint at possible feelings for each other before being interrupted by Gertie. He holds her and says that they are staying in New Jersey because he did not take the job. She asks why he did so if he loved it so much. He says that he thought he did, but he loved his new life more because being a father to her was the only thing that he was ever really good at.'] ["Ramvilas Sharma  has just ended his live-in relationship with his girlfriend Sanjana Mahadik . His detective friend Nandu  sets him up with Koel Datta , who has also ended her relationship with her boyfriend after finding out that he was cheating on her. Unknown to Ram, Sanjana is having an affair with gangster Lucky Sardana . When Sanjana realizes that Lucky is using 5 crore of his money to buy a flat for his wife Nimmi , she absconds with the money. Sanjana decides to take Nandu's help in recovering her passport from Ram's place so that she can leave the country with the money. However, Nandu decides to return the money to Lucky, as he doesn't want to have anything to do with Lucky's money. He returns the bag to Lucky not realizing that Sanjana has switched the bags and has hidden the money at Ram's place. The remainder of the movie depicts how the money causes confusion in the lives of the characters."] ["Unnikrishnan ([[Dileep  owns an old bus,{{cite web}}received as a compensation for his father's road accident and he is facing lots of consequences due to the pathetic condition of the bus. He sold many valuable things to maintain this bus. His friend Sundaresan  was his only companion and the cleaner of the bus. A mouse had eaten the passport of Sundaresan and had spoiled his chances of going abroad. Some part of the film's comedy involves Sundaresan running behind this mouse for his revenge. A live TV show, in which Unni bad mouth of City Traffic Commissioner, Veerappan Kurup  lands him in more trouble, when the former commands Unni to leave the city with the bus. Sreedhara Kaimal, Oduvil Unnikrishnan, and advocate and well wisher tries to him help him with a bank loan to run a mobile kitchen  from his bus. The plot took a turn when a girl named Basanthi  entered the bus as a nomad, but she was actually Gayathri, the daughter of an influential and politically powerful minister R. K. Santhanam  in Pondicherry. Her father forced her to join politics, which made her leave home. Initially, the girl refuses to leave the bus, despite the constant efforts of Unni and Sundaresan. The police trace her and take her back to her father's custody. Her father was making arrangements for her marriage with someone else. Meanwhile Unni realised that he could not live without Gayathri. Unni and Sundar secretly entered her house and finally all ended well by winning the heart of her father."] ['The film portrays friends Marvin \'Shake\' Tiller and Billy Clyde Puckett as two football buddies who play for a team owned by Big Ed Bookman called the "Miami Bucks".{{cite book}} She initially has romantic feelings for Kristofferson\'s character, who has become more self-confident after taking self-improvement training from seminar leader Friedrich Bismark.<ref name Staff | title  Allmovie | publisher  | url avg&sql 2007-10-24}} Barbara Jane is determined to make it work with Shake, so she attends B.E.A.T. in an effort to "get it". Barbara Jane also feels guilty that she did not "get it". Shake is insistent that the training has had proven results for him, noting that he has not missed a football pass since completing B.E.A.T. While participating in the training, Billy Clyde is shown coping with the seminar rules forbidding going to the bathroom during the training.{{cite book}} For a time Puckett pretends he underwent a conversion to Bismark\'s way of thinking. While Barbara Jane and Shake are at the altar about to be married, the minister turns to Friedrich Bismark and gives him some advice on how he can avoid capital gains tax in his business.{{cite book}}'] [" Composer Roger Bond  and his orchestra are appearing in Miami, with vocalist Honey Hales . Despite the warnings of accordionist and assistant band leader Fred Ayres , Roger is attracted to the beautiful and flirtatious Belinha  in the audience, he leaves the bandstand to pursue her. Doña Elena , Belinha's chaperone, is informed of this, and arranges for Roger and the band to be fired. But Roger pursues Belinha to Brazil, and organises as engagement for the band at the Hotel Atlantico in Rio de Janeiro, unaware that the hotel is owned by Belinha's father . Roger persuades Belinha to allow him to fly her there in his private plane, which runs into trouble inflight, forcing a landing on an apparently deserted island. Under the moonlight, she falls into his arms, while admitting to him that she is already engaged. In Rio, Roger informs his good friend Julio  that he has fallen in love, but finds out that Belinha is engaged to Julio. During rehearsals for the Hotel's opening, Fred is told by police that the hotel lacks an entertainment license. When Roger spots a plane overhead, he comes up with the idea of strapping dancing girls to planes, with Fred leading the band and Honey and Julio leading the planes. The show is a great success and the hotel's future guaranteed. Julio gives Belinha up to Roger while Fred and Honey celebrate.<ref name Billman | first  Fred Astaire - A Bio-bibliography | publisher  1997 | location  0-313-29010-5 | page = 82 }}http://www.allmovie.com/work/flying-down-to-rio-17969"] ["Nicky Collini and his fiancée Tacy buy  a large trailer home , so that they can save money that would otherwise be spent on a house, and also be able to travel around the USA to civil engineering projects that Nicky is employed on. They have to buy a more powerful car to tow the trailer, a 1953 Mercury Monterey convertible with a 125 HP flathead V8 engine, and the money spent starts to mount up. The honeymoon trip to the Sierra Nevada mountains rapidly becomes a catalogue of disasters. These include Tacy's attempts to cook dinner in a moving, rocking trailer, and later a cliffhanging ride on a narrow road through the mountains, with the trailer weighed down by many rock specimens and canned food she has collected. After they arrive at the home of Tacy's aunt and uncle, with other relatives and neighbors who are gathered watching, Nicky accidentally backs the trailer into their hosts' porch, partly destroying it as well as a prized rose bush. In another scene, after turning on an old logging road he tries to level the trailer at night while stuck in the mud during a rainstorm. Relations deteriorate between the couple, and finally Tacy storms off in a huff. But by the film's end, they are tearfully reunited."] ["Waitress-turned-Broadway star Mabel O'Dare  and garage-mechanic-turned-prize fighter Larry Cain  dislike each other intensely, but press agent Aloysius K. Reilly  cooks up a phony romance between them for publicity. Inevitably, the two fall in love for real, and plan on getting married, with Mabel quitting show business to be a housewife and Cain quitting the fight racket to run garages in New Jersey. When their entourages get wind of their plan, they plant the story in the newspapers, and each thinks the other one betrayed their secret - until Mabel's aunt  tells Mabel the truth. Mabel abandons her show and rushes to Philadelphia were Cain is fighting. Having been told by his manager that Mabel is going to marry crooner Ronny Caudwell , an enraged Cain is waging an all-out fight against his opponent, until he hears Mabel's voice and is knocked down. Reilly confesses to Cain that he was the one who leaked the story, and Cain's second, DoDo  accidentally throws a towel into the ring, making Cain the loser by a technical knockout. But since Mabel has bet on the other boxer, the newly reunited couple will have a tidy nest egg to start their new life together."] ['Calvin Weir-Fields  is a young novelist, struggling to recreate the early success of his first novel, but unable to commit to any of his ideas. His therapist, Dr. Rosenthal , gives him a writing assignment: to write a page about someone who likes his dog, Scotty. Calvin has a dream in which he meets an attractive young woman, who draws a picture of Scotty and says she likes him. Calvin wakes and is inspired to write about her. In therapy he admits he is falling in love with the character he is writing, and tells the therapist all about Ruby Sparks . Calvin\'s brother Harry  and sister-in-law Susie  come to visit, and find several articles of women\'s clothing around the house. The next day, Calvin is stunned to find Ruby in his kitchen, as an actual living person. Thinking he is going crazy, he calls Harry, who does not believe him and advises him to meet with someone else to take his mind off things. Ruby is confused by his behavior and insists on coming along, and leaves her to shop while he meets Mabel , a fan of his book. Ruby finds them, and Calvin discovers that others can actually see Ruby, discovering that she is a real person, not a figment of his imagination. Ruby fights with Calvin, thinking he is cheating on her but he explains how he feels overwhelmed and they make up. Calvin introduces Ruby to Harry, and Harry believes there must a be logical explanation, but Calvin proves that his writing directly affects Ruby. Harry is amazed that Calvin has manifested a woman with his mind, and has the power to change her. Calvin says he loves Ruby and asks Harry not to tell anyone of Ruby\'s origins. Harry warns him that women are mysterious creatures, and that things may change. Calvin says he wrote her and he knows her, and he will never write about Ruby again. Months later, Calvin reluctantly takes Ruby to meet his free-spirited mother Gertrude  and boyfriend Mort . While Ruby and his family enjoy themselves, Calvin spends the weekend reading by himself, growing jealous of the time Ruby is spending with other people and Ruby\'s happy spirit begins to dampen at Calvin\'s increased gloominess. Back at Calvin\'s house, Calvin complains to that her Ruby singing is disturbing his reading. Upset, she runs upstairs crying. Ruby tells Calvin how lonely she is and suggests they start spending less time together. Calvin is miserable without her and, out of desperation, writes that Ruby is also miserable without him. Ruby returns to Calvin\'s house full-time, but becomes incredibly clingy toward him, afraid to leave his side for even a second. Calvin tires of this and writes that Ruby is instead "filled with effervescent joy," at which point she becomes constantly happy. After talking with Harry about what he has been doing, Calvin intends to write Ruby back to her normal self but the wording he uses leaves Ruby confused and slightly manic-depressive. Gloomy again, Ruby fights with Calvin once more. He attempts to cheer her up, and takes her along to a party hosted by author Langdon Tharp . At the party, Calvin leaves Ruby and talks with people about his still-unfinished manuscript. He also runs into his ex-girlfriend Lila , and they have a heated argument in which Lila accuses Calvin of only seeing her in an idealized way. Langdon sees Ruby alone and flirts with her, convincing her to strip to her underwear and join him in the pool. Calvin finds Ruby about to join Langdon for a swim and they leave. At home, Calvin and Ruby fight, with Ruby accusing Calvin of controlling of her. As she prepares to leave Calvin, he reveals that she is a product of his imagination, and that he is capable of making her do anything he writes. He demonstrates this to her making her perform various actions. Eventually Calvin stops, his head bent in anguish over his typewriter; while Ruby, exhausted, runs into his bedroom and locks the door. Calvin writes a final page, which states that Ruby is no longer his creation, subject to his will, and she is free. He leaves the manuscript outside, with a note. The next morning, Calvin finds that the note is gone along with Ruby and he breaks down sobbing. Harry, suggests he write a new book about his experiences with Ruby. The novel The Girlfriend  is a success. While walking Scotty in the park Calvin sees Ruby, who has no recollection of him. She is reading his book, which she says her friend described as pretentious. Calvin reveals himself as the book\'s author, and she asks to start over, and they sit and talk. She asks him not to tell her how the story ends.'] ["In this slapstick romantic comedy, Alexander Botts is egged on by his sweetheart Sally to do great things, so he writes a letter to the Earthworm Tractor company, and is hired as a salesman. He gets fired more than once, but is rehired by getting orders. He falls in love with Mabel, daughter of cranky Sam. Eventually he proves a super salesman by selling many tractors to Sam, and wins Mabel's love.Harrison's Reports film review; July 25, 1936, page 119."] ['Cher Horowitz  is a good-natured but superficial girl who is attractive, popular, and extremely wealthy. At a few months shy of sixteen, she has risen to the top of the high school social scene and is happy and self-assured in her insular, fashion-obsessed world. She lives in a Beverly Hills mansion with her father, Mel , a ferocious $500-an-hour litigator; her mother has long since died, having succumbed to complications while undergoing liposuction. Cher\'s best friend is Dionne Davenport , who is also rich, pretty, and hip, and understands what it\'s like to be envied. Among the few people to find much fault with Cher is Josh , her socially conscious ex-stepbrother who visits during a break from college. Josh and Cher spar continually but without malice; she refers to him as "granola breath" and mocks his scruffy idealism, while he teases her for being selfish, vain, and superficial, and says that her only direction in life is "toward the mall." Illustrating that Cher\'s selfishness is usually innocent and relatively harmless, Cher plays matchmaker for two lonely, nerdy, hard-grading teachers, Mr. Hall  and Miss Geist . She achieves her original purpose – to make them relax their grading standards so she can renegotiate a bad report card – but when she sees their newfound happiness, she realizes she likes doing good deeds. Cher now decides that the ultimate way she can give back to the community would be to "adopt" a "tragically unhip" new girl at school, Tai Frasier . Cher and Dionne give Tai a makeover and initiate her into the mysteries of popularity. Cher also tries to extinguish the strong mutual attraction between Tai and Travis , an amiable skateboarding slacker, and to steer her toward Elton , a rich snob. Her second matchmaking scheme backfires when Elton rejects Tai and makes a play for Cher. Matters worsen, however, when Cher\'s "project" works a bit too well and Tai\'s popularity begins to surpass Cher\'s, especially after Tai has a "near-death" adventure at the mall that helps to skyrocket her to fame at school. Other classmates, including Dionne and Cher\'s longtime rival, Amber , soon gravitate toward Tai, and Cher finds herself demoted from queen to courtier at high school. Meanwhile, Cher has a couple of romantic mishaps with boys at school. The first involves Elton; the next concerns Christian ([[Justin Walker , a handsome classmate with great fashion sense who turns out to be gay. Cher naively and repeatedly fails to recognize Christian\'s homosexual tendencies, and tries unsuccessfully to seduce him while they are alone one night watching Spartacus. The next day, Dionne\'s boyfriend, Murray , roars with laughter, which makes Cher\'s mistake clear to her at last. Events reach a crisis after Cher fails her driver\'s test and can\'t "renegotiate" the result. When Cher goes home, crushed, Tai confides that she\'s taken a fancy to Josh and wants Cher to help her "get" him. Cher says she doesn\'t think Josh is right for her, and they quarrel. Cher, left all alone, begins to think she has created a monster in her own image. Feeling "totally clueless", she reflects on her priorities and her repeated failures to understand or appreciate the people in her life. Most of all, she keeps thinking about Josh and Tai, and wonders why she cares so much. After much soul-searching , Cher discovers she has fallen in love with Josh. She begins making awkward but sincere efforts to live a more useful life, even captaining the school\'s Pismo Beach disaster relief effort. A scene near the end of the film finds Cher and Josh stumbling over how to admit their mutual feelings for each other, finally culminating in a tender kiss on the stairs of her home. The film has a happy Hollywood ending for Cher: Mr. Hall and Miss Geist get married; her friendships with Tai and Dionne are reaffirmed; Tai and Travis are in love; and, in Josh\'s arms, she too has now finally found love.'] ["Boeun  is an ordinary 15-year-old high school girl who worries about grades and has a crush on her school's baseball team ace, Jungwoo. One day, Boeun's grandfather orders her to marry Sangmin  because of a pact he made with Sangmin's grandfather during the Korean War. Despite the grandchildren's opposition, they are forced to marry because of Boeun's grandfather's strong influence. However later on in the story,it is revealed that Sangmin actually loves Boeun. Boeun's undercover married life begins: She pretends that she doesn't have a husband and starts dating Jungwoo. Boeun believes that she can manage both men and live a double life. Everything goes smoothly until Sangmin visits Boeun's school as a student teacher. From here, their relationship begins to grow. Soon later after an accident, Boeun's family comes to know about Jungwoo. After talking to her mother Boeun finally realizes that she loves Sangmin. At the school festival she breaks up with Jungwoo and tells her feelings to Sangmin in front of the whole school."] ["Joo-wol  is a novelist suffering writer's block and he has not been able to write anything for the past couple of years. A hopeless romantic, he looks to find artistic inspiration in every woman he meets, but ends up only with despair and heartache. One day, his publisher asks him to come along to a book fair in Germany for a change of pace. There he meets Hee-jin , a film distributor who is there to survey the European film market at an event in Berlin. Unsurprisingly, he falls in love again, and after returning to Seoul, he manages to convince her out on a date. As their relationship progresses, Joo-wol writes a bestselling detective novel with a main character loosely based on Hee-jin. However, with this new popularity he begins to discover more than he would like to know about his girlfriend’s complicated history with men.{{cite web}}"] ["The book club is the brainchild of fiftysomething six-time divorcée Bernadette, who latches onto the idea when she meets Prudie, a prim, married high school French teacher in her mid-20s, at a Jane Austen film festival. Her concept is to have six members discuss all of Austen's six novels, with each member hosting the group once a month. Also inducted into the club are Sylvia, a fortysomething librarian who recently has separated from her philandering lawyer husband Daniel after more than two decades of marriage; Sylvia's 20-something lesbian daughter Allegra; Jocelyn, a happily unmarried control freak and breeder of Rhodesian Ridgebacks who has been Sylvia's friend since childhood; and Grigg, a science fiction fan who's roped into the group by Jocelyn with the hope he and Sylvia will prove to be a compatible match. As the months pass, each of the members develops characteristics similar to those of Austen's characters and reacts to events in their lives in much the same way their fictional counterparts would. Bernadette is the matriarch figure who longs to see everyone find happiness. Sylvia clings to her belief in steadfast love and devotion, and eventually reconciles with Daniel. Jocelyn denies her own feelings for Grigg while playing matchmaker for him and Sylvia. Prudie, encumbered with her inattentive husband Dean and a free-spirited, pot-smoking, aging-hippie mother, a product of the 1960s counterculture, finds herself desperately trying not to succumb to her feelings for her seductive student Trey. Allegra, who tends to meet her lovers while engaging in death-defying activities, feels betrayed when she discovers her current partner, aspiring writer Corinne, has used Allegra's life as the basis for her short stories. Grigg is attracted to Jocelyn and mystified by her seeming lack of interest in him, marked by her failure to read the Ursula K. Le Guin novels he has hoped will catch her fancy. He also serves as the comedic foil to Jocelyn and Prudie's very serious takes on the books."] ["Spoiled heiress Brooke Carter runs into spoiled gambler Johnny Spanish at the race track. Spoiled playboy Michael O. Pritchard nearly runs into spoiled showgirl Kitty O'Kelly with his car. Backstage at Kitty's show, it turns out she and Brooke are old friends who attended public school together. The foursome does the town, accompanied by Brooke's companion Elizabeth, who throws herself at Michael's butler and chauffeur Rodney James. The four friends change partners at a party, where Brooke and Michael step outside behind the backs of Kitty and Johnny. In an effort to make the others jealous, Kitty and Johnny begin a romance and genuinely fall in love, as do Brooke and Michael, and as do Elizabeth and Rodney."] ["The story concerns a veteran playboy screenwriter named Richard Benson  who has been paid to write a screenplay for his boss, Mr. Alexander Myerheim . Overly confident in his writing abilities, he puts off writing the screenplay until just two days before it is due. Gabrielle Simpson , a temp secretary hired by Benson to type the script, comes to Richard's hotel room where they are to spend the weekend. Richard and Gabrielle come up with various off-the-wall scenarios for his screenplay, called The Girl Who Stole the Eiffel Tower. As the script unfolds, so does the romance between the two writers."] ["Thiru  is a carefree laid back guy who has a great time with his friends . He falls in love with Priya , who is the sister of Guru , a rich business tycoon. The story is about a cat-and-mouse game between Thiru and Guru, who is against Thiru and Priya's love. Thiru , the hero wins the game at the end."] ['Adam is a college senior, and an aspiring singer/songwriter. He meets Eve - a beautiful, bright, talented  college girl. They begin dating; and he quickly learns that, hard as it is to believe of such a hot girl in today\'s campus world, Eve is still a virgin. For her it is not about religion, or waiting for wedlock, but about waiting until it feels "right." This begins a relationship that is at once sexy, romantic, sometimes painful, and often hilarious, as Adam, Eve and all their friends wait for Eve to be ready.'] ['Devchata is a romantic comedy set in an isolated Russian logging camp, c. the late 1950s. A pig-tailed young girl - Tosya - arrives from school with a cooking degree, and joins a group of other women who work in jobs supporting the loggers. Tosya\'s naivete is reflected in the first exchange we see, where the official who shows her to her quarters seems exasperated when he finds that she has not brought a pillow. Tosya is assigned as a cook for the camp. Once in her dorm-like room, she cheerfully prepares herself a meal of tea and a giant loaf of bread slathered with jam; all of it from her roommates\' food stockpile. When the four other girls return after a day at work, they are generally taken by Tosya\'s youth and good nature. However, one woman is upset that she is eating her food without permission, and a fight ensues. It is in this scene that we first see another characteristic of Tosya: her fierceness. When the dorm-mate makes some rude comments, Tosya throws a boot at her head without hesitation. This trait is also exhibited a short time later, when Tosya enters the dance hall . At first, no one will dance with her , but eventually she begins to dance with another very tall girl who is also passed up by several young men. Meanwhile, two groups of loggers engage in a friendly dispute . They leaders of the two groups play checkers, and in order to concentrate, Ilya  calls out for the music to be turned off. A very tall and imposing companion carries out his order. However, Tosya, who is now enjoying her dance, marches over to the phonograph and puts the music back on. Ilya calls for the music to be turned back off, and Tosya, to the amusement of the onlookers, seems prepared to fight this giant in order to keep the music playing. Impressed by Tosya\'s tenacity, Ilya approaches her and asks her to dance. After telling him to first throw away his cigarette and take off his hat, she proclaims that she doesn\'t want to dance with "your type." Following this episode, and stinging from humiliation, Ilya bets the leader of the rival group that within a week he can win Tosya\'s heart. The winner gets the other\'s hat. Ilya and his gang quickly make a plan . Despite ill-treatment , Tosya carries some mushroom soup to the men a few days later to their work-site in the forest. The starving men can no longer resist, and Ilya and Tosya begin to show some real affection for one another. It is a pure joy to watch Tosya fall in love with Ilya, and her simple celebrations , are a perfect evocation of puppy love in a young girl\'s heart. We also learn that Tosya is an orphan and that Ilya is interested in exploring ways to increase the productivity of the logging operation through new techniques and technologies. One night, Tosya\'s nasty dorm-mate reveals to the other girls the bet that Ilya has made, and there is a debate over whether to break the news to Tosya. The other girls want to keep Tosya\'s faith in men and love alive. When Ilya asks Tosya to a big dance, however, the girls decide that they must tell her the truth. It is a heartbreaking scene, especially when Tosya asks quietly, "And the bet was just for a hat?" Within minutes her despair turns to indignation, and she marches off to the dance. Approaching Ilya, she asks him point blank whether there was any bet, and when he sheepishly admits that there was, she grabs the rival\'s hat and shoves it into Ilya\'s hands. She then runs out into the night  and sobs behind a wood pile as Ilya searches for her and calls out her name. In the weeks that follow, Ilya attempts to convince her that the bet was just a stupid prank, that he is sorry, and that he really does love her. But Tosya will not be easily swayed. She is too hurt to trust, and the rest of the movie has the audience rooting for a reunion, although Tosya seems completely unwilling to forgive. Eventually, though, during a scene in which the entire camp is pitching in to build a newly married couple their own house, Tosya and Ilya find themselves in an attic, each with a box of nails. This simple moment leads to their reconciliation, and we leave them snuggling outside on a log, flirtatiously exploring a first kiss and talking about their future.'] ["Chintakayala Ravi  works in a bar named Cyber Wave in New York. He is a head waiter; he works with his three friends who also are waiters at the same bar. He has a soft spot for software engineers because he came to the US with the dream of becoming a software pro. Unavoidable circumstances prevented him from reaching that goal. His mother Seshamamba ([[Lakshmi  tells everybody in her village in Andhra Pradesh that her son is big software engineer in America. Ravi is hit hard with a sentiment; for the sole reason of not wanting to hurt his mother's feelings, he continues to tell her the sweet lie that he truly is a software engineer in America. However, problems arise when Seshamamba gets ready to marry her son to Lavanya ,a local village girl, because Lavanya believes Seshamamba when she says that Ravi is a software engineer. So, when Lavanya asks her childhood buddy, Sunitha , to enquire about Ravi, the truth comes out that he's a bar waiter. Her family gets angry that Ravi's family lied to them, and when Ravi arrives in the village for betrothal, he is subjected to humiliation. What happens later forms the remaining story. He troubles Sunitha. Later he saves Sunitha and Sunitha understands how a good person Ravi is when he saves her father. She aims a rejoining Ravi & Lavanya. In due course they fall in love with each other and get married."] ['Hunky writer Markus  returns home to find his boyfriend of four years naked with another man. Newly single, he begins waiting tables at a swinging Chelsea hotspot where the indelible supporting cast of co-workers offers conflicting directions on the off-road map to love and lust in New York City. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0411883/plotsummary'] ["Peter Colt , an English professional Tennis Player in his thirties whose ranking has slipped from 11th to 119th in the world, considers he never really had to fight for anything as his wealthy but not close family easily put him through studies and allowed him to pursue his Tennis ambitions, he bravely exchanges jokes with his German sparring partner Dieter Prohl , who is in a similar position. Tough, he earns a wildcard spot to the Wimbledon tournament, but internally feels that it's time to admit he's getting too old to compete with fitter coming men  and intends, after this last Wimbledon, to take a job with the prestigious tennis club instead. However, as Wimbledon begins, by accident, he bumps into Lizzie Bradbury , the American rising star of female tennis, falls in love with her and finds her interest in him changes his entire perception, even gives him the strength to win again. As their love grows, Peter's game becomes better and better, but her game starts worsening as she spends too much time with Peter, ignoring her practice and tiredness. However, her overprotective father-manager Dennis Bradbury  proves determined to nip their relationship in the bud, believing it detrimental to her career. One day, Dennis comes to Peter’s old flat and yells at him for spoiling his daughter's game. She overhears this and decides to leave him and focus on her game. Both of them play several games with different opponents and win. But without Lizzie’s support, Peter's confidence and concentration start to shake. Lizzie enters into semi-final while Peter also manages to reach semi-final but with difficulty. The night before their semi-final games, Peter sneaks into Lizzie’s hotel room and persuades her to have sex. Initially, she denies as she requires more rest and sleep for her semi-final game next morning, but later on agrees to. Next day, he performs quite well and wins his semi-final match in straight sets, whilst Lizzie loses her match due to tiredness for lack of sleep and losing her focus after last night together with Peter. Lizzie gets upset and breaks their relationship while accusing his madness and last night greed for sex as cause for loss of her match, her dreams and perhaps her career too. She leaves before he can say or explain anything and decides to immediately return to USA. Peter has to play the final match against Jake Hammond , an arrogant American star who Peter has already had an argument with involving Lizzie, but finds himself out classed. At the airport, Lizzie watches an interview on TV in which Peter apologizes to her and declares his love for her openly. She drops her idea to go home, and comes back to Wimbledon. Before Lizzie reaches the stadium, Peter has already lost two sets and is running behind in the third one due to the fast and forceful tricky serves by Jake. He has lost all of his focus due to the breakup with Lizzie. Before the game is interrupted by rain, his back muscles get stressed and he has started thinking about quitting the game rather than face a sure defeat. Suddenly, Lizzie comes to him in the dressing room and tells him that she has forgiven him, and prepares him to play and face the fate rather than quit. She tells him the secret about Jake’s tricky serves. With Lizzie cheering him on, Peter makes a recovery in the game and wins the title  with a diving volley. After the game he retires from tennis. He and Lizzie get married, and with his support, Lizzie goes on to win the U.S. Open and Wimbledon twice, ultimately achieving her dreams. In the last scene, Peter is with their youngest child, a boy, watching Lizzie and their eldest child, a girl, playing tennis together on a neighborhood court in New York City."] ["A dying man finds that horses, blondes, and the Mob may end his life faster than cancer. Joe  is a regular guy who runs a flower shop and has never had much in the way of good luck. Things seem to be grim for Joe when he's diagnosed with a brain tumor, but a bit of good fortune appears on the horizon when he wins a jackpot at the race track. However, Hush , an exotic dancer who has fallen deeply in debt to a gang of thugs, steals Joe's newly won fortune to pay them off. Joe gets his money back by explaining to the gangsters what happened, but only because they mistake him for a syndicate kingpin they've heard about but never met. When the gangsters discover that Joe is a florist and not a career criminal, they find the situation less than amusing."] ['In Los Angeles, the wealthy aspirant writer Donna and her best friend  Christi Ann are bored of relationships and decide to chase two escorts in a bar for a one night stand. Meanwhile, construction workers and best friends, Stanny and Joe, come from New York but can\'t find jobs in Los Angeles. Without money, the guys decide to go to a fancy bar to drink and leave the place without paying the bill. Donna and Christi Ann meet Stanny and Joe and invite them home believing they are gigolos. After a night of sex, the women discover the misunderstanding and that the men are, indeed, unemployed construction workers. The women offer to have the men stay in their swimming pool cabana, furnishing them with beer and food while the boys search for jobs. In return, they would be their on-call "boy-toys" in a strictly sexual relationship. During the ensuing months, the couples become closer and change their feelings and behaviors with the development and growing of their relationships as the couples begin to develop romantic feelings.'] ["The story is similar to the earlier Hudson-Day Pillow Talk , revolving around mistaken identity, with a man trying to seduce a woman who hates his real identity, by feigning lack of experience with women. In a New York advertising agency, Jerry Webster , a Madison Avenue ad executive, has achieved success not through hard work or intelligence but by wining and dining his clients, even setting them up on dates with attractive girls. Jerry's equal and sworn enemy at a rival agency is Carol Templeton . Although she has never met him, Carol is disgusted by Jerry's unethical tactics and reports him to the Ad Council. Jerry avoids trouble with his usual aplomb, sending a comely chorus girl, Rebel Davis , to seduce the council members. Jerry then promises Rebel a spot in commercials, so he shoots some featuring her for “VIP,” a non-existent product. The commercials accidentally are broadcast on TV, thanks to the perplexed company president, Pete Ramsey . Jerry needs to come up with a product quickly. He bribes a chemist, Dr. Linus Tyler , to come up with a “VIP” that could be marketed. Jerry pretends to be the inventor to Carol, while she is attempting to steal the account from him by wining, dining, golfing, and frolicking at the beach with him. Carol learns the truth. Appalled, she once more reports him to the Advertising Council, this time for promoting a product that doesn't exist. Jerry, however, arrives at the hearing with VIP, a mint-flavored candy Dr. Tyler has created. He provides a free sample to everyone there, including Carol. “VIP” turns out to be an intoxicating candy, having the same effect as a triple martini. Its extreme effects lead to a one-night stand between Carol  and her bitter rival, Jerry, complete with marriage license. Carol has the marriage annulled, but Jerry convinces the liquor industry to give Carol a quarter of its advertising. Jerry leaves New York to work in the company's California branch — only to be called back nine months later to remarry Carol in a hospital maternity ward, just before she gives birth to their child."] ["Mary Howard  is a novelist with advanced ideas about love and marriage, and is in love with her publisher, Rogers Woodruff . She decides the only logical thing to do is to lure him away from his wife and marry him. Mary's friend, Jimmy , however, is convinced he's the right man for her and pursues her. He sees through her rationalizations and wrong-thinking and decides to throw Mary and Woodruff's wife Claire  together at the house of a friend . The two women do not know each other, but during their chats Mary appreciates and respects Claire's maturity and wisdom. When she learns Woodruff is a philandering womanizer of long standing, she realizes she cannot love him and welcomes Jimmy's attentions."] ['For several years, Tom Winters  has been estranged from his wife and their three children, David , Elizabeth , and Robert . The film begins as he returns home from Europe shortly after his wife\'s death. The children want to stay in the country with their mother\'s wealthy family, including her parents and her sister Carolyn , but Tom takes them to Washington DC, where he works in the US State Department. The children resent their father\'s presence, and, at an outdoor concert, Robert runs away. He is found by Cinzia Zaccardi , the daughter of a famous Italian conductor. She too is running away and is enchanted by little "Roberto" and his harmonica. When she brings him back home, Tom offers her a job as a maid, which she eventually accepts. Carolyn, now divorced from her husband, offers Tom and the children her old guest house, which was supposed to be moved to a new foundation. However, on the way there, they encounter the guest house being towed down the road, and the house is smashed by a train in a comical scene in which the tow-truck driver, Angelo Donatello , flirts with Cinzia and accidentally hits Tom\'s car. Feeling guilty, Angelo sells Tom his leaky, run-down old houseboat. Once moved in, Tom discovers that Cinzia is unable to cook, do laundry, or make coffee. Carolyn and others incorrectly insinuate that Cinzia\'s relationship with Tom is sexual while she innocently wins the affection of Tom and the children. Meanwhile, Tom spends his evenings with Carolyn, who is secretly in love with him. On the 4th of July, she tries to embarrass Cinzia by selecting a gaudy dress for Tom to buy for her, but Cinzia transforms it into an elegant evening gown. She looks so beautiful in the gown that Angelo, a confirmed womanizer, cancels a date with her out of a fear of falling in love and proposing to her. That evening, Carolyn arrives at the boat with Captain Alan Wilson  and his wife. Alan, who is somewhat drunk, jokes about Cinzia\'s living arrangement with Tom and slaps her on the behind as she serves drinks. She throws a drink on him in retaliation. Tom asks Alan to leave the boat, but Carolyn takes Alan\'s side, so Tom asks all three of the guests to leave. David cheers Cinzia up, and they make plans to go fishing, but Tom ruins David\'s plans by inviting Cinzia to his country club. Once there, Tom reconciles with Carolyn and they agree to get married. As he dances with Cinzia, he finally realizes he is in love with her, but she learns of the proposal, becomes upset, and runs away. Tom catches her, and a little while later, David unhappily finds them kissing in a rowboat. The children don\'t want Tom to marry Cinzia. David calls her ugly, Robert rejects her as a mother figure, and Elizabeth wants to continue sleeping in Tom\'s bed with him. Discouraged by this, Cinzia returns home, but Tom follows her, and she gives in after her father  scolds her. The wedding takes place on the houseboat. The children initially refuse to participate in the ceremony, but as it begins, Elizabeth and David join Tom and Cinzia at the altar, and Robert joins them after playing "Here Comes the Bride" on his harmonica.'] ['The film follows Harry Voss during three important days of his life. The first is as a youth, the second on the day of his high school graduation and the third as a lonely, middle-aged man. The phases of his life show the destruction of hope and innocence and his descent into cynicism, alcoholism and hopelessness. Idealizing romantic love with a beautiful girl in his childhood, he is bitterly disappointed when the real world does not match the idealized images of love in his own imaginings. He then discovers as a teenager his peers consider him an outcast due to his chronic and physically disfiguring cystic acne, which covers his face, chest, shoulders and back in weeping pus-filled sores and repulses all who see him. He turns to alcohol to kill the pain and disappointment, losing all hope of finding true love, only to end up destitute, as an alcoholic in later adulthood. Only through a freak chance encounter late in his life is he transported back to his innocent memories of childhood and the idealized love of a beautiful girl that he craved in his youth. Finally fulfilled, he dies by wading out into the open ocean after finding his only "true" love - a "crazy love". The irony of the "hollowness" of this lost, idealized, love, and the tragic significance Harry places on this single event, sums up his lost life and finally makes him the hero of his own story. Each of the three phases filmed involves a sexual encounter with a "passive" female. In the first phase, the child is pushed into a sexual encounter with a friend\'s attractive mother whilst she is sleeping, drunk, in her bed at home. In the second, a girl lies passively in the back seat of a car, uninterested, whilst he attempts to have sex with her. She does it only as a favor to her boyfriend who is friends with Harry, but cannot carry through in the end and turns away in disgust at his appalling cystic acne. In the third, as an older alcoholic, he and his drunk friend stumble upon a fresh corpse and "steal" it as a joke, only for Harry to find that the dead - but still warm - girl resembles the girl of his childhood dreams. The next morning his friend finds Harry has committed suicide by intentionally walking out to sea with the corpse in his arms, apparently committing suicide after consummating his final desire.'] ['It is graduation day at the high school in Twente. To celebrate the end of high school, Hans Nijboer  invites all of his friends on a boat trip to Majorca, Spain. The boat is owned by his older brother Ties , who broke his connection with their father. Once the friends have all come aboard the boat, they start for Majorca. While they are sailing to their destination, a police boat drops off another high school student, Treesje , a goth girl who is not friends with anyone on the boat. Upon arrival in Spain, they decide to look for the Full Moon party, a party on a secret location. That night, the friends visit a Dutch bar, where they witness the breakup of two of their friends, Bobbie and Esmee. Ties meets a Dutch singer named Sacha  and falls immediately for her. The night after, Ties performs one of his songs at the same bar, but other Dutch men call him names and yell at them. A fight begins, and Hans is the one who ends up getting hurt. A few days later, the group finally finds the location of the Full Moon Party. Ties is surprised when he hears his own song, performed by Sacha, who stole the song. She invites him to sing the song with her. After the same Dutch men yell at him again and Sacha talks some courage into him, Ties decides to sing his song with her. Afterwards, they go to his room and make passionate love. However, they are spied on by Natasja, one of the group of friends, who is in love with Ties. She goes back to her room, where she finds comfort in her best friend, Steven. They end up making love as well. Meanwhile, Bobbie discovers that Esmee has taken off with Luc. Bobbie realizes he does not want to lose his girlfriend and he goes after them. Just in time, he arrives at the boat as Esmee is about to be raped by Luc. He knocks Luc unconscious and sails back to land with Esmee, where they start to make love too. When all the couples arrive at the boat, they find Andrea  knocking on her bedroom door, calling for her boyfriend Hans. When he will not open up, Ties breaks down the door, only to find his brother lying on the floor. They soon discover Hans took an overdose. With the help of Treesje, they are able pump his stomach and Hans awakens. The next day, it is time to leave Majorca and head back to Holland. Back in their own country, new couples have been made. Ties decides to go on tour with Sacha, while Treesje has hooked up with the nerd of the group, Rikki . Hans decides to stay on the boat for a year, trying to figure out what he really wants with his life. While everybody takes a seat in one of the cars, happy after the vacation ánd their new-found relationships, Andrea sits alone, not sure what to do. At the end of the movie, we see Hans at the boat, with some girls offering him coffee. Andrea shows up, meaning she gave up her rich and famous lifestyle to be with the man she loves.'] ['The film starts off indicating the parallels of the story with that of Adam & Eve. Here, Adam is Ranjeet, Eve is Sharda while the apple is Nirmala. Ranjeet is newly employed in a company, whose pay scales can be gauged from the fact that he goes to work on a bicycle. However, this bicycle itself brings him face-to-face with Sharda, when he bumps into her by accident. Sharda\'s bicycle gets badly damaged & Ranjeet drops her off. Th same evening, Ranjeet goes to the wedding of his friend , a co-worker & a poet. Sharda is also present at the ceremony. Sharda & Ranjeet\'s love blossoms from there & soon they get married. In the course of a few years, Ranjeet is Sales Manager of the company and father of a son. Sharda & Ranjeet are still living in marital bliss. That is, until Nirmala, Ranjeet\'s new secretary, shows up. Ranjeet is inexplicably attracted to Nirmala. She is an honest girl who is trying to make two ends meet. She is much more beautiful compared to Sharda. But most of all, she knows nothing about Ranjeet\'s true intentions & his married life. Ranjeet is initially upset with his thoughts about her, but finally gives in. He carefully plans his further steps. He pretends to be the helpless grieving husband of a cancer stricken wife, who won\'t live much longer. Nirmala feels sorry for him, thus making it easier for him to get close to her. Nobody, not Sharda, not even his closest friend, suspects a thing. One day, Ranjeet bluffs to Sharda that he will be late coming home as he has a meeting. He takes Nirmala out to dinner. Next day, Sharda finds Nirmala\'s handkerchief, with lipstick marks on it, in Ranjeet\'s pocket. She immediately confronts Ranjeet, who makes up a story about a co-worker whose handkerchief he may have accidentally taken. Sharda reluctantly believes him. Ranjeet decides to take his next steps more carefully. Sharda too starts thinking that her fears were unfounded. Ranjeet makes even more interesting back up plans: He prepares two books of poetry, professing his love. The poems are the same in both, only one book contains Nirmala\'s name, and the other contains Sharda\'s. Ranjeet courts Nirmala without Sharda\'s knowledge. The turning point comes when Sharda sees him in a hotel with Nirmala. She later asks him about his meeting, about which the clueless Ranjeet lies. Sharda\'s fears are confirmed. She starts spying on him & Nirmala, taking incriminating pictures. After sufficient evidence is obtained, she secretly meets Nirmala, posing as a journalist. Nirmala, who hasn\'t seen Ranjeet\'s "ailing wife" yet, thinks Sharda intends to blackmail her. But Sharda reassures her that she won\'t. Nirmala spills all the beans, upon which Sharda reveals her true identity. Meanwhile, Ranjeet gets another promotion & rushes home happily to tell his wife about it. Sharda catches him unawares and lets him know that he is busted. Ranjeet does not know what has hit him. He turns round, only to see Nirmala behind him. Sharda tells him that she is leaving him & the divorce papers will be soon sent to him. Sharda & Nirmala console each other. Ranjeet calls upon his friend & lies that Nirmala has said some malicious lies to Sharda about him. Ranjeet\'s friend sides with him & lies about Nirmala\'s character. Sharda exposes Ranjeet in front of him as well, with help of the evidence she has collected. Sharda tells Ranjeet to choose either her or Nirmala. Ranjeet quietly gives Nirmala some money & lies to her, in a last-ditch attempt at damage control. But honest Nirmala returns the money to Sharda, making things even worse for Ranjeet. Sharda prepares to walk out on Ranjeet, while Nirmala resigns and leaves Ranjeet as well. Sharda comes to visit Ranjeet one last time, when their innocent son asks what is happening. Sharda decides to give Ranjeet another chance, if only for their son and soon life comes back on track. But soon another secretary joins the office & Ranjeet tries to resort to his antics once more. Just by coincidence, Ranjeet\'s friend suddenly walks in & Ranjeet backs off, taking this as a warning.'] ["The peace and quiet enjoyed by the residents of the exclusive neighborhood of Rock Bay, Long Island is disturbed by a newspaper gossip column tidbit that one of their maids is writing a tell-all book about her employers. Since the author is not identified, each family fears that its secrets will be aired in public. Among those confused and distraught are Dr. Sommerfield  and his wife Sophia . Their teenage daughter Miranda , however, is thrilled. Their longtime cook Mrs. McKessic  arranges a meeting of the neighborhood servants, in which they decide to band together against the attempts by many of their employers to spy on them to learn who the writer is. The author is the Sommerfields' young maid Martha Lindstrom . She secretly visits her publisher, Joel Archer , to try to get him to stop planting stories in the newspapers to generate interest in the upcoming book. When the Sommerfields' son, Jeff , returns unexpectedly after a year and a half away studying the Eskimos, he introduces the family to his new fiancee, mathematician Sylvia Norwood ([[Frances Drake . This upsets Martha greatly, although she manages to hide it. It turns out that just before he left on his expedition, Jeff got drunk and married Martha. When he sobered up, he had second thoughts. As he had to leave almost immediately, he gave Martha money to get an annulment or a divorce. Unbeknownst to him, she did not do so, as she was in love with him. Instead, she took night classes to make herself more acceptable to his social class. Jeff is surprised to find her still working for his family. When he discovers they are still married, he insists she get the marriage dissolved so he can wed Sylvia. To complicate her life even further, both Archer and local Casanova and handyman Danny O'Brien  are strongly attracted to Martha. She is tempted by Archer, as Jeff shows no signs of returning her feelings for him. Finally, Archer crashes the Sommerfields' dinner party, and is provoked by the guests' harsh comments into stating first that he will be publishing the book and then that Martha is the author. After the last revelation, Martha flees with Archer in his car. Jeff realizes he loves her; he chases and catches her, and they are reconciled."] ["Monica Gokhale  works for Bombay Heritage Society under Khandar Zala . Her plans of revamping the city's old buildings go against Maharaja Hari Holkar . To stop Gokhale, Holkar has her kidnapped. However, she is rescued by Jolly Maker , an innocent and not so smart person. This not only brings fame to Maker, but also makes Holkar join hands with Zala to bomb the Secretariat building and recruit scientist Vishwas Atmavishwas Pinakin  for the same. Realizing their plan, Gokhale reveals her true identity and joins hands with Maker to stop the crooks from destroying the city."] ['In Monte Athena, Italy, young lovers Lysander  and Hermia  escape into the forest to escape the strict instructions from Hermia\'s father that she must be betrothed to Demetrius , another young man who loves her. Demetrius follows them, having been made aware of the plan by Helena , a young woman who is desperately in love with him. Once in the forest, they wander into the fairy world, ruled by King Oberon  and Queen Titania , two sparring local deities. Oberon and his servant sprite Puck  cause mayhem among the lovers with a magic potion that causes both Lysander and Demetrius to fall in love with Helena, leading to a rift between all four that culminates  in a mud-wrestling scene. Meanwhile, Oberon bewitches Titania with the same potion, causing her to fall in love with a local weaver and amateur actor, Nick Bottom , whom Puck has furnished with the head of an ass. Titania woos Bottom in her bower, attended by fairies. Oberon tires of the sport and puts all to rights, pairing Lysander back with Hermia and Demetrius with Helena, and reconciling with his own queen, Titania. In the final part, Bottom and his troupe of "rude Mechanicals" perform their amateur play, based on the tragedy of Pyramus and Thisbe, before Duke Theseus , his wife Hippolyta , and the court, unintentionally producing a comedy.'] ["Sanjana , an exceptionally clumsy woman, lives in Paris with her uncle  and is about to marry her love, Rahul . Rahul is about to go to India on a business trip and Sanjana insists on going with him, even though she has an intense fear of flying. When the plane is ready to take off, Sanjana's fear gets the best of her and she creates havoc on the plane, managing to get herself off the aircraft safely. A few days later, during Rahul's daily phone call to Sanjana, he blurts out that he has fallen in love with Nisha  and intends not to come back to Paris to marry Sanjana. Sanjana decides to fly to India and get Rahul back whatever the cost, including overcoming her fear of flying. As the plane is about to take off, a passenger named Shekhar  sits next to her. He realizes that Sanjana is scared of flying, so he diverts her attention by provoking her. During the flight, Sanjana accidentally spills a drink on Shekhar and realizes that he is hiding something. Shekhar goes to the toilet, and while inside he pulls a plant wrapped in a cloth out of his pocket. He unwraps the cloth covering the plant, revealing a diamond necklace that he had stolen from Paris. After returning to his seat, he slips the necklace into one of Sanjana's bags in order to sneak it by customs. After a chaotic journey, the plane lands in India. Sanjana's bags, however, are eventually stolen, and Shekhar decides to stay with her as a way of staying close to the necklace. Meanwhile, Police Inspector Khan  is after Shekhar for stealing the necklace. Shekhar and Sanjana end up in Shekhar's native village, where they participate in the festivities surrounding the wedding of Shekhar's sister. Shekhar falls in love with Sanjana but does not tell her. Meanwhile, Sanjana finds out that Shekhar wanted to earn money for the surgery of his nephew, who needs a heart transplant. She tells him that she has had the diamond necklace all along, while Shekhar promises to help Sanjana find Rahul. Rahul has gone to Palam Beach with Nisha, and Sanjana, still in love with Rahul, is determined to separate them. She and Shekhar go to Palam Beach and find Rahul and Nisha, and Shekhar pretends to be Sanjana's boyfriend to make Rahul jealous, all the while being careful not to reveal his true feelings to her. Sanjana, unfortunately, opts for another plot – acting as a rich heiress – and makes Rahul rethink his relationship with her. Shekhar and Sanjana are invited to Nisha's birthday party, where she announces that she and Rahul are engaged. Sanjana is shocked, and in a moment realizes that she has fallen for the brooding, intense Shekhar. However, she does not tell him, not knowing that he loves her as well. One day, Inspector Khan finds Sanjana and tells her that Shekhar has stolen the necklace, and that he wants it back without having to arrest him for theft. Sanjana, knowing how important the necklace is for Shekhar, gives it back to Inspector Khan but tells her boss in Paris to get all her francs, convert them to rupees, and give them to Shekhar. She then tells Shekhar that she sold the necklace, and that she has decided to return to France. After Sanjana leaves, Inspector Khan tells Shekhar what Sanjana did for him, and he rushes off to the airport to tell Sanjana of his love. He manages to stop her flight from taking off. Shekhar tells Sanjana he loves her, and she tearfully confesses that she loves him too. The two embrace on the plane in front of the cheering passengers."] ['Uma  lives in the city of Buenos Aires with her friend Roberto, who happens to be homosexual. She works as a flight attendant, and her job lets her travel all around the world and live an independent life without commitments. But she a has a dream to fulfill: to be a mother. Since she can\'t find the perfect man, thanks to her job, she decides to look for a sperm donor in different parts of world, but what she is looking for her child\'s father can\'t be found anywhere in the sperm banks. After being desperate and tired of not being able to complete her goal, she decides to look for the perfect man that has all the requirements she wants in a father, to leave her pregnant. Lucía  is Uma\'s best friend, divorced with a daughter called Violeta, and is always willing to give Uma a hand in whatever she needs. She manages a travel agency, in which a guide called Nico  works, and is Lucía\'s future husband. Nico is what everyone woman wants; handsome, intelligent, a good person and loves kids. All this characteristics make Uma choose him as the donor. But there is a complication, asking Lucía if she can borrow her boyfriend, to accomplish her dream. When Uma convinces Lucía, she agrees and then tells Nico, which after thinking about it agrees as well. Considering it as "simple donation" in which each person would later follow their own lives. But this simple transaction will bring problems after Uma gets pregnant, and the feelings that no one was waiting for appear, transforming the lives of each of the characters.'] ["This is a sex comedy film about Mimi , a young widow who discovers that her recently deceased husband kept a secret apartment for his kinky desires. Frustrated that he did not explore his sexual fantasies with his wife, she embarks on a quest to understand perversion and sexuality. She uses her late husband's apartment to seduce various men, each time learning more about the depths of human pleasure. Finally, lost to perversion and losing touch with her own identity, she meets the man who shares himself fully with her--accepting her for whomever she is."] ['The film tells the story of Jenny, a British teenager, who has left home for the first time and is going to college in Paris in the early 1960s. Soon she is smitten by a local Parisian. Although he is a romantic guy, Jenny wants him to prove his love by reciting a few lines to her from Romeo and Juliet, something he finds a tad idiotic. Jenny is crushed when he outright refuses, but later prevails. From then on she runs into situation after situation in dealing with her crazy friends, a few other young men who find her attractive and, lastly, her French host family headed over by a strict Madame Paroche who is none too pleased to see Jenny having any sort of social life whatsoever.'] ["Karthik  is a lazy, jobless, upper middle-class guy and the only son of his father who is a bank manager , hanging around always with his friends, an auto driver Kumar ([[Santhanam , a tea-shop owner Shekar  and a traffic constable Vishnu . Over-ambitious in his life, he always wants the best of everything in his life, from pens and clothes to every other accessories, and has made it a rule to try out everything before zeroing in on one. Now wanting to choose his best life partner, he applies the same method and decides to select three girls, whom he would romance at the same time and make to fall in love with him, then reject two of them and finally marry the third one. He comes across Jyothi , an athlete, living in the poorer area of Chennai, who has reservations against men and slaps a guy for touching her inappropriately and is Karthik's first choice. Karthik later attends a marriage, where he meets Priya , a girl, who strongly believes in traditional and cultural values and has the policy of loving and marrying only one boy in her life, Karthik's second candidate. The third one Karthik selects is Tejaswini , a rich and arrogant girl, heir to Rs. 1,500 crores, who once had a failed love attempt in her life. Vishal enters their lives, woos them with lies and finally wins their hearts. The girls don't know the fact that Karthik is romancing three girls simultaneously and entirely trust him. One day, thanks to her caring and understanding father , who doesn't want his daughter to sustain one more love failure, Tejaswini gets to know about Karthik's plans and intentions and confronts him. Karthik dumps her and continues to romance Jyothi and Priya, while Tejaswini vows to take revenge on him. Without revealing her own and Karthik's true identity and intentions, she befriends the other two girls and gives advice to each, how to quicken the progress to get married soon, trying to put Karthik under pressure and blow his cover. Soon Jyothi gets to know the truth, wherefore he also rejects Jyothi and settles down with Priya as his future wife, who was responsible for Karthik's change of mind as he has now learnt the value of true love and realizes his mistakes. However, as Jyothi's brother, Anbalazhagan , a rowdy confronts Karthik that he has betrayed Jyothi, Karthik himself reveals the truth about himself, his intentions and the other girls to Priya, who was with him. Downheartedly she leaves Karthik, who is being beaten up by Anbalazhagan and his gang. Karthik then causes a traffic accident, getting himself tangled and injured in the accident, and gets admitted in a hospital, where Dr.Ramya ([[Sneha  comes for his treatment. He pretends to have lost his memory due to the accident in order to arouse compassion in Priya, eventually indeed succeeding in his plan as Priya returns and reunites with him, believing that he has forgotten the past and would turn over a new life."] ["Katya Morgan is a rich, pampered heiress who spends her days shopping, partying, and chasing guys... until she is disinherited from the family fortune by her father. With no money to her name, and no job skills, Katya takes a job as a maid at the plush swank Royal Palmetto hotel in Scottsdale, Arizona. But when she falls for Alex Sheridan, the general manager of the hotel where she works, Katya learns that getting what you don't want can sometimes be the best reward of all."] ['Rukmini  is well into her 40s and still unmarried. She lives with her orphaned niece, Padmini , and together they device a scheme to entrap wealthy men, like Monty , relieve them of their money, abandon them, and move on to better targets. They do succeed for quite a while, assuming various disguises, and names, amassing a fortune, until Padmini falls in love with one of her targets, a young man named Raghu , and decides to call it quits. An unstable Rukmini, who owes money to Monty, decides she cannot go it alone and concocts a scheme that will force Padmini to give up on Raghu and re-join forces with her to go on philandering unsuspecting wealthy men.'] ["Sher Singh a.k.a. Shekhar([[Govinda , a struggling movie scriptwriter, is in love with a temperamental girl Nisha . However, Nisha's wealthy father arranges her marriage to his friend's son Vicky . Sher Singh rushes home in response to a telegram to find that his marriage has been arranged with a local girl, Sweetie , in return for his sister's marriage to Sweetie's brother. Since Sher's sister has a lame foot, this may be her only chance of finding a good husband. For his sister's sake, therefore, Sher gets married to Sweetie and returns to Mumbai. Meanwhile, Nisha refuses to marry Vicky and is ready to kill herself. To pacify Nisha, her father forces Sher to get married to her. Sher doesn't get a chance to explain about his first marriage. However, after the wedding, he confesses to Nisha's father that he is already married. Nisha's father advises Sher not to tell her anything. Meanwhile, Vicky goes crazy and attempts to kidnap Nisha. In the ensuing struggle, Nisha's father is killed, and then Vicky seemingly dies in an accident; so, Nisha never gets to learn the truth about Sher's bigamy. Sher Singh leads a double life and has one son with each wife. The two sons, Tuktuk and Tony, are exact lookalikes. As the boys get admitted to the same school, they, as well as their mothers, become friends. Since Sher Singh goes by the name of Shekhar while in Mumbai, he manages to convince his wives that there are two people-- Sher Singh and Shekhar-- bearing a remarkable resemblance. His sons, meanwhile, suspect that something is wrong because of their similarities and keep investigating. When it almost seems like the truth will be out, there is a surprise element in the entry of a second Shekhar with exactly the same face, who claims to be Nisha's husband. Now, Sher Singh can neither confess to being a bigamist nor sit silently, as a stranger stays with his wife Nisha. Meanwhile, he is implicated in a murder as well. Finally, it turns out that Vicky is not actually dead, as presumed, and has undergone facial reconstruction to have the same face as Sher Singh. After a lot of slapstick, all ends well."] ['{{Plot}} In Ancient Egypt, Ema "Emmy" Hasure hides in a pyramid from her mother, who wants her daughter to marry against Emmy\'s will. Emmy prays for the gods to get her out of this mess, and the gods answer Emmy\'s prayers; she travels through time, on a hunt for true love. Philadelphia, 1987; when young mannequin-manufacturer, Jonathan Switcher, loses himself in his work with a particular model of mannequin , he is fired. Jonathan finds odd jobs; yet none of these jobs work out because his sculptor background makes him less than ideal for them. While on a moonlight walk with his girlfriend Roxie Shield, Jonathan sees the mannequin he created  in the window of Prince & Company, an upscale department store. The next morning, Jonathan waits outside the store. He saves the manager, Claire Timkin, from being crushed to death. The grateful Claire hires Jonathan under protest from Vice-President Richards, who assigns Jonathan to be a stock boy. In his spare time, Jonathan hits it off with flamboyant window dresser Hollywood Montrose who has been working with Jonathan\'s mannequin. That night, Hollywood and Jonathan construct a window display. They have a run-in with the store\'s night security chief, Captain Felix Maxwell, and his cowardly bulldog Rambo. When Jonathan is alone with her, the mannequin he is obsessed with comes to life as Emmy . The next morning, Jonathan tells Roxie about Emmy. She does not believe him. Jonathan\'s window-dressing for Prince & Company attracts large audiences, including Roxie and, unfortunately, B.J. Wert, president of Illustra, a rival department store. It is revealed that VP Richards is a corporate spy for Wert. At their next board meeting, Richards wants to fire Jonathan , but Claire points out that Jonathan\'s designs are increasing sales for the store. Richards proposes to sell Prince & Company to Illustra for 10% of the former\'s value, but Claire refuses. The other board members promote Jonathan to visual merchandising. Emmy and Jonathan\'s relationship snowballs over the following week. Every night, she helps him and Hollywood create window displays which dazzle everyone at Prince & Company and which, ultimately, makes the store famous throughout Philadelphia. Both dressers still have to deal with Captain Maxwell and Roxie – the latter of whom also has to deal with Armand , another Illustra employee who keeps angling for sex with her. One morning, Maxwell is caught sleeping on the job by Claire, who fires him for this. VP Richards sticks up for Maxwell, but succeeds only in getting himself fired also. Claire promotes Jonathan to vice-president. Meanwhile, the window designs are still bringing in a tremendous amount of profits and customers for Prince & Company, at Illustra\'s expense. Armand sneaks into Prince & Company at night and takes pictures of Emmy. The jealous Wert sees the pictures and calls in Richards. They plan to steal Emmy – not knowing that she is alive – and put her on display at Illustra. Jonathan takes Emmy for a ride on his motorcycle. Roxie offers Jonathan work at Illustra, but he already has a job; moreover, he and Emmy are in love. Maxwell and Richards break into Prince & Company. They search for Emmy but cannot tell her apart from all the other mannequins, so they wind up stealing every mannequin in the store. The next morning, Hollywood and Jonathan discover what has happened to Emmy. They dash to Illustra and look around for her. When Wert offers Jonathan Richards\' old job, Jonathan suspects the truth and turns him down. Roxie storms out of the office, swearing that Jonathan will never lay eyes on Emmy ever again. Jonathan chases Roxie into an "employees only" area of the store. He is pursued by a dozen security guards, including Maxwell who has a new attack dog named Terminator. The dog completely ignores Jonathan. Roxie loads Emmy and all the other stolen mannequins into a trash incinerator. Jonathan is cornered by Maxwell\'s security team, but Hollywood assist by bombarding the guards with a fire hose. Jonathan charges up the trash incinerator\'s conveyor belt to rescue Emmy. She comes to life in his hands; the machine\'s operator, upon seeing this happen, hits an "Emergency Stop" button. Maxwell and his fellow guards rush in, followed by Wert, who attempts to have Jonathan arrested for trespassing. Then Claire walks in with a VHS tape from her newly-installed CCTV system. Wert attempts to seduce Claire, who rebukes him, and Richards and Maxwell are arrested for breaking and entering, conspiracy, and grand theft. Seeing Emmy alive, Maxwell questions his own sanity; the police drag him away to a mental hospital. Wert\'s final act as president of Illustra is to fire his whole staff, including the treacherous Roxie. Claire, who now owns Illustra as well as Prince & Company, promotes Hollywood to manage the former. Emmy and Jonathan are married in the shop window of Prince & Company, with Claire as a bridesmaid, and with Hollywood as best man. Looking on, the entire Prince & Company family congratulate them.'] ["Eddie Crane, a young composer, is struggling with a tune he's just written. When his girlfriend, Dixie Donegan, provides words almost by accident, the song is published and is a great success. A few years later, now married and successful songwriters with a hit Broadway show behind them, Dixie realises that Eddie is spending more time in rich New York society than composing. They divorce, but quickly realise they are still in love and can't do without each other. They remarry and write more successful songs, but then Eddie goes off to South America, ostensibly to get inspiration to write a symphony. Dixie again seeks a divorce, but the canny judge refuses to grant it. Eddie returns and they realise that despite all, they're still in love."] ["Eddie  is trained killer for the Eliminator Corp, a shadowy government organization dedicated to wasting society's undesirables. Since he is a devout Catholic, he reconciles his beliefs and career choice by taking a vow of celibacy. Sensing that her underling could use some fun, Eddie's boss -- known only as Middleman  -- sets him up on a blind date with no-nonsense Lois Newton . The tenacious Lois is struck by the gloomy loner and sets about trying to break Eddie's vow of chastity and his homicidal line of work. In the process, Eddie begins to rethink his life, much to the dismay of Middleman and his work associates. Jason Alexander, Michael Gilio, and Ed Asner co-star in this debut effort by writer-director Dwayne Johnson-Cochran. Love and Action in Chicago premiered at the 1999 Toronto Film Festival."] ['Gus Kubicek  is a depressed and overweight cartoonist who recently won a battle against Hodgkin’s disease. His caring sister Lizzie Pots , a nosy romance novelist, responds to his sadness by trying to set him up with a suitable woman. Yet to do so she must make him seem more dynamic and attractive. When Gus falls in love with Emily , he adopts the persona of Lobo Marunga, a leather-clad biker from New Zealand.'] ['After World War I, in Monte Carlo a girl lures back the Russian one-time aristocrat who broke the bank, and makes him poor; however, she falls in love with him and follows him.'] ['Jesse Reilly was released from prison and he is to be married to Hope. Shortly before the wedding he is involved in a bank robbery with his friends Buzz Thomas, Teddy Pollack and Billy Phillips. It escalates to a hostage crisis, and the FBI is called. In an exchange of fire, a few men are shot. Hope and Jesse are then rescued by John G. Coleman in a helicopter. In the last scene, Jesse and Hope are shown raising their son.'] ['Michael J. Fox plays camp counselor Dennis Baxter, who works at a boys\' summer camp called Camp Pinewood, located in Clifton, Maine. He falls in love with the new camp nurse Rhonda  and spends the summer trying to convince her to leave her fiancee for him. Baxter\'s campers include the slick-talking Jerry Disbro, the sensitive writer Brian, the baseball star Bobby, the overweight comedian Toby, and the shy Timmy Mezzy who is afraid of the water and wants to run away. The camp is run by \'Big Irv\' Klopper and his wife Margo. Baxter\'s arch-rival is fellow counselor Ike, who is much more serious about his job than Baxter. Maintenance man Walter carries around a red-stained axe and is rumored to be a murderer. As the summer progresses, Timmy makes friends with the other kids and stops trying to run away. Eventually he learns to swim and enters a swimming race in the annual Color War competition. Jerry, who is on the opposite team in the Color War, tells Timmy the story of "Tough Break Thompson", a camper who supposedly drowned after conquering his fear of water at the camp. Timmy panics during the swimming event when Jerry says "Timmy - tough break!" to him right before the race. Later, Jerry apologizes and the kids learn that their friendship is more important than the winner of the Color War, and the Color War is declared a tie. The climactic moment of the movie occurs when a camper shouts "Timmy Mezzy\'s swimming the lake!" and the whole camp runs to watch Timmy swims across the lake, finally conquering his fear of water. Walter is also revealed to be a painter who uses his axe to create art. At the end of the summer, Baxter is offered the job of head counselor for the following year, having been chosen over Ike. Rhonda and Baxter end up together.'] ['A dysfunctional and sometimes violent romance between Mathieu , a middle-aged, wealthy Frenchman, and a young, impoverished and beautiful flamenco dancer from Seville, Conchita, played by Carole Bouquet and Angela Molina. The two actresses each appear unpredictably in separate scenes, and differ not only physically, but temperamentally as well. Most of the film is a "flashback," told by Mathieu; the framing, non-flashback story elements appear only at the start and end of the film. The movie opens with Mathieu travelling by train from Seville to Paris. He\'s trying to distance himself from his young girlfriend Conchita. As Mathieu\'s train is ready to depart he finds that a bruised and bandaged Conchita is pursuing him. From the train he pours a bucket of water over her head. He believes this deters her, but she sneaks aboard. Mathieu\'s fellow compartment passengers witness his rude act. These include a mother and her young daughter, a judge who is coincidentally a friend of Mathieu\'s cousin, and a psychologist who coincidentally is a dwarf. They inquire about his motivation for such an act and he then explains the history of his tumultuous relationship with Conchita. The story is set against a backdrop of terrorist bombings and shootings. Conchita, who claims to be 18 but looks older, vows to remain a virgin until marriage. She tantalizes Mathieu with sexual promises but never allows him to satisfy his sexual desire. At one point she goes to bed with him wearing what appear to be a pair of tightly laced canvas shorts, making it impossible to have sexual intercourse. Conchita\'s antics cause the couple to break up and reunite repeatedly, each time frustrating and confusing Mathieu. Eventually, Mathieu finds Conchita dancing nude for tourists in a Seville nightclub. At first he becomes enraged. Later, however, he forgives her and buys her a house. In a climactic scene, soon after moving into the house, Conchita refuses to let Mathieu in at the gate, tells him that she hates him, and that kissing and touching him make her sick. Then, to prove her independence, appears to have sex with a young man in plain view of Mathieu. After this, Conchita attempts to reconcile with Mathieu, insisting that the sex was fake and that her "lover" is in reality a homosexual friend. However, during her explanation, Mathieu beats her , causing her bandaged and bruised state seen earlier in the film. Just as the fellow train passengers seem satisfied with this story, Conchita reappears from hiding and dumps a bucket of water on Mathieu. However, the couple apparently reconciles yet again when the train reaches its destination. After leaving the train, they walk arm in arm, enjoying the streets of Madrid. Later in a mall in Paris, loudspeakers announce that a strange alliance of extremist groups intends to sow chaos and confusion in society through terrorist attacks. The announcement adds that several right-wing groups plan to counterattack. As the couple continues their walk, they pass a seamstress in a shop window mending a bloody veil. They begin arguing just as a bomb explodes, apparently claiming their lives.'] ["The film opens with Nora studying law and Mary shopping. They head to their home, Casa Bonita, for their father's birthday. While dancing with their father, he falls and dies. At the funeral they meet Gabe Dominguez, a half brother who resulted from an affair their father had years ago. At the reading of their father's will, they discover that they are bankrupt. Nora and Mary sell their house to Gabe, who lets them live with he and his wife, Olivia. They meet Olivia's brother, Edward, when he visits for lunch. During lunch, Olivia tells the sisters that they must move out of the house. Before they leave, their maid gives Nora a box left by their father. The two sisters go to East L.A. to live with their maternal aunt, Aurelia, where they are introduced to Bruno, their aunt's neighbor. Later, Nora opens the box from her father and finds letters addressed to Gabe. Nora decides to quit law school and get a job and tells Mary to finish college. Their aunt sells Mary's car and Prada purse . Edward arrives and gives Mary and Nora stuff from their old home, offering Nora a job in his law office - which she declines. Nora finds a job on her own, and on the bus ride to work she meets a woman who has been fired from her job as a maid. When Nora arrives at her new job she learns that her boss is Edward. Nora and Edward work together on the case for the cleaning ladies, wining a judgment when they discover that there has been a fraud with their payroll. Mary returns to college, where she meets and flirts with teaching assistant Rodrigo. She gets a ride home from him, directing him to her childhood mansion rather than her aunt's house in East L.A. They later share a kiss over lunch and, later still she admits that she no longer lives in the mansion, suggesting to Rodrigo that he buy her old house. Mary visits Bruno's house and make a deal that, if Bruno can make the aunt's backyard look good for a party dedicated to Mexican Independence Day, he can have a dance with Mary. On the day of the party, Bruno watches how Mary dances with Rodrigo. Bruno later declines Mary's offer of a dance to complete the decoration agreement. Edward later arrives at the party, finding Nora drunk on tequila. They go into the kitchen where they kiss. After that, Nora feels bad because she is not supposed to act like that and tells Edward that she needs to focus on her career. The next day Nora finds out that she has received a promotion, while Mary is shown to have slept with Rodrigo. When Rodrigo drops Mary at her aunt's home in the morning he tells her he is going to Mexico for a few weeks. When Nora asks Mary if loves Rodrigo, Mary tells her that she just wants to go back home and that Rodrigo can make that happen, for which Nora calls her a whore. Mary and Nora start to ignore each other. Nora quits Edward's law firm and opens a free legal service from her aunt's home. The sisters receive an invitation from Olivia to attend Edward's engagement party at their former home. When they arrive at the party they are welcomed lovingly by their former house staff. Mary and Gabe go their father's office - the one part of the house that Olivia has not remodelled - and Mary gives Gabe the letters from their father. Meanwhile, Nora tells Edward why she doesn't count on personal relationships. Mary sees Rodrigo at the party with another woman who turns out to be his wife. Rodrigo tells Mary that he did, indeed, take her recommendation to buy the house. Heartbroken, Mary leaves the party and tries to go home but has a traffic accident, sending her to the hospital. Gabe comes over to visit and reveals that he and Olivia split up. Mary returns home from the hospital in a wheelchair and neck brace. The next day, Mary goes over to Bruno's house, where he is shown teaching kids how to paint. They admit their feelings for each other and share a kiss. Edward arrives and tells Nora that they bought a house and presents her with the deed for her to co-sign and an engagement ring. The film ends with Nora and Edward's wedding and everybody celebrating."] ['Michael Ryan  is a high school student who receives an anonymous love letter. Michael is obsessed with Deborah Ann Fimple , the class beauty, and his best friend, Roger , convinces him that the letter is from her. However, he is totally oblivious that his friend Toni Williams  is in love with him. Michael writes Deborah Ann an anonymous love letter in return, and asks Toni to give it to her. Toni realizes the letter is poorly written and unromantic , so she rewrites it. Elizabeth Fimple , Deborah Ann\'s mother, discovers the letter. Her jealous police officer husband, Lou Fimple , sees her reading it. He steals the letter, and believes that his wife is having an affair. He suspects his neighbor  George Ryan . George also mistakenly reads the letter because Lou\'s wife is his night school teacher and it somehow ends up in his book. When George asks her about it he assumes she wants to have an affair with him despite the fact his wife and she are friends. Meanwhile Lou shows the letter to George\'s wife, Connie , and proposes that they expose the adulterers. Receiving no response from Deborah Ann, Michael writes a second letter, which Toni again rewrites. Michael experiences a series of wacky adventures with his friends throughout the summer. After Toni arranges a meeting between the two; He tells Deborah Ann that he wrote the love letters, and she finally agrees to a real date during which they are almost caught by Debbie\'s jock college "quasi boyfriend" Steve but Toni intervenes by pretending to seduce him and later ditches him. After a short while Michael realizes Deb is snobby and shallow, not like he expected her to be; they break up after his birthday party when he realizes he can\'t sleep with her as she intends for his birthday present. Eventually, Lou and Connie cannot control themselves at a bridge party: Lou assaults George, and Connie breaks down in front of her friends. When Lou confronts his wife about the letter, Deborah Ann overhears him reading the words and tearfully accosts her father for reading her private mail. Debbie runs to her rooms and cries, while both sets of parents make up after the misunderstanding with the letters. Michael also blasts his parents for reading his letter and invading his privacy. Just as the fall semester is about to start, Michael  realizes that Toni wrote the original love letter. He races to her home but is told that she has left for a study abroad program aboard a ship that will keep her away for a full year. Michael rushes to the dockyard after a brief scuffle with Steve, screaming his love for Toni. After shouting her love for him as the ship continues to sail away he dives into the water, but cannot reach the ship. Toni dives into the water, too. The lovers embrace in the water and kiss.'] ["Helen McCarter  and her husband Charles ([[Steve Harris , an attorney, had it all: money, success, and a fine home. Their lives were perfect—but they only looked perfect to the public. Helen is unemployed and Charles has been having multiple affairs. On their 18th anniversary, Helen awakens to find all of her belongings packed in a U-Haul truck with Charles kicking her out of the house in favor of Brenda , his young mistress, the mother of his two children. Helen kicks the U-Haul driver, Orlando  out of his truck and heads off to see her loud, sassy grandmother Madea , who takes her in and helps her get back on her feet, much to the dismay of Madea's brother Joe . Joe's son and Madea's nephew Brian  acts as Madea and Helen's attorney at trial when Charles and Brenda catch the women breaking into and vandalizing the mansion . Since Madea is a repeat offender, Judge Mablean Ephriam places her under house arrest and sets a $5,000 property or cash bond for Helen; meanwhile, Brian gets to the last straw with his drug-addicted wife Debrah  and kicks her out of their home. Helen learns to grow through her pain and is eventually ready to move on. Despite their rocky first encounter, she explores a second chance at love with Orlando . Their relationship blooms over the course of many months. Meanwhile, Jamison Milton Jackson  coerces Charles to be his attorney at his upcoming trial for shooting an undercover cop during a drug deal—and possibly bribe the judge in his favor. This forces the revelation that Charles received his money through drug deals and by buying off judges. During their divorce-court session, Helen decides to let Charles keep all the money and property provided that he pays Brian's attorney fees. She also wants Charles to pay for her mother's stay in the nursing home, since he was the one who forced her to put her mother there. Charles happily agrees. But Charles loses the shooting case; the jurors find Jamison guilty. As the bailiff leads the disgruntled Jamison out of the courtroom, Jamison snatches up the bailiff's gun and shoots Charles for failing to get him acquitted. Later, Orlando proposes to Helen, promising to take care of her and to love her forever. But before Helen can respond, she sees the shooting on the news and races to the hospital with Brian, where they run into Brenda. The doctor informs them that Charles was shot in the spine and could be paralyzed for life. When he asks if they should resuscitate him, Brenda quickly chooses to let him die but Helen, who is still Charles' legal wife, tells the doctors to do everything they can. Charles recovers, returns home with Helen, and resumes his verbal abuse of her. But Helen has had enough and retaliates for years of abuse in a few days. It is revealed that during Charles' hospital stay, Brenda cleaned out his bank account and left him, taking the children. The maid, Christina, left when Brenda didn't pay her, and all of Charles' friends turned their backs on him. Helen meets with Orlando and they argue when he learns she has moved back in with Charles and is looking after him; he angrily storms out of the diner. Charles finally realizes his mistakes and understands that Helen was the only one who truly cared about him, and he apologizes sincerely to her. She tends him through the grueling process of his recovery, and eventually he begins to walk again....during an emotional scene in church, in which Debrah, now clean-and-sober, reconciles with Brian and rejoins her family. Charles hopes he and Helen can start over, but during a family dinner she hands him her wedding ring and signed divorce papers and tells him she will always be his friend. She goes in search of Orlando, asks him to propose to her again, and when he does, she accepts. Orlando picks Helen up and carries her out of the factory as the screen fades to black."] ['The film opens at a school where a boy is picking on another boy. We see Gracie Hart as a child who beats up the bully and tries to help the victim , who instead criticizes her by saying he disliked her because he did not want a girl to help him. She promptly punches the boy in the nose and sulks in the playground. We go forward in time to when Gracie Hart  is working for the Federal Bureau of Investigation with Eric Matthews  as a Special Agent. She is on a mission when she does not follow orders from her superior and tries to stop their target from choking. Because of her actions, one of her squad gets shot, and she is put on a desk job. The bureau receives a threat against the 75th annual Miss United States beauty pageant in San Antonio, Texas, from notorious domestic terrorist "The Citizen". Eric is elected to lead the mission to stop the attack. A computer search identifies Hart as the female FBI agent best qualified to go undercover as a contestant, although she pays little attention to her femininity. Beauty pageant coach Victor Melling , whose reputation was ruined after his last contestant criticized his methods, teaches the tomboyish Hart how to dress, walk, and act like a contestant. She is unused to such behavior, however, and sees the pageant and its participants as "outdated and antifeminist". Representing New Jersey as "Gracie Lou Freebush", Hart impresses the audience by playing the glass harp and demonstrating self-defense techniques during the talent competition. She unexpectedly becomes friends with Frasier and the other contestants. Several suspects exist, including competition director and former pageant winner Kathy Morningside ; her unpleasant assistant Frank Tobin ; veteran emcee Stan Fields  who, like Morningside, is being replaced with a younger person; and Rhode Island\'s Cheryl Frasier , possibly a radical animal rights activist. The Citizen is caught elsewhere, but Hart is beginning to suspect Kathy Morningside and is worried about the safety of the girls. She gives up her badge and gun and continues the investigation alone. Matthews, after failing to support Hart, is about to leave for the bureau when he works out that Hart\'s suspicions were correct, and returns to help her. Hart surprises everyone, including herself, by becoming runner-up to Frasier. The agents discover that Morningside and Tobin&mdash;secretly her son&mdash;impersonated Citizen due to her old grudge against the contest, and are attempting to murder Frasier with a bomb in the title tiara. However, Hart and Matthews save the day. Hart\'s fellow contestants choose her as Miss Congeniality, and she starts a relationship with Matthews.'] ["The film follows the exploits of film actor Jack Noah , who is filming in the small, fictional South American country of Parador when the Paradorian President for Life suddenly dies of a heart attack. Not wanting to lose his position in power, the president's right-hand man, Roberto Strausmann  forces Jack to take the 'role of a lifetime' - that of the dead president, as the two men look so much alike. Jack accepts, eventually winning over the people and even the dead president's mistress, Madonna . However, when paradise proves to be too boring, Jack needs to find a way to get out while keeping Roberto out of the loop. The movie attempts to generate suspense by establishing that Jack Noah is in physical jeopardy so long as he remains in Parador. However, the film is told in flashback, with an opening scene establishing that Jack has returned to New York City."] ['Two platonic college friends  spend a weekend away together. Michaels is romanced by a member of the coast guard .'] ['Irma la Douce ["Irma the Sweet"] tells the story of Nestor Patou , an honest cop, who after being transferred from the park Bois de Boulogne to a more urban neighborhood in Paris, finds a street full of prostitutes working the at Hotel Casanova and proceeds to raid the place. The police inspector, who is Nestor\'s superior, and the other policemen, have been aware of the prostitutes but are tolerating them in exchange for bribes. The inspector, a client of the prostitutes himself, fires Nestor, who is accidentally framed for bribery. Kicked off the force and humiliated, Nestor finds himself drawn to the very neighborhood that ended his career with the Paris police - returning to Chez Moustache, a popular hangout for prostitutes and their pimps. Down on his luck, Nestor becomes close friends with Irma La Douce , a popular prostitute. He also reluctantly accepts, as a confidant, the proprietor of Chez Moustache, a man known only as "Moustache". (In a running joke, Moustache  After Irma dumps her pimp boyfriend, Nestor moves in with her, and he soon finds himself as Irma\'s new pimp. Jealous of the thought of Irma with other men, Nestor comes up with a plan to stop Irma\'s prostitution. But he soon finds out that it\'s not all that it\'s cracked up to be. He invents an alter-ego, "Lord X", a British peer who "becomes" Irma\'s sole client. Nestor\'s plans to keep Irma off the streets soon backfire and she becomes suspicious, since Nestor must work long and hard to earn the cash "Lord X" pays Irma. When Irma decides to leave Paris with the fictitious Lord X, Nestor decides to end the charade. Unaware that he\'s being tailed by Irma\'s former pimp, he finds a secluded stretch along the river Seine and tosses his disguise into it. The pimp, not having seen Nestor change his clothes, sees "Lord X"\'s clothes floating in the water, and concludes that Nestor murdered him. Arrested by the police, Nestor is advised by Moustache against revealing that Lord X was a fabrication. "The jails are full of innocent people because they told the truth," the barkeep claims. Following Moustache\'s advice, Nestor admits to having killed Lord X, but only because of his love for Irma. Hauled off to jail, but with Irma in love with him, Nestor is sentenced to 15 years\' hard labor. Learning that Irma is pregnant Nestor escapes from prison, with Moustache\'s help, and returns to Irma. He narrowly avoids being recaptured when the police search for him in Irma\'s apartment, but donning his old uniform Nestor simply blends in with the other police. With the help of Irma\'s ex-pimp, Nestor arranges for the police to search for him along the Seine from which, dressed as Lord X, he emerges. Knowing he can\'t be rearrested for a murder that the police now know didn\'t occur, Nestor rushes to church, where he plans to marry Irma. They barely make it through the ceremony before Irma delivers their baby. While Nestor and everyone else is occupied with Irma, Moustache notices one of the guests sitting alone in the front row. Rising from his seat and walking past Moustache, the guest is none other than Lord X! A clearly baffled Moustache looks at Lord X, and then at the audience. "But that\'s another story", he says.'] ['Hallam Foe is a teenage loner who lives on his father\'s large estate near Peebles. His hobby is spying on people from his tree house. Hallam is convinced that his stepmother  is responsible for his mother\'s death by drowning two years earlier. Hallam\'s sister leaves home to attend university and it becomes clear that Verity and his father want Hallam to move on as well. Hallam initially refuses due to his suspicion of Verity, but she uses his diaries first to have sex with him and then to blackmail him into leaving. To escape his father and stepmother, Hallam travels to Edinburgh. Upon arrival in Edinburgh, Hallam sees Kate, an administrator at the Balmoral Hotel, located in the city centre. Kate bears a striking resemblance to his late mother. He manages to persuade her to give him a job as a kitchen porter in the hotel. Hallam makes his home in the clock tower of the hotel because of its vantage point over Kate\'s home in a top flat, where he can spy on her. He also spies on Kate through a skylight on her roof, clambering over the roofscape to reach his vantage point. Hallam learns that another senior hotel employee  is having an extra-marital affair with Kate. Alasdair then discovers Hallam\'s lookout in the clock tower. Hallam attempts to blackmail Alasdair with the knowledge of his adultery, but Alasdair dismisses him. Hallam retaliates by finding Alasdair\'s wife and child and thereby demonstrating the ability, if he wishes, to inform her of the affair, which forces Alasdair to give him back his job. Hallam eventually works his way up to being a front-of-house porter at the hotel. On his 18th birthday, Kate invites Hallam to have a few drinks after work. Whilst drunk, Hallam reveals his continuing love for his late mother. This seems to fascinate Kate, as she "likes creepy guys". A complex relationship starts to build between Hallam and Kate from this point. Kate first invites him home with her that night, and when she attempts to seduce him, he begins to get uncomfortable and instead they sleep in the same bed. The next day he asks her on a date and she rejects him, but later she asks him to one of the hotel rooms and they have sex. When Hallam is watching Kate, Alasdair confronts her and begins to act violently. Hallam comes through the skylight to save her, which results in her finding out that he had been spying. She tells Alasdair to leave. She punishes Hallam by making him stand nude and explain to her why he was spying. She feels bad for him after he tells her about his mother and she lets him stay. She puts on the dress that Hallam keeps that used to be his mother\'s, and when Hallam sees her he cries, and they fall asleep together. Hallam\'s father and stepmother track Hallam down at this time because Hallam had reported his suspicions about his mother\'s death to the police in Edinburgh. They track him down because his father has run up significant debts and needs to develop some of the land on the estate, but Hallam is entitled to consultation under his mother\'s will. Hallam refuses to co-operate due to his suspicion of Verity. Hallam\'s hatred of Verity consumes him entirely, and he tries to drown her in the loch by his father\'s house. However, his humanity takes over and he revives her. Only at this point does his father reveal that he had made no attempt to prevent Hallam\'s mother from committing suicide. This revelation allows Hallam to realise that his anger is in fact with his mother for leaving him. This cathartic moment enables him to move on for the first time and we leave him happy and content walking the streets of Edinburgh.'] ["After the death of his dad, Dayashankar Pandey  arranges the marriage of his two sisters. In debt, he goes to the city to ask the tenants to leave his house, as he intends to sell it and repay his debts. A Maharashtrian woman, her two daughters, Jyoti, Saraswati , and one son, Chotu  are living there. When Dayashankar asks them to vacate, they refuse. What results is Dayashankar's hilarious attempts to force them to vacate - from seeking legal advice; filing police reports; asking goons to remove them - moving in himself. Will Dayashankar succeed in his attempts to evict his tenants?"] ['The romantic comedy The Seat Filler stars Duane Martin as a law student working very hard to keep his head above water financially. He takes a job as a seat filler at a big awards function where he meets a famous singer . She believes he works in show business and he does nothing to disabuse her of this notion. That leads to him having to go to larger and larger measures to keep his lie going when their relationship continues.'] ["The film takes place in 1953. Larry Lipinsky is a young Jewish boy from Brooklyn, New York, who has dreams of stardom. He moves to Greenwich Village, much to the chagrin of his extremely overprotective mother. Larry ends up hanging out with an eccentric bunch of characters while waiting for his big break. He has group of tight-knit friends, which includes a wacky girl named Connie; Anita, an emotionally distraught young woman who constantly contemplates suicide; Robert, a young WASP who fancies himself a poet; and Bernstein, a gay man. All the while, he tries to maintain a stormy relationship with Sarah, his girlfriend. This band of outsiders becomes Larry's new family as he struggles as an actor and works toward a break in Hollywood."] ['Nineteen year old Charles  is a highly sexed and precociously intelligent teenager about to attend Oxford University. Before he does he intends to use all his charm and intelligence to seduce a beautiful American girl, Rachel . Charles becomes completely besotted by Rachel, and after numerous rebuffs he eventually forges a friendship with her. Things become complicated, however, and his strategy becomes threatened. Rachel already has a boyfriend, DeForest ; however, he is a control freak who does not treat her particularly well. With help from his sister Jenny, his lunatic brother-in-law Norman  and best friend and big brother mentor Geoff , Charles eventually manages to lure Rachel away from DeForest, and his father Gordon  is impressed with Charles\' new quarry; however, as the unlikely relationship develops, Charles discovers that his seemingly "perfect" woman has numerous dislikeable habits and personality traits, just like all of the other "lesser" girls he has previously seduced. Irritated by some of Rachel\'s habits, Charles grows bored and is seduced by, and later sleeps with, his old flame Gloria , ending his relationship with Rachel, who subsequently moves to New York. Charles still ends up going to Oxford University, but he does not enjoy his life there, feeling that his life is missing something following the end of his relationship with Rachel. She and Charles accidentally meet up again in a museum there and spend the whole day together, but at the end, Rachel kisses him only on the cheek, and leaves. We hear Charles in voiceover saying that he tried to remember William Blake\'s quotation about love being eternal, so that he could say it to Rachel, but was unable to. Charles then finally realises, all too late, that he had in fact fallen genuinely in love with Rachel while he was with her and regrets his actions, but is forced to face the reality that he has now probably lost her forever.'] ['Barry Munday , a lonely womanizer, wakes up after being attacked to realize that he\'s missing his family jewels. To make matters worse, he learns he\'s facing a paternity lawsuit filed by a woman, Ginger , he can\'t remember having sex with. Though unintentional, the two discover that their meeting and subsequent "accidents" opened up new opportunities for personal growth and relationships.'] ['The story follows a girl named Jessica and her attempt to get into Ramsey College, a fictional college in Pennsylvania, and Marlon, a boy who tries to get into Ramsey to pursue Jessica, whom he is in love with. The film starred Anthony Edwards as an admissions counselor at Ramsey, Corey Parker as Marlon, and Lara Flynn Boyle as Jessica.'] ['The story begins at an airport, when Rotlu, Jiggy, Bombs and Shaleen offer to tell Mala, Jiggy\'s friend & crush, the tale of Jai and Aditi, a love story with joys and sorrows, happiness and heartbreaks, laughter, songs and fights, and...a climax at the airport. Mala is initially uninterested in the story, and hates loves stories in general, but still agrees to listen as the flight carrying the friends they have come to receive is late. Meet Jai Singh Rathore, a.k.a. ‘Rats’, the most non-violent Rajput ever. Meet Aditi Mahant, aka ‘Meow‘, a highly aggressive, impulsive girl. She abuses. She scratches  Ride a horse. They tell him that his father was a brave man and fought heroically with his enemies but died while doing so. Jai realizes that his mother had lied to him by claiming that his father was a non-violent person who died while trying to stop someone\'s fight. Unaware of all this, Aditi makes her way to the international airport for departure to USA. Bhaloo and Bhageere, who are sons of an MLA, use their influence to get Jai free, following which, Jai rides a horse, borrowed from his cousin, and heads towards the airport to stop her. Thus, Jai fulfills all the three conditions to become a man in Rathore Clan, causing dismay to Jai\'s mother and delight to spirit of Jai\'s father, as it had challenged Jai\'s mother that Jai will fulfill the conditions some day. He jumps over the security booths and runs, seeking for Aditi, while the Airport security chases him, supposing him to be a terrorist who ran away from security checks. He finds Aditi and sings the song - "Jaane tu ya jaane na" for her, which is the same song that Jai had said in the beginning he\'d sing for the love of his life. Aditi, delighted, hugs him and cancels her US trip. Airport security cop Inspector Prakash, on finding that Jai is not a terrorist, lets him go, but with a warning. Rotlu, Jiggy, Bombs and Shaleen conclude the story and welcome Jai and Aditi, just returning from their honeymoon, at the airport. Mala gets extremely delighted to see them and introduces herself as Jiggy’s girlfriend and they leave the airport together.'] ["Home Delivery is the story of how it takes just a single day to change a person's outlook on life forever. Sunny Chopra  is a 28-year-old writer who has carved a name for himself as a popular agony uncle, named Gyan Guru, writing for the Times of Hindustan. Sunny also managed to bag a prestigious screenplay writing project for the most happening film director, Karan Johar. A bit of a cynic, he believes he is a self-made man and that whatever he has achieved in life is due to his own hard work and nobody else's. His cynicism is extended to his views about marriage to his fiancée Jenny  and to the festival of Diwali too. Just as Sunny is cynical about life, Michael Burnett  is optimistic about it. 51-year-old Michael is a simple-minded man, almost childlike and has recently landed job as a pizza delivery boy at Mummy's Pizza. Michael has sort of an inclination to lose every job he has ever had in two days flat. This time, however, he vows to keep this one no matter what. On the eve of Diwali, Sunny has loads of stuff to do and very little time to do it. He has to meet his screenplay deadline, he has to get rid of Pandey , his irritatingly intrusive next door neighbor, and he's got to avoid his editor's telephone calls who is livid that he's bunking work. But more importantly he needs to get Jenny out of the way because he has a date with Maya , a South Indian superstar who he has been in love with since as long as he can remember. In this confusion, Sunny forgets that there is no food in his bachelor pad and orders a pizza that Michael is given the task of delivering. And what Michael delivers to Sunny is so much more than just a pizza. Sunny is home delivered life's simple lessons – right to his doorstep."] ["Diary of a Tired Black Man is both a narrative dramatic-comedy that is also combined with documentary footage shot across the country. The scripted narrative portion centers around James  and his wife Tonya , and James' struggle to deal with his wife's outbursts of anger and antagonistic behavior. The documentary portion of the film follows Tim Alexander as he goes around getting feedback, opinions and commentary from real-life African-American men and women in various cities across the United States about the challenges they deal with in their marriages and dating relationships."] ["Wishing to pursue a career as a jazz saxophonist, Pete Hammond Jr.  takes a bus from his home in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, to New York City and optimistically begins looking for work. However, jobs are extremely hard to find. He crosses paths with Peggy Brown , a model and dancer who has become jaded and cynical after years of struggling to survive in the city. She has just been evicted from an apartment rented to Pete, and because she is penniless and has no home to return to, he offers to let her stay with him. She is forced to rely on his generosity, and as the two of them work at various low-paying jobs, they stay together in the apartment as friends. Peggy warns him that people can't be trusted, but Pete is encouraged when a band auditions him for a job. When the other musicians send him out for beer, Pete returns to find that they have stolen his instruments and that he is the victim of a scam. When Pete finds a part-time job on a cruise ship, he writes to Peggy every day. She is in debt to an abusive club owner, Nelly Miller , who strips Peggy of her dress and jewelry as a down payment and threatens her with violence. In love with Peggy and afraid for her, Pete gives up his wristwatch and saxophone to Nelly, who punches him as a further warning. Pete tells Peggy he loves her, so she agrees to tentatively begin a romantic relationship."] ['In Ankert University, California, Alisha  is the most beautiful girl on campus with plenty of admirers. Awkward, nerdy Abhay  is in love with her, although she is unaware of his existence. One night Alisha is partying with her friends and accidentally falls into a river. Abhay jumps in and rescues her from drowning, but her friends take her away before she regains consciousness. Abhay is further prevented from seeing Alisha the next day when her outraged father comes to the college and removes her from college. Abhay nurses dreams of Alisha for seven years as he moves on with his life. He invents a revolutionary software program that cross integrates every existing operating system. However, when he tries to sell it, he discovers that unscrupulous software salesman Siddharth \'Siddhu\' Singh  has copied the software without his knowledge and is marketing it to a Singapore firm as his own invention. Abhay journeys to Singapore to confront Siddhu, but sees Alisha at the company headquarters where she works as its PR representative. Still besotted, he follows her home and due to a misunderstanding she mistakes him for a nanny she was expecting from an employment agency. She is now divorced with a small daughter by the name of Tanya, and in search of a nanny, therefore Abhay decides to become Tanya\'s nanny and keeps his identity a secret in order to stay close to Alisha. Abhay takes care of her house and Tanya with lots of difficulties, and Tanya nicknames him "Froggy" because of his nerdy looks. Eventually they get along really well. Things become complicated when Siddhu shows up trying to romance Alisha and sells the stolen software to her company. Abhay finds out that Siddharth\'s real name is Varun Sanghvi and tries to hide from Varun even while he grows closer to Alisha; she confides in Abhay and he dresses her up in glasses and old clothes to show her how differently people are treated when they appear to be unattractive. Alisha feels sorry for Abhay. As the launch date for the software approaches, Abhay is unmasked by Varun who claims he is a delusional stalker. Alisha is angry that he lied and orders Abhay out of the house without giving him a chance to explain. However, she finds out from her daughter that Abhay is the mysterious person who rescued her in college; she also realizes that when Abhay told her about the girl he loved in college for seven years, he was talking about her. Alisha finds Abhay and apologizes to him saying that she has fallen in love with him. Abhay then tells her that he was the one who created the software for which Varun is taking all the credit. They rush to the software launch to stop Varun who is easily discredited when he doesn\'t know the password to Abhay\'s software. Abhay is able to prove that it is his creation.Abhay makes Alisha realise that her name is the password:A-L-I-S-H-A. Alisha and Abhay happily lives with Tanya now.'] ["Miranda Presley is an aspiring singer/songwriter from New York City who loves country music and decides to take her chances in Nashville, Tennessee, where she hopes to become a star. After arriving in Music City after a long bus ride, Miranda makes her way to the Bluebird Cafe, a local watering hole with a reputation as a showcase for new talent. The bar's owner, Lucy, takes a shine to the plucky newcomer and gives her a job as a waitress. Before long, Miranda has gotten to know a number of other Nashville transplants who are looking to land a gig or sell a song, including sweet and open-hearted Kyle Davidson, moody but talented James Wright, and spunky Linda Lue Linden. As the four friends struggle to find their place in the competitive Nashville music scene, both Kyle and James display a romantic interest in Miranda, but she is drawn to James in spite of his moody temperament. Miranda pursues James, and they end up getting married, but they soon realize marriage takes work. James leaves Miranda behind to make his album, what he always wanted to do, but realizes he left his heart with her. The film has an open ending, but we are led to believe she stays with James."] ['Regina "Reggie" Lampert, on a skiing holiday in Megève, decides to divorce her husband Charles and then meets a charming stranger, Peter Joshua. When she returns to Paris, her apartment is completely empty and the police notify her that Charles has been murdered while leaving Paris. They give Reggie his travel bag, containing a letter addressed to her, a ticket to Venezuela, passports in multiple names, and other items. At the funeral, Regina notices three odd characters who show up to view the body. One sticks the corpse with a pin and another places a mirror in front of the body\'s mouth and nose, both to verify Charles is really dead. Reggie is summoned to meet CIA administrator Hamilton Bartholomew at the U.S. Embassy. She learns that the three men are "Tex" Panthollow, Herman Scobie, and Leopold W. Gideon. As part of the OSS  during World War II, they were parachuted behind enemy lines together with Charles Lampert and a fifth man, Carson Dyle. Ordered to deliver $250,000 in gold to the French Resistance, they stole it instead. Dyle was fatally wounded in a German ambush, and Charles doublecrossed the others and took all the gold. The three men want the missing money, and the U.S. government wants it back. Bartholomew insists Reggie has it, even if she does not know where it is. Peter tracks Reggie down and helps her move into a hotel. The three criminals separately threaten Reggie, each convinced she knows where the money is. After Scobie informs Reggie that Peter is in league with the trio , Peter tells her that he is Alexander Dyle, and that he is convinced his brother Carson was murdered by the other three. As the hunt for the money continues, first Scobie is found murdered, then Gideon. The police grow increasingly exasperated. Reggie falls in love with Alex. When she learns from Bartholomew that Carson Dyle had no brother, Alex says he is really Adam Canfield, an unabashed professional thief. Although she is frustrated by his dishonesty, Reggie still finds herself trusting him. Reggie and Adam go to the location of Charles\'s last appointment and find an outdoor market. They also spot Tex there. Adam follows him. It is Tex who finally figures out where the money is hidden. He sees booths selling stamps to collectors and realizes Charles must have purchased rare stamps and stuck them on an envelope in plain sight, the letter in his travel bag. Adam realizes the same thing and races Tex back to Reggie\'s hotel room. But the stamps are gone: Reggie had given them to her friend\'s little boy, Jean-Louis, for his collection, and he has taken them to the market to trade them. Reggie now also realizes the stamps\' significance and Jean-Louis finds the stamp trader. Fortunately, he is honest. He puts their total value at $250,000 and returns them to Reggie.  When she returns to the hotel, she finds Tex murdered as well &mdash; and while dying, he wrote the name "Dyle". Figuring he meant Alexander Dyle, a frightened Reggie telephones Bartholomew, who arranges to meet her. When she leaves the hotel, Adam spots her and gives chase through the streets of Paris and the subway. At the rendezvous, Reggie is caught out in the open between the two men. Adam tells her that "Bartholomew" is the murderer &mdash; he is really Carson Dyle, who was only wounded by the Germans.  After another chase, Adam kills Dyle to save Reggie. When Reggie insists on turning the stamps over to the authorities, Adam refuses to accompany her. When she goes in, she is shocked to find that Adam is actually Brian Cruikshank, the government official responsible for recovered property. After proving his true identity, he promises to marry her... once she gives him the stamps. The movie ends with a split-screen grid showing flashback shots of all of Brian\'s different identities, while Reggie says she hopes that they have lots of boys, so they can name them all after him.'] ['Julie Richman  is a Valley Girl who seems to have it all: good looks, popularity, and a handsome Valley dude boyfriend, Tommy ([[Michael Bowen . However, she has grown tired of Tommy\'s lack of respect and arrogance towards her. At the end of a shopping trip with her friends, Loryn , Stacey , and Suzi , Julie runs into Tommy and breaks up with him, returning his I.D. bracelet. Later that day at the beach, Julie spies a handsome young man, and the two trade shy glances at each other. That night, at the party at Suzi\'s house, Julie locks eyes with Randy , a Hollywood punk who has crashed the party with his friend, Fred . They hit it off well, especially after Julie learns that Randy was the young man she had seen at the beach earlier, but a jealous Tommy, who had tried to bed Loryn earlier, and his cronies violently expel Randy and Fred. Randy eventually returns to Suzi\'s house, sneaks inside, and hides in the bathroom, waiting for Julie to cross his path. When she does, he convinces her to leave the party with him. Julie brings a very reluctant Stacey along for the ride with Randy and Fred out of the valley and into Hollywood. While at Randy\'s favorite nightclub, Julie and Randy find their attraction to each other growing and share a kiss, as Stacey continually rebuffs Fred\'s advances. Julie\'s blossoming romance with Randy disgusts her friends, because Randy is a punk and not from the Valley. They threaten Julie with the loss of her popularity and their friendship if she continues to date Randy. Julie goes to her father , an aging 1960s era hippie, for advice. Mr. Richman kindly tells her that she should follow her heart, reminding her that it is what is inside a person that counts. Despite her father\'s sage advice, Julie caves to peer pressure and reconciles, albeit awkwardly, with Tommy, who puts his I.D. bracelet back on her wrist. That evening, Julie tearfully dumps Randy when he goes to visit her. Randy, realizing that Julie has given in to her friends\' wishes, curses at her and leaves. A heartbroken and drunk Randy later arrives at the nightclub, and ends up in the arms of his ex-girlfriend, Samantha . After a heated make-out session with Samantha, Randy feels even more miserable than before. He nearly gets into a fight with a gang of low riders before Fred saves him. Fred chides Randy for moping over Julie, but tells him that he needs to fight if he truly wants her back. Over the next few days, Randy flits about the Valley, trying to be where his path would cross Julie\'s. She seems covertly glad to see him, but is quite shaken when she catches him sleeping on the front lawn outside her window. Fred devises a plan that he dubs "simplicity at its finest," one that will both reunite Randy with Julie and achieve the "grandest form of retribution" against Tommy. As the girls make prom decorations, Stacey and Loryn chat over their post-prom plans. Stacey tells Loryn that Tommy had made a reservation at the Valley Sheraton Hotel, unbeknownst to Julie. The night of the Valley High junior prom, Tommy and Julie ride to the prom in a rented stretch limousine. Randy and Fred arrive shortly after and sneak backstage, watching the Valley High kids dancing to the music of Josie Cotton and the Party Crashers. Randy soon grows tired of just watching and demands to know if there is any more to Fred\'s plan, to which Fred says that there is nothing more, though the two vow to "crush that fly!" Julie and Tommy are now backstage, waiting to be introduced as king and queen of the prom. Randy confronts Tommy, and the two begin to brawl. When the prom king and queen are announced, the curtain pulls back to reveal Randy beating up Tommy. Randy knocks Tommy out, then escorts a thrilled Julie from the stage through the crowd. Tommy recovers and storms through the crowd towards Randy and Julie, who find themselves blocked in by the snack table. Tommy demands an explanation from Julie. She answers by smashing a platter of guacamole in his face. A food fight starts, from which Randy and Julie escape and take off in Tommy\'s rented limousine. As the happy couple ride into the night to the Valley Sheraton, Julie removes Tommy\'s I.D. bracelet and throws it out the window. The scene, which echoes the final scene of the film The Graduate, pans to the overview of the Valley, while the limo turns past the Sherman Oaks Galleria glowing in the night as the Modern English song "I Melt With You" closes out the film. A subplot involves Suzi and her stepmother, Beth , vying for the attention of Skip ([[David Ensor , the grocery delivery boy. At her party, Suzi tells Beth, who is chaperoning, about a boy that she likes and hopes likes her too. Beth soon notices a dark-haired boy to whom she finds herself attracted. The boy turns out to be Skip, the very boy that Suzi likes. Skip finds himself attracted to Beth and goes out of his way to go to see her without Suzi finding out; he even turns down an invite from Suzi to go to her house during an unsupervised slumber party because Beth is out on a date. One day, Skip enters Suzi\'s house, apparently looking for Beth. He goes upstairs and hears a shower running in Beth\'s bedroom. He finds that a woman is in the shower. Skip and this woman, whose face is not shown, are then shown making love. During this time, we see another woman coming home and going upstairs. The bedroom door opens, Beth enters, and only then it is shown that Suzi had been the woman in the shower and is now in bed with Skip. By the end of the film, Skip and Suzi go to the prom together.'] ['Charlie McKenzie is a beat poet living in San Francisco, after having broken up with yet another girl based on paranoid perception. His policeman friend Tony tries to point out the pattern; that Charlie simply is afraid of commitment and tries to think of, or invent, any reason to break up with someone. Things pick up again when Charlie meets a butcher named Harriet, and becomes infatuated instantly. After a while of driving near her workplace, he goes in and volunteers to help her out that day, and eventually a date ensues that evening, with him learning various factoids about her. He learns she used to live in Atlantic City, used to be involved with a trainer for Russian martial arts, and screams at someone named Ralph in her sleep. The next day she is gone when he awakes, but her sister Rose, with whom she lives, is there and tries to get to know him a bit. She then kindly warns him to be careful. Meanwhile, Tony begins losing his enthusiasm for his job on the police force, frustrated that there is no action or comparison to how they portray it on TV. He tries to get his chief to become more short tempered, as per the stereotype in movies, by taking on bigger jobs. Charlie comes to Tony begging him to act as a voice of reason for the times ahead, not wanting to get hung up or paranoid about anything he may find odd about her. Charlie and Harriet begin falling deeper in love; he finds that she gets along great with his friends, they have perfectly matched passions, so he takes her to meet his parents. His parents Stuart and May are flagrantly Scottish, and tend to believe in conspiracy theories themselves, at which Charlie scoffs. His mother relies on the Weekly World News to keep her factually updated, and keeps them stacked up as reading material. Charlie picks one up in the bathroom, out of bemusement, and finds an article on "Mrs. X", a bride who kills her husbands on their honeymoon, who seems to perfectly match Harriet. The killer\'s three reported victims were a plumber named Ralph, a lounge singer from Atlantic City, and a Russian martial arts student. Now strongly suspicious of her, Charlie begs Tony to investigate. After finding that the husbands in question that have disappeared have been reported missing along with their wives, Charlie tries to let the issue go. Unfortunately his panic gets worse, suspecting her all the while but trying to cover it up, and eventually he breaks up with her. After a few days of gloom, Tony informs him that one of the husband\'s killers confessed. Charlie, realizing that he needs to make changes, rushes back to Harriet, informing her that he will see a therapist. He wins her over by playing one of his poems from her rooftop, and as they reconcile, every doubt he had gets disproved. Her friend Ralph was actually a girl, for example. At his parents\' 30th year anniversary, Charlie proposes to Harriet, and soon a wedding is underway. Later, they venture off to a secluded hotel up in the mountains for their honeymoon. Meanwhile, back at the police station, the chief informs Tony that the woman who had taken credit for the murder of the plumber was actually a compulsive confessor. Tony faxes a photo of Harriet to all of the known associates of the three missing husbands, and they all recognize her as their friends\' wife. Tony tries desperately to contact Charlie, but finds that the phone lines are down due to a storm where they are honeymooning, so he charters a plane. Upon landing he calls Charlie and warns him that Harriet is "Mrs. X", but before he can tell him anything else, their phone line gets knocked down, and the power goes out. Charlie desperately tries to escape, but Harriet finds him and begins acting unsettled and confrontational as he tries to leave her without letting on that he knows her traits. The endearing staff literally forces them into their hotel room to spend their first night together, and Charlie finds himself alone in the room with Harriet and an axe for the firewood. Harriet locks the door and begins telling him that she\'s been married before. He forces her into the closet and locks it, then looks down at their desk and sees a "Dear Jane" letter for Harriet, saying he has run away. Rose then leaps from the shadows and swipes at Charlie with the axe, stating that the husband "is never supposed to be in the room when the note is found", revealing herself to be the true killer. Charlie has no option but to run to the roof and try to evade Rose long enough for the police to show up. Eventually Tony leads the police into the hotel but arrests Harriet, still believing her to be the murderer. Rose swings the axe at Charlie and is thrown off the building, with only Charlie holding her up from falling to her death, prompting Tony to come to her aid. The authorities take her away, and Charlie and Harriet resume their lives afterward as a happy couple.'] ["John Clark  is a lawyer with a charming wife  and loving family, who nevertheless feels that something is missing as he makes his way every day through the city. Each evening on his commute home through Chicago, John sees a beautiful woman staring with a lost expression through the window of a dance studio. Haunted by her gaze, John impulsively jumps off the train one night, and signs up for ballroom dancing lessons, hoping to meet her. At first, it seems like a mistake. His teacher turns out to be not Paulina , but the older Miss Mitzi , and John proves to be just as clumsy as his equally clueless classmates Chic  and Vern  on the dance-floor. Even worse, when he does meet Paulina, she icily tells John she hopes he has come to the studio to seriously study dance and not to look for a date. But, as his lessons continue, John falls in love with dancing. Keeping his new obsession from his family and co-workers, John feverishly trains for Chicago's biggest dance competition. His friendship with Paulina blossoms, as his enthusiasm rekindles her own lost passion for dance. But the more time John spends away from home, the more his wife Beverly  becomes suspicious. She hires a private investigator to find out what John is doing, but when she finds out the truth, she chooses to discontinue the investigation and not invade her husband's privacy. John is partnered with Bobbie  for the competition, although his friend Link  steps in to do the Latin dances. Link and Bobbie do well in the Latin dances, and while John and Bobbie's waltz goes well, John hears his wife and daughter in the crowd during the quickstep, and is distracted by trying to find them. He and Bobbie fall and are disqualified, and John and Beverly argue in the parking structure. John quits dancing, to everyone's dismay. Paulina, having been inspired by John to take up competing again, is leaving to go to Europe, and is having a going-away party at the dance studio. She sends John an invitation, but he's not convinced to go until his wife leaves out a pair of dancing shoes that she bought him. He goes and meets Beverly at work, convinces her that while he loves dancing, he still loves her just as much, and they dance. They go to the party and John and Paulina have one last dance before she leaves. The end scene shows everyone afterwards: Link and Bobbie are now together; Chic, who was actually gay, dances at a club with his partner; Miss Mitzi finds a new partner, and they are happy together; John and Beverly are back to normal and dance in the kitchen; Vern, newly married to his fiancée, dances with her at their wedding; the private investigator that Beverly hired, Devine , starts up dance lessons; and Paulina, with a new partner, competes at Blackpool, the competition that she had lost years before."] ["Simon is an 18-year old man suffering from Asperger's syndrome. Incapable of living independently, he is cared for by his endlessly loving and patient brother, Sam, and Sam's girlfriend, Frida. He lives by an unchanging daily routine and finds any change in his life very stressful. He spends his day working as a groundskeeper in a special program for mentally disabled people, tending athletic fields and roadsides. He imposes routine on his two housemates with a wall chart that allocates chores and schedules leisure. When the world becomes too stressful, Simon seals himself in a large pot and imagines himself floating in space, where everything is perfectly quiet and predictable. These habits cause a lot of tension with his two housemates. One night, Simon interrupts Sam and Frida while they are having sex in order to ask for toilet paper. For Frida, this is the last straw, and the next day she dumps Sam and moves out. Simon returns home from work to find the house empty and dinner unprepared. When Sam returns home, he decides to order pizza for dinner, but this further distresses Simon as they usually eat tacos on Friday evenings. When Sam announces that Frida is definitely gone for good, Simon suffers a meltdown. Sam, upset at Frida's departure, tries to rationalize away his pain by criticizing Frida's habits, such as being bad at sex and eating caviar sandwiches. Simon interprets this literally and visits Frida's house, asking her to return and change her habits, since Simon is incapable of changing his. Frida angrily drives him off, telling him he ought to find another girl to take her place. Simon, as is his nature, takes Frida's remark seriously, and sets off to find Sam a new girlfriend who will better fit in with their lifestyle. Unaware of how love and courtship work, he compiles a list of Sam's tastes and habits and proceeds to look for women who match the profile. He stops random women in the streets and asks 13 certain questions , and when he finds a woman who answers all 13 questions correctly, he takes their details and photographs them. He presents to Sam an album of suitable matches he has found and asks him to choose his new girlfriend from them. Sam rejects the list, telling Simon it would be boring for him to have a girlfriend who matches his habits exactly, and suggests that a girl who differs from him would be more attractive, in the same way that the opposing poles of a magnet attract."] ["After planning and coordinating another successful wedding ceremony, San Francisco wedding planner Mary  is re-introduced to childhood acquaintance Massimo  by her father  who wants the two of them to marry. Mary, however, is not impressed and instead remains focused on her ambition to become a partner at the wedding company she works for. As a way to persuade her boss, Geri , to accept her as a partner, Mary pursues and is hired by catering heiress, Fran Donolly  to plan her society wedding to long term boyfriend ‘Eddie’. While on the phone reporting her success Mary’s shoe heel gets stuck in a manhole cover. While she attempts to free herself a taxi collides with a dumpster and it comes hurtling towards her. A man standing nearby rushes in and pulls her away just before the dumpster crashes. Mary manages to thank the man before fainting. She later wakes up in hospital and the man who saved her is revealed to be the local pediatrician, Steve Edison . When Mary’s friend and colleague Penny  arrives she persuades Steve to attend an outdoor movie screening with them at the park, only to make up an excuse to leave the pair alone. At the movie Mary and Steve dance but as they are about to kiss a heavy downpour forces them to run for cover. A few days later Mary and Fran are at another of Mary’s weddings and Fran teases her for her dreamy look before Mary tells her about her movie date. Later on Mary is attending a dance lesson with another of her clients. Fran is also attending and introduces Mary to her fiancé ‘Eddie’ who turns out to be Steve. When Fran leaves the pair to dance together Mary angrily rebukes him for leading her on and going behind Fran’s back. Mary is left wondering whether she should continue to plan Fran and Steve’s wedding, while Steve is left wondering whether his chemistry with Mary is a sign that he shouldn’t be marrying Fran. Penny persuades Mary that her career is more important than whatever attraction she might have felt for Steve and Steve’s colleague persuades him that the connection he had with Mary was just the result of pre-wedding nerves. When they arrive at a potential wedding venue in Napa Valley, Massimo appears and, to Mary's confusion and horror, introduces himself as her fiancé. Later when the four of them, along with Fran’s parents, are riding on horseback through the estate, Mrs Donolly’s singing frightens Mary’s horse and it rushes off with a terrified Mary clinging on. Steve instantly gallops after Mary and rescues her from the out of control horse. When the pair are alone he bitterly rebukes her for condemning his actions when she was also engaged. At home, Mary’s father excitedly talks about her upcoming wedding, only for her to reveal that she and Massimo are not engaged before scolding her father for trying to arrange her marriage. Her father then reveals that his wedding with her mother, which Mary had always seen as the perfect marriage, was actually arranged and only became a loving relationship months later, leaving Mary feeling very confused. Mary, Fran and Steve visit another potential wedding venue. Differences in opinion between the couple begin to emerge but Steve agrees with whatever makes Fran happy. Fran reveals she is going on a week-long business trip, leaving Mary and Steve to continue with the wedding preparations. The pair apologise for their angry words. While looking for flowers they run into Keith and Wendy. Mary reveals that Keith was her fiancé, Wendy was his high-school girlfriend and during their rehearsal dinner she found them making out in her car. That night a drunk Mary laments over Keith being married and expecting a baby while she is still alone and miserable. Steve comforts her and insists that Keith was a fool to pick Wendy over her. He then leaves but quickly returns and confesses that he has feelings for Mary. She sadly replies that she respects Fran too much to let anything happen between them and sends Steve away. Fran returns early from her trip and comes to speak with Mary. Mary fears that Steve has revealed his feelings for her but instead Fran reveals she doesn’t know if she is in love with Steve anymore. Ignoring her heart, Mary persuades Fran to go ahead with the wedding. At a birthday party they are both attending, Massimo offers Mary a heartfelt proposal and after a little hesitation she finally agrees to marry him. The two couples prepare for their weddings. When the day arrives Mary leaves Penny to coordinate the Donolly wedding before she goes to the town hall to marry Massimo. Before the wedding starts, Steve takes Fran for a walk and asks her if they’re doing the right thing. Fran eventually admits that she doesn’t want to get married. The pair part as friends and Fran leaves to go on their honeymoon alone. Penny reveals Mary’s plans to Steve and he rushes off to stop her. At the town hall, Massimo and Mary prepare to marry but her father stops the ceremony, realising that the wedding is what he wants for her and not what she wants. Mary, who has given up on true love, insists that life isn’t a fairytale and marrying Massimo is the right thing to do. Steve arrives to find Mary’s father and Massimo outside. Massimo reveals that he couldn’t go ahead with the wedding knowing that Mary was not in love with him and actually in love with Steve. Steve reveals his feelings to Mary’s father, who tells him to go and get her. Steve and Massimo ride off on Massimo’s scooter to the park where another outdoor movie is starting. Steve finds Mary, asks her to dance and the pair finally kiss."] ["Simon Eskanazy is a thirty-year-old gay musician. Born into a Jewish family, he took great pains to accept his homosexuality, and to get his family  to do the same. The latter, Uncle Salomon is a wealthy banker who offered him a deal: he'll give him 10 million francs and will bequeath his mansion to Simon only if Simon agrees to marry a woman. First reluctant, he met Rosalie Baumann, a Jewish singer known for singing in Yiddish, she is very observant, and her parents live in the United States. Little by little, while getting to know her, Simon falls in love with her."] ['In Heaven , angels are tasked with ensuring that humans on Earth find love. The "Captain", Gabriel , is upset at reviewing the file of angel partners O\'Reilly  and Jackson , all of whose recent cases have ended in divorce or misery. Gabriel is being pressed for results, so he introduces a radical new incentive: if their latest case isn\'t "cracked" - meaning, if the pair in question do not fall, and stay, in love, O\'Reilly and Jackson must stay on Earth forever, not appealing to them. They open their case file, and see what is in store for them... Celine Naville  is the spoiled twenty-something daughter of a wealthy businessman. When one of her suitors, a loathsome dentist named Elliott , proposes marriage to her, she offers to say yes, but only if he agrees to play "William Tell" with an apple on his head. As she takes aim with a pistol, Elliot\'s nerves fail and he moves to stop her, spoiling her aim and causing a non-fatal head wound. Robert Lewis  is a janitor employed in the basement of Celine\'s father\'s company. His dreams for writing a best-selling trash novel are shot down by his coworkers, he is told that he is being made redundant and replaced by a robot, by his manager. Whilst drowning his sorrows at a local bar, his girlfriend, Lily  tells him she is leaving him for an aerobics instructor. O\'Reilly and Jackson start their process by posing as collection agents repossessing all of Robert\'s things and evicting him from his apartment. Deciding this is the last straw, Robert storms to the high-rise office of Mr. Naville  while Naville is berating Celine for the William Tell fiasco. Security guards run in and start to beat Robert to a pulp, but Robert grabs one of their guns and holds them at bay . When Celine introduces herself, Robert decides to kidnap her. He drives her to a remote cabin in the California woods. Soon, it becomes clear that Celine is the one in control: after easily slipping free after he has tied her up, she surprises him by sticking around. Robert comes to realize that she is so bored with her normal life, and hates her father so much, that she is staying with the adventure, and the chance to get back at Naville. Eventually, she proposes that they partner up to extort a huge ransom. O\'Reilly and Jackson, now posing as bounty hunters, hire themselves to Naville to retrieve Celine and kill Robert. After Robert\'s first attempt to collect the ransom fails , he feels downcast, but Celine encourages him that he got away. Feeling cheered up, he takes her out to a rustic bar, where they pretend to be newlyweds, and sing "Beyond the Sea" on the karaoke machine. The next morning, Robert wakes up and is stunned to see that he and Celine have apparently slept together. Robert makes a second demand for the ransom, with a letter written in Celine\'s blood. Naville gives O\'Reilly and Jackson the money, and they go to meet Robert in the forest. To their disappointment, Robert appears willing to let Celine go in exchange for the money before O\'Reilly stops his getaway. Aside, Jackson confesses his fears that the two are not in love yet. O\'Reilly responds, "Jeopardy, Jackson. Always works." While O\'Reilly and Celine wait by their car, Jackson takes Robert into the woods to execute him. Before he can, Celine decks O\'Reilly, runs into the woods, and knocks Jackson out with a shovel. As Robert and Celine drive away, O\'Reilly grabs the towbar and rides along. As she points her gun, Robert and Celine jump from the car, and it careens off a cliff, with the money still inside. Since they are short of money, Celine decides to rob a bank with Jackson\'s pistol. The robbery goes smoothly, until a security guard shoots at Celine. Robert pushes her out of the way, taking a bullet in the thigh. Celine hurriedly drives him back to the city, to be operated on by Elliot . A little later, when Robert regains consciousness, he is appalled to see Celine playing a sleazy sexual roleplaying game with Elliott. A fight breaks out, and Robert knocks Elliott unconscious. As they drive away, Celine explains that she only agreed to Elliott\'s request so he would help Robert - and, in any case, it\'s none of Robert\'s business, since he and Celine aren\'t "involved," whatever he might think. Hurt, Robert gets out of the car and walks away. To get them back together, Jackson writes a love poem in Robert\'s handwriting and sends it to Celine. Overcome, she runs back to the bar, where Robert has started working as a janitor, and says he has won her heart with the poem. O\'Reilly and Jackson, listening, dance for joy... until Robert says that he\'s never written a poem in his life. Humiliated, Celine runs out again. But after she\'s gone, Robert\'s boss, Al , knocks some sense into him: Robert has nothing in his life except the improbable love of "an intelligent, passionate, beautiful, rich woman... so why are you even thinking about it?" Robert runs after Celine, but is too late: O\'Reilly and Jackson, believing they have failed, decide to make their Earth-bound lives bearable by kidnapping Celine for ransom. Robert tracks Celine to their hideout, where she\'s being held, blind folded and gagged. Robert knocks O\'Reilly down with a punch. As he struggles with Jackson, he tells Celine that he truly does love her. Just as O\'Reilly and Jackson are about to give her up and celebrate their success, the door is kicked down by Naville\'s butler, Mayhew , who shoots the two angels in the head . Leaving Celine locked in the trunk, Naville and Mayhew drove Robert and the two angels\' bodies to the cabin, planning to fake a murder-suicide. In Heaven, Gabriel\'s secretary begs him to intervene, but he protests that he doesn\'t have the authority. Instead, he telephones God and asks Him to do so. God agrees, and Celine is released from the truck by their neighbor, Tod . Taking Tod\'s gun, she runs to the cabin and confronts her father, while Mayhew holds Robert at gunpoint. Throughout the film, Robert has had recurring dreams of having his life saved by being shot through the heart by an "arrow of love." Taking a leap of faith, Celine shoots Robert through the heart, and the bullet passes through without harming him, to hit Mayhew in the shoulder, crippling him. Seeing Robert survive an apparent gunshot wound to the heart drives Naville insane. After a whispered conference in Al\'s bar, Robert and Celine walk outside to their wedding. In an epilogue, Gabriel frees O\'Reilly and Jackson from a pair of body bags. After Gabriel congratulates them on a successful case, the two angels embrace as they prepare to return home. In a second epilogue , Robert and Celine retrieve the suitcase full of money from the crashed car in the woods, then settle down in their new castle in Scotland.'] ['Dr. Maxford  is thoroughly exasperated; he is supposed to announce on nationwide radio the winners of a contest to pick a new slogan for his Maxford House Coffee, with a first prize of $25,000, but his jury is deadlocked by one stubborn man, Mr. Bildocker . As a result, the program ends without an announcement. One of millions of contestants, office worker Jimmy MacDonald  dreams of winning, hoping to validate his faith in himself, provide some luxuries for his mother , and marry his girlfriend Betty Casey . Betty, however, does not understand his slogan: "If you can\'t sleep at night, it\'s not the coffee, it\'s the bunk." As a joke, three of his co-workers place a fake telegram on Jimmy\'s desk informing him that he has won. Jimmy\'s boss, J. B. Baxter , is so impressed, he promotes Jimmy on the spot to advertising executive, with his own office, a private secretary , and a raise. Tom Darcy, one of the pranksters, tries to clear things up before they go too far, but loses his nerve. When Jimmy goes to collect the check, Dr. Maxford assumes his committee finally reached a decision without informing him, and presents it to Jimmy. Jimmy and Betty go on a shopping spree at Shindel\'s department store. After telephoning Maxford to confirm the check is good, Mr. Shindel gives Jimmy credit to buy an engagement ring for Betty, a luxury sofa-bed for his mother, and presents for all of their neighbors. When the truth comes out, Shindel descends on Jimmy\'s street to try to take back his goods. Maxford follows soon after and confirms that Jimmy did not win. Tom and the other two jokers admit they are to blame. Late that night, the couple go to the office to tell Baxter. Betty\'s heartfelt plea persuades Baxter to let Jimmy try to prove himself and keep his promotion, but on a very short probationary period and with no raise. Meanwhile, Bildocker bursts into Maxford\'s office to announce that the other jury members have finally given in and accepted his choice for the grand prize winner: Jimmy.'] ['The film centers around three very attractive women who, after having many guy troubles themselves, decide to play a prank on a random man. Their goal is to seduce the man while catching the whole sequence on tape and ultimately humiliating him with the footage. Their plan runs into some snags, as the man they choose to prank knows what they are trying to do to him. The man then has sex with Vivica A. Fox and Carmen Electra\'s characters while they video tape the intercourse\'s, only for him to change both tapes. He then goes on a date with Stacey Dash\'s character only to fall in love with her after finding that they both have a lot in common and they "look good together". In the end, they admit everything to each other, and after five minutes of begging, disturbing a couple eating dinner who they think that they are on a hidden camera show, decide to forgive each other and start out clean and honest.'] ["The actor who annually plays Sinterklaas dies just before the arrival of television crew. A mysterious new Sinterklaas named Jan  replaces him. Just a short while after his public appearance, he jumps into water to save a little girl who falls into it, and then he runs away from the crowd and disappears. He is found by the production assistant of the television show next day, and agrees to appear in television shows on knowing that playing Sinterklaas is a paid job. He becomes quite popular on television because of his alternative style. Klaasje  has left her husband Dennis , because he cheated on her with a young and attractive elementary school teacher . Dennis wants her back, but his chances seem to plummet when she has a fling with a 16-year-old boy , whom she meets during the funeral of her father, the deceased actor who used to play Sinterklaas annually. Klaasje’s best friend Simone , the mother of the girl rescued by Sinterklaas, is the linchpin in her family. Her husband Ted  often feels redundant. He loses his job, but he is afraid to tell his dominant wife about it. Swimming instructor Victor  looks forward to marrying his love Kees , an undertaker. But Kees has doubts and fears about committed life. During the marriage ceremony, he walks away without saying ‘yes’. Victor's sister Kiki , a saleswoman at the jewellery section of De Bijenkorf, has always dreamt of a Prince Charming. During the arrival of Sinterklaas, Kiki almost runs into Crown Prince Valentine , while driving a horse carriage. Kiki is dressed as a campaign gift and the prince takes her in his arms as she tries to get down from the carriage. Prince Valentine falls in love with her. Next morning he visits De Bijenkorf to see Kiki. But Kiki desists from seeing him, and rejects him on the grounds that he will not take her seriously. To still come into contact with her, Prince Valentine dresses as Black Peter, does antics at De Bijenkorf for work. In the evening, he  offers to drop her home and ends up having a wild night with her. The next morning, however, he sneaks away through the window without saying goodbye to Kiki. Kiki follows him to his hotel and confronts him. It turns out that Kiki knew all along that Prince Valentine was playing Black Pieter but just wanted to see how far he would go for her. They end up kissing each other. On the night of Sinterklaas Eve, the Jan again runs away before his appearance in the show. He is spotted by Ted who recognizes him to be the one who had rescued his daughter from water. Ted invites Jan, dressed as Sinterklaas, for a beer to his house. All the children of the town slowly flock around him as word secretively spreads among them that he is there. The television crew also eventually comes there. During his TV interview, he speaks candidly about his life and his regrets. He also tells that the name of his son is Kees and that he left his son while his son was three. The 5th December Special TV show comes to an end and Sinterklass is seen walking out of on the snowy street. As he walks and looks around, all the couples are shown one by one to have found out what to do with their lives. Having found his father on the television show, Kees drives with Victor to meet him. They come across him in the middle of the road as they were driving. The movie ends with Jan, dressed as Sinterklaas, embracing Kees.Plot Outline Dutch Wikipedia"] ["Amber Leighton is 40: beautiful, rich, spoiled, and arrogant beyond measure. Nothing makes this woman happy, including her wealthy but passive husband, Tony, a pharmaceutical kingpin. When Tony takes her on a private cruise from Greece to Italy with two other couples, Amber is unimpressed by this impromptu no-frills vacation and takes out her anger on the ship's first mate, Giuseppe Esposito. When a storm leaves the two shipwrecked on a deserted island, however, the tables suddenly turn, with Giuseppe gaining the upper hand, followed by the two falling in love."] ['The film Kushti is the story of a small village in Northern India where wrestling is a popular sport and an important wrestling match is held every year. Ever year rivals Avtar Singh  and Jiten Singh  try to beat each other in the wrestling match and gain the trusteeship of the village. Chander  plays the role of a village simpleton and a post-master. It filled with misunderstandings and misconceptions, of hidden identities and secret love-affairs and the outcome is simply hilarious. The movie begins to take a turn when a certain someone delivers a secret package in the wrong hands. Especially someone, who is bound to take advantage and manipulate the real owner of the package. Avtar Singh has a young and a beautiful daughter named Laadli , with who Chander is madly in love. To get her father\'s approval for their marriage he was to first prove his prowess by wrestling with the 7 and half feet tall "Rama Krishna" . The condition set by Avtar Singh is that Chander has to defeat "Khali" in the wrestling match!!'] ['Kate  is a fastidious and wholesome history teacher living in Canada with her fiancé, Charlie , who is a doctor. While waiting for her Canadian citizenship to come through, Kate has been busy planning their wedding and the purchase of their first house, complete with a white picket fence. Charlie urges Kate to accompany him to Paris for an upcoming business trip, but she declines due to her fear of flying and her general intolerance for cheeses, secondhand smoke, and the French. Kate\'s plans for the future are interrupted by a drunken phone call from Charlie who informs her that he has fallen in love with a beautiful French "goddess" named Juliette  and that he will not be returning. Determined to win him back, Kate boards a flight to Paris, despite her fear of flying, and is seated next to a crude Frenchman, Luc Teyssier , whose every word during the seven-hour flight seems to annoy her. Luc is a petty thief who is smuggling a vine cutting and a stolen diamond necklace into France hoping to use both to start his own vineyard. Despite the uncomfortable and sarcastic banter throughout the flight, Kate, with the help of a few drinks, is able to tolerate her "rude" and "hygiene deficient" seating partner long enough to arrive safely in Paris. Before deboarding, however, Luc sneaks the vine and necklace into Kate\'s bag, knowing she would not be searched at customs, and then offers Kate a ride into Paris. At the terminal, Luc is spotted by Inspector Jean-Paul Cardon  who insists on giving Luc a ride during which he searches his bag. The inspector feels protective of Luc who once saved his life. Meanwhile, Kate makes it on her own to the Hôtel George V where she encounters new levels of French sarcasm and rudeness from the concierge. While waiting in the lobby to confront Charlie, she meets a petty thief named Bob. When she finally sees Charlie and Juliette kissing in an elevator, Kate faints, and Bob steals her bag. Luc arrives, steals a car, and together they track down Bob and the missing bag. Upset at having lost all her money and her passport, Kate argues with Luc and they go their separate ways. Kate soon learns that Charlie and Juliette are headed south to Cannes to meet her parents before the wedding. Meanwhile, after realizing the necklace is still in Kate\'s bag, Luc tracks her down, offers to help her "win back Charlie", and together they board a train to Cannes. Along the way, Luc attempts to search her bag but is unsuccessful. After the lactose intolerant Kate samples some of the 452 official government cheeses of France, she becomes sick and they get off the train at Luc\'s hometown of La Ravelle in Paulhaguet. They stay at Luc\'s family home, surrounded by a beautiful vineyard where Kate learns about Luc\'s past and how he gambled away his vineyard birthright to his brother in a single hand of poker. Kate also learns that Luc knows a lot about wines. Gradually the two grow closer, and after Luc searches the bag and comes up empty, he agrees that he will help Kate. At Cannes, the inspector approaches Kate and urges her to convince Luc to return the stolen necklace anonymously to avoid jail. Luc, who is planning to sell the necklace at Cartier, agrees to Kate\'s plan to have her sell the necklace. Meanwhile, Luc is busy instructing Kate on how to win back her lost fiancé. To make Charlie jealous, Luc pretends to be Kate\'s lover when they meet Charlie and Juliette on the beach, and the deception works. At dinner, Charlie apologizes to Kate and later tries to seduce her in her room, but she rejects his advances, realizing she no longer wants him—she is in love with Luc. Meanwhile, in an effort to "ensure victory" for Kate, Luc attempts to seduce Juliette, but she walks out after he calls her "Kate" by mistake. The following morning at Cartier, Kate returns the stolen necklace to the inspector and purchases a Cartier check for $45,782 with her own savings to create the illusion that she actually sold the necklace. After giving the check to Luc, Kate leaves for the airport pretending to meet Charlie. Soonafter, the inspector approaches Luc and reveals the charade and all that Kate has done for him. When he realizes that Kate will not be returning to Charlie, Luc rushes to the airport, boards the airplane, and confesses that he\'s in love with her and wants her to stay with him. Sometime later, Luc and Kate embrace each other in their beautiful new vineyard.'] ["Jack Lemmon stars as the playboy landlord Mr. Hogan, a swinging bachelor. Women are mere playthings to him, plus he's a master con man. His bachelor pad is a holy temple of seduction: blood-red walls, African sculptures, a well-stocked cocktail bar, and a switch-operated fireplace. He walks around wearing a scarlet blazer  and a devilish smirk. As the landlord of a Californian apartment block, he only rents rooms to gorgeous single women at just $75 a month. The film begins as Irene Wilson , a recently divorced tenant, has just concluded her relationship with Hogan. She's moving out of her apartment, which is immediately snapped up by her naïve niece, Robin Austin . Hogan is thrilled at the prospect of yet another beautiful tenant to seduce, but is initially unaware that Robin's short-tempered, eternally-frustrated, bumbling boyfriend David  will also be moving in. The temptation is naturally there, but Hogan does his best to prevent David and Robin from consummating their relationship. Irene, who has only lately come to realise the extent of Hogan's promiscuity, is determined to prevent him from getting his hands on her niece. Irene confronts him at his barber, and Hogan is self-defensive and self-deluded to comic effect. Murphy  and Dorkus  are two servants who work for Hogan. They are also married; much to Murphy's unhappiness."] ['The three married men, George , Doug , and Howie , and divorcé Fred , are friends who commute to work from Greenwich, Connecticut to New York City on the same train. Seeing Fred\'s philandering boss, Mr. Bingham , with his mistress sets the men to fantasizing about sharing the expense of an apartment in the city as a love nest. As a gag, they give Fred the task of finding an unrealistically inexpensive apartment and a blonde "companion" to go with it. Fred rents a luxurious suite from Peter Bowers , who is desperate to find a tenant . By chance, Cathy , a knockout of a blonde, also answers the advertisement for the apartment. Fred explains that the place has already been taken, but she learns that he is also looking for a beautiful young "housekeeper" for his friends. To his surprise, she accepts the job. The boys are delighted; each tells his wife that he is taking a course one night a week to improve his mind so he can stay in New York overnight. Unbeknownst to the men, Cathy is actually a sociology graduate student writing her thesis on the "adolescent fantasies of the adult suburban male." Her skeptical advisor, Dr. Prokosch , worries that she won\'t be able to fend off the men, but she is confident about her abilities . When they start calling on her individually in the evenings, she encourages them to talk, all the while secretly recording their conversations. Cathy deftly avoids being seduced by the married men, although each of them brags to the others about having slept with her. She supplies what each one really wants: Howie is starved for more substantial food than his dieting wife will provide; Doug likes to repair things that are conveniently broken each week ; George enjoys talking about himself, but his spouse keeps finishing his sentences. Fred, however, is a different story: he is very attracted to Cathy and, disgusted by his friends\' fabricated stories, he refuses to use his night. In the end, the wives become suspicious and, on the advice of Fred\'s mother Ethel , hire private investigator Ernest Bohannon  to find out what is going on. Based on his report, they assume the worst and confront their husbands. All three married men confess that nothing happened, and Cathy reveals that she is just doing research. After getting over the shock, Fred marries Cathy. Everyone learns a lesson and the boys\' night out is no more; instead, the couples go out together.'] ["Becker, a hotshot American marketing executive  from The Coca-Cola Company visits their Australian operations and tries to figure out why a tiny corner of Australia  has so far resisted all of Coke's products. He literally bumps into the very pretty secretary  who is assigned to help him. Eventually Becker discovers that a local producer of soft drinks run by an old eccentric has been successfully fending off the American brand name products. The executive vows an all out marketing war with the eccentric but eventually comes to reconsider his role as a cog in Coca-Cola's giant corporate machinery. Along the way there are humorous subplots involving the office manager's violent ex-husband, Becker's attempt to find the 'Australian sound', and an odd waiter who is under the mistaken belief that Becker is a secret agent."] ['School is out and the teenagers head for the beach. All is well until millionaire Harvey Huntington Honeywagon III  comes around, convinced that the beachgoers are so senselessly obsessed with sex that their mentality is below that of a primate – especially Honeywagon\'s wunderkind pet chimp Clyde, who can surf, drive, and watusi better than anyone on the beach. With the teenagers demoralized and discredited, Honeywagon plans to turn Bikini Beach into a senior citizens retirement home. Meanwhile, foppish British rocker and drag racer Peter Royce Bentley, better known as "The Potato Bug" , has taken up residence on Bikini Beach. Annoyed by Frankie\'s reluctance to start their relationship towards marriage, Dee Dee becomes receptive to Potato Bug\'s advances. In a jealous rage, Frankie challenges The Potato Bug to a drag race, in hopes of winning Dee Dee back.'] ["Flamboyant window dresser Hollywood Montrose  has now been promoted to the head of Prince & Company's visual display department. He takes on a new assistant, Jason Williamson , who in times past was Prince William, the Prince of the kingdom of Hauptmann-Koenig. One thousand years ago, he lost his beloved Jessie  when an evil sorcerer  turned her into a wooden icon, now known as the Enchanted Peasant Girl. As a tribute to Hauptmann-Koenig, the Enchanted Peasant Girl is being sent to Prince & Company for a window display. Jason awakens Jessie and the two get reacquainted, having a millennium of things to catch up on. But the evil sorcerer, now reincarnated as Count Gunther Spretzle, arrives on the scene to take Jessie  and hop a flight for Bermuda, with Jason as the only one who can stop him."] ['Alex is a married Junior Leaguer with a penchant for interesting shoes. Her Junior League chapter\'s annual project is to volunteer at Hope House, an AIDS hospice that recently opened in her home town of Azalea Springs, Texas. Alex and her League friends, including her friend Sloan, tour Hope House. Alex runs into her best friend Spencer, whose lover Bruce is a resident, and Grace, a friend from high school who had recently moved back to Azalea Springs to work at Hope House as a nurse. That night at the town\'s annual Azalea Ball, a drunken Spencer tells a society matron that his homosexuality was caused by drinking the local water. An equally drunken Sloan overhears and spreads the story. A panic ensues, with the local newspaper printing the story and commissioning testing of the water supply. Mark, the son of the publisher, objects to his father, but because Mark is himself struggling with his homosexuality and attending meetings of an ex-gay group at the local church, he\'s limited in what he can do to mitigate the story and the resultant damage. The leader of the ex-gay group, Brother Daniel, announces plans to protest for the closing of Hope House. Alex and Grace renew their friendship and Grace comes out as a lesbian to her. Grace returned to Azalea Springs because her husband found out about an affair she was having with another woman and is now in prison for assaulting Grace. At an ex-gay meeting, Mark meets Tomas, a painter. Mark hires Tomas to re-paint his dining room. The Junior League decides not to continue volunteering at Hope House. Alex, who\'s resigned from the League, goes to work full time at the hospice over her husband Robert\'s objections. Alex develops some curiosity about her possible lesbianism and rents a number of classic lesbian-themed films: Desert Hearts; Lianna; Personal Best; Heavenly Creatures; Bar Girls; Claire of the Moon; The Incredibly True Adventure of Two Girls in Love; an unnamed, presumably pornographic video; and, inexplicably, The Godfather, Part III. At Hope House, Alex gives in to her growing attraction to Grace and they kiss passionately in a supply room. Sloan catches them and spreads the story all over town. After Tomas paints Mark\'s dining room, they go out on a dinner date, where Mark learns that Tomas stumbled into the ex-gay meeting by mistake. After dinner they go to Tomas\'s studio and Tomas shows Mark his paintings. They make love. Reaction is immediate and hostile, with Alex suffering indignities great and small, everything from the breakup of her marriage to the closing of her credit account at the local fried pie shop. Following this, Mark gains the courage to break up with the woman he\'s been dating as a "beard" and to come out to his father. He demands that his father drop the story on the water supply  and stop the negative coverage of Hope House. Mark and Tomas and Alex and Grace go out dancing at a big-city gay club, where they see Ray Ray, the son of Alex\'s family housekeeper, performing as a drag queen called Obsession. Ray Ray leads Mark and Tomas to a leather bar where they catch ex-gay leader Brother Daniel in full leather gear . Meanwhile, Alex and Grace go to a hotel room where they make love for the first time. Back in Azalea Springs, Spencer\'s lover Bruce dies of AIDS-related complications. At his funeral, Alex\'s father comforts her and her mother, while still upset over Alex\'s lesbianism, shows that she still loves her daughter .'] ["Jimmy Shannon  is a partner in a financial brokerage firm that is on the brink of financial ruin when he is presented with his grandfather's will, according to which he is bequeathed seven million dollars on the condition that he marry by 7:00 p.m. on his 27th birthday, which happens to be that same day. Shannon, with the help of his partner and a lawyer, must find a bride."] ["In 1947, a United States congressional committee which includes prim Phoebe Frost of Iowa  arrives in post-World War II Berlin to visit the American troops stationed there. Phoebe hears rumors that cabaret torch singer Erika von Schlütow , suspected of being the former mistress of either Hermann Göring or Joseph Goebbels, is being protected by an unidentified American officer. She enlists Captain John Pringle  to assist in her investigation, unaware he is Erika's current lover. After seeing Erika with Adolf Hitler in a newsreel filmed during the war, Phoebe asks John to take her to army headquarters to retrieve the singer's official file. In order to distract her, John woos Phoebe, who initially resists his romantic advances but eventually succumbs to his charms. Colonel Rufus J. Plummer  advises John he is aware of his relationship with Erika and orders him to continue seeing her in the hope she will lead them to another of her ex-lovers, ex-Gestapo agent Hans Otto Birgel , believed to be hiding in the American occupation zone. Meanwhile, Erika and Phoebe are arrested during a raid designed to catch Germans without proper identification papers at the Lorelei, the club where Erika performs. At the police station, Erika claims Phoebe as her cousin in order to secure her release. Phoebe, grateful for Erika's intercession on her behalf, goes with her to her apartment, where Erika confesses John is her lover just before he arrives. Humiliated, Phoebe leaves. Colonel Plummer attempts to reconcile Phoebe and John. John is targeted by Birgel at the Lorelei, but Birgel is killed by American soldiers who shoot him first. Erika is arrested and sentenced to serve time in a labor camp, and Phoebe and John are reunited."] ['Christine "Chris" Ramsey  lies in bed narrating a trashy romance novel to her roommate at the Cherryvale Academy for Girls, Betsy . Meanwhile, three students of the nearby Freemount Academy for Men, including Jim Green  and his overweight, slobbish friend Bubba , sneak into Cherryvale to peek on the girls. Jordan Leigh-Jenson , showering at the time, sees that the boys are peering at her and enlists Chris and Betsy\'s help to drive them away; the three boys fall off the side of the building. In response to being disturbed, the roommates light a bag of feces on fire and put it in front of Jordan\'s door. About a week later, at a co-ed dance, Chris reveals that Jim is her boyfriend; as the couple are dancing, Chris tells Jim that she\'s decided she wants to surrender her virginity to him. After a speech by headmistress Miss Dutchbok , the band plays a slow song while Jordan dances alone and conspires against Chris. Bubba, sporting an erection from Miss Dutchbok\'s speech, sneaks off to the headmistress\' office with Betsy to drink and have sex; however, the two are caught in the act by the headmistress and her friends. The following day, after morning aerobics, Chris books a hotel for herself and Jim. After another period of time, students of the two schools are horseriding together. Jordan trots past where Chris and Jim are talking and flashes her breasts at Jim. In revenge, Betsy steals Jordan\'s shirt, forcing the latter to horseride nude in front of the headmistress et alumni. That weekend, Jim goes to buy condoms but is distracted by the pharmacist  and ends up buying dental hygiene products; when Chris goes to buy the protection herself, she is distracted and eventually seen by Miss Dutchbok. After a time in the arcade where Jim is forced to speak romantically over the phone to Chris by his friends, Jordan swears greater revenge. The following day, Jim, Bubba, and another friend dress as women in order to sneak into the girls shower room. Jim is caught by Jordan, who arouses him with a cold bottle and forces him to give her a massage. Meanwhile, Bubba meets up with Betsy for a tryst but leaves when she demands more from him. As Bubba is exiting the building through the ledge, he witnesses Jim massaging Jordan. When he is startled by Betsy, he falls off the ledge; meanwhile, Betsy catches Jim and tells Chris, leading to the two breaking up. After several weeks of unsuccessfully trying to get Chris back, during parent visitation day Jim asks for the help of her father. After he and Betsy tell Chris to take Jim back, she does; Chris and Jim then leave for the hotel. After failing to have sex during the night because Chris finds the hotel too kitschy, they have sex on the beach in the morning. Meanwhile, Jordan\'s father  has sex with her new stepmother while the chauffeur Chauncey  listens in. Not long afterwards, Miss Dutchbok, who has mistaken Chauncey for Mr. Leigh-Jenson, have sex in the back of Leigh-Jenson\'s car; Bubba and Betsy, looking to have another tryst, climb into the front seat and turn on the loudspeakers, ensuring that the sounds of both couples at coitus are carried far and wide. Upon realizing what Bubba has done, Miss Dutchbok lunges at him, eventually resulting in the car going into the pool. Afterwards, Bubba begins hitting on Jordan, eventually leading to Jordan paying him a midnight visit; when Betsy catches them together, she is apoplectic. The film ends with graduation day, where the graduating girls moon the camera.'] ['Doug Kinney  is a Los Angeles construction worker whose job is constantly getting in the way of his family. On one job to build a new wing of a scientific facility, Doug meets up with Dr. Leeds, a friendly scientist who has developed a successful method for cloning humans, and is introduced to Dr. Leeds\' clone as proof. The scientist, who is sympathetic to Doug\'s troubles, allows Doug to make a clone of himself that can take over for him at work, while he tries to spend some quality time with his family. The clone, called "Two" , has all of Doug\'s memory and knowledge, but is overly macho. Although the clone seems to be a dream come true, while taking his wife, Laura , out to a restaurant for dinner, he finds that two is on his own date. Doug realizes clones are not as great as they seem, and Doug begins to worry about his clone being revealed. Eventually two more clones are made. "Three"  is a sharp contrast to Two, and extremely sensitive and thoughtful. He is much like a housewife, knowing how to cook very well, and take care of the house. . "Four"  is cloned from "Two", and has the mentality of an overly-curious child. Unfortunately, since he is a clone-of-a-clone, his IQ is considerably lower than that of his predecessors, since the personality defects are more pronounced when a clone is cloned , and this causes an annoyed Doug to decree a moratorium on cloning. One night Doug leaves home for a business trip. While Doug is gone, each of the clones runs into Laura and each one sleeps with her. The next day, "Two" comes down with a cold and is unable to go to work, so he sends "Three". Three is the second clone, so he knows nothing about construction. As "Three" goes to work, an inspection on site causes "Three" to unimpress the inspector, which leads to him losing Doug\'s job. As the movie progresses, Doug\'s wife becomes increasingly upset with her husband, as she is wondering about Doug\'s sudden personality changes and how Doug\'s clones have no memories of discussions Laura unwittingly had with another clone. Thinking Doug is ignoring her, she unknowingly pours out her heart out to "Four", mentioning how  has never kept his promise on fixing the house; she asks him what he wants and is unromantically told "I want pizza". Upset, she takes the children to live with her parents. When Doug returns, he learns that Laura and the kids have left. He also learns from the clones\' confessions that he has lost his job and each one of them has slept with Laura. Trying to figure out how to get Laura back, "Four" tells him about what she said to him on how he never fixed the house. With the help of the clones, Doug remodels the house and wins back the love of his wife. Doug also tells Laura he is planning to start his own construction business. Realizing Doug can take care of himself now, the three clones move away, later writing Doug that they have set up a successful pizzeria called "Three Guys from Nowhere" in Miami, Florida. "Two" becomes the businessman of the shop and serves customers, and also gets to meet lots of women. "Three" is the head chef, and "Four" is the delivery boy as well as taking a second job as a paperboy .'] ['Precocious, bohemian teenager Placid Lake finishes high school, but after having an existential crisis devises a plan to totally reinvent himself as a functioning member of society. With a few weeks spent reading a library of self-help manuals, Lake gets a haircut, bespoke suit, and gets a white collar job working for an insurance agency. Lake has a smart friend Gemma  who tries to talk him out of his newly found economic rationalism.'] [' The story is narrated by the protagonist, Puck , who begins with a monologue describing the basic reasoning underlying his philosophy, as well as the movie\'s general interpretation of Anarchism, as he walks through the commune he lives in, while events of his daily life are presented. Other members of the commune include Johnny Red, a \'60s radical who constantly refers to Sweden as an ideal society; Gin, Red\'s hippie girlfriend; Karla, a bisexual with issues of misandry; Sweeny, a promiscuous DJ who worked at a local record store; Double D , an unintelligent but good hearted commune member, and Puck\'s best friend; and "The Trolls," a ragtag group of "crunchy types" who lived in tents in the backyard of the house and home schooled about a dozen children. The commune, referred to as "Sam," is funded by a collective Anarchist bookstore, where the members take turns operating the front desk. Throughout the movie this group is referred to as "The Family," and their way of life is described as peaceful and happy, until the day Johnny Black, a mysterious, militant nihilist with a forceful personality, appears. Johnny Black shares much of the rebellious philosophy of "the family" when he shows up, however he disrespects what he sees as the narrow minded and shortsighted protest tactics Johnny Red espouses. However, politically weak within the framework of the Family, Black cannot challenge Red\'s authority for the time being. Frustrated and unhappy with his social life and lack of direction, Puck seeks a girlfriend. He eventually meets a young woman at a night club, Jody, who he learns is a young Republican college student. However, when his new observations of Jody\'s political beliefs and academic success causes him greater internal conflict and personal embarrassment, Puck decides to temporarily leave the Family and ventures out to find a new job and home. Still unhappy and directionless, Puck opts to return to the Family.  In the time that has transpired in Puck\'s absence, Black\'s influence over the family has steadily grown. Encouraging the group to forge alliances with "like-minded" organizations. Over time, Black undergoes a more militant shift in personality. At a meeting for a planned protest demonstration against a petrochemical plant, Black denounces the peaceful, non-violent approach most of the attendants support, and presents two tools to be used in their attack on the plant: semtex and The Anarchist Cookbook. Johnny Red describes the book as "a relic from the past... it taught you how to make bombs, how to make drugs... and it meant something once." He also accurately mentions that the author, William Powell, has disavowed the book. He continues, commenting, "the book\'s not the problem. The problem is the kind of people who look to it for answers." A few days afterward, Johnny Black discovers Red\'s private journal, in which he admits to being sexually attracted to young boys. He places this in the open for Gin to discover, and after reading a passage in which Red admits to his pedophilia, she dumps him. Following this, Red\'s personality becomes more anxious and submissive to Black. One day, while carrying science kits, Puck, Double D, and Sweeney are approached by a police officer who randomly stops them and requests to inspect their contents. After complying, they receive a ride from the officer to Sam, explaining that their run down house is in fact an orphanage the kits are intended for. The officer decides to visit the building, and enters to discover Karla in the midst of using cocaine with Johnny Black. The entire group, except for Johnny Red, is promptly arrested and brought to trial, the presiding judge ironically being a spurned, former lover of Karla. The flop house, Sam, is shut down by the city; Johnny Black receives time at a medium security prison, with the possibility for parole in four months; Sweeney and Double D each receive 250 hours of community service; Karla, aside from being insulted by the judge, is made to receive a mandatory psychiatric evaluation; and Puck is placed under house arrest for 180 days, and forced to move into his parent\'s home in the city of Plano, Texas. Puck chafes in his suburban life, but comes to accept it with Jody\'s encouragement, until Johnny Black is paroled after four months. Black appears in Puck\'s apartment and easily convinces Puck to remove the ankle bracelet that tracks him and rejoin the Family.  Puck soon discovers that Karla, Sweeney, and Double D are all suffering from drug addiction, and have relocated to a new squat which they name "Son of Sam". The next stage of Johnny Black\'s strategy for his movement is the creation of a coalition of organizations which agree with any facet of his goals. However, these include extremist, conservative groups, such as neo-nazis and militia men. Black offers The Anarchist Cookbook as an instructional booklet to the other groups, while they pledge to offer various arms and explosives, and plans a "joint mission" to attack a local university. Puck attempts to leave the organization, but is under constant surveillance. He commits to remaining in the group, so as to watch over Double D, for whom he feels responsible. This situation eventually ends in tragedy when Double D overdoses on diazepam. Puck finally resolves to escape from the group and prevent the mission, and convinces a sober Sweeney and Johnny Red to help. Together, they devise a plan to intoxicate the extremist group members with pancakes laced with the very drugs Double D overdosed on. Once the entire organization is unconscious, the surviving members of the Family split up. Alone, Puck decides that once the group awakens he\'d be in immediate danger, and so decides to report the organization and cooperate fully with the FBI, for which he receives a reward of $200,000. Immediately afterward, Puck considers his options and realizing that he now has the money and time to commit to his future, decides to take Jody\'s advice and return to college. Alone, he begins to hitchhike to California to join Jody as she interns at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library. Receiving a ride from a truck driver, Puck is asked what his name is, and after some internal thinking, decides to accept his legal name and chosen name together: "Peter Puck." The final monologue by Puck meditates over his new perspective on life and his personal philosophy, and renounces the concept of "freedom without responsibility," which contrasts with his idealistic opening-sequence monologue.'] ["Danny Reilly  is a self-obsessed man who, after dumping Renee Weber , falls in love again with Corey Wells . But Renee makes it her mission to see that Danny never falls in love again and sets out for attack when he falls for Corey. Who will get the girl when Danny's constantly talking roomie Tim  falls in love with Corey too?"] ['Carolyn McDuffy , in an effort to help her sorority sisters win a coveted award that has eluded them in the past years, joins them in training some handicapped young adults for Challenged Games . Carolyn is linked with Pumpkin Romanoff  and is horrified, mostly because she has never been in such an environment. Pumpkin is kind towards her and soon she finds herself falling in love with him because he is genuine, unlike her sorority sisters, as led by Julie Thurber , and her boyfriend, Kent Woodlands ([[Samuel Ball . Carolyn experiences backlash and disdain about the relationship from her friends and family, including Pumpkin\'s own mother, Judy , despite the fact that Carolyn\'s love has inspired Pumpkin to get out of his wheelchair and become the best athlete on the team. Judy later walks into her son\'s room and discovers that Carolyn and Pumpkin have been sexually involved. Pumpkin\'s mother accuses her of raping her son and says he has no idea what she has done to him. She calls Carolyn\'s school and Carolyn is kicked out of school and the sorority. Carolyn then drinks medicine in her cabinet in an attempt to overdose and commit suicide, but suffers no ill effect after finding out that she has merely drank saline solution from a contact lens cleaning bottle and Pepto Bismol. Since Kent and Carolyn are the "perfect couple" and would ensure that the sorority wins the award, strings are pulled and Carolyn is let back into school, as well as the sorority, and Kent takes her back. At the sorority\'s ball, Pumpkin and his friends crash the party so Pumpkin can dance with the woman he loves. Kent won\'t stand for it and punches Pumpkin repeatedly as the girls hold Carolyn and keep Pumpkin\'s friends at bay. Kent turns his back as Pumpkin gathers his wits, charging and tackling Kent, knocking him unconscious for a few seconds. Kent gets up, looks around, and runs off crying. Carolyn tries to take Pumpkin inside to the dance, but Julie and the sorority sisters won\'t let them in. Carolyn pushes her way through with Pumpkin and they dance alone. Soon, others start to see the love between them and join them on the dance floor. As they\'re dancing, Kent is shown driving erratically and sobbing hysterically. He swerves to avoid a truck and plunges off a cliff with the car exploding in midair, crashing to the bottom. Carolyn goes to the hospital to check on Kent and finds that he is now paraplegic, though not burned from the explosion. He blames Carolyn for his problems and she is left distraught. She quits school, the sorority, and swears off Pumpkin forever. The sorority stops helping the team and the rival sorority wins the award. Carolyn enrolls at a public university and opens up to her peers who encourage her to go for what she wants. The sorority sisters have a change of heart and show up at the Olympic event. Kent is now the coach for Pumpkin\'s team and has become a motivator and humble person. Pumpkin races his rival, a bully who berates Pumpkin at every chance given. Pumpkin is motivated by Kent, telling him to win it for Carolyn and saying she wouldn\'t want him to lose. As he\'s running, he sees Carolyn in the stands and gets a sudden boost of energy. Pumpkin wins the race and at the finish line he is congratulated by the sorority sisters, his mother, and Kent. Carolyn comes down to see Pumpkin as his mother is hugging him. She endears him to Carolyn, finally accepting her son\'s progress into a man. As Carolyn and Pumpkin walk off together, she asks him what name she should call him, his real name, Jesse, and he replies "Pumpkin will be fine."'] ["Harish Venkatraman , a software architect by profession who lives in Malaysia, is the millionaire nephew of Maheswaran Iyer . Having lost his parents early in life, he runs the business of his uncle with impressive results. He stumbles upon the psychiatry student Deva , in the most cinematic manner, and as script would have it, falls for her that very instant. Deva is the daughter of Commissioner Arumugam  and Dhamayanthi  in Chennai. As the plot progresses, Deva is being summoned by her parents for their silver jubilee wedding anniversary back home. Notwithstanding the fact that he has a flourishing business to attend to and much to the wrath of his uncle - who arranges for his wedding with his business partner’s daughter - Harish takes the next flight to Chennai to accompany Deva. He is subjected to a warm welcome by Radhika and cold shoulder by Arumugam. To make matters worse, Harish's uncle's  vicious character assassination – in the name of a complaint he sends to the Police Commissioner’s office – doesn’t help Harish in the task of gaining enough confidence among his girlfriend’s parents. Will Harish ever win his love back, now that his chance of impressing Deva’s parents are doomed, forms the rest of the story."] ['Psychiatrist Jack Mickler  dissuades a would-be suicide—a 21-year-old, costumed like Zorro and claiming to be Don Juan , who is then held for a ten-day review in a mental institution. Mickler, who is about to retire, insists on doing the evaluation and conducts it without medicating the youth. "Don Juan" tells his story—born in Mexico, the death of his father, a year in a harem, and finding true love  on a remote island. Listening enlivens Mickler\'s relationship with his own wife, Marilyn . As the ten days tick down and pressure mounts on Mickler to support the youth\'s indefinite confinement, finding reality within the romantic imagination becomes Jack\'s last professional challenge.'] ['Sir Robert Chiltern is a successful Government minister, well-off and with a loving wife. All this is threatened when Mrs. Cheveley appears in London with damning evidence of a past misdeed. Sir Robert turns for help to his friend Lord Goring, an apparently idle philanderer and the despair of his father. Goring knows the lady of old and the plot to help his friend has unintended consequences.'] ['Paul Matthews  is a lonely biochemist with a crush on his unavailable co-worker, biologist Diane Farrow . His friends take him to a gypsy on 34th and Vine named Madame Ruth . After reading his palm and seeing absolutely no romance in his life, Ruth gives him a small amount Love Potion No. 8 on a piece of paper. As a scientist, Paul has doubts, and ends up throwing it in the trash when he gets home. Around this time, Paul\'s friends buy him the services of Marisa but all they do is talk. His cat gets into the trash and eats some of the potion; then it meows and attracts all the other cats in the neighborhood. When Paul sees the results, he takes it to Diane, and they find out the "scientific" properties of it. After analyzing it, they decide to use themselves as human test subjects. Diane ends up attracting an Italian car mogul and the prince of England, ending up getting a makeover in the process, while Paul has a string of hookups with women in bars, supermarkets, cars, and sorority houses. Paul and Diane realize their romantic attraction to each other and become involved. Eventually, Paul plans a proposal to Diane; however, when he comes by her house to do so, she has fallen into the arms of Gary, whom was originally only using her for sex, since she\'s under the influence of the potion. Paul gathers his friends and tells them about the potion, which causes them to laugh in his face. Marisa arrives at the house and uses the potion  and uses it on Paul and his friends, proving the power of the potion. By this time, Diane and Gary are getting married. Paul goes back to Madame Ruth, who gives him Love Potion No. 9, which will purify Diane and Paul\'s love forever . Paul and friends coerce the matron of honor at Diane\'s wedding to help them, and Diane ends up running out of the wedding into Paul\'s arms.'] ['In present day New York City, Charlie  meets the girl of his dreams, Daphne , but he never expected he\'d have to battle past her pet dog "Babydoll" to woo her. Just when it seems he can\'t beat the beast and all is lost, something unexpected happens: Charlie begins to fall in love with the dog himself, realizing he never really needed a girlfriend in the first place. Now, in order to keep hanging out with "man\'s best friend", Charlie must scramble to keep the relationship with Daphne going at all costs - or risk losing them both.'] ["Jagoda  is a 30-year-old cashier who, after seeing someone else steal the man she wanted to date, makes the mistake of refusing to sell an elderly woman some strawberries. The next day the woman's grandson, Marko , walks into the store firing weapons and taking hostages. Eventually the relationship between Jagoda and Marko deepens and grows more complex."] ['The film tells the story of Sissy Hankshaw , a woman born with a mutation  giving her enormously large thumbs. The film is a transgressive romp, covering topics from homosexuality and free love to drug use and political rebellion to animal rights and body odor and religions. Sissy makes the most of her thumbs by becoming a hitchhiker. Her travels take her to New York, where she becomes a model for a transvestite feminine hygiene products mogul who introduces her to the man whom she will marry, a staid Mohawk named Julian Gitche . In her later travels, she encounters, among many others, a sexually open cowgirl named Bonanza Jellybean  and an itinerant escapee from the Japanese internment camps happily mislabeled "The Chink" .'] ['Alfred\'s father wants him to make a man of himself so sends him off on a hunting and fishing trip. He doesn\'t catch or shoot anything, but he does fall in love with a mountain girl. When her father and brothers laugh at this they are told that he is Alfred "Battling" Butler, the championship fighter. From there on the masquerade must be maintained.'] ['Ambujakshi alias "Ambu" , a film actress, arrives in Europe to spend the vacations with her friend Deepa , a divorcee and her two children. While going in a taxi, Ambu recalls an early incident regarding her ex-boyfriend Madanagopal alias Madan , a wealthy entrepreneur: Three years ago, she was shooting for a film with actor Surya in a bright park and Madan was suspicious of her relationship with the actor. While returning, he however let Ambu drive his car. Madan advised Ambu to stop acting, but Ambu claimed it as her profession which she can\'t give up, leading to an argument that caused the car to crash near a rock. At the same time they blamed a small white car that just passed by, to be the reason for the crash. Unable to bear anymore arguments, Ambu broke her relationship with Madan and walked away. Madan now suspects that Ambu may be having a relationship with her colleagues in the film industry. To end that, he hires detective Major Raja Mannar  to follow her when she goes on a cruise for vacation in Barcelona. Mannar accepts, as he needs money to pay the hospital bills of his friend Rajan , who is afflicted with pailuse, and his wife Mallika ([[Urvashi . Contrary to Madan\'s suspicions, Ambu is loyal and virtuous; when Mannar reports this, Madan refuses to pay him as his suspicions were unfounded. Disappointed, Mannar to save his dying friend Rajan fabricates a story and tells Madan that she is having a secret affair during her trip. In the process, he introduces himself as a tourist to Ambu, Deepa and Deepa\'s children, and becomes close to the group. While getting closer to Ambu, Mannar says to Madhan that Ambu is good but the other guy is bad, but Madhan does not want to hear that and eventually breaks up with Ambu. While recollecting his past as an Army officer, Mannar reveals that he lost his wife three years ago in a car accident. Ambujakshi realizes to her horror that the accident was caused by herself during the argument with Madan. Both of them decide to confront each other with the truth, but Ambu misunderstands Kurup  as Madhan\'s detective and slaps him and tells that she loves Mannar. Meanwhile Rajan should undergo an operation immediately after the chemotherapy to keep him alive. To make things worse Madan announces that he will visit them in person at Venice. Ultimately, Mannar and Deepa stage a plan with the help of Kurup to deceive Madhan for the final break-up with Ambu. Madhan arrives at the place and some mix-ups and misunderstandings take place among the characters. Finally, Madhan realises that Ambu has fallen in love with Mannar and accepts it with a heavy heart. At the same time, Rajan recovers from cancer. The film ends as everyone returns to India on the cruise, with Madhan falling for Deepa.'] ["The narrator, Tommy , is young, clever, charming, and attractive. He's got a smart, pretty girlfriend, Beth , a young Manhattanite and urban conservationist. He's also very good at his investment broker job, impressing his ruthless, cynical boss, Cash . When a key member of Tommy's sales team suddenly leaves for a competitor, Tommy needs to fill his spot quickly, and takes a chance on the bumbling Daniel , a former avionics engineer and computer geek who seems a bit naïve about high finance and a bit nervous around women. Tommy takes Daniel under his wing, showing him how to dress, where to socialize, and how to charm attractive women. Their relationship is threatened when Daniel begins spending more time with Beth, joining her book club, and becoming her confidant. Tommy begins to question his decision to share his wisdom with Daniel, while Daniel is forced to decide what success really means to him, and where his loyalties lie."] ["East Side Story is the story of Diego , a young, closeted Latino, who helps his grandmother  run the family restaurant while carrying on a relationship with equally closeted Pablo . Diego has long felt trapped by the conservative culture of East LA and plans to move away and open an upscale restaurant, hopefully with his lover, but Pablo views their relationship very differently - a point driven home when he begins dating Diego's Aunt Bianca . At the same time, Wesley and his boyfriend move in, gentrifying the neighborhood. The attraction between Wesley and Diego is immediate and electric, forcing both men to reexamine their state of affairs."] ["Angelo Barberini is the oddball son of Italian immigrants Gino and Maria, who inadvertently ended up in Canada rather than the United States of America. Angelo shocks his parents - and his sister, Anna - by moving out on his own without getting married, and, shortly after that, shocks them further still when he reveals as gay. But his boyfriend , policeman Nino Paventi, isn't as ready to come out of the closet - especially not to his busybody Sicilian mother, Lina."] ["A pretty young bank clerk, Ruth Brock , catches the eye of all the young men in the small town of Marysville, including a rich playboy, Romer Sheffield . Ruth's flirtation with Sheffield angers her date, Conny Billup , and she becomes the subject of local gossip, with disastrous results for her reputation. Soon Ruth's childhood sweetheart, Bill Fadden , returns for a visit, clearly still interested in her."] ['Matt Grabowski  is a passive closeted gay man who works as a loan officer in a bank. He awakes one morning to find that his roommate has moved out, stealing all of his furniture. He\'s assigned a loan application for Mister Pickwick, an important client, and pressured to approve it despite the client not really qualifying. He\'s forced to take the client out to a stripper bar and after an uncomfortable time there, he\'s gay bashed on his way home. All of these incidents inspire Matt to sign up for "Butch Camp" to learn how to stand up for himself. Butch Camp is run by Samantha Rottweiler , a Teutonic lesbian who puts campers through a regimen of physical training, self-defense instruction and verbal abuse designed to toughen them up. Rottweiller characterizes straights as "the enemy" and under the theory "know thy enemy" requires campers to learn straight lingo . Rottweiler sends campers out on "assignments" in the straight world, like making them hang out in straight bars. On one such assignment, Matt meets hairdresser Janet Cockswell  and her boyfriend Rod . He becomes friends with Janet; Rod is initially somewhat resentful of him but eventually warms up as the three hang out more. Matt finds himself developing a crush on Rod. Janet, not realizing Matt is gay, sets her sights on him. Janet gets him to her salon under the false pretense of a fight with Rod and seduces him. Rod finds out about it and he and Janet argue, with dialog implying that Rod might be gay himself. A day or two later, Rod runs into Matt and confronts him. As they start to talk it out  they\'re suddenly confronted by an armed robber who inexplicably forces them to strip before running off. Shaken, the guys go to Matt\'s place and have some drinks. They talk and Rod, noticing that Matt is bruised and sore, offers him a back rub. The massage becomes more sensual until Rod becomes ill. Suddenly Janet shows up. Rod hides while Janet tries to seduce Matt again, but Matt comes out to her instead and she leaves, but only after Matt agrees to remain friends with her. Rod, blaming the alcohol, also leaves. At work, Matt refuses to approve the questionable loan and the bank manager fires him. Depressed, he avoids Rod and Janet for weeks. Meanwhile, Rod breaks up with Janet and comes out to one of his friends, who drops him. Rod sneaks into Matt\'s apartment. Rod wants to be with Matt but Matt is worried about having his heart broken again. Rod leaves with the situation unresolved. Matt\'s preparing for his Butch Camp "final exam"  while trying to get a hold of Rod and to decide whether to help his old bank with a sting operation against Mister Pickwick. On his way to the exam he stumbles across his old manager, cross-dressed, being beaten by the same basher who attacked Matt. Using what he learned at Butch Camp, Matt defeats the basher. Rod, hearing of Matt\'s actions, tracks him down. They reconcile over a romantic dinner and dance together at the restaurant. They go back to Matt\'s place and make love. Matt helps his old bank execute the sting and his boss, grateful for his help and for his rescue , hires him back with a promotion. Back at work, Matt spots a Butch Camp flyer on a co-worker\'s desk and smiles encouragingly. At Butch Camp, Matt graduates and is awarded the "Medal of Honor" for removing the basher from the streets. The film closes with the Butch Camp graduates marching in Chicago\'s annual gay pride parade.'] ["Leung plays Jennifer, the spoiled-rotten daughter of a millionaire. When Jennifer's father realizes that she's spending way too much money, he hires Kit  to pretend to be a Filipino chauffeur and chaperone her. Then, Jennifer's father decides that he's going to teach her the value of money and hard-work, so he pretends to be ill, leaving all the money to Pamela, his business partner. Pamela kicks Jennifer out into the street to live with Kit/Mario. The two learn to live together and work hard to get back on top."] ['Michael Dorsey  is a respected but perfectionist actor. Nobody in New York wants to hire him anymore because it is difficult to work with him. According to his long-suffering agent George Fields , Michael\'s attention to detail and difficult reputation got him fired from playing a tomato in a television commercial, because the idea of a tomato sitting down was "illogical" to him. After many months without a job, Michael hears of an opening on the soap opera Southwest General from his friend and acting student Sandy Lester , who tries out for the role of hospital administrator but doesn\'t get it. In desperation, he dresses as a woman, auditions as "Dorothy Michaels" and wins the part. Michael takes the job as a way to raise $8,000 to produce a play written by his roommate Jeff Slater , entitled Return To Love Canal. Michael plays his character as a feisty, feminist administrator, which surprises the other actors and crew who expected her to be another swooning female in the plot. Over time, however, his character Dorothy Michaels becomes a television sensation. When Sandy catches Michael in her bedroom half undressed , he covers up by professing he wants to have sex with her. They have sex despite his better judgment about her self-esteem issues. Michael believes Sandy is too emotionally fragile to handle the truth about him winning the part of Dorothy, especially after noticing her strong resentment of Dorothy getting the part. Their relationship, combined with his deception, complicates his now busy schedule. Exacerbating matters further, he is strongly attracted to one of his co-stars, lovely, soft-spoken Julie Nichols , a single mother in an unhealthy relationship with the show\'s amoral, sexist director, Ron Carlisle . At a party, when Michael  approaches Julie with a line that she had previously told Dorothy to which she would be receptive, she throws a drink in his face. Later, as Dorothy, when he makes tentative advances, Julie is shocked and later tells Dorothy that she likes "her," but not in a romantic way. Meanwhile, Dorothy has her own admirers to contend with: older cast member John Van Horn  and Julie\'s widowed father Les . John follows Dorothy home and almost forces himself on her, stopped only by Jeff walking in on them. Les even proposes marriage. Jeff and George are in on the masquerade and watch in amazement as the situation escalates out of control. The tipping point comes when, due to Dorothy\'s popularity, the show\'s producers want to extend her contract for another year. Michael finds a clever way to extricate himself. When the cast is forced to perform the show live, he improvises a grand speech on camera, pulls off his wig and reveals that he is actually the character\'s twin brother who took her place to avenge her. Sandy, Les and Jeff, who are all watching at home, have varying reactions of shock, the exception being Jeff, who simply remarks, "That... is one nutty hospital." The revelation allows everybody a more-or-less graceful way out. Julie, however, is so outraged that she slugs him in the stomach off-camera. Some weeks later, Michael awkwardly makes peace with Les in a bar, and Les shows tentative support for Michael\'s attraction to Julie. Later, Michael waits for Julie outside the studio. Julie resists talking but finally admits she misses Dorothy. When he confesses that "I was a better man with you as a woman than I ever was with a woman as a man", she forgives him and they walk off, Julie asking him to lend her a dress.'] ["Office worker Mary Briany  finds out she is being demoted by the boss she secretly loves in order to make room for his girlfriend. She tries to commit suicide by jumping into the river. Tony Woodward  is driving by and rescues her, much to her annoyance. He takes her back to his mansion, but he and his butler Godfrey  have great difficulty getting her to behave. Meanwhile, Tony is to be married the next day to childish heiress Vera Barton . She reveals to Tony's friend Lord Rufus Paul  that she plans to change Tony's lifestyle completely - no more smoking or drinking, among other things. Her millionaire father  promises his nearly penniless future son-in-law 5000 pounds to pay for a partnership in a company. Later, Mary crashes Tony's bachelor party, dressed in drag in his younger brother's clothes. The next day, Vera and her father find Tony, Mary and his friends passed out on the floor. As a result, Vera breaks off the wedding. With only £300 and deeply in debt, Tony proposes a suicide pact to Mary. They will fly to Monte Carlo to try to win a fortune at the casino. If they lose, they will kill themselves. The first day does not go well. They are ready to jump off a cliff when a gentleman finds them and gives them £20 they didn't know they had won. On their second chance, they split up to gamble. Tony loses, but Mary has an incredible lucky streak and wins a large amount of money. Meanwhile, Vera decides she wants to marry Tony after all. Rufus brings news about Tony's whereabouts and they go to Monte Carlo. Vera embraces Tony before Mary can tell him the good news. Heartbroken, Mary climbs out on the hotel ledge, but Tony finds her and tells her he loves her."] ['{{Plot}} Casey Meadows is a free-spirited young woman working as a dishwasher in an upscale restaurant when one day she receives a hand-delivered job offer as a driver for Brentwood Limousine Service. The company manager, McBride is appalled at Casey\'s young, brash presence... and the fact that she\'s a woman in an all-male establishment. McBride soon learns that Mr. Witherspoon, the company owner, personally handpicked her and offered the letter of employment. McBride reluctantly agrees to hire her, but warns her that she will be fired if she steps out of line. Casey experiences sexism and chauvinism from her fellow,  limo drivers. While frustrated at her lack of acceptance and tolerance amongst her new co-workers, she does manage to find some kindness and support in Jeremy O\'Brien, an older Irish driver. Jeremy convinces her to tough it out and give the change-hating men time to adjust to her presence. She agrees to stay. Casey is routinely given bad assignments that are engineered to get her fired. Her first job is driving a high, oversexed and hung-over British punk rock singer named "Cat Fight"  to his concert. Casey finds Cat Fight in a motel bed with three nude women in a drug-induced stupor. Realizing she\'ll be fired if she doesn\'t deliver him to the concert, she takes a cooler full of ice water and dumps it on Cat Fight\'s bed. Casey manages to get Cat Fight and the three women  into the car. Despite many shenannigans, including Cat Fight stealing the panties from a senior citizen, Casey manages to bring him into the arena just in time for the concert. Then he barely makes it onto the stage with the girls in time. The following day, McBride learns of the incident involving the senior citizen and prepares to fire her. However, Cat Fight\'s manager comes in and personally thanks both McBride and Casey for delivering Cat to the concert on-time... a first for him. The act manages to temporarily prevent her firing. Casey is assigned to transport Battle Witherspoon, an arrogant, heartless, workaholic executive who is stalking his ex-girlfriend. The angry ex tells him she can no longer stand to be with him and says she is pregnant with another man\'s child. Casey, sympathetic, offers visibily devastated Battle some liquor from the onboard bar. After consuming an excessive amount, Battle runs out of the car and strips his clothes off, running through a park, making a huge nuisance of himself. He finally returns to the limo and passes out. Not knowing where Battle\'s residence is, Casey takes him to her home so he can recover from the day\'s events. The following morning, he awakens and is back to his old hateful self, hurtfully insulting Casey before leaving. Unbeknownst to Casey, Battle Witherspoon is actually the son of the Mr. Witherspoon, the owner of the limo company. Mr. Witherspoon orders Battle to check out another of his companies upstate in Sonoma. Casey is assigned to drive Battle up north, much to their mutual displeasure. Halfway through the trip, the car overheats and breaks down in a remote location on the highway. Battle and Casey walk off in search of a phone. After walking and bickering for several hours, night falls and they get caught in a rainstorm. Casey sprains her ankle and is unable to walk. Battle continues his walk while carrying Casey in his arms. They finally find a rustic cabin occupied by a hillbilly couple, who invite them to spend the night. Both are put in a bedroom with a single bed and after another one of their arguments, Battle kisses her. Both finally acknowledge their mutual passionate attaction and make love. The following morning, Battle proposes marriage but Casey refuses, fearing he will return to his emotionally-distant ways. Much later, Casey is next assigned to transport a Middle Eastern sheik to a meeting. The shiek  is approached by a con artist [Penn Jillette] out for a wild night on the town complete with an orgy with prostitutes. After Casey returns, she is fired by McBride after learning that police and government agents have been searching for the missing sheik the whole time he was out on the town and learning of the details of the orgy. Realizing that he\'s fallen for Casey, Battle starts making some positive changes in his life and continues his efforts to court Casey. He slowly wins Casey over and takes her home to meet his father. When she arrives at the estate, she experiences Deja Vu, recalling the times she played in the Witherspoon mansion as a child. It turns out that Casey\'s mother was formerly employed by Witherspoon. But shockingly, Witherspoon reveals that he is Casey\'s biological father, making Battle and Casey siblings. Just then, Jeremy comes into the room with Giles, another limo driver, ordering Giles to confess what he knows about Casey\'s paternity. He reveals Witherspoon is not Casey\'s biological father, Giles is. Giles was in a relationship with Casey\'s mother before she and Witherspoon spent their "little weekend together". Giles  reveals that he denied paternity in order that Casey would receive stable financial support as an heiress to the Witherspoon fortune. Casey makes amends with Giles The movie ends with Battle and Casey\'s wedding. As they climb into the back of a Brentwood Limousine. The driver is McBride, who has finally received his comeuppance for his mysogynic treatment of Casey.'] ['Lance Valenteen  makes a living as "Mr Fix It", a guy who is hired by men to get them back together with their ex-girlfriends. Lance dates the guy\'s ex-girlfriend and becomes the worst date ever, sending her back to her ex-boyfriend\'s arms. When Lance is hired by Bill Smith  to get Sophia Fiori  back, Lance ends up falling for her.'] ["Two young lovers, Sam Freeman  and Paula Powers , want to get married in Las Vegas. When Paula introduces Sam to her parents they dispute their daughter's decision: they see Collins Hedgeworth , the son of a wealthy family in the area, as her fiancée. Paula's parents are rich as well and her father, Bigby Powers , is planning to run for governor. They think Sam is marrying Paula for the money and call him a fortune hunter, which Paula fiercely disputes. Sam is thrown off the premises and Paula is sent to her room. She escapes through the window, steals her parents' Rolls-Royce, picks up Sam and hits the road: this is the beginning of two runaway lovers in a wild explosive car chase and race towards Las Vegas. As news of their elopement spreads, several people start off after them to try to stop the fleeing couple. Paula's father, Bigby Powers starts the chase by arranging his helicopter. Collins Hedgeworth leaves his stable and starts chasing his love interest like mad. When he calls to the TenQ radio station – to DJ Curly Q. Brown  – he offers a USD$25,000 reward for the ones who can catch Paula and Sam. As a result the chase becomes more and more chaotic as many people along and on the road try to stop the couple in order to claim the reward. A number of cars are wrecked and stolen, and a subsequent reward of $25,000 is offered for Collins Hedgeworth, who is wanted by the police for grand theft auto, after he stole a car. With so many cars following them, Paula and Sam turn onto small, country roads to try to lose their pursuers. He wants to head somewhere else to get married, but she is set on a Vegas wedding. Paula's father makes an emotional appeal to her via telephone, but she refuses to listen to him. As they approach Las Vegas, Sam begins to have doubts about Paula's reasons for elopment, and questions whether she is genuinely motivated by affection for him or a desire to spite her father. She persuades him that she does want to marry him. The chase is gaining increasing coverage in the news media, with live cameras following the chase. The pursuing cars become involved in a demolition derby, leading to a massive pile-up. The priceless Rolls Royce is totally destroyed, but Paula and Sam manage to escape. They eventually get married."] ['A career bank robber, Jack Foley , and a U.S. Marshal, Karen Sisco , are forced to share her car trunk during Foley\'s escape from a Florida prison. After he completes his getaway, Sisco chases Foley while he and his friends—his right-hand man, Buddy , and their unreliable associate, Glenn —work their way north to Bloomfield Hills, a wealthy northern suburb of Detroit. There they plan to pay a visit to shady businessman Ripley , who foolishly bragged to them years before about a cache of uncut diamonds hidden in his home. A vicious criminal named Maurice Miller  who also spent time in jail with Jack and Ripley is planning on hitting up Ripley\'s mansion with his own crew, including Kenneth  and White Boy Bob . A romantic interlude between Foley and Sisco takes place in a Detroit hotel, but the question of whether she is really pursuing Foley to arrest him or for love ends in a showdown during the robbery and adds to "the fun" Foley claims they are having.'] ["Hervé is a teenage boy in junior high school with ordinary looks and middling grades, living with his single mother in a housing estate in Rennes. He and his best friend Camel often fantastize about their female classmates and their mothers, but have less luck with girls in reality. Hervé unsuccessfully pursues romances with various girls at his school, including with Laura, who accepts his offer of a date as a joke. After Aurore, a beautiful, popular girl at school, asks him on a date, they embark on an awkward relationship. Although Hervé and Camel are frequent masturbators, while both alone and together, Hervé and Aurore are slow to engage in sexual activity beyond kissing. Aurore eventually breaks up with Hervé when his friends try to grope her in a game of Dungeons & Dragons and she discovers that he lied to them about having sex with her. The film concludes with the characters in high school; Hervé is dating Sabrina, Camel is dating Jenifer, Aurore is dating Wulfran, and Hervé's mother is married to Anas's father."] ["Jack Campbell is a single, wealthy Wall Street executive living the high life in New York City. He is in the midst of putting together a billion dollar merger and has ordered an emergency meeting on Christmas Day to ensure its success. Family clearly has no meaning for him. In his office, on Christmas Eve, he is surprised to hear that his former girlfriend, Kate, tried to call him after many years. After reminiscing a bit, he walks into a convenience store where a lottery contestant, Cash, barges in saying that he has a winning ticket. The store clerk believes that Cash is lying and refuses to give him his winnings. Cash pulls out a gun and is about to shoot the clerk before Jack offers to buy the ticket from him, thus averting disaster. Jack and Cash settle their business deal outside, and Jack arrogantly offers to help Cash before going to sleep in his penthouse. The next morning, on Christmas Day, Jack wakes up in a suburban New Jersey bedroom with Kate and two children. Shocked and confused, he hurries back to his office and condo in New York, but not even his closest friends recognize him. Confused, Jack runs out to the street and encounters Cash, who is now driving Jack's Ferrari. Cash explains that Jack is experiencing a glimpse of an alternate universe in order to learn a lesson. What that lesson is unknown and is personal to Jack's life. Jack realizes that he is living the life he could have had if he had not gone to London to study and become an investment banker but had stayed in the United States with his then girlfriend. He instead has a modest family life, where he is a tire salesman and Kate is a non-profit lawyer. Jack struggles to fit into the role of a family man, making many serious blunders such as missing opening Christmas presents, flirting with a married woman, and forgetting his anniversary. Very soon, Jack's young daughter realizes his secret and decides to assist him in surviving his new life. He begins to succeed in his life, bonding with his children, falling in love with his wife, and working hard at his dull job. He suddenly finds himself being offered a contract to work at the very same investment firm from his real life, having impressed the Chairman of the firm with his business savvy when he came in for a tire change. His old mentor once again gladly offers him a job, while a formerly sycophantic employee is instead in Jack's old position, with an assertiveness he did not possess as a subordinate. While he is wowed by the potential salary and other complimentary extreme luxuries, Kate argues that they are very happy where they are and that they should be thankful for the life they have. Just as Jack is finally realizing the true value of his new life, he sees Cash again  and demands to stay in this life, but, though sorrowful of Jack's situation, Cash informs him that there is nothing he can do. So, his epiphany jolts him back to his wealthy—yet as he now realizes, lonely and unfulfilled—former life on Christmas Day. In desperation, he forgoes closing his $130 billion pharmaceutical acquisition deal to intercept Kate, who had left the message the day before. He finds her moving out of a luxury townhouse. Like Jack, she also focused on her career and became a very wealthy lawyer. Furthermore, she had only called him to give back some of his old possessions. Before she moves to Paris, he runs after her at the airport and describes the family they had in the alternate universe in an effort to win back her love. Shocked but intrigued, she agrees to a cup of coffee at the airport, suggesting that they might have a future after all."] ['{{Anchor}} Seventeen-year-old Izzy Daniels  is a star boxer and the son of a golden-glove champion. His eight year old sister, Karin, is crazy about Double Dutch and Izzy is asked to take Karin and her friends to a Double Dutch competition, where Mary and her team are entering. Izzy has often seen them Double Dutch and is always bothering them, but during the competition he acts out of character, standing and cheering along with everyone else, but he doesn\'t after his mother\'s death. Izzy has a complicated relationship with his neighbor Mary . They always bother each other whenever they see each other. Mary is a member of the jump team The Joy Jumpers, who place fourth in the tournament. They make the city finals, but when Yolanda, the fourth member of the team, decides to quit and join their rival team, The Dutch Dragons, they face the prospect of forfeiting the tournament. Izzy, after learning of Yolanda\'s departure, quips "Why, did she finally figure out Double Dutch is lame?" Mary then challenges Izzy to speed jump, and when he does it much better than they expect, they ask him to join the team, but he refuses because of what his friends might think. When the other members of the Joy Jumpers, Keisha and Shauna, ask him to fill in until they find a permanent replacement, he finally relents. His conditions are that they practice before school and in his dad\'s boxing gym, where no one\'s going to watch. Meanwhile, Izzy has a boxing match with Rodney Tyler, the bully, determining who will win the "Golden Gloves", which goes to the best boxer. Izzy beats him, but Rodney doesn\'t accept it. He claims he just got lucky and pushes Izzy for a rematch. Izzy says no, and walks out of the gym. Izzy improves tremendously at Double Dutch, and begins to love the sport. He tells the Joy Jumpers that he\'d like to be on their team permanently, and they happily agree. Izzy and Mary begin to get along better and eventually they fall in love. One night, Mary kisses Izzy, showing him her true feelings. The Next Day, when Rodney finds Izzy jumping Double Dutch before class, he snaps some photos, prints them and hangs them all over the school. He then tells Izzy, "So that\'s why you won\'t give me a rematch! \'Cuz you\'re too busy jumping Double Dutch!" Izzy becomes mad and says he\'ll do the rematch.Izzy gets mad and walks right past Mary. Mary tries to convince him not to quit their team but Izzy coldly ignores her and wants nothing more to do with her and the team. Mary is disappointed in him and she leaves. The only girl boxer, Tammy, understands how Izzy feels. She gives him a pep talk on how she never quit boxing when the guys teased her, and that he shouldn\'t quit either, just because they made fun of him. In the middle of the rematch fight, he tells Rodney that he\'s sick of being mad and that he\'s not going to let his anger control him. He walks out of the match and Rodney runs after him, intent on beating him up. But he trips on the cords surrounding the ring, giving Izzy a chance to get even. Instead, he just walks out. Meanwhile, Mary, Keisha and Shauna meet up for the city finals, but without Izzy, they feel like giving up. Izzy then walks in and asks, "What, were you really gonna start without me?" He apologizes and Mary Jokes around with him ,smiles and then hands him a uniform. They change their name to the Hot Chili Steppers and all is forgiven as the tournament begins. They get first in the compulsory, then second in speed. This ties them with the Dutch Dragons and the freestyle will determine it all. They blew the stage up .The Hot Chili Steppers get first, and go on to the State Championship. After their performance, Izzy notices Rodney in the crowd, and asks him for a truce, which he accepts. Izzy had finally won the respect of his dad Kenneth  and Mary\'s love. The narrator in the story was Rodney, who works as one of the gym teachers teaching boxing to young kids, and often tells them Izzy\'s story as inspiration. He also states to all of the kids that Izzy and Mary are now a couple. The film closes with Izzy teaching his dad to jump rope with the help of his little sister, Mary and the other girls during the end credits, after they celebrate while winning the tournament. The website can be viewed at {{URL}}'] ['Reuben Feffer , an insurance risk assessment expert, is celebrating his honeymoon with newlywed wife, Lisa Kramer , on the island of St. Barts but catches her having sex with Claude , a French scuba instructor. Returning home to New York, he attempts to piece his life back together. Reuben goes to an art gallery with his friend, Sandy Lyle , where he runs into former junior high school classmate Polly Prince . Reuben and Polly begin dating, with her introducing him to activities he once wrote off as "too risky," such as eating at a Moroccan restaurant and salsa dancing, which culminates with the pair enthusiastically sleeping together, with Reuben shouting "50" as he orgasms. The contrast between their two personalities is a source of comedy throughout the film until Lisa returns and tells him she wants to reconcile their relationship. Reuben is torn between the free-spirited Polly and the safe and familiar Lisa. To solve this issue he enters information about Polly and Lisa into a computer insurance program which measures risk. The computer tells him that, despite his numerous blunders with her, Polly is the best choice for him. Polly joins Reuben on a sailing trip he\'s going in order to inspect Leland Van Lew , a high risk client, but gets offended when she sees his risk analysis of herself and rejects his proposal to move in together, telling him that he\'d be better off going back to Lisa. Back home, Reuben tries talking to Polly but to no avail. He eventually invites Lisa to Sandy\'s opening show, where he learns that Polly is leaving New York in a few hours. After a speech given by his father, Irving , to Sandy, Reuben realizes he wants to be with Polly and not Lisa, and he rushes to her apartment to stop her from leaving. Polly is not convinced she should stay with him, so Reuben eats food off the ground to prove he is capable of taking risks. The movie ends with Reuben and Polly on the beach where he and Lisa had their honeymoon at the beginning of the film. Reuben again encounters Claude, but instead of being angry he thanks Claude, and then heads into the water with Polly.'] [' A story about a gal who lost her reputation - and never missed it! Tira  shimmies and sings in the sideshow of Big Bill Barton\'s Wonder Show, while her current boyfriend, pickpocket "Slick" , relieves her distracted audience of their valuables for Big Bill ([[Edward Arnold . One of the customers arranges a private rendezvous, during which she shows him her collection of jewelry from her many admirers. However, a jealous Slick barges in and hits him with a bottle. Mistakenly thinking he has killed the man, Slick flees, but is caught and jailed. Fearing that Slick will implicate her, Tira asks Big Bill for a loan to retain her lawyer, Bennie Pinkowitz . He agrees on condition that she does her lion taming act, which includes putting her head into the mouth of one of the beasts, promising her that it will get her  to the "Big Show". It does.  Tira\'s fame takes her to New York City, where wealthy Kirk Lawrence  is smitten, despite being engaged to snobbish socialite Alice Hatton . He showers her with expensive gifts. Kirk\'s friend and even richer cousin, Jack Clayton , goes to see Tira to ask her to leave Kirk and his fiancée alone. He ends up falling for her himself. Tira and Jack’s romance leads to a wedding engagement. Tira tells Big Bill she is quitting to get married. Unwilling to lose his prize act, he has Slick, recently released from prison, sneak into Tira\'s penthouse suite, where Jack finds him in his robe. As a result, Jack breaks off the engagement. Jilted, Tira sues Jack for breach of promise. The defense tries to use her past relationships to discredit her, but the judge allows her to cross examine the witnesses herself and in doing so she wins over not only the judge and jury, but also Jack. Jack agrees to give her a big settlement cheque. When he goes to see her, Tira tears up the cheque, and the two reconcile.'] ['Helen MacFarquhar , a middle-aged bookseller, having recently divorced and after sending her daughter off to summer camp, and her nagging ex-husband trying to convince her to pay for some of their daughter\'s activities is ready to move on to the next stage in her life. One morning, as she is going through the mail, she discovers an anonymous blue love letter, without an envelope and a name. Having discovered this letter in her mail, in her bookstore, she naturally thinks it is for her. But the only question is, who is it from? At first, she thinks it is from George Matthias, the local fireman, but decides it couldn\'t be him, after trying to give him subtle hints  Not having any idea who may be the writer of the love letter, she just puts it away in her purse and tries to forget about it. Then, Johnny, a college student who has a summer job working in Helen\'s bookstore, is invited to her house for dinner. During dinner she puts two wine glasses and a bottle next to her purse, which has the letter in it. By mistake, and not noticing it, Helen accidentally knocks the letter out of the purse. While in the kitchen cooking, she tells Johnny to have some wine. Johnny comes across the letter, and is struck by it. He mistakenly thinks it is from Helen! Later that night, he begins to "peel an orange", a line from the letter. Seeing his hint, Helen rushes into the house and says goodnight. Johnny leaves. In the next few weeks, Johnny and Helen meet and begin an affair, each thinking the other wrote the letter. Helen goes to the bookstore, and brings the letter with her. She leaves her purse on the desk. Then, Helen\'s manager, Janet Hall , arrives. Helen decides not to tell her about the letter just yet. While she is upstairs working, George comes in with new smoke detectors for the store. Janet accepts them, but the desk collapses, along with Helen\'s purse, which contains the letter. In all the chaos, the letter is mixed in with the instruction manuals for the smoke detectors. George, before leaving, says "Make sure you read the manuals first." Then, Janet opens the manual, and the letter falls out. She reads it and thinks it is from George. Later that day, Janet rushes over to tell Helen about the letter. But Helen, not knowing how to say it, just takes it and says "It\'s mine". Janet, angry at Helen for not having faith in her happiness, quits her job as manager. Amidst all the confusion, it is revealed that the letter was actually written by Helen\'s mother\'s lover, another woman. Early in her life, Helen\'s mother fell in love with a woman who wrote her a letter expressing her love. Considering the conservative time period and social stigma, the relationship was never to be, but Helen\'s mom had kept the letter to help her remember her past. All the confusion is cleared up and Helen connects with her mom when she tells her about her past affair.'] ['Danny Muldoon , a 38-year-old Chicago policeman, still lives with his overbearing Irish mother, Rose Muldoon . A lonely bachelor, Danny falls in love with Theresa Luna , an introverted, lonely girl who works in her father\'s funeral home as a cosmetician. On their first date, he takes her to Comiskey Park  and has a picnic on the field. Their courtship eventually becomes very difficult because Rose begins to feel threatened that Theresa is trying to steal her son away; the fact that Theresa is not Irish  only exacerbates the situation. Danny\'s brother Patrick  tries to convince Danny to remain unmarried so that Danny and Rose can move down to Florida, where Danny can take care of her; Salvatore "Sal" Buonarte , one of Danny\'s married friends and fellow police officers, tries to tell Danny that he can do better and not to settle down just yet, as he did. Because of this, Danny begins to feel guilty about his relationship with Theresa, especially towards his mother. This leads to his interrupting dates with Theresa to check on his mother. When Theresa is finally introduced to Rose at a fancy dinner, Rose immediately begins to put her down. Theresa stands up to Rose, and complains to Danny as to why he didn\'t stand up for her. After Theresa leaves, Danny scolds his mother for being so cruel to Theresa, saying that her way of "telling it like it is" is really her attempts to hurt people. He then reminds her of how she had lost a $450,000 account for his late father\'s company after calling his bosses racial slurs. Danny then tells Rose that he will propose to Theresa, whether she approves or not. That night, Danny apologizes to Theresa and proposes to her from the bucket of a Chicago fire truck. She says yes and the two are set to be married. However, even though Rose finally does approve of Theresa, on the night before the wedding, Danny calls to check on his mother in front of Theresa. Angered at the fact that they might never be alone, Theresa walks off. At the wedding, both Danny and Theresa fail to show up, thus, the two don\'t marry. A few weeks later, Danny\'s friends question what happened to make them not get married, but Danny avoids an answer. Then, when a friend of the family, Doyle  passes away, alone with no wife or children, Danny realizes that he doesn\'t want to end up that way, and realizes that he can\'t let Theresa go. Finally, the day Danny and Rose are scheduled to move to Florida, Danny tells Rose that he can\'t let Theresa go and by leaving her behind, he\'d be leaving behind the best thing that ever happened to him. Reluctant at first, Rose finally agrees to Danny\'s plan and goes to Florida without him, instructing her son to get married, have a family and be happy. Danny then goes to Luna\'s Funeral Home to look for Theresa. However, her father tells him that she left for New York City by train. Danny contacts the railroad station manager, who agrees to stop the train at a suburban station outside the city. There, Danny apologizes to Theresa and proclaims his love for her. He tells her that he will move to New York with her and join the New York City Police Department. Having no more guilt about his mother, the two re-board the train for New York to live the rest of their lives together. Throughout the film, the Muldoons\' Greek neighbor, Nick Acropolis , who encourages Danny to pursue Theresa, attempts to woo Rose. Rose is salty towards him in the beginning, but as she gradually softens her stance regarding Danny\'s relationship with Theresa, she ultimately warms up to Nick.'] ['A night watchman  checks out a sailor who has rowed up to the dock. The seaman stops him from bothering an obviously wealthy young woman who walks to the end of the pier, apparently waiting for someone. The sailor begins recounting her story and the film segues into one long, continuous flashback. Joe "the Greek" Adams  is a gambler and grifter with a couple of problems. First, he and his treacherous partner Zepp ([[Paul Stewart  have received draft notices to join the army for World War II. Fortunately, he has a solution. One of his underlings, Joe Bascopolous, has just died, and his status was 4F . So one of them can dodge the draft by taking his identity. They gamble for it; Zepp cheats, but Joe wins anyway. As it turns out, Zepp fails his physical examination. The other problem is a lack of money to bankroll his gambling ship. He talks the head of the local War Relief organization, Captain Veronica Steadman , into authorizing him to run a "charity" casino, promising to raise enough money to outfit a relief ship, despite the suspicions of her lieutenant, wealthy socialite Dorothy Bryant . Eventually, he even charms her. She tells her snobbish grandfather , to his great dismay, that "Joe\'s the first man I\'ve ever met I\'m afraid of. It\'s exciting." At one point, Joe teaches Dorothy Australian rhyming slang, for example "tit for tat" , "twist and twirl" , and "trouble and strife" . Later, he renames his gambling ship in her honor. On the day of the charity ball, Joe receives a letter addressed to Bascopolous, written in Greek. Curious about its contents, he takes it to a Greek Orthodox priest for translation. It turns out to be from Bascopolous\' mother in Greece, who wrote to tell her son about German paratroopers invading their village. She describes how every Greek man valiantly fought to the death, defending their country\'s honor. Moved, Joe spends several hours on a park bench, examining his life. At the charity ball, Joe\'s men use false bottoms in the cashboxes to steal most of the money. Joe has a change of heart and tells his right-hand man, the "Crunk" , that the money is going to war relief. But Zepp overhears what he says and forces him at gunpoint to collect the loot. Dorothy accidentally catches them in the act and thinks Joe is a willing participant. To protect her, he is forced to knock her out. Then, when Zepp briefly looks away, Joe attacks and kills him, but not before getting shot. Joe escapes through a window, leaving behind a trail of blood. Just when it seems to everyone that Joe is a heel, he sends the money back to Dorothy by way of his trusted friend Swede . He then loads up his ship with war relief supplies. Later, Dorothy is stricken when a policeman informs her that Bascopolous is dead. Then she sees the photograph of the dead man; it isn\'t her Joe. When the name of the ship Bascopolous worked on is mentioned , she knows where to find him. She rushes to the dock, just as the ship is departing for Europe. She begs Joe to take her with him, but he brushes her off and turns away to hide his own anguish. The ship is torpedoed and sunk on the return trip. Dorothy visits the dock each night, stubbornly waiting for Joe to return to her. The movie returns to the opening scene: Swede rows up in a dinghy one foggy evening and tells Dorothy\'s story to the new night watchman. Hoping that she would be present, he arranged for Joe to meet him there. But when Joe shows up at the other end of the pier, he wants to go out on the town to celebrate their last night in port rather than going back to their ship. Thinking quickly, the guard tells him he can\'t leave the dinghy tied up where it is. Joe and Swede argue about who has to move it. The watchman settles it by flipping a crooked, two-headed coin, ensuring Joe loses. When he walks to the end of the dock, Dorothy sees him and rushes into his arms.'] ['While Beth Goodwin  is a happily married mother of two children - living with a pianist  - psychiatrist Larry Livingstone  is living a New York life with his wife Jo  and their two young children. Three years later, Beth’s husband Peter suddenly becomes paralyzed in his hands and commits suicide, leaving Beth and the children heartbroken. Larry is abandoned by his wife and two children, who have moved to London since the split. He is introduced to Beth at a party of Martin  and Sidney , and an immediate attraction to each other ensues. Larry is more occupied by the attendance of Jo though, who has shown up with her new flame, actor Jack . At the end of the night, he brings home Beth, and is welcomed by her children Cathy  and Petey . Even though Beth’s mother Neenie  criticizes him for having given up on his marriage with Jo too fast, Larry continues to meet with Beth. He even introduces his children Robin  and Billy  to the Goodwins, but they do not blend well together. Especially Robin blames her father for replacing Jo with Beth, and a planned wedding is shoved due to the continuing frictions. Sidney, Beth’s best friend, advises Beth to give Larry another chance, explaining how love is not always perfect by giving example of how Martin has committed adultery. Simultaneously, Larry dresses up as Cupid and convinces her to marry him. She quickly starts to worry about their future though, fearing that Larry will one day abandon her the way Peter did. Realizing that the families are not easy to put together as one whole family, Larry proposes to move to another apartment, explaining that their current residence will always be Cathy and Petey’s father’s place. Beth’s children react dismissive of Larry’s idea, refusing to let another family live in their father’s place. This situation is the cause of the worsening relationship between the Goodwins and the Livingstones. While Beth is overseas for work, Cathy starts to rebel, and is arrested for shoplifting at Bloomingdale’s. Larry continues to feel fulnerable to Jo, whose mother is revealed to be dying; prompting Jo to leave the children with Larry. Upon Beth’s return to New York, Larry is criticized for bad parenting of her children. Since the death of Neenie, he is more focused on comforting his ex-wife and two children in Maine. Jo admits that she still loves him, leaving Larry uncertain on what to do. He returns to New York, admitting to Beth that he did not commit adultery, despite feeling connected to Jo. For a short while, Beth distances herself from Larry, until he is finally able to ensure her that she is the only love in his life. Cathy and Petey mistake Larry and Beth’s night of making love for a violent struggle. Their fear that something has happened to them, makes the children realize how much they actually appreciate Larry. The film ends with the whole family accepting to move to a new house.'] ['Aurora  and Emma Greenway Horton  are mother and daughter, both searching for deep romantic love. Beginning with Emma\'s early childhood, Aurora reveals how difficult and caring she can be by nearly climbing into Emma\'s crib in order to make sure her daughter is breathing—only to be reassured once Emma starts crying . The two have an extremely close love-hate mother/daughter relationship as Emma grows up. The film follows both women across several years as each find their reasons for going on living and finding joy. Emma gets married immediately upon graduating High School in the Houston area, while her best friend Patsy  continues on to college, eventually becoming successful and rich in New York City. Emma has two children that she and her husband, college professor Flap Horton , struggle to support in Des Moines, Iowa, and she later telephones her mother and asks for money when she is pregnant with her third child. Aurora, not knowing by the telephone call that Emma is already several months pregnant, wants Emma to get an abortion. Emma\'s once-passionate marriage to Flap becomes strained, thanks mostly to his philandering, and she finds a lover in small-town, older banker Sam Burns , with whom she eventually has a romantic love affair as well. At the same time, Aurora cultivates the attention of several gentlemen in the area, some rather bizarre, but is attracted to her next door neighbor of fifteen years, the philandering, retired astronaut Garrett Breedlove . Garrett has been drinking heavily for years and partied with very young women at his home. Aurora and Garrett eventually go on a lunch date, make love and develop a tenuous relationship. One scene shows them speeding in his open Corvette convertible along a quiet beach as he recklessly sits on top of the car and steers with his foot. Emma returns to her mother\'s home in Houston after discovering her husband is having an affair with a young grad student named Janice, who attends the same college where Flap teaches. However, Emma\'s appearance along with her three children spooks Garrett, who has been single for a long time. After re-assessing his relationship with Aurora, Garrett breaks up with her, greatly upsetting Aurora. While Emma is in Houston, Flap telephones her and she reluctantly returns home to Iowa, attempting reconciliation with him. Both accept that they have each made mistakes. Emma ends the relationship with Sam after Flap accepts a new teaching position in Kearney, Nebraska. Although she does not want to, Emma agrees to relocate to further Flap\'s career. However, Emma soon discovers that Janice is attending the same college where Flap now works, realizing that Flap followed her to Nebraska. With her daughter in a stroller, Emma confronts Janice before taking her daughter to the doctor\'s office so both can get flu shots. While administering the injection, Emma\'s doctor notices two large lumps under her armpit. Although Emma is only in her 30s, the doctor orders a biopsy and discovers she has a "malignancy." Emma\'s childhood friend Patsy invites her to New York City for her first vacation without her children. However, after arriving, Emma feels out-of-place amongst Patsy\'s friends and returns home early to begin treatment for her illness. Later, her doctor informs her that the drugs she was taking did not "have the desired effect," and that she will not survive her illness. Flap and Aurora remain by her bedside in the hospital for weeks. Although devastated and exhausted, Aurora is still very supportive and loving towards Emma. Garrett flies to Lincoln, Nebraska and surprises Aurora, and the two proclaim their love for each other. After a discussion in the hospital cafeteria between Aurora and Flap, in which Aurora tells him he doesn\'t have the energy for a job, chasing women, and managing a family, Aurora tells Flap she will raise his and Emma\'s children in Houston. Although Patsy, who has no children of her own, wants to adopt Melanie, Flap and Emma do not want their children to be separated. Emma, not wanting Janice to raise her children and Flap, feeling like a failure as both a father and a husband, agree that living with Aurora is best for their children. As Emma\'s time begins to run short, Teddy shows open resentment toward his mother due to circumstances such as social class, fights between his parents, and Teddy\'s perception of feeling unloved. Emma reassures all three children they are loved, and after an altercation with Aurora, Teddy weeps in her arms. Emma dies later that night. Following Emma\'s funeral, Emma and Aurora\'s friends and family gather in Aurora\'s back yard for a wake. Garrett shows love toward each of Emma\'s children and helps Teddy cope during the wake. The film closes on Aurora, sitting next to her grandchild Melanie.'] ["Mera Pind is the story of a well-to-do NRI Navroz Singh Lamba  who has chosen to settle in his native village and spread the message of empowerment and entrepreneurship amongst the village youth. Led by Himmat , the youth set off a revolution in development of the village. It inspires Punjabis who are increasingly opting to settle abroad, to undertake business in their home villages and cities. Mera Pind is also a story of a young man seeking his love, the only barrier being the girl's father."] ['Geek Hlynur is approaching the grand old age of 30, he still lives with his mother who is divorced from his alcoholic father, downloads cyberporn and wanders around Reykjavík half-heartedly searching for a job while spending lots of time in Kaffibarinn, the central Reykjavík bar which just happens to be owned by writer/director Baltasar Kormákur and his soundtrack composer Damon Albarn, a long-standing Icelandophile. The cramped, dark and oddly furnished house in which Hlynur and his mother live features a bath which transfigures into a sofa as Hlynur steps naked out of it, in the middle of the lounge with his mother watching. Hlynur\'s isolated world — no small metaphor for his home country — is going along rather blissfully ignorant of the greater joys involved with engaging in life until his mother\'s friend Lola Milagros arrives to stay at the house for a while. Lola is a Spanish flamenco instructor with a seductive smile, a sultry voice and a carpe-diem attitude. Unknown to Hlynur, she is also in love with his mother, Berglind. An enigmatic character, Lola quickly becomes the center of the household dynamic when, after a night of heavy drinking while mom is away, she and Hlynur sleep together. The fling remains a secret between Hlynur and Lola. (Throughout the film, the song [[Lola  As Hlynur gradually learns of their lesbian relationship, he becomes jealous of it, realizing that he was simply a momentary fling for Lola, but he is also the dutiful son who wants to accept his mother\'s newfound lesbianism and be happy for her. He also has occasional oedipal / incestuous dreams about his mother. Lola wants Hlynur to get out of the house and find himself something to do because she recognizes from the start that that\'s what he needs most, but Hlynur prefers to pass the time in a true slacker fashion with plenty of excess and not an iota of effort. He sees no real future for himself, rather an entire life supported by the Icelandic welfare state. "It\'s a great system." he says. When asked what he does, Hlynur responds with, "Nothing." Pushed further with, "What kind of nothing?" he replies the only way he can: "A nothing kind of nothing." Not even death is a serious topic for Hlynur — intoxicating, out-all-night weekends inspire, "Each weekend I drop dead." He says this while lighting up a Lucky atop a snow-capped mountain, where he lies down as the snow gradually covers him up, but his plans are scuppered by rainfall melting his would-be tomb. His mixed up thoughts include musings about suicide: "The worst thing about AIDS as a method of suicide is that it takes so long to die from it." On the other hand, Hlynur\'s fantasy life is alive with passion and glimpses of his subconscious show us a deeply conflicted sense of self. Flashbacks of an alcoholic father mix with sexual fantasies of the lovely Lola but quickly reveal that mom\'s in bed, too. During a quick trip to the suburbs for a dinner with extended family, Hlynur, so comically disturbed by the mundane family ritual , imagines a bloodbath scene killing everyone at close range with a shotgun. When brought back to reality, Hlynur\'s blank slate and effortless personality come back into the fore: "I was thinking what a nice couch you have", he explains to the previously slaughtered family. Hlynur\'s confusion over the whole situation is expressed in his rather profound and imaginative musings:  There they are... my mother the lesbian, and my father the boozer. What am I then? The offspring of a lesbian and a boozer? It\'s like two birds of different species. The lesbian bird and the boozer bird. The boozer is a wetland bird. He\'s rather heavy... and needs a good run-up to get off the ground. He can fly for a long time and has good stamina. Several weeks may pass by before he gets back on the ground. In between he lies low and goes on the defensive. Especially for the first days after landing. The lesbian. Unlike the boozer... the lesbian is a relative newcomer to Icelandic nature. She is thought to have migrated from Denmark and Britain. Her only contact with the male bird is during conception. In recent years we have witnessed cases of male birds... who are unable to fly at all. The offspring of a boozer and a lesbian is the Hlynur... an unusually slow developer that can\'t fly... and remains with his mother for the first 30 years. The Hlynur is defensive by nature, but harmless.  The film progresses as Hlynur comes to terms with his mother&#39;s love for Lola and his own feelings of inadequacy with her. The announcement that Lola is pregnant pushes him to the brink, making living under the same roof next to impossible for all three, but after a lot of acting out and flippant commentary Hlynur begins to see life little differently. The infant&#39;s arrival also symbolically coincides neatly with Hlynur&#39;s homecoming to the world outside his bedroom and a newfound contentedness. The strong possibility that he is the father of Lola&#39;s child has been a secret between Lola and Hlynur, and this is more than hinted at in the closing scenes of the happy household composed of mother, son, Lola, and Lola&#39;s baby who calls him Papa.'] ['After drunkenly carousing on the town, idle playboy Jonathan Blair  wakes up to find that Texan Valentine Ransome  has spent the night in his mansion. He remembers little of the night and knows little about his house guest. Valentine is attracted to Jonathan and sets out first to reform and then to marry him, explaining to her horse-breaking uncle Sam  that she intends to "slip a bit in his mouth and make him like it". In her way is Jonathan\'s girlfriend, actress Carol Wallace . Jonathan is dismayed to discover that his neglected family shipping firm is in dire trouble, and that he will not be receiving his usual check, leaving him broke. Valentine decides to use this news to ignite his ambition. She buys up controlling interest in the company and moves into his home as the new tenant. When he discovers the identity of the new owner, he wrongly assumes she went out with him solely to learn what she could about the company. Furious, he tells her that he will fight to get the company back, but later, to his valet, Butch , he admits he is beaten, as nobody will lend him the money he needs to make the attempt. Butch, who approves of Valentine, informs her of this. She makes Jonathan vice president, but he visits the office only to inform her that Carol has asked him to marry her, and that he has accepted. That afternoon, Valentine tries her best to disrupt the ceremony , presided over by an increasingly frustrated justice of the peace . Finally, Sam Ransome bursts in and declares that Carol is the mother of his children. The wedding is off, but one of the guests  recognizes Sam and informs Jonathan. The next day, Jonathan outlines to the firm\'s receivership board his bold new plan to get the company back on its financial feet. The board members vote to accept his scheme and return control of the business to him. Valentine is pleased by his display of initiative and drive ... until he tells her that the wedding with Carol is back on. In desperation, Butch produces a forged marriage certificate showing that Valentine and Jonathan are husband and wife. Carol leaves in a huff. After Butch informs Valentine of the deception, she continues the masquerade, much to Jonathan\'s discomfort. When Butch confesses the truth to Jonathan, however, the tables are turned. She flees from her suddenly amorous "husband". However, at the train station, they make peace and get married for real.'] [" Justin Playfair  is a millionaire who retreats into fantasy after the death of his wife, imagining himself to be Sherlock Holmes, the legendary fictional detective. Complete with deerstalker hat, pipe and violin, he spends his days in a home-made criminal laboratory, constantly paranoid about plots hatched by his  arch-enemy, Professor Moriarty. When his brother  tries to place Justin under observation in a mental institution so he can get power of attorney, Justin attracts the attention of Dr Mildred Watson , a psychiatrist who becomes fascinated by his case. Justin demonstrates a knack for Holmesian deduction, then he walks out of the institution during the ensuing confusion. Watson comes to his home to attempt treatment. Playfair is initially dismissive of Watson's attempts at psychoanalyzing him, but when he hears her name, he enthusiastically incorporates her into his life as Doctor Watson to his Holmes. The duo then begin an enigmatic quest for Moriarty, with Playfair/Holmes following all manner of bizarre and  unintelligible clues, and the two growing closer to each other in the process."] ['In post-World War II Germany, French Army Captain Henri Rochard  is given the task of recruiting a highly-skilled lens maker, Schindler . He is assigned American Lieutenant Catherine Gates  as his chauffeur, much to their mutual discomfort . The only available transportation is a motorcycle, which due to Army regulations, only Cathy is allowed to drive; Henri has to ride in the sidecar. After several mishaps, the constantly-quarreling couple arrive at their destination, Bad Nauheim. At the hotel, bothered by back pain, Cathy warily accepts Henri\'s offer of a back rub. When she falls asleep, he tries to leave her room, but discovers that the door handle has fallen off, trapping him inside. He spends an uncomfortable night in a chair. In the morning, Cathy refuses to believe his story. Unknown to him, the innkeeper\'s wife has replaced the knob, so, when he tries to demonstrate that the door will not open, it does. Eventually, the innkeeper\'s wife comes to the room  and explains everything to Cathy, but not before Henri falls off the ledge. Later, Henri goes undercover to search for Schindler, now working in the black market. He refuses to let Cathy help him and tells her that if she sees him to pretend she doesn\'t know him. The black market is raided by the authorities, and he is rounded up with the rest. When he asks Cathy to vouch for his identity, she obeys his earlier orders not to reveal that she knows him. While he is in jail, she finds Schindler, who is happy to leave Germany and ply his trade in France. Later, she apologizes to a furious Henri, and by the time they return to Heidelberg, they have fallen in love.{{cite web}} Red tape forces Cathy and Henri to get married in three different ceremonies, civil, Army and church. Before they can consummate the marriage, Cathy is given orders to report back to headquarters to be shipped back to the United States in the morning. They subsequently learn that the only way Henri can get a visa to emigrate with her is under the War Bride Act as the spouse of a member of the expeditionary forces. After many misunderstandings, he is granted permission to accompany her, but circumstances and Army regulations conspire to keep them from spending the night together. When they try to board the transport ship, U.S. Navy sailors do not believe that Henri is a war "bride." He is forced to dress as a female Army nurse to get aboard. The deception works, but once underway, his disguise is discovered, and he is arrested. Cathy manages to straighten out the situation, and they finally have some privacy - in the ship\'s brig.'] ['Tomás Tomás  is a young yuppie playboy and publicist. Silvia , the victim of one of his adventures, tries to get back at him by typing "positive" on his AIDS test. Tomás, trying to end his life, meets Clarissa , a flight attendant, who is also trying to kill herself after finding out her fiance is having an affair.'] ['A straight bass player in an "all gay band" called The Jerk-Offs, Nick O\'Leary , a teenager from Hoboken, New Jersey, is heartbroken after his girlfriend, Tris , breaks up with him, and continues to make her "breakup" mix CDs. Thom  and Dev , his gay bandmates, who both hate Tris, convince Nick to perform at a club because his favorite band—the legendary, publicity-shy indie band Where\'s Fluffy?—is performing somewhere in New York City that night. Norah Silverberg  attends the same high school as Tris, Convent of the Sacred Heart and though Norah and Tris dislike each other, they have a mutual friend named Caroline . Norah, who shares Nick\'s taste in music, has been recovering his mix CDs after Tris discards them in the trash. That night, the three girls end up at Arlene\'s Grocery on Manhattan\'s Lower East Side, where The Jerk-Offs are playing. Norah asks Nick to pretend to be her boyfriend to show up Tris. Norah kisses him, unaware that he is Tris\' ex-boyfriend. Caroline gets drunk and Norah wants to take her home, but Nick\'s bandmates - who see Norah as a potential new girlfriend for him - offer to take Caroline home so Norah and Nick can spend time together trying to find the show. After a confused Caroline escapes from Thom\'s van, Nick and Norah meet up again with Thom and Dev to try to find her. They first visit a club where Where\'s Fluffy? are rumored to be playing , but with no success. Tris, eager to win back Nick, follows them and gets a phone call from Caroline, who tells Norah that she has "found Jesus" and an altar boy without pants. They find a drunk Caroline on stage at a gay cabaret dressed as a Christmas tree. When they arrive at Nick\'s car, Tris is sitting on the hood waiting for him. Before Nick leaves to go to talk to her, Norah tells him how nice it was to meet him, but he leaves without a response. An upset Norah meets up at a club with her friend with benefits, Tal , but soon realizes that he has an ulterior motive and hopes to get a deal for his band with Norah\'s father, a record producer . She agrees to pay for Tal and his friends\' drinks, but she tells the waitress to increase the tab because there was a miscalculation, and she leaves him to pay. Nick, meanwhile, decides to confront Tris, but she tells him she wants to be together again and asks for a ride home. Tris asks Nick to stop by the river, where she tries to seduce him. Whilst she seductively dances in front of the car, Nick reminisces fondly about Norah and the night\'s events and drives away, leaving Tris behind. Nick calls Norah, apologizing for leaving, and she agrees to meet him again. Deciding to go somewhere where no one they know will find them, they arrive at Electric Lady Studios, a music studio owned by Norah\'s father. Once there, Norah gets Nick to play something he wrote in the studio, but then joins him in the recording room. Inside, they kiss and it is implied that Nick twiddles her bits to bring her to orgasm. Norah gets a text message from Caroline telling her where she found Where\'s Fluffy? playing. When they arrive at the show, they meet Tris, who cannot understand why Nick will not take her back, and Tal, who wants the same answer from Norah. Tal starts a fight with Nick, but Thom and Dev\'s friend, Lethario , steps in and headbutts Tal. Nick and Norah share a smile and leave together. At Pennsylvania Station, Nick admits that he does not care about missing the concert, and they kiss on the escalator as the sun rises over New York City.'] ['Barry Egan  owns a company that markets themed toilet plungers and other novelty items. He has seven overbearing sisters who ridicule and emotionally abuse him regularly and leads a very lonely life punctuated by fits of rage. In the span of one morning, he witnesses a bizarre car accident, picks up an abandoned harmonium from the street, and encounters Lena Leonard , who orchestrated the meeting after seeing him in a family picture belonging to his sister Elizabeth , a co-worker of Lena\'s. Barry calls a phone sex hotline for conversation, but the operator attempts to extort money and sends her four henchmen, who are brothers, to collect. This complicates his budding relationship with Lena, as well as his plan to exploit a loophole in a Healthy Choice promotion and amass a million frequent flyer miles by buying large quantities of pudding (based on the true story of [[David Phillips . After Lena leaves for Hawaii on a business trip, Barry decides to follow her. He arrives and calls one of his manipulative sisters to learn where Lena is staying. When his sister tries manipulating him again, Barry snaps and demands she give him the information, which she does. Lena is unexpectedly overjoyed to see Barry, and they have a pillow talk scene. At first, Barry explains that he is in Hawaii on a business trip by coincidence, but he soon admits that he came to pursue a romantic relationship. After they return home, the four brothers ram their car into Barry\'s, leaving Lena mildly injured. An enraged Barry is attacked by the brothers, one of whom wields a tire iron. With surprising skill, he fights them off despite being outnumbered. He later leaves Lena at the hospital and tries to end the harassment by calling the phone-sex line and speaking to the "supervisor", who turns out to be Dean Trumbell , owner of a mattress store. Barry travels to Provo, Utah, to confront him in person. Dean, at first trying to intimidate Barry, finds Barry much more intimidating and Barry forces him to leave him alone. This scene is made more intimidating by the fact that Barry carried the phone that he had called Trumbell with all the way to Utah and is holding it at his side. Barry tells Lena his story and begs her for forgiveness, pledging to use his frequent-flier miles to accompany her on all future trips. She readily agrees, and they embrace happily. Lena approaches Barry in his office while he plays the harmonium. She puts her arms around him and says, "So, here we go."'] ['Chantal Stacy  is a young woman from a rich, bourgeoisie family. An important element in Chantal\'s character is her background; while her mother, Germaine Stacy , is a flamboyant, fun-loving dancer from Paris, her father, John Stacy , is a strictly conservative and straight-edged businessman from Boston. Due to their fly-by-night marriage in Paris during one of John Stacy\'s business trips - as Chantal calls it, a "souffle-and-beans romance" - Chantal is born. She is a mix of the two entities. At the beginning of the movie, it is revealed that many of her encounters with males have been cut short on account of her Boston background; a loud Boston foghorn is heard before she can interact intimately with any male. Though Chantal is constantly engaged in casual relationships on account of her exotic beauty, she is still single at the beginning of the film, despite the fact that all of her male partners would readily marry her. John Stacy is eternally worried for his daughter; the fact that she remains unmarried arouses many fears in him, and causes him to be suspicious of any of her interactions with young men. Therefore, after the family moves to New York City and when Chantal is employed as a model by a photographer named Eugene Wright  on Fifth Avenue, her father is outraged. Eventually, however, Chantal\'s mother, a veteran of romance full of priceless French wisdom, convinces her husband that too much involvement in Chantal\'s love affairs might result in catastrophe. Thus, Chantal, with the aid of her mother\'s advice, is able to marry Eugene; after a series of playful interactions, Eugene is practically forced to propose, beginning the hilarious story of their marriage. Early on in their marriage, Chantal is reunited with one of her college friends, whose name is Tina, played by Stephanie Powers. Having obviously come to New York as a mischief-maker, Tina immediately gains the attention of Chantal\'s husband while in her apartment. Impressed by her glamor, Eugene requests that she work for him as a model in his photography studio. Their relationship, though newly established, bears blatant and teasingly romantic overtones, causing a good deal of distress for Chantal. Fortunately, her mother is able to offer a solution to the problem: she suggests that Chantal adapt the strategies of a dog-trainer toward Eugene, giving her daughter a detailed training booklet for canines. Though Chantal is shocked and incredulous at first, her desperation ultimately leads her to accept the book and follow her mother\'s advice. The book works like a charm for Chantal; after having used it for several weeks, Eugene seems to have suddenly transformed into the ideal husband, obeying her every wish and providing her with complete romantic satisfaction. When discussing the change with her mother, Chantal undergoes the revelation that the training has actually been intended for her. She realizes that her change of perspective has led to a happy and enjoyable marriage, and is truly impressed by her mother\'s unique sense of wisdom. However, Chantal soon encounters trouble; Tina makes an unexpected visit to her apartment and reveals to Chantal that she is tragically lonely and madly envious of Chantal\'s marital harmony. In the midst of her emotional collapse, Tina pleads that Chantal reveal her methods. Though Chantal is reluctant, Tina eventually extracts the dog-training secrets from her friend, and despite having been warned by Chantal that it may seem strange, Tina hysterically laughs and mocks Chantal\'s secret. When Eugene returns home, Tina takes advantage of the situation; through a series of pestering jokes, she reveals Chantal\'s secret to Eugene, much to the chagrin of Chantal. As a result, Eugene is furious. Humiliated and enraged, he once again begins neglecting his wife, beginning a difficult spot in their marriage. Not surprisingly, however, Chantal\'s mother is able to provide a solution. She explains to Chantal that the best way to regain her husband\'s attention is by creating an imaginary \'lover\' to make Eugene jealous and suspicious. Having used this tactic in her own marriage through an imaginary man named Robert Swan, Chantal\'s mother assures her that the idea, though questionable, is guaranteed to work. Chantal asks her father about the incident long ago, who confirms that \'Robert Swan\' had driven him mad with envy. Therefore, Chantal and her mother conspire against Eugene using the same trick; Chantal is aided by her mother in simulating the presence of a lover, once again using the name of Robert Swan. After many suspicious phone calls, as well as dozens of expensive and anonymous flower purchases, Eugene is entirely suspicious and indignant. Eventually, he confronts Chantal with the name of Robert Swan, playing perfectly into the plan. However, when Chantal explains the truth to Eugene, just as she had intended to do, Eugene refuses to believe her. Although the conflict was meant to be ended as soon as he learned the truth, Eugene prolongs the situation by continuing to believe in Robert Swan, and by encouraging Chantal to abandon him for her new-found lover. Chantal is outraged that Eugene continues to prolong the issue, and soon finds it raging out of her control; Eugene suddenly receives a phone call from the actual Robert Swan and invites him to dinner to discuss the issue. Dumbfounded, Chantal begins to prepare dinner. Much to her surprise, Robert Swan, played by Cesar Romero, shows up at the apartment, recognizing Chantal, despite the fact that she has never seen the man in her life. Upon meeting one another, Eugene and Robert Swan have very friendly interactions, seeming strangely congenial with one another despite the conflict occurring between them. Chantal is overwhelmed by the situation; she phones her parents and orders them to come over. Though they believe at first that she is hallucinating, they eventually meet Robert Swan, both with flabbergasted reactions. Mr. Swan seems to remember Germaine Stacy very fondly, and yet she is just as confused as Chantal. John Stacy, upon seeing this obstacle of his past, storms out of the apartment in surprise. Mrs. Stacy, however, joins Chantal in the bedroom where Mr. Swan\'s possessions are lying about, due to his plan to move in with Eugene after their delightful union. While examining Robert Swan\'s items, Chantal discovers that Robert Swan is, in reality, Adam Wright, Eugene\'s father. Amused my such a concept, Germaine goes to tell her husband the reality of the situation, only to find that John Stacy had orchestrated the entire affair as a joke against the plotting females. Though she laughingly accepts defeat, Chantal is more focused on exacting revenge. Fully aware of the conspiracy, she angrily insults her husband and leaves the apartment with all her things as if to move away. Later, however, Eugene sends Chantal a letter, requesting her presence in the apartment. Chantal arrives at the apartment only to find that it has been covered in countless items of dog merchandise. Eugene jokingly emerges from a doghouse and summons her to his side. Their conflict seemingly ended by this comical turn of events, Chantal and Eugene share a kiss; knowing that they love one another, and that a baby is on its way into the family, they are able to continue their happily married lives together. As Germaine Stacy  says, "If you come to love and say please me, care for me, fulfill me, you will be disappointed. It is what YOU bring to love that matters. Don\'t you disappoint love!"'] ["Charlie Y. Reader  is a 35-year-old theatrical agent in New York, living a seemingly idyllic life as a bachelor. Numerous women (among them Poppy , Helen , and Jessica  come and go, cleaning and cooking for him. Charlie's best friend since kindergarten, Joe McCall , who has a wife named Ethel and children in Indianapolis, comes to New York for a stay at Charlie's apartment, claiming that the excitement is gone from his 11-year marriage and that he wants to leave his wife. Joe envies and is amazed by Charlie's parade of girlfriends, while Charlie professes admiration for Joe's married life and family. At an audition, Charlie meets singer-actress Julie Gillis . She has her life planned to a tight schedule, determined to marry and retire from performing to a life of child-rearing by 22. Although at first she wards off Charlie's advances, she comes to see him as the ideal man for her plans. Julie demands that Charlie stop seeing other women. Charlie balks, but he begins to fall in love with her. Joe starts keeping company with Sylvia Crewes , a sophisticated classical musician and a typically neglected lover of Charlie's. Sylvia is approaching 33 and desires marriage as much as the younger Julie does. One day, annoyed by Julie and possibly jealous of Joe's attentions, Charlie blurts out a proposal of marriage to Sylvia. She is thrilled, only to discover the morning after their engagement party that he has proposed to Julie as well. Joe confesses his love to Sylvia and asks her to marry him. She turns him down, knowing that he loves his wife and children. Sylvia reminds Joe that girls turn into wives when they marry and she wants the same things Ethel does. On her way out, Sylvia runs into a charming stranger near the elevator who clearly wants to get to know her much better. Joe packs up and returns to Indiana to his wife. Charlie, his other girlfriends also having moved on with their lives, leaves for Europe for a year. Charlie returns just in time to see Sylvia marrying the new man in her life. She flips him the bridal bouquet. Julie is also at the wedding. Charlie tosses the flowers to her, then asks her to marry him. She agrees and they kiss."] ['Larry Crowne , a middle-aged Navy veteran, is fired from his job at a big-box store, despite his seniority and satisfactory work, because the company has decided that his lack of a college education impedes any chance of advancement. Larry, who is divorced and lives alone, cannot find a job and could lose his house. Larry\'s neighbor, Lamar , advises him to enroll in the local community college and get an education in order to get better opportunities in the future. As he looks over a course catalog, Larry meets the college dean, Dave Busik , who encourages him to take Economics and Speech. While pumping gas in his SUV, he sees a couple on scooters fueling up and how much cheaper it is to do so. Larry buys a scooter from Lamar\'s never-ending yard sale. On the first day of school, Larry meets Talia , a free spirit who also drives a scooter. They form a friendship right away. Mercedes Tainot  walks into the Speech class that she teaches and notices only nine students in attendance. Since the state requires at least ten, the class is cancelled, much to her delight. Suddenly, Larry appears, so Mercedes reluctantly begins teaching class. Larry and Talia share an Economics class taught by Dr. Ed Matsutani , who mixes sarcasm with seriousness in his teachings. He confiscates Larry\'s cell phone due to his texting habits with Talia. Mercedes is unhappily married. Her husband Dean  looks at pornography on his computer, removing web pages before Mercedes can catch him in the act. He fancies himself a writer of internet blogs and tells her that he works hard all day writing. When Mercedes informs him she knows he is really looking at porn, Dean\'s defense is that he\'s just "a guy, who’s a guy, being a guy". Frustrated while at home with him, she drinks heavily every night after school. Talia befriends Larry and invites him to join a club of scooter riders led by her boyfriend Dell Gordo , who is somewhat jealous of all the attention Talia gives Larry. Talia, with the help of her scooter gang friends, uses Feng Shui to reorganize Larry\'s house and give him a more stylish haircut and wardrobe. When a night with Dean goes horribly wrong, a drunken Mercedes demands to be let out of the car. Larry and gang notice Mercedes waiting alone at a bus stop, so Larry offers a ride home. Mercedes believes that Larry is involved with the much-younger Talia and reluctantly accepts a ride, but her attitude changes when they see Dean getting arrested. At her front door, Mercedes asks if Larry would care for a kiss, so they do. She wants to have sex as well, but Larry declines, not wanting to take advantage of her. After she closes the door, Larry celebrates. Dean comes home by cab to find all his stuff on the front lawn. Mercedes is unhappy and hungover and tells Larry not to brag to anyone about what happened the night before. Now that Larry cannot afford to live in his house any longer, he uses the knowledge he gained in his Economics class to legally turn over his house and keys to the bank, with a 30-day notice that he will be gone. Larry ends up hosting a yard sale and pizza party at Lamar\'s house, and upon paying for the pizzas, he\'s surprised to see that the delivery man is Jack , a snide executive who helped fire Larry. Larry is also now working at at a diner run by his friend, Frank . Mercedes runs into Talia, who is telling her English teacher , that she will be dropping out of college to start a thrift store. Mercedes assumes that Larry must know about her actions due to their supposed relationship, but Talia assures her that they are just friends. Mercedes appears to be happier now that she knows the truth. Larry, however, does not know about Talia dropping out, since he was surprised that he didn\'t see her in Economics class that day. He visits Talia, and appears to be slightly disappointed about her actions, but also wishes her luck in her future endeavors. Finals now come, and right before the Speech final, Larry and Mercedes meet outside class, with her telling Larry that she scheduled him last with his "geography" speech. After everyone has finshed their speech before him, Larry stands up in class and talks about his travels around the world while in the Navy, and makes references to the other students\' speeches, who all appear to be inspired by his. Larry then looks at Mercedes as he mentions that he could never have told about his life with great passion and enthusiasm if he had not taken her Speech class. Larry is given a big round of applause by his classmates, as well as Mercedes, who is happier in her life without Dean and has developed a passion for teaching again. While working at the diner, Larry sees Mercedes with a friend, and approaches the table. She tells Larry that she gave him an "A+" in her class, which makes him very happy about going to school and finding more meaning in his life. When the next term begins, some of the students from Mercedes\' Speech class register for her Shakespeare class, but are sad to see that Larry isn\'t registered for that class as well. Larry is seen taking Dr. Matsutani\'s second-term Economics class. Mercedes walks to her office and sees a note from Larry on the door, which is an invitation to have her over for a French toast dinner, with the address to his new apartment. She drives over to his apartment and he greets her, they kiss and both enter the apartment, closing the door behind them.'] ['The film begins with Finbar "Barry" McMullen  standing at the grave of his recently deceased father, along with his mother, who tells him that she\'s returning to her native Ireland to be with Finbar O\'Shaughnessy , her sweetheart of long ago. She tells Barry that while she gave Barry\'s father 35 of the best years of her life, she\'s going to start living life her way with the man she really loves. While this could be interpreted as disrespect for the memory of the family patriarch, it is later revealed in the movie that he was an alcoholic and abused his family prior to his death. Fast forward five years after the cemetery scene. Barry\'s brother Jack ([[Jack Mulcahy  has purchased their parents\' home and lives in it with his wife Molly, who is pressing Jack to start a family, despite his reluctance. The truth is, Jack is torn between his love for Molly and his lust for Ann, a former romantic interest of Barry\'s. Jack begins an affair with Ann. Meanwhile, Barry and the youngest brother, Pat  ask to temporarily move in with Jack, to which he reluctantly agrees. Pat and Barry, like their brother, are torn between prolonged adolescence and commitment to marriage. Pat plans to break his engagement to Susan, but becomes depressed when she breaks up with him, citing his indecisiveness about their relationship and the problems that could come between two faiths, as Susan is Jewish and Pat is a devout Catholic. Barry shows no interest in a long-term relationship, until he meets Audrey , a woman whom he accuses of "stealing" an apartment that he was trying to rent for himself. Though things do not go well between them at first, they warm up to one another and start a relationship. Molly learns of Jack\'s affair after finding a wrapped condom in his pants as she is cleaning up after him one day. She confronts Jack, but he refuses to discuss it. His brothers also try to intervene, but to no avail. After much pleading, Susan decides to take Pat back. But almost immediately after she does so, Pat decides to end the relationship for good. The reason is Leslie, a girl-next-door type who likes to work on her father\'s car ... a sharp contrast to Susan\'s materialistic personality; Leslie offers Pat nothing more than simple friendship. The friendship develops into something a little more when they decide to head out to California together in a classic car that Leslie has her eye on. Jack, knowing he has to make a choice between his wife and his mistress, finally breaks it off for good with Ann, despite his repeated attempts to do so in the past. Hurt by the rejection that she\'s heard many times before from Jack, Ann tells him to never call her again. He then returns home determined to rebuild his wounded marriage, but not before paying a visit to his father\'s grave, promising  that he will be a better husband to his wife than his father was, pouring a bottle of Irish whiskey over the grave. Barry decides to move in with Audrey and take their relationship to the next level. The movie ends with all three brothers gathering at the family homestead with a newfound belief in love and a desire to not let the ghosts of the past stand in their way.'] ['{{Anchor}} The setting is the American West, late 19th century. A gang of bank robbers led by Graham Dorsey  is off to rob a small-town bank, but Graham is having second thoughts: he\'s had a nightmare in which the gang was wiped out during the robbery attempt. Worse, Graham\'s horse broke down and the gang members have to get another. They try at the ranch of the widow Amanda Starbuck . Amanda, suspicious of the men, denies having a horse. Graham checks out the barn and finds a horse, but still afraid of disaster, he lies to his men and agrees to wait three hours at the ranch for their return . It turns out he has another reason for wanting to stay behind though: he wants to force himself on Mrs. Starbuck. Amanda resists rather inventively; simply lies still, fully clothed. This frustrates Graham, who decides on a ruse. He pretends he is impotent, hoping to play on Amanda\'s sympathy. The deception works, and they make love three times. As time passes, Graham and Amanda have a long, thoughtful discussion talking of their past lives, as well as their hopes and ambitions . They even dance to Amanda\'s music box , with Graham wearing Mr. Starbuck\'s old tuxedo. A neighbor boy stops by to tell Amanda about an attempted bank robbery. The bank robbers from Graham\'s gang were caught and were going to be hanged in town that afternoon. She thinks Graham should ride out and help them. Graham thinks this is a way for him to be able to stay with her and get away from the gang. After much coercing he decides to play along and rides out, intending only to have a long nap. But this is shattered when the posse rides into sight, spotting Graham and giving chase. Graham eludes them when he comes upon a traveling dentist, exchanges clothes with him at gunpoint, and steals his horse and wagon. The unfortunate Dr. Finger is taken for Graham and shot dead. The posse, recognizing Mr Starbuck\'s horse and tux, bring the body back to the Starbuck ranch. Amanda, seeing what she thinks is Graham\'s body  faints. But Graham does not get away clean: it turns out Dr. Finger was a quack, and the first person Graham encounters after his escape was one of Dr. Finger\'s dissatisfied customers. He is put into prison on a year-long sentence for Dr. Finger\'s crimes. At first Amanda is ostracized by the townspeople. But an impassioned speech proclaiming her true love for him does a remarkable trick: the townspeople not only forgive her, they see a remarkable story in that of Graham and Amanda. This story forms the basis of a legend, one that spawns a popular book , dime novels, a stage play, and even a popular song. The legend of Graham and Amanda becomes bigger than the reality of the two, and with her book a worldwide best seller it makes Amanda a wealthy woman. Graham, who reads the book while in prison, is amused by the distortions. Graham is described as being 6\'3" , Southern, and very handsome; he is, in fact, none of these. After serving his time he is eager to renew his relationship with Amanda. A disguised Graham takes one of Amanda\'s guided tours of her ranch, and stays behind, intending to reveal himself. When he does so, Amanda does not recognize him and becomes frightened. It is only when Graham shows her "something that\'s not in the book" that Amanda believes him.  But instead of joy, Amanda is confused and worried. If word got out that Graham was alive, the legend of Graham and Amanda would be done for. Even Graham\'s suggestion that he live with her incognito is no good; after all, if Amanda were to live with another man, the legend would still be destroyed. The encounter ends up with Amanda pointing a gun at Graham... but at the last second she decides to shoot herself. Graham is heartbroken. Not only has he lost Amanda, the secret of his real identity is lost for good. He tries to forget what has happened, but there are reminders everywhere. He hears "their song" at a local saloon, and walks in on a stage production of From Noon Till Three. Worse, people he knew slightly laugh when he says he is Graham, since he looks nothing like his description in the book. At the end he is arrested and put in an insane asylum, where he meets the only people who believe him: his fellow inmates. He seems relieved.'] ['Stewart McBain  is a successful self-made demolitions expert who blows up buildings for a living. In the midst of one such project, a group of protesters stops the last building on a lot, the Dutch House, from being demolished. When McBain appears on TV to dismiss the protests, he is made to look foolish. Returning home, his three college-aged children - Daphne , Chloe , and Jimmy  - ridicule him for appearing on camera. Feeling his children are spoiled and soft, McBain kicks them out of the house. Giving them each $750, he drops them off at the Dutch House to live. The house is dilapidated and on the verge of collapse. In order to finance their new lives, the children take on housemates. These include a fashion designer  named Lionel; a homeless magician, Shitty ; a stockbroker, Tom ; and Sheryl, an amateur occultist . Chloe is commissioned to finish a calendar for an insurance company. Lionel has to complete his designs for a fashion show. Chloe uses her roommates in the calendar and Lionel ends up using some of them to model for his show. The story is told against the backdrop of a stockmarket crash which brings McBain to ruin. He desperately attempts to stave off a hostile takeover of his demolition company and fails. He loses his home and becomes destitute. Ultimately, his children take him in and he starts to see the world in an entirely different light.'] [" Drew Latham  is a wealthy advertising executive. Just before Christmas, he surprises his girlfriend Missy  with first class tickets to Fiji. She is horrified that he would want to spend Christmas away from his family. Citing the fact that Drew has never even introduced her to his family, she concludes that he will never get serious about their relationship and dumps him. Drew has his assistant send her a Cartier bracelet to apologize. Desperate not to spend Christmas alone, Drew calls all of his contacts to find a place to stay on Christmas, but he is not close enough to anyone to be invited. He tracks down Dr. Freeman  at the airport, hoping to squeeze in a therapy session. The hurried doctor tells him to list all of his grievances and then burn them at his childhood home. The house is now occupied by the Valcos, who wonder what Drew is doing on their front lawn. When he sets his grievances on fire, Tom Valco  sneaks up behind him and knocks him out with a shovel. After he comes to, Drew explains what he was doing and asks for a tour of the house. Thrilled to see his old room, Drew impetuously offers Tom $250,000 to let him spend Christmas with the Valcos. Tom accepts, and Drew's lawyer draws up a contract that requires the Valcos to pose as his family. The next day, Drew forces the family to go out and buy a tree together, requiring Tom to wear a Santa cap in public. While they are trimming the tree, the eldest child Alicia  arrives for the holidays and is stunned by Drew's presence. He suggests that she could portray the maid, since she was an unexpected addition to the scenario. At dinner, Drew writes a script for the family to read at the table. He hires a local actor to play the part of his grandfather, whom he calls Doo-dah . Drew takes Alicia and her brother Brian ([[Josh Zuckerman  sledding the next day. After crashing at the bottom of a hill, he moves into kiss Alicia, who sneezes instead. Recovering back home from their growing colds, Alicia shares a childhood memory with Drew about an old tree that was coated in ice during a storm. Tom asks Drew to leave because he was planning on divorcing his wife Christine . Instead, Drew encourages the couple to indulge themselves. Tom buys a Chevelle SS, which he had when he was in high school, and Christine goes to a photographer for some glamor shots. One evening, Drew takes Alicia to the old tree of her childhood, which he has had covered in ice again. She is touched by the gesture, but Drew overdoes it, bringing in a full pageant production to surround the tree. Disgusted by his lack of restraint, Alicia demands that he leave. Meanwhile, Missy was won over by the bracelet, and when Drew's assistant informed her that he was spending Christmas with his family, Missy visits the Valco's house with her parents. Drew promises the Valco's an extra $75,000 if they will play along for the evening, and they agree to pretend to be his family. The visit between the two families steadily descends into chaos, culminating with everyone seeing Christine's glamor shots manipulated into pornography on Brian's computer. Missy's parents storm out, and Drew informs her that their relationship is over. Alicia finally draws out of Drew the truth about his family. His father left them when he was just four, and every Christmas, his mother would work a double shift at the diner to make extra money. He would spend Christmas Day alone and visit his mom at the end of the night, and she would give him an adult stack of pancakes. He repeated the ritual every year until he was 18, and he has never been in a diner since. His mother died when he was in college. Drew returns to his apartment to spend Christmas alone. Tom visits him to collect his money, and the two decide to go watch the actor who played Doo-Dah perform in the local production of A Christmas Carol. At the play, Tom and Christine decide not to divorce. Drew and Alicia make up outside the theater, and the film closes with everyone eating in a diner together."] ['Mark, a Wall Street financial broker, falls in love with a French actress at first sight, due to her resembling a Vermeer painting, and then proceeds to follow her from room to room in a museum. The broker goes up to the actress, Anna, and introduces himself which spawns a romantic relationship. Anna lives with two roommates — a wealthy woman and a female opera singer. As the relationship evolves, Mark dies from a cerebral hemorrhage while calling Anna. The film ends with Anna going into a Vermeer painting.'] ['The movie tells the story of a French opera singer and chef living in Georgia who opens a restaurant. It also shows the life in Georgia in the beginning of the XX century, including its short period of independence . After bolshevik occupation of Georgia , the chef refuses to emigrate and endures the brutalities of the new regime.'] ['Paul  and Eddie  have just begun previews of an Off-Broadway musical titled Adam & Steve: Just the Way God Made \'Em. Their lives mimic those of the characters they are playing on stage, in that Paul is himself seeking the ideal male partner, and Eddie finds that his religious upbringing conflicts with his homosexuality. After his boyfriend dumps him for being accused of having HIV, though he does not, Paul decides he is through with relationships and wants to be promiscuous, or as he so eloquently sung, "I wanna be a slut." Eddie, meanwhile decides he must finally tell his conservative parents that he is gay. Eddie comes out to his family, who do not accept the news well. Paul turns to the Internet for dates, but can\'t even get a decent one-night stand. However, Paul continually bumps into a fan who has developed romantic feelings for him, and after a series of disastrous one night stands, he starts dating Michael at the end of the musical\'s opening night. Eddie\'s religious parents, on a different note, decide to attend the musical because of a promise they made to their son, even though they are appalled by homosexuality and the theme of the show. As the play goes on though, they begin to believe that maybe they judged their son too harshly, and come to accept the fact that he is gay. Eddie\'s parents make up with him at the end of the show\'s opening night.'] ['Thirty-seven-year-old Loretta Castorini , an Italian American widow, is an accountant for a few local businesses in Brooklyn Heights, New York. She lives in a large, comfortable house with her parents: Cosmo  a successful plumber, Rose  and her grandfather, Cosmo\'s father . Her boyfriend, Johnny Cammareri , proposes to her over dinner in a neighborhood Italian restaurant, The Grand Ticino, before leaving for Sicily to attend to his dying mother. She agrees on the condition that he observes the formalities of kneeling and presenting a ring because she considers that her previous marriage was cut short because they hadn\'t observed them. Johnny asks Loretta to invite his estranged younger brother Ronny  to the wedding. Loretta drives Johnny to the airport, then stops at a liquor store for a bottle of champagne, where she hears the proprietors bickering, the wife accusing the husband of being "a wolf." At home, Cosmo is listening to Vicki Carr\'s recording of It Must Be Him and brooding. Loretta pours them a drink and shares her news. Cosmo points out that she married before and it didn\'t work out. Loretta says that she had bad luck, that her husband was hit by a bus. She believes the bad luck was caused by her not having had a real wedding. Cosmo had not approved, and they had gotten married at City Hall, with no party, dress, no cake... and had had bad luck. He agrees. She tells him she has to have a "real" wedding this time. They wake Rose to tell her the news. She asks Loretta if she loves Johnny. Loretta says no, but she likes him. Rose says that is good, "When you love them they drive you crazy because they know they can." The next morning as Loretta and Rose have breakfast, Johnny calls from Sicily where his mother is dying. He hasn\'t told her about his engagement yet. Loretta urges him not to wait until she is dead. He reminds Loretta of her promise to visit Ronny. She visits the bakery that Ronny owns. He explains the reason for the bad blood: Ronny had been engaged to a woman, and during that time Johnny had come in one day to buy bread. Ronny talked to Johnny as he sliced the bread and wasn\'t paying attention, and he lost his hand in the slicer. His fiancée left him because he was "maimed." Ronny blames Johnny for the accident. He is very upset. Loretta tells him she has not come to upset him but to talk. They go to his apartment above the bakery and Loretta cooks him a meal and they drink whiskey and talk. Loretta tells Ronny that he is a "wolf" who allowed himself to lose his hand rather than be caught in a trap. Ronny sweeps Loretta into bed, and they make love. That night an amazing full moon shines over the couples in the story. In the morning, Loretta feels ashamed and tells Ronny they can never see each other again. He admits he\'s fallen in love but agrees to not see her again--if she will go to the opera with him that night, because then he would have had the two things he loves most, the opera and Loretta. She agrees to meet him at the Met. That day Loretta goes to a beauty salon and has her hair colored and styled, her eyebrows plucked--a complete makeover. She shops for a beautiful gown and shoes. She stops at the church to go to confession, telling the priest that she has slept with her fiancé\'s brother. The priest urges her to "consider her life." She sees Rose sitting in the church, and they talk. Rose tells her that Cosmo is seeing another woman. Loretta does not believe her. Meanwhile, Cosmo is having lunch at a fancy restaurant with his mistress Mona . He presents her with a gift of a gold bracelet. There is a scene that evening where Loretta plays romantic music as she leisurely dresses for the opera and then takes a cab to meet Ronny at the Met. He is wearing a tux and they are both transformed. Loretta is deeply moved by her first opera, Puccini\'s "La Bohème". That night Rose dines alone at The Grand Ticino and witnesses a dramatic breakup between a young coed and a college professor named Perry . She invites Perry to dine with her; afterwards he walks her home. She knows her husband has a mistress but refuses to be unfaithful and doesn\'t take Perry\'s suggestion that she invite him in "because I know who I am." As Loretta and Ronny leave the opera, she sees Cosmo with Mona; both Loretta and Cosmo are shocked to see the other with someone other than their proper partner, but they agree to ignore the fact that they saw each other. Loretta and Ronny stop at a bar for a drink. Loretta is upset about Cosmo\'s infidelity and feels guilty for being with Ronny. She explains to him how a person can decide to do things differently and change. But he desperately and passionately persuades her into another tryst. Meanwhile, Johnny\'s mother has made a miraculous recovery after being told of his plans to marry Loretta, and he has returned from Sicily unexpectedly, stopping at Loretta\'s house on his way back from the airport. Rose tells him that Loretta is out, she doesn\'t know where. While they have the opportunity to talk, Rose asks him why men cheat on women. First he suggests that it might have something to do with Adam looking for his missing rib, but Rose lays out her opinion that the real reason is fear of death. While they are talking, Cosmo comes home from the opera. Rose says to him, "I just want you to know no matter what you do, you\'re gonna die just like everyone else." Loretta arrives home the following morning, having spent another night with Ronny. Rose is alone in the kitchen and tells her that Johnny has come back from Italy and will be there soon and remarks that Loretta has a love bite on her neck. As they wait, Ronny arrives. Rose lets him in and looks at his neck where she sees a love bite. Rose invites Ronny to stay for breakfast, and he accepts before Loretta can stop him. Cosmo and the grandfather come down for breakfast. Cosmo\'s father tells him that he must pay for Loretta\'s wedding this time, and sits down. As they all sit around the table, Rose asks Cosmo if she has been a good wife, and when he tells her yes she tells Cosmo that she wants him to stop seeing his mistress. After hesitating, he agrees to, but complains that his life is worth nothing. Rose counters that his life is not worth nothing, that she loves him. Rose\'s brother Raymond Cappomaggi  and his wife Rita  stop in because Loretta, who does their books, forgot to make the bank deposit from their delicatessen while she was getting her makeover, and they are worried. Everyone is introduced to Ronny, and they all await Johnny\'s arrival. When Johnny finally comes in, he explains to Loretta that if he marries her, his mother will die. Loretta, forgetting momentarily that this is good news, throws the engagement ring at him. Seizing the moment, Ronny asks Loretta to marry him; he borrows Johnny\'s ring, and Loretta accepts. Rose asks Loretta if she loves him, and when Loretta says, "I love him awful," Rose comments that that\'s too bad. The family shares a bottle of champagne to celebrate and the grandfather insists that Johnny join in the toast because he will now be one of the family as well.'] ['A small-town girl who just moved to Manhattan is taken under the wing of her gay cousin, a seasoned New Yorker.'] ['{{plot}}  Raymond Woods , a junior manager in a bank in the City is becoming increasingly bored of his life as it takes a downhill tumble. First he finds out that he has missed the promotion opportunity at work by his bad tempered and disapproving boss, Strothers , and then he catches his wife  a couple of days before Christmas having an affair with Strothers. In an increasingly bad mood, Raymond attends his last day at work before Christmas and offers to lock up the bank after the Christmas party. Struck by rashness and his desire to live out his fantasy and dance the Samba with a famous Samba dancer, Raymond grabs several bin bags full of cash and departs for the airport. Realising that he has left his passport at home, he directs the taxi home, collecting his passport and roughly counts his money and placing them in a more suitable bag. Departing for the airport, he pays for a first class ticket to Rio de Janeiro expecting to have a great Christmas to forget his troubles back at home. Touching down in Rio, he calls a cab to take him to a nice hotel. The cab driver, Paulo , takes him to a fairly run down hotel. Raymond insists he needs a much nicer hotel with a beach, while Paulo insists Raymond would not be able to afford such a hotel, but suddenly changes heart once Raymond shows him a large wad of cash. Paulo immediately befriends Raymond, with is eyes greedily on his cash as he owes the biggest Mafia leader in Rio money and insists that he is prepared to take Raymond wherever he needs to go and whatever he needs done can be done. Therefore, Paulo takes Raymond to the nicest hotel in Rio. Raymond trips up in a commotion at the door of the hotel, dropping his bag and spreading his cash all over the floor. Once he hastily shuffles it all away, the hotel clerks immediately show him to the Presidential suite of the hotel and welcomes him to the hotel. After a day of shopping, and generous spending Raymond reveals to Paulo he had originally come to Rio to look for the famous Samba dancer Orlinda . Paulo then calls during the middle of the night to tell Raymond he has found Orlinda. After dropping Raymond off at the Samba club, where Orlinda is performing a Samba dance, Paulo sneaks back to the hotel to steal Raymond\'s money from the safe, before being caught by a guard and thrown out of the hotel. Meanwhile, Raymond confesses to Orlinda he has been mesmerised by her dancing and has learnt all of her moves from her videos. They dance together, before the show ends and Paulo insists on driving them back to the hotel. Paulo secretly tells Orlinda about the safe, who suddenly doubles her interest in Raymond and follows him back to the hotel. Raymond shows her the suite he stays in and they talk about Samba, before they have a passionate night. Raymond then wakes up the next morning in a good mood and orders breakfast for two. He then notices the safe wide open and completely cleared of all of its contents. Raymond escapes the hotel before they can reprimand him about the bill. He escapes with Paulo to try and find Orlinda, believing she has been kidnapped along with all the money. Realising it is Christmas Eve, Paulo realises Orlinda would be at midnight mass and takes Raymond there. Raymond meets up with Orlinda who confesses to stealing his money, but telling him she doesn\'t have it. it appears she too owes money to the Mafia leader, Bichero , as well. Upon leaving mass, Raymond sees Bichero handing out cash from a bag that looks familiar. Raymond rushes after the car to try to get his money back, before realising what he\'s doing and then tries to run away, but to no avail. Bichero brings him to his hideout where he interrogates Raymond before finally giving the command for one of his henchmen to execute Raymond. While Raymond struggles, he lets slip he counts money for a job. Bichero then orders for Raymond to be locked in the safe and to count the masses of money locked in it. On Christmas Day, Orlinda visits Raymond to give him a Christmas present. Raymond is still angry at the fact that she has ended him up in this situation. She tells him that she wished the money was only a small portion of what he owned and it wouldn\'t matter that she took it, and tells Raymond he\'s a "common crook". Leaving the safe after being ordered out, she tells Raymond not to give up hope. Raymond collects large portion of the money and claims its his. Orlinda then meets up with Paulo who takes his taxi and ties a rope to pull away at the bars of Raymond\'s prison. After dragging away the bars, Raymond manages to escape with several bags of money. Bichero realises he\'s escaped and sets a henchman on him. Once reaching the bottom of the air vent, the henchman grabs Raymond causing him to knock the controls for a far, switching it on so that all the money in the safe is spread over the city. The henchman releases Raymond so he can pursue some of the money. The rest of the city also goes after the money flying everywhere, leaving Bichero with nothing. Raymond then decides he should return the money to the bank, as he still has enough time to get back to England and return the money to the vaults without anybody noticing it had gone. He quickly buys a ticket back to London and hires a taxi driver to rush him back to the bank. However when he arrives, the police are all over the building. About to rush in and explain to the police inspector, he discovers that over the Christmas period, somebody had tunnelled into the vault and swiped the remainder of the money. Confused and relieved Raymond leaves the bank and intends to return to Rio. Catching a taxi, where a couple leave, he recognises them as his wife and Strothers who have evidently just returned from their holiday in Tenerife. He tells his wife he\'ll leave her the address of where he\'s living in Rio to send the divorce papers, resigns from his job and goes back to Rio. We next see him living with Orlinda and Paulo some years later with two babies and Bichero as his servant.'] ['The cartoon opens with a nervous Petunia Pig tripping on her lines and being unable to pronounce them correctly while on stage, leading an off-screen announcer to quietly tell her not to get excited. This causes her to go into an explosive rant and then the curtain closes on her and the main part of the cartoon starts. Porky is shown buying some flowers, candy, and then eventually a diamond ring. He proceeds to go over to Petunia\'s house and knock on the door, then Petunia goes to answer the door with her spoiled dog, Fluffnums, but when she sees Porky, she is disgusted to see him so she disdainfully tells him to go away. This causes him to leave crying out of sadness and he then walks away, but Fluffnums sees the candy Porky has and alerts her to this fact. Petunia proceeds to run out after Porky and take him into her house, where she rips open the candy container and starts eating it. Porky tries to help himself to the candy several times but is constantly harassed by Fluffnums, who snarls and growls at him each time he tries to reach for the candy box. He eventually tries to propose to Petunia, but as he is starting to do so, Fluffnums pulls a mean-spirited trick on Porky by pulling the rug out from under him and the fickle and selfish Petunia laughs at him, causing Porky to leave the house and walk off in shame. He proceeds to write a suicide note and tries to hang himself from a tree, but the branch the rope is on snaps due to Porky\'s weight, knocking him out and causing him to go into a dreamlike state. Porky dreams that he is at a church and getting married to Petunia, then after the ceremony, they head off on their honeymoon and the couple get together there and then a message Time... munches on! is displayed on screen, and sounds of Petunia eating candy can be heard. The screen then shows Porky having to do all the housework while Petunia is essentially a couch potato; she has become fat and lazy, and Fluffnums has done the same thing. Eventually, Porky\'s kids  are woken up when a stack of dishes accidentally falls over on him from the kitchen counter. He tries to put them back to sleep after Petunia yells at him to "shut those kids up", but even though he meekly tells her he is trying his best to do so, Petunia yells at him for back-talking her and she beats him over the head repeatedly with a rolling pin while the kids cheer her on. Porky then wakes from the dream by Petunia gently brushing him and saying yes to his proposal. When he remembers Petunia\'s horrid treatment of him in his dream and fears what his future could hold for him if he marries her, he proceeds to take his gifts and runs off, then he comes back once to punish Fluffnums for its ill behavior toward him by kicking it, making the dog yelp in pain while Porky runs off again, leaving a dazed and confused Petunia behind as the cartoon irises out.'] ["The plot is basically the same as that of the stage production, with one significant difference. In the original, Ed Earl and Miss Mona had a one-night stand fifteen years earlier, but in the film they maintain an ongoing affair. The relationship in the film brings about not only the accusatory scene, when the sheriff&mdash;disappointed that Mona has broken her promise to close the Chicken Ranch down long enough for things to cool off&mdash;calls her a whore, but also the happy ending, when he proposes marriage to Mona, even though that might endanger his chances to be elected as a state legislator.  The house used in the film is located at Universal Studios in Hollywood and can be viewed as part of the backlot tram tour.  The inspiration for the set came from a real ranchhouse located outside Austin, Texas, which is featured in scenes from the movie.{{cite web}} The role of Melvin P. Thorpe  is based on Marvin Zindler, an eccentric consumer reporter for Houston's KTRK-TV."] ['Gordon Comstock , is a successful copywriter at a flourishing advertising firm in 1930s London. His girlfriend and co-worker, Rosemary , fears he may never settle down with her when he suddenly disavows his money-based lifestyle and quits his job for the artistic satisfaction of writing poetry.'] ["When a wealthy businessman gets sent to prison, for non-payment of alimony; his valet falls for the same dame, with the same game. It's a question of who'll be left standing, at the alter, as the ex-wives and gold-diggers scheme to get the money; and, the ex-husbands, gentlemen, and manservants just want to be loved; and, hang on to their own. The pen seems mightier than the sword, as the secretary and reporter appear to be the only ones immune to the sling and arrows of outrageous fortune, from Cupid's quiver; or, are they?"] ['When the Titanic sinks, infant Dorothy Hunter  is left an orphan. She is brought up by John Connors , whose wife was also lost in the disaster. He goes to such great lengths to protect her privacy that, though she has grown into adulthood and acquired the title of the richest girl in the world, the newspapers do not have an up-to-date photograph of her. She returns to America, but her friend and secretary, Sylvia Lockwood , impersonates her in a meeting with the managers of her fortune. After seeing how happy Sylvia is with her new husband, Phillip ([[Reginald Denny , she broaches the topic of setting a wedding date with Donald , her longtime fiancé. He is forced to admit that he has fallen in love with someone else and was getting up the nerve to tell her. Since she is not the least bit in love, she congratulates him. However, it is too late to cancel the party in which she had planned to announce their wedding. At the party, Dorothy and Sylvia continue pretending to be each other. Dorothy meets Anthony "Tony" Travers  and, after winning $60 from him playing billiards, takes a great liking to him. However, stung by Donald\'s confession that he was never sure he was attracted to her or her money, Dorothy decides to see if Tony would prefer her to the woman Tony thinks is her. She does all in her power to encourage him to court "Dorothy", even lending him money to do so. Connors warns her that she is being foolish, that no man could resist choosing such a seemingly wealthy and beautiful woman, but Dorothy is adamant. Sylvia and Phillip reluctantly play along. Tony is invited to a weekend retreat. Connors, Sylvia, and Phillip arrive a day late, using the bad weather as an excuse to give Dorothy time alone with Tony . By this point, Dorothy is deeply in love. Tony tells her how much he likes her, but then adds that the richest girl in the world "wouldn\'t have him anyway". Unable to bear being his second choice, she tells him that he would probably succeed if he proposed, so he does. Sylvia, having been forewarned by Dorothy, accepts him. That night however, Tony sees Phillip sneaking into Sylvia\'s room. The next morning, he breaks the engagement. Dorothy claims that Phillip came into her bedroom, putting Tony to the ultimate test. When Phillip shows up for breakfast exceptionally pleased with himself, Tony punches him. Then, finally realizing who he really loves, he picks Dorothy up and carries her off to get married in spite of what he believes she did the night before.'] ["Johnny and girlfriend Frankie are performers on a Mississippi River riverboat, which also has a casino. Johnny is a compulsive gambler who is down on his luck and in debt. Johnny and his friend Cully, a musician and composer, visit a gypsy camp to get his fortune told. A lady reads tea leaves and tells Johnny that he will soon meet a red-haired woman who will bring him luck. Back on the boat, Johnny and Cully promptly encounter Nellie Bly, their boss Clint Braden's on-again, off-again girlfriend. Nellie has just caught Braden seducing another singer, Mitzi. Since she has red hair, Nellie is persuaded by Johnny to touch his chips for luck. After he wins, Johnny is convinced that the gypsy must be correct. Frankie finds out and becomes jealous, as does Johnny's boss. In a bit of musical theatre, Frankie shoots Johnny for dancing with Nellie Bly while singing Cully's new song. A Broadway recruiter sees the riverboat show and buys the rights to this new song, suggesting that Frankie and Johnny should work together with him in New York. Landing in New Orleans, the musical cast and riverboat crew attend a masked ball. Frankie, Nellie and Mitzi each rent the same Madame Pompadour costume. Johnny is eager for the luck of redhead Nellie to win more money, contrary to Frankie's expressed wishes. Being masked and in costume, Frankie and Nellie scheme to switch places to test Johnny's lucky-redhead theory. Johnny wins ten thousand dollars at a roulette wheel, but when he kisses the woman he believes to be Nellie, he discovers the switch. Frankie is furious. She throws the winnings out the window. Blackie, a dim-witted stooge who works for the boss, hears Braden drunkenly complain about how he has lost Nellie. Thinking he can be of help, Blackie switches the blank cartridge in Frankie's stage gun for a real bullet. The boss tries to prevent the impending disaster, but arrives at the theatre too late. Frankie has shot Johnny for real. Frankie forgives his gambling as the love of her life appears to be dying on stage. Johnny then stands up, apparently unhurt. Johnny was saved because the bullet struck a lucky medallion he was wearing that Frankie had given him."] ['Cal Weaver  is a middle-aged man who learns that his wife Emily  cheated on him with a coworker, David Lindhagen , and wants a divorce. After moving into his own apartment, Cal goes to a bar night after night, talking loudly about his divorce, until he attracts the attention of a young man named Jacob Palmer . Jacob is a womanizer who beds women each night, although a young woman named Hannah  recently had rejected his advances. Jacob takes pity on Cal, and offers to teach him how to pick up women. Using Jacob\'s teachings, Cal seduces Kate  at the bar. After this encounter, Cal manages to successfully seduce other women in the bar. He sees Emily again at his son Robbie\'s  parent-teacher conference. The meeting goes well until they discover Robbie\'s teacher is Kate, who reveals to Emily that she and Cal slept together. Emily leaves in disgust and begins actively dating David. Meanwhile, Hannah, a recent law school graduate, is expecting her boyfriend, Richard  to propose marriage while they celebrate her passing the bar exam, but he does not, which hurts Hannah\'s feelings. Hannah returns to the bar where she originally rejected Jacob\'s advances and kisses Jacob passionately. The two return to Jacob\'s home to have sex, but end up talking to each other all night and making a connection. Jacob starts a relationship with Hannah, and he becomes distant from Cal. At the same time, Robbie makes numerous grand gestures to try to win the heart of his 17-year-old babysitter, Jessica Riley , who actually has a crush on Cal. On the advice of her classmate Madison , she takes naked photos of herself to send to Cal and tucks them away in an envelope inside her dresser drawer. Later, when Emily calls Cal under the guise of needing help with the house\'s pilot light, Cal decides to try and win her back. Meanwhile, Jacob returns Cal\'s calls and asks for advice about starting a real relationship. Jessica\'s mother, Claire  discovers Jessica\'s naked photos addressed to Cal in her drawer and shows them to Jessica\'s father, Bernie . He rushes to the Weaver residence to confront him about the photos. Cal and his kids create a makeshift mini golf set in their backyard to remind Emily of their first date. During the gathering, Jacob and Hannah show up at the house, and Hannah is revealed to be Cal and Emily\'s daughter. Cal is appalled that Jacob is dating his daughter, and forbids her to see him. At that moment, Bernie shows up and attacks Cal. Jessica arrives and tells her father that Cal knew nothing of the pictures. Then David arrives on the scene to return Emily\'s sweater from a previous date. Cal, Jacob, David, and Bernie then get into a scuffle which is soon broken up by the police. Cal starts spending his time at the bar again and receives a visit from Jacob, who confesses that he is in love with Hannah. Cal refuses to approve of their relationship. Jacob harbors no ill feelings, but rather respects him and praises him for being a great father. At Robbie\'s eighth grade graduation, Robbie is the Salutatorian and gives a pessimistic speech about how he no longer believes in true love and soul-mates. Cal stops him and instead begins to recount his courtship with Emily to the audience, saying that, while he doesn\'t know if things will work out, he will never give up on Emily. With renewed faith, Robbie reaffirms his love for Jessica, to the audience\'s applause. After the ceremony, Cal gives Jacob and Hannah his blessing. Jessica gives Robbie an envelope containing the photos of herself to "get him through high school". Cal and Emily have a laugh talking about the events that have transpired the past year.'] ["Zora Matthews , whose mother Sarah  conceived her with the aid of an anonymous sperm donor, discovers her father is a white man named Hal Jackson . This comes as a major shock to Sarah, who had explicitly requested a black donor. On top of that, Jackson is an obnoxious, sleazy car salesman. The film revolves around Zora and her mother's rocky relationship with Jackson. Jackson eventually comes to have feelings for his supposed daughter and her mother."] ['In an American suburb in Northern New Jersey, conservative, middle-aged Indian immigrant Gopal, a telephone-company engineer who has taken early retirement, is celebrating Diwali in November with his wife and grown daughter. His daughter suddenly tells him that she is leaving indefinitely to teach English in Mongolia with her German boyfriend. As Gopal recovers from this shock and tries to talk her out of it, largely on the grounds that she will be living in sin in his eyes, his wife Madhu announces that she is leaving him as well, and is taking up the spiritual life in an ashram in India. Confused, mortified, bored, and directionless, newly single Gopal lies to his few Indian-American acquaintances about the situation, and refuses to answer his daughter\'s phone calls from Mongolia. He tries to cope with his emptiness by redecorating slightly, searching through the various corners of his small house, reading newspapers, and watching videos of Bollywood romance extravaganza films. Desperately lonely, he latches upon a copy of Cosmopolitan magazine that had belonged to his daughter, and takes a quiz gauging a man\'s suitability for a relationship — which reveals that he is a "Ditchable Dude." In the midst of his distress and his Bollywood fantasies, Gopal\'s eccentric neighbor, the oddly attractive divorcée Mrs. Shaw — whom he had previously thought of as loose-moraled  and slovenly — appears at his door asking to borrow one of his rakes. This sets off a whole new set of fantasies on his part. A few nights later Gopal sees her on her porch nursing a drink, and after a tentative conversation, asks her to have Thanksgiving dinner with him at home the next day. While cleaning and straightening for the date, Gopal finds several more of his daughter\'s Cosmopolitans, and reads several articles on "What women want" from a man — evidently it is for them to "listen, listen, listen." With the help of the advice gleaned from the pages of Cosmopolitan, and to some extent in spite of it, Gopal and Mrs. Shaw  hit it off, and develop a warm, tender, intimate relationship. Mrs. Shaw is a high school counselor, and therefore a good and empathetic listener herself, and Gopal confides in her about his childhood dreams and sorrows. But the relationship does not go exactly as Gopal had planned. On Christmas Day, when Helen gently rebuffs his insistence on his long-term vision for the relationship, Gopal is very upset and shouts at her to leave. He then holes up sullen and frustrated in his house, refusing all attempts at communication from her, and is visibly angry when he sees she has a male visitor nearly a week later. On New Year\'s Eve, Gopal discovers Helen has left a Christmas gift for him, and it is something very meaningful to him. He breaks down, and something in him shifts — regarding the relationship, his family, and himself.'] ['The film features a narrative set in an alternate reality in which there is no such thing as lying and everything said is the absolute truth. In this world people make blunt, often cruel statements, including those that in our world people would normally keep to themselves. Naturally, there is a lack of religious belief. The absence of fiction results in a movie industry limited to lecture-style historical readings, and advertisements as bluntly truthful as the people are. Mark Bellison  is an unsuccessful lecture-film writer who is assigned to write about the 1300s, a "very boring" era. One night he goes out on a date with the beautiful, charming and wealthy Anna McDoogles . She tells Mark she is not attracted to him, due to his looks and unsuccessful financial situation, but is going out with him to satisfy her extremely prejudicial mother and as a favour to Mark\'s friend Greg Kleinschmidt . The next day Mark is fired from his job due to lack of interest in his films, and his landlord evicts him for not paying his rent. Depressed, he goes to the bank to close his account. The teller informs him that the computers are down, and asks him how much money he has in his account. Mark is about to tell her when a strange reaction occurs in his brain, as he remembers how much money his landlord said he owed . As such, he has an epiphany that enables him to tell the world\'s first lie, that he has $800 in his account. The computer comes back online and shows his balance is $300 but the teller gives him the full $800 anyway, assuming that the computer made a mistake. Mark then lies in a variety of other circumstances, including telling an attractive woman that the world will end unless they have sex, preventing a police officer  from arresting his friend Greg for DUI, getting money from a casino, and stopping his neighbour Frank Fawcett  from committing suicide. He then writes a screenplay about the world being invaded by aliens in the 14th century and that the memories of all humans were erased. He becomes wealthy from the success of the film which he named "The Black Plague." Mark convinces Anna to go out with him again hoping she will see past his looks and weight now that he is financially secure. On their date Anna congratulates Mark for his success and admits that he would be a good husband and father. She is still not attracted to him because if they ever have children Mark would contribute half of the heredity to their children, making them "fat kids with snub noses" and Anna does not want that. Mark then gets a call that his mother had a heart attack and rushes to the hospital. There, the doctor  tells him that his mother is going to die. She is terrified of death, believing that death will bring an eternity of nothingness. Mark, through tears, tells her that death instead brings a joyful afterlife, introducing the concept of a Heaven to her, and she dies happy while the doctors and nurses appear awed by what he says. Mark soon receives worldwide attention for his supposed new information about death. Under pressure from Anna, he tells them, through "ten rules", he talks to a "Man In The Sky" who controls everything and promises great rewards in the good place after you die so long as you do no more than three "bad things." Some time later Anna and Mark are hanging out together in a park and Anna asks him if they marry would being rich and famous make their children not fat with snub noses. Mark wants to lie but does not because of his feelings for Anna. Meanwhile Mark\'s rival Brad Kessler  pursues Anna romantically, motivated because of Mark\'s success. However Brad\'s blunt, rude manner makes Anna uncomfortable though she continues dating him; they become engaged. Anna invites Mark to the wedding. Mark tries to convince her to not marry Brad but fails. Anna goes to the park she first went to with Mark and sees a slightly overweight child with an ice cream when some thinner boys come and mush his ice cream into his shirt. She yells at them and then they run away. She runs up to the boy and wipes away his tears while asking his name. He replies \'Short Fat Brian\' to which she tells him: \'you are so much more than just that.\' Before the wedding Mark\'s friend Greg shows up and tells him that he did not lose her yet and Mark reluctantly attends Anna and Brad\'s wedding. There, he objects to the marriage, but the officiant informs him that only the Man in the Sky can stop the wedding. Brad and Anna both ask Mark to ask the Man in the Sky what Anna should do but Mark refuses to say anything and leaves, wanting Anna to choose for herself. Anna walks out and Mark confesses his ability to lie and that the Man In The Sky he told everyone about was made up. Anna struggles to comprehend the concept and asks why he did not lie to convince her to marry him; Mark states that it "wouldn\'t count." Anna confesses that she loves him. Some time later, the now-pregnant Anna and Mark are shown married with a son, who is implied to have his father\'s ability to lie.'] ['Hannah plays Harry, a very shy young gay man who has a birthmark in the shape of Madagascar across much of the left-hand side of his face. On fleeing the city and the shallow gay scene, Harry ends up at a rugged stretch of coastline where he meets Flint, played by Bernard Hill. Flint is very heterosexual and the two are wary of each other to begin with. The film focuses on how their relationship is transformed from distrust, through respect, and ultimately to attraction.'] [' Giselle lives in "Andalasia", an animated fairy tale world devoid of problems, in which there are talking animals and "happy endings". Prince Edward, Giselle\'s designated "true love", saves her from the advances of a troll and they plan to get married the following day. Meanwhile, Queen Narissa, Edward\'s stepmother, schemes to protect the throne. The queen, disguised as an old hag, sends Giselle to New York City\'s Times Square, designating it as a "place where there are no happily ever afters". After a number of misadventures, including a minor car accident, an accidental subway ride with a crowd of people, and having her tiara stolen by a homeless man in the Bowery, Giselle runs into a brightly lit billboard, featuring a huge pink castle, advertising "The Palace" casino. Mistaking the billboard image for an actual palace, Giselle attempts to enter the structure. She falls and is rescued by Robert, a hardened, yet friendly, divorce lawyer. At the insistence of his daughter, Morgan, Robert lets Giselle stay at their apartment. At Robert\'s apartment, she revives the lifestyle of her home world, recruiting urban animals – pigeons, cockroaches and rats – to do the housework while she fashions a dress out of the lawyer\'s curtains. Nancy Tremaine, Robert\'s girlfriend, misunderstands the situation and has a falling out with Robert. Robert wants them both to separate so that he can continue with his life, but eventually believes that Giselle needs his protection. Giselle questions the divorce lawyer about his affection towards Nancy, and decides to help the pair reconcile by sending flowers and tickets to the "King and Queen\'s Ball". Meanwhile, Narissa\'s henchman, Nathaniel, follows Prince Edward and his chipmunk Pip, who have journeyed to New York to rescue Giselle. Nathaniel has been given three poisoned apples to use on Giselle. For his first attempt, Nathaniel attempts to kill Giselle by disguising himself as a vendor and one of the poisoned fruits as a caramel apple. The plan fails when Giselle inadvertently throws the disguised apple in the air, lodging it in a cyclist\'s helmet. Nathaniel questions his servile relationship with Narissa after watching a television soap opera, but decides to fulfill the queen\'s order. At an Italian restaurant, Nathaniel serves Giselle a poisoned apple martini, but is stopped by Pip. Angered with her henchman\'s failures, Narissa comes to New York City. As Giselle and Robert spend more time together, Giselle discovers that the real world is much more complicated than she realized and that she has grown feelings toward Robert. Edward continues to look for Giselle, eventually finding her at Robert\'s apartment. While Edward is eager to take Giselle home and marry, she insists that they first go on a date, which she has learned is customary in the real world. They end their date at the King\'s and Queen\'s Costume Ball. After Nancy and Prince Edward pair off to dance, Giselle dances with Robert. Giselle realizes that Robert is her true love. Edward and Nancy seem to realize the attraction between Giselle and Robert, and also discover a mutual attraction between themselves. At the ball, Narissa manages to poison Giselle before being captured by Edward. Nathaniel reveals that one must kiss Giselle by midnight to break the poison apple\'s spell. After Edward\'s kiss fails to wake Giselle up, Robert kisses her. Giselle awakens and admits that she knew Robert was her one true love. Narissa uses the distracting moment to break free and transform into a dragon. When Robert protects Giselle, Narissa takes Robert hostage. Giselle follows Narissa the window and up to the top of the Woolworth Building. With Pip\'s help, Giselle and Robert are saved and Narissa falls to her death. Giselle and Robert share a passionate kiss on the roof. Giselle uses her magical dress-making talents to successfully run Nancy\'s old boutique shop, assisted by both humans and animals. Both Nathaniel and Pip become successful authors, writing self-help books based on their experiences. Robert, Giselle and Morgan live together, while Edward and Nancy marry in Andalasia. The end narration states, "...and so they all lived happily ever after."'] ['Jack Singer  has sworn to his mother while she was on her deathbed that he would never get married. Years later, he goes back on his promise and proposes to his girlfriend, Betsy , and quickly arranges a Las Vegas marriage. They check into the Bally\'s Hotel. Before the wedding, however, a wealthy professional gambler, Tommy Korman , sees Betsy and notices a striking resemblance to his beloved late wife. He arranges a crooked poker game  where Jack borrows $65,000 after being dealt a straight flush , only to lose to the gambler\'s higher straight flush ; Tommy, however, promises to erase the debt - if he can spend the weekend with Singer\'s fiancée. After getting Korman to agree to no sex, the desperate couple agree. Jack tries desperately to get Betsy back and discovers that Tommy has taken her to Hawaii, where he has his family and connections. The gambler also has a friend, Mahi Mahi , to keep Jack as far as possible from him and Betsy; Jack discovers this and goes to Tommy\'s house, where he\'s attacked by Tommy and arrested. After having Dr. Molar bail him out of jail, Mahi Mahi meets him outside and admits that Korman left with Betsy and is forcing her to marry him. Mahi races Jack to the airport. Betsy decides she cannot go through with the wedding and escapes from Tommy. Meanwhile, after changing many planes and finding himself stuck in San Jose, Jack tries frantically to find a flight to Vegas. Finally, he finds a group about to depart for Vegas, but, much to his surprise, finds out mid-flight that they are the Utah chapter of the "Flying Elvises" - a skydiving team of Elvis impersonators. Jack now realizes that he will have to skydive from 3,000 feet in order to get to Betsy. Jack eventually is able to overcome his fear and lands and spots Betsy, which then ruins Tommy\'s plans. The final scene shows Jack and Betsy getting married in a small Las Vegas chapel with the Flying Elvises as guests, Jack still in his white illuminated jumpsuit and Betsy in her stolen showgirl outfit.'] ['The film revolves around four friends and their relationships with women. Set to the background of upscale Manhattan bars, lofts and apartments, the guys engage in sharp banter and one-upsmanship. The characters, Mark, a therapist ; Runyon, a playwright ; Josh, a playboy  and Phil, a plumber , try  to sort out their troubled love-lives. Mark and his girlfriend  are hung up over moving in together; Runyon is hung up over his old girlfriend Kathryn , who has moved to Los Angeles; the womanizing Josh is hung up on Phil\'s sister, Gina , who has an abusive husband; Phil, who is married with children, finds himself hung up on an English interior designer . The characters in the film spend much of their time trying to decipher the word "pompatus," wondering whether they are mis-hearing the lyrics: "Prophetess"? "Impetus"? "Profitless"? "Impotence"? "Pompous Ass"? Pom-pom tits?'] ['Donovan Donaly , a soap opera producer, comes home unexpectedly early to find his wife Bonnie  with her ex-boyfriend, a pool cleaner named Ollie , even though the Donalys have no pool. Miles Massey , a top divorce attorney and the inventor of the "Massey Pre-nup", a completely foolproof prenuptial agreement, becomes Bonnie\'s lawyer. He is victorious in the divorce case, leaving Donovan with nothing. Meanwhile, Rex Rexroth  is having a sexual roleplaying session with a blonde in a motel room when a private investigator named Gus Petch  bursts in and records everything with a video camera. He takes the video to Rex\'s wife, Marylin Rexroth , who married Rex solely to obtain wealth and independence via a divorce. Rex hires Miles. Marylin learns from her friend, a wealthy fellow serial divorcée named Sarah Sorkin , that Miles is a dangerous opponent. After Marylin and her lawyer, Freddy Bender , fail to reach a settlement with Miles and Rex, Miles asks Marylin to dinner, where they spar. Miles hires Gus to steal some information for him. In court, Miles has a concierge named Heinz, the Baron Krauss von Espy  testify that Marylin asked him several years ago to find her a rich, easily-manipulated husband. As a result, Marylin winds up with nothing. Miles\'s aged boss, Herb Myerson , congratulates Miles on his fine work. Marylin wants revenge and gets it with the help of broke soap producer Donaly, whom she finds living on the street clutching his Emmy statuette. Soon after, Marylin shows up at Miles\'s office with her new fiancé, an oil millionaire named Howard D. Doyle . Though Marylin insists Doyle sign the Massey Prenup, he destroys it during the wedding as a demonstration of his love. A few months later, Marylin divorces Howard and receives the "Doyle Oil fortune". Marylin later bumps into Miles in Las Vegas, Nevada, where he is the keynote speaker at a convention of divorce attorneys. They discover that they both are lonely people despite their wealth. Miles marries her on the spur of the moment. He insists on signing the Massey Prenup to show that he is not doing it for her money, but she tears it up. He announces at the convention that he is abandoning divorce suits in favor of pro-bono work in East Los Angeles. However, Miles soon discovers that Howard D. Doyle is in fact just an actor from one of Donaly\'s soap operas. Marylin has tricked him and now his wealth is at risk. Miles\' boss is most displeased with this turn of events and demands that something be done to save the firm\'s fearsome reputation. He refers Miles to a hitman named Wheezy Joe . But when Miles learns that Marylin\'s ex-husband Rex has died of a heart attack, leaving her millions because he never changed his will, Miles rushes to save his wife. Marylin however is in no danger. Her rottweiler guard dogs have Wheezy Joe surrounded and she offers to pay him double to switch sides. When Miles and his assistant Wrigley arrive, they are confronted by the hit man. In the confusion of the ensuing struggle, Wheezy Joe mistakes his salbutamol inhaler for his gun and shoots himself in the head. Later, Miles and Marylin meet to negotiate their divorce. Miles pleads for a second chance and retroactively signs a Massey Pre-nup. She tears it up, and they kiss. Marylin tells Miles that she has suggested an idea to Donaly for a TV show, and Gus Petch becomes the host of America\'s Funniest Divorce Videos.'] ["By the terms of her late father's will, spoiled London heiress Epifania Parerga, the richest woman in the world, cannot marry unless her prospective husband is able to turn £500 into £15,000 within a three-month period. When Epifania becomes smitten with Alastair, a muscular tennis player, she rigs the contest by giving him £500 in stock and then buying it back for £15,000. Alastair is unable to live with the domineering Epifania, however, and leaves her for the more domestic Polly Smith. Contemplating suicide, Epifania melodramatically plunges into the Thames, and when Dr. Ahmed el Kabir, a self-effacing, selfless Indian physician who runs an inadequately equipped clinic for the poor, ignores her plight and paddles past in his rowboat, she swims to shore and accuses him of being an assassin. Julius Sagamore, the shrewd family solicitor, then suggests that Epifania undergo therapy with noted society psychiatrist Adrian Bond. The opportunist Bond makes a bid for her hand, but after he criticizes her father, Epifania throws him into the Thames, and when Kabir rows out to help Bond, Epifania jumps in the river after him. To ensnare Kabir, Epifania feigns injury, but the dedicated doctor remains impervious to her charms and indifferent to her wealth. Determined to win the doctor, Epifania buys the property surrounding his clinic and then erects a new, modern facility. After Kabir rejects Epifania's offer to run the facility, she suggests that they marry instead. Intimidated by the headstrong heiress, Kabir manufactures a deathbed promise that he made to his mother, pledging that he would not marry unless his prospective bride can take 35 shillings and earn her own living for three months. Undaunted, Epifania accepts his challenge and then discloses the details of her father's will and hands him £500. When Kabir protests that he has no head for money, Epifania plops down the wad of bills and leaves. Setting out to prove her worth, Epifania takes 35 shillings and heads for a sweatshop pasta factory. There, she threatens to expose the labor violations unless Joe, the proprietor, allows her to manage the plant. Three months later, Epifania has installed labor-saving machines, thus boosting productivity and making the plant a big success. Kabir, meanwhile, has tried in vain to give away his £500. After Kabir becomes drunk at a scientific dinner hosted by a wealthy doctor, he finds a sympathetic ear in his former professor and mentor, who generously offers to accept his money. At the clinic, Kabir eagerly turns over the cash to the professor. Soon after the professor leaves, Epifania appears and informs Kabir that she has met his mother's challenge. When he replies that he has failed and given all the money away, Epifania is deeply offended. Deciding to turn her back on the world of men, she announces that she plans to fire her board of directors, disband her empire and retire to a Tibetan monastery once she has evicted all the monks. Desperate to keep his job, Sagamore realizes that Kabir is responsible for Epifania's erratic behavior and goes to see the doctor. At the clinic, Sagamore tells Kabir that Epifania has vowed to withdraw from the world at the stroke of midnight. Concerned, Kabir hurries to the reception where Epifania is to bid farewell to her previous existence. Certain that their marriage is now imminent, Sagamore meets the terms of the will by purchasing Kabir's medical papers for £15,000. After Kabir rushes to Epifania, they kiss and he finally expresses his love."] ['Wealthy restauranteur Harvey Howard , a self-made man, widower and owner of "Harvey Howard Smokehouses", decides to go back to college at the age of 51 and earn a bachelors degree. He faces opposition from his grown snobbish children, as well as a generation gap between himself and his much-younger fellow students. The first day in school he finds that just convincing older students, faculty and the admin personnel is a humorous task. He enrolls and receives freshman rooming, and is up front about his determination to be "just another freshman". Being assigned a quad rooming arrangement, this sets the standard for the upcoming years. Dealing with the student press, the dorm adviser and making that first toast with sauerkraut juice to seal their bond to complete their four years together. The President\'s welcoming speech sets the tone for the effort facing the freshman class. Harvey has to convince the Physical Ed coach that he has what it takes to compete by doing ten plus one pull ups to the cheers of his fellow younger frosh, only to collapse on his face upon finishing his set. Another frosh challenge is the bonfire that must exceed the height of the prior years. Harvey meets the French professor, Helen Gauthier when removing a supporting wooden chair from her porch. The bonfire\'s total height comes up a foot short, Harvey climbs to the summit and deposits his three-foot chair, a very brave and daunting achievement. Having two brilliant roommates and jock Gil Sparrow ([[Fabian , the academic rigors are always fuel for comedy and camaraderie. Science Professor Thayer, is haphazard, and suffers numerous comedic moments, chemicals that take on a life of their own, pairs of wires that should never be brought near each other during a storm, zap, and improving one\'s skating skills except on thin ice. Sophomore year again has Harvey being berated by his children, the school\'s beat reporter is there to welcome him and puts up with the snobby kids. Harvey is off to meet his last year\'s roommates and the requisite toast to success. He is asked to join their fraternity and has the usual hazing period to endure, polishing shoes, washing floors and the most challenging, dressing in drag and getting a retired colonel to sign his dance card at a costume ball. The elderly southern gentleman is suffering a gout attack and his social climbing children are attending the same event. While dancing with his son, he so discombobulates him that his dress is torn in half, and while having it fixed in the ladies lounge he floors his daughter. Back on the floor, Harvey bribes the band leader to play "Dixie", the colonel stands, Harvey pounces into his arms dancing the length of the floor, deposits the sputtering Colonel on his easy chair has him autograph his dance card, throws his wig into his lap and rushes the exit. The rest of the year is full of great football by Gil, academic pressure and more antics by Prof. Thayer. Junior year starts with Harvey arriving in a red Mercedes convertible, and meeting the group at a "Harvey Howard Smokehouse" for a toast of goat milk, which only T.J. Padmanagham likes. The Smokehouse maitre D\' at Harvey Howard\'s, super-snob Burdick doesn\'t like one bit of this. His first task is to rudely challenge the group to order their meals which is fine with Harvey who orders Harvey Burgers with special sauce for the lot. Burdick sneers back that it\'s too early for the special sauce, Navy Brat, Bob Bannerman chimes in with " . . . it\'s later than you think". The burgers arrive and are dry, carbonized and inedible. Harvey, who stands behind all burgers served in his Smokehouses, calls Burdick over to "take them back", Burdick challenges Harvey to do better, which he does. Burdick watching Harvey jump to it at the grill catches Harvey Howard\'s full name and faints. Burdick completes eating a burger prepared by Harvey and becomes a transformed Harvey employee, hilarious. Over the summer prior to Junior Year Harvey had hired Professor Gauthier to tutor him at Nags-head, his children in turn complain to the college and it appears that Gauthier has to resign to save face. The students protest and the President delays any action until the next Spring. Senior Year, Harvey shows up in a taxi, the group gathers and toast their final year, both Harvey and Gil are still hitting the books hard, with some success. Hay rides with phone booth body jams and a smooth procession towards graduation. Harvey is in denial about his love of Professor Gauthier and she coyly asks him would he like to marry her, he stammers, but the gauntlet is cast. Harvey is the Class of 1960 Valedictorian and his speech covers all the bases, why he challenged himself to find a greater purpose, put up with the struggle, his growing admiration and acceptance of his adult children and his friends own accomplishments. One final challenge is for them to never quit and say something like " I could no sooner do that, than I could fly ", a perfect entry into Harvey being hoisted above the audience on cables to fly around the auditorium. A wink to Professor Gauthier, a smile to all, the end.'] ['John Beckwith  and Jeremy Grey  are divorce mediators in Washington D.C. The two friends frequently "crash" wedding parties to meet women, working from a set of rules taught to them by a past crasher, Chazz Reinhold. The duo always has cover stories for inquisitive guests and inevitably become the hit of every reception. Their goals are to enjoy the free food and drinks and ultimately to charm their way into bed with women from the wedding for a one-night stand. After a sequence of successful crashes, Jeremy takes John to a wedding for the daughter of the U.S. Secretary of the Treasury, William Cleary . Once inside, the pair set their sights on Cleary\'s other daughters, Gloria  and Claire . Jeremy ends up having sex with Gloria on a nearby beach while the reception is taking place. Gloria is possessive and quickly becomes obsessed with Jeremy. She claims to have been a virgin until the encounter, which shocks Jeremy, and he tries to get John to bail on the reception with him. Meanwhile, John is attempting to court Claire, the maid of honor, but he is interrupted by her hotheaded boyfriend, Sack Lodge , who later turns out to want to date Claire only because of William\'s political power and is shown to openly mock and cheat on her behind her back. Later, John convinces Jeremy to accept the family\'s invitation to an extended weekend party at their family compound. Once there, Jeremy, John, and other members of the family play a game of touch football, which ends with Jeremy being badly hurt by an over-aggressive Sack. Gloria tends to him, while trying to engage him in sexual intercourse at the same time. At dinner later that evening, Gloria gives Jeremy a hand job under the dinner table, while John spikes Sack\'s wine with eye-drops. Sack becomes sick, which lets John further connect with Claire, and they agree to go for a walk together following dinner. John goes to his room to change his shoes, but William\'s wife, Kathleen ([[Jane Seymour , makes John fondle her surgically enhanced breasts, then rebuffs his actions, much to John\'s confusion. Later that night, Gloria ties up Jeremy and proceeds to rape him, thinking she is being "adventurous" and is fulfilling fantasies. That same night, Gloria\'s gay brother, Todd , paints a provocative image of Jeremy and tries to seduce him, but is interrupted by his father. The next morning, Jeremy asks John if they can go home, but John convinces him to stay, which helps Jeremy realize that John is falling for Claire. That afternoon, the family  go sailing, where John and Claire continue to bond. Following the sailing trip, the family  go on a hunting trip, where Sack intentionally shoots Jeremy in the buttocks . After the hunting trip, John and Claire go on a bike ride through the country, and they end up at a secluded beach. Claire finally admits she isn\'t sure how she feels about Sack, and ends up kissing John passionately. Meanwhile, Gloria is tending to Jeremy\'s wounds, and reveals to Jeremy that she was not a virgin when they met, and that she only said that because that\'s what she thought he would like to hear. Jeremy realizes that he may be in love with Gloria. Later that day while eating lunch, Sack announces his engagement to Claire, leaving Claire at a loss for words, as she had not actually been proposed to. Outside, John is about to convince Claire to be with him, when they are interrupted by Jeremy being chased out of the house. Sack emerges and forces John and Jeremy to tell the truth about who they really are, as he had them privately investigated. John reluctantly reveals their true identities, and William kicks them out. While leaving, Todd wants his portrait back, but Jeremy tells him that he\'s keeping it as a gift; this gives Todd some relief knowing that someone took him seriously as an artist. Jeremy and Gloria briefly confess their love to each other. John and Jeremy return to their normal lives. During that time, Jeremy is trying to keep his relationship with Gloria a secret when John comes in to talk to him. He\'s found a new way to try and reconcile with Claire by trying to be a waiter at her engagement party. Jeremy tries to convince him that his attempts to reconcile with her were unsuccessful and he needs to let it go by coming to term that Claire doesn\'t want anything to do with him. While pretending to be a waiter, he is caught and brutally beaten by Sack . Once he recovers, he goes to search for Jeremy , but instead finds him still at his house and having sex with Gloria. When John learns the truth, he\'s very upset by it and it causes a rift between him and Jeremy. John crashes several more weddings alone, but behaves erratically due to his state of depression, and soon becomes nihilistic and suicidal. Meanwhile, Jeremy continues his relationship with Gloria, culminating in an accepted marriage proposal, and Claire begins to doubt her relationship with Sack. Jeremy attempts to reconcile with John, asking him to be his best man, but John refuses. John then goes to meet their mentor, Chazz Reinhold , to reaffirm Jeremy\'s apparent stupidity in getting engaged. During the visit, Chaz talks him into crashing a funeral instead of going to Jeremy\'s wedding, as Chaz believes that grief is the best aphrodisiac. While there, John takes notice of a woman who is truly grieving for her husband because she loved him. He reconsiders his stance on love and marriage and rushes to Jeremy\'s wedding. John joins the wedding mid-ceremony to Jeremy\'s delight, but soon disrupts it by attempting to speak to Claire. Claire, in tears, leaves the altar, but John quickly professes his love to her and his feelings of regret of his past behavior towards women. Sack interrupts, asking Claire to return to the altar so the wedding can be finished. Claire finally tells Sack that she can\'t marry him. He turns to William for help, but instead William states his full support of his daughter\'s decision to reject Sack, after he admits he put up with him because he thought Claire was happy. Clearly angry, Sack begins aggressively demanding Claire to return to the altar. John states that everyone is getting a good preview of what it would be like to be married to Sack . Sack loses control of himself completely and rushes at John, but Jeremy intervenes and knocks him out. The film ends with Jeremy getting married to Gloria, John uniting with Claire, and the two couples driving away talking about crashing another wedding together.'] ["Celeste  is an alien sent on a secret mission to Earth; Steven Mills  is a widowed scientist who is working on experimental ways to send radio waves into deep space. An accident causes a loss of gravity on Celeste's home world. She's sent to investigate who could affect gravity and how it was done under the belief it was an attack. She's aided by an alien device resembling a tentacle with an eye, which hides in a designer purse to aid Celeste with her encounters on Earth. The Bag is able to create diamonds and designer dresses almost instantaneously. Celeste's inexperience leads to her almost exposing herself as alien, like trying to kiss for the first time or cooking. Jessie Mills , Steven's 13 year old daughter, notices Celeste's strange habits, like eating cigarette butts and flashlight batteries or pulling hard boiled eggs out of boiling hot water with her bare hands. However, she can't convince her smitten father that there is something unusual about Celeste. Celeste encounters a lot of new experiences such as sneezing, sexual intercourse and love. Eventually, Celeste falls in love with Steven and likes his daughter. She attempts to convince her home world that the attack was actually an accident and that Earth shouldn't be destroyed."] ['The film is about the 24-year-old Kristoffer , who lives in Tøyen in Oslo with his friends Geir  and Stig Inge . Geir likes to live dangerously, while Stig Inge is a more cautious and uncertain type. Kristoffer and Geir work as billboard hangers, and in his spare time Kristoffer makes a video diary with Geir and Stig Inge, containing stunts of a Jackass-nature. When Kristoffer\'s girlfriend, Elisabeth, leaves him, his life seems to fall to pieces. Then his videos are featured on Norway\'s most popular talk show, "God morgen Norge" on TV 2, and Kristoffer becomes famous.'] ['Bhaskaran ([[Arya  is a happy-go-lucky guy, who is yet to complete his B. A. Degree, writing arrear examinations annually for years. His only friend is Nallathambi ([[Santhanam  who owns a Hair Cutting Saloon named Thala-Thalapathi Saloon (named after the titles of actors Ajith and [[Vijay  which he received as a dowry for marrying a two-month pregnant woman. Bhaskaran, during an arrear exam, happens to meet a young lecturer Chandrika  and instantly gets attracted to her, though she disapproves of him because he attempted to copy during the exam. Bhaskaran lives with his mother, Sivakami , brother Saravanan  who is a successful veterinarian and sister, Nithya . When his brother marries Nandhini ([[Vijayalakshmi , he finds out that Nandhini\'s younger sister is actually Chandrika, and wishes to marry her. When he approaches his family for a chance, everyone talks very frankly of his unemployed status which rankles him and causes him to leave his house to prove himself. With the support of Nallathambi, he establishes a tutorial for Class 10 students and despite early setbacks makes it work and ensures that he makes a very heavy profit on the deal, while also convincing Chandrika, who eventually reciprocates his love. However despite all this, Chandrika\'s father Shanmugasundaram  is against her marriage with Bhaskaran, the reason being that he had been once insulted by a drunk Nallathambi as revenge for not having sanctioned a loan to Bhaskaran, who also gave him the nickname "Mongoose Mandaiyan" . Shiva , a supposed "teetotaler", is introduced as Chandrika\'s prospective groom. Bhaskaran then confronts Shiva, explaining to him that he loves Chandrika. The two get into a fight soon after, but when Shanmugasundaram arrives at the spot, he learns the truth: Shiva was hired by Bhaskaran to fool everyone about his identity. Under Shiva and Bhaskaran\'s orders, a disappointed Shanmugasundaram finally is forced to unite Bhaskaran and Chandrika.'] ['Luisa Ginglebusher  is a young, naive orphan who is given a job as an usherette in a Budapest movie palace. Detlaff , a waiter she meets in the theatre, takes her to an exclusive party where, to hold off the advances of Konrad , a meat-packing millionaire a little too fond of drink, she picks a name from the phone book to be her "husband", hoping to do a good deed and divert some of Konrad\'s wealth to someone else. When the lucky man, stuffy but poor Dr. Max Sporum , gets a 5-year employment contract and a big bonus from Konrad, he thinks the millionaire is interested in him because of his ethical behavior, diligent hard work and integrity, but actually Konrad plans to send the "husband" to South America so that he will be free to seduce the girl. Many complications ensue when Lu gets curious about Sporum, and pays him a visit.<ref nameavg&sql76697&category=Full%20Synopsis Full synopsis]Crawford, Rod Plot summary'] ['Sadness and boredom involves the life of Justine Last. A 30-year old woman, who has a meaningless job as a make-over assistant at a downscale discount retail store, is married to Phil , a house painter who spends his free time getting high with his friend Bubba . Altough she and Phil are trying to have a baby to improve their lives, Justine feels like she is trapped in a dead-end world. She begins to make friends with the Retail Rodeo new cashier, Thomas "Holden" Worther. The 22-year old aspiring novelist writer and college drop out who still lives with his parents has something in common with Justine: They both have lives they don\'t want for them. He calls himself Holden because he always has his nose on a copy of The Catcher in the Rye, with which he identifies. Justine develops feelings for the unusual personality of Holden, but when he tries to kiss her, she doesn\'t let him, thinking about her husband , and Holden doesn\'t show up for work the next day. Instead, he sends a letter to Justine proclaming his love for her and to meet her at 5 p.m., otherwise she will never hear from him again. That day, Gwen Jackson   gets sick from food poisoning and Justine takes her into hospital, failing to be on the spot by 5, but even though she comes by 5h35, Holden appears out of nowhere and they agree to have a secret relationship, proceeding to a motel where they have sex. This gives Justine a new thrill in her life, but she gets second thoughts after she sees Bubba\'s pickup truck in the motel parking lot, assuming he\'s following her. Corny , the Retail Rodeo security guard, invites Phil and Justine for Bible Studies. Justine agrees to go with Phil, but sees the motel recepcionist on the way to Bible Studies as well, and backs away, leaving Phil stunned and confused. She discovers that Gwen died from the food poisoning, and that Bubba really knows about her and Holden. This leaves Justine guilty for not give the right attention for Gwen disease and for her husband. Concerned about her marriage, Justine agrees to have sex with Bubba after he blackmails her for discovering her affair with Holden, but Holden sees everything, and confronts Justine after work, highly drunk, calling her a hooker for betraying him. Justine begins to worry upon discovering Holden\'s real personality, as a unstable, obsessive, immature boy. Thinking about ditching him, she buys blackberries of the road for him, despite the fact of why Gwen had food poisoning in the first place, by eating bad blackberries, which contained parasites. He starts to eat them, but feeling guilty, Justine throw the box away from his hand. Several days later, Justine feels stomach cramps and her breasts begin swelling; when she has a pregnancy test, she\'s confronted by Phil, and together, they see the test comes back positive, leaving Phil ecstatic, and Justine worried. She realizes that the baby is Holden\'s, not Phil\'s. Meanwhile, Holden, desperate to have Justine in his arms and wanting to begin a new life on the road together, he steals fifteen thousand dollars from the Retail Rodeo safe and his parents. Justine\'s manager discover Holden theft over the security cameras and asks if she\'s Holden accomplice, but she denies it. When Justine gives him a ride to the motel, they plan to meet before noon the next day to run away together. Later that day, Justine walls begins to corner her when Phil receive a call from his sperm doctor and finds out that he is sterile. She convinces him that the sperm test is wrong, but he finds finds charges for the motel on their credit card bill and asks Justine if she\'s having an affair behind his back. When she responds positively, he slaps her across the face and breaks down. Asking her if the baby really his, Justine convinces him once again that the baby is Phil\'s, even though she\'s lying. She lies once again when Phil asks who is the another man, but feeling concerned about Holden, she tells him that it was Corny, when she realizes that he was the one spying on her and Holden in the store deposit through the security cameras. Having another second thoughs about having a new life with Holden, she warns the Retail Rodeo manager and the police about Holden\'s location. When he realizes that he\'s surrounded, he commits suicide, much to her surprise. Corny shows up a work with a broken arm and serveral bruises, but Justine ignores it. Justine decides to stay with Phil, and together they try to have a decent life with their new baby daughter.'] ['An American-raised Indian, Krishnagopal Reddy  finds out to his dismay that his Princeton University roommates are all Indian. He does not associate with the Indian culture that his parents and family have pushed upon him and prefers to be as American as possible. His roommates include Ajay , a Punjabi idolizing desi; Jagjit, who loves art but studies engineering to please his father; and Salim, who is very traditional and conservative, feeling that Indian-American girls are too Westernized to make good wives. Kris meets Nina, a girl he immediately falls for, and is surprised to find out that not only is she Indian, but she is also quite involved with Indian culture. The movie revolves around him making mistakes and trying his best to win Nina over, from joining the Indian Students Association to be near her, to learning how to perform a Dandiya Raas. Thus, Kris eventually begins to enjoy the company of his roommates, all of whom put together their knowledge and skill to help Kris impress Nina through various ways involving the Indian culture, which he eventually comes to love as well. The night of the show, the four roommates show up. There is a fight scene at the end between Nina\'s friend Rakesh and Kris, and Kris wins.  Jagjit\'s father sees what impressive statues he has made for the function and is proud of his son. Salim eventually finds a girl  that he likes. Though Ajay doesn\'t get rid of his "African-American roots," it is implied that he has found a new friend in the president of the Indian Association. The Dandiya Raas and the whole Indian Association function goes off without a hitch.'] ["Kathy has seemingly been happily married to Peter, but their relationship has grown routine. She cannot help but wonder what would happen if she ever got together with her high school sweetheart, Tom, who she had never slept with. Being married prevents her from acting on that, so she asks her friend, Emily, to look Tom up when she goes to Denver, and to sleep with him, then tell Kathy what it was like. Emily does this, but when she tells Kathy that Tom is awesome and they had sex all night, their friendship suffers, as does Kathy's marriage. Things become even more complicated when Emily learns she is pregnant, and is uncertain if Tom or her boyfriend, Elliot is the father."] ['The main protagonists Siva  and Sakthi  meet on a train from Coimbatore and strike up a friendship. Siva introduces himself as an army officer and Sakthi as an air hostess. The two part ways on arrival in Chennai, but Siva promises to meet her soon. He pays a visit to the airline company where Sakthi claimed to work, with his mother Kalyani ([[Urvashi  and best friend Vivek ([[Santhanam  tagging along. When asking for Sakthi, they are instead greeted by another woman with the same name . Siva realizes that he has been tricked. In reality, Siva is a courier deliveryman and Sakthi, a radio jockey. When they learn of each others deception, they swear to get revenge on each other. A series of humorous incidents happen as Siva teases Sakthi live on her radio show and gets her in trouble with her father; and she retaliates by tattling on him to his family and using him as a driver. When Siva fights off a handful of goons to save Sakthi’s brother ([[Sathyan  and helps organize his marriage, Sakthi develops genuine feelings for him. She reveals her feelings by planning a surprise birthday party for Siva, but learns that he had lied about his birth date. Humiliated in front of his family, she leaves angry and bitter. Siva learns of her true feelings for him and attempts to reconcile with her, but she ignores him. Siva grows upset as well, fights with his mother and sister, and continuously destroys Vivek’s new mobile phones . However at one time when he visits her office, he is drunk and misbehaves with the people around. He tells Sakthi\'s assistant to call Sakthi, but the latter, enraged upon Siva\'s behaviour sends a man to beat him up and get him out, Siva loses all his love and care for Sakthi. Some time later, Sakthi’s father arranges for her to meet a prospective groom Arun ([[Arya . Siva coincidentally runs into Arun and is introduced as Sakthi’s "close friend". He proceeds to tell Arun about all her good qualities, never mentioning anything negative. Sakthi, realizing his true love, leaves Arun and asks Siva to marry her. He is still angry about the time she sent a man to beat him up and because he believed she accepted Arun. She apologizes and Siva forgives, but he asks her to go to a nearby temple where they can get married the next day. She visits the temple early the next day, but Siva doesn\'t visit, calling her up and saying that he "refuses" to marry her. Disappointed, Sakthi returns home, but sees that Siva organized a surprise birthday party for her. The two of them make love that night. The following morning he plays another prank on her; she realizes that he will never take any relationship seriously and runs away from him. Some months later, Siva arrives at Sakthi’s house with his family, to formally ask for her hand in marriage. During this time, Sakthi faints and is revealed to be pregnant . When both their families learn this, they humorously surround Siva and beat him up. As the credits roll, a scene set two years later reveals that Siva and Sakthi are married and have a son, to whom Siva brags about how he successfully “got the girl”.'] ['Nina, an interpreter, is beside herself with grief at the recent death of her boyfriend, Jamie, a cellist. When she is on the verge of despair, Jamie reappears as a "ghost" and the couple are reconciled. The screenplay never clarifies whether this occurs in reality, or merely in Nina\'s imagination. Nina is ecstatic, but Jamie\'s behaviour – turning up the central heating to stifling levels, moving furniture around and inviting back "ghost friends" to watch videos – gradually infuriates her, and their relationship deteriorates. She meets Mark , a psychologist, to whom she is attracted, but she is unwilling to become involved with him because of Jamie\'s continued presence. Nina continues to love Jamie but is conflicted by his self-centred behaviour and ultimately wonders out loud, "Was it always like this?" Over Nina’s objections, Jamie decides to leave to allow her to move on. At the end of the film, Jamie watches Nina leave with Mark and one of his fellow ghosts asks, "Well?" and Jamie responds, "I think so. Yes." At this point the central conceit of the movie has become clear: Jamie came back specifically to help Nina get over him by tarnishing her idealized memory of him.'] ["When test results get mixed up, multi-millionaire hypochondriac John Kidley  is told that he only has a month to live. He dumps his fiancee, Juno Marko , and heads for the Swiss spa of Bad Gaswasser, where he meets a young Texas heiress, Mickey Hawkins . Mickey has been betrothed to the fortune hunting Prince Smirnow , but is in love with Henry Munch , a bus driver from back home. Believing he is dying, and wanting to help out, John suggests that he and Mickey get married, planning on leaving her his fortune so that she can marry who she wants when he's gone. On their honeymoon, with Henry along as a chaperone, the couple fall in love for real, although, of course, they don't realize it right away. Eventually, John bests the Prince in a duel, Henry and Juno get engaged, and John and Mickey get to stay together.TCM Full synopsisBrennan, Sandra Plot synopsis"] ['Rebecca Bloomwood  is a shopping addict who lives with her best friend Suze . She works as a journalist for a gardening magazine but dreams to join the fashion magazine Alette. On the way to an interview with Alette, she buys a green scarf. Her credit card is declined, so Rebecca goes to a hot dog stand and offers to buy all the hot dogs with a check, if the seller gives her back change in cash, saying the scarf is to be a gift for her sick aunt. The hot dog vendor refuses but a man offers her $20. When Rebecca arrives at the interview, she\'s told that the position has been filled. However, the receptionist tells her there is an open position with the magazine Successful Saving, explaining how getting a job at Successful Savings could eventually lead to a position at Alette magazine. Rebecca interviews with Luke Brandon , the editor of Successful Savings and the man who just gave her the $20. She hides her scarf outside his office, but Luke\'s assistant comes into the office and gives it back to her. Rebecca knows the game is up and leaves. That evening, drunk, she and Suze write letters to Alette and Successful Saving, but she mails each to the wrong magazine. Luke likes the letter she meant to send to Alette and hires her. Rather than completing a work assignment for a new column, Rebecca goes to a clothing sale. While inspecting a cashmere coat she has just purchased, she realizes it is not 100% cashmere and she has been duped. This gives her an idea for the column, which she writes under the name "The Girl in the Green Scarf" and is an instant success. Rebecca later returns home to renewed confrontations with her debt collector, so Suze makes her attend Shopaholics Anonymous. The group leader, Miss Korch , forces Rebecca to donate all the clothes she just bought, including a bridesmaid\'s dress for Suze\'s wedding and a dress for a TV interview. After the meeting Rebecca can\'t afford to buy back both and buys back the interview dress. During the interview, Rebecca is accused of not paying her debts and loses her job. Suze is angry when she finds out that Rebecca lost the bridesmaid dress. Alette offers Rebecca a position at the magazine, but Rebecca declines. She sells most of her clothes to pay her debts, including the green scarf. Meanwhile, Luke starts a new company, Brandon Communications. Rebecca\'s clothes sale makes it possible for her to pay her debts. Rebecca attends Suze\'s wedding after reclaiming her bridesmaid dress, and Suze forgives her. Rebecca and Luke reunite, and Luke returns the green scarf after revealing that the person who bought it at an auction was acting as his agent. Rebecca becomes romantically involved with Luke and starts working at his new company.'] ["In Tucson, Arizona in 1910, Emily Hefferen visits attorney Robert Hart to file for divorce from her husband Jim, citing his lack of support as grounds. When Hart expresses surprise, given the local hotel, laundry, and dairy bear the Heffernen name, suggesting the family is wealthy, Emily describes her family life for the past twenty years. On their wedding day, Emily discovers Jim, vice-president of the bank, has either donated or lost all his money on bad investments. In order to make ends meet, she takes in another newlywed couple as boarders in their home on the edge of town. As time passes and each of Jim's new moneymaking schemes fails, his wife takes in new boarders in order to make the monthly mortgage payment. Over the years Jim's time increasingly is consumed by his attention to various business ventures, including a hospital, laundry, restaurant, dairy, opera house, and hotel. Every time he starts a new business, Emily adds another room to the house to accommodate more boarders, in addition to their growing family. At daughter Rosemary's high school graduation ceremony, Jim learns the bank is foreclosing the hotel, and Emily resigns herself to being the family's primary breadwinner. Jim decides to mine a nearby arroyo for copper, and when he learns new roomer Rita Kirby's abandoned husband George owns a New Jersey construction company, he invites the man to come to Tucson in the hope he'll invest in his latest project. George arrives with his inebriated mother-in-law, ex-vaudeville entertainer Minnie Moon, but he refuses to discuss any business propositions until he sorts through his personal problems, although he gives Emily a $250 check, which is enough money to pay off the mortgage on their home. When the owner of the arroyo threatens to close the mine unless Jim purchases the property immediately, he secretly takes out a new mortgage, hoping to buy it back after George invests in the venture. However, water instead of copper is found on the land, and all dealings with George end, and banker Sam Howell begins to repossess the Hefferen's furniture. Having concluded telling Hart her story, Emily returns home and finds the furniture being returned, thanks to the kindness of Jim's friends, who paid off the loan. Jim, ashamed he has not provided for his family, prepares to leave. Rosemary reminds her mother that without Jim the town never would have had a hospital, laundry, restaurant, dairy, opera house, and hotel. Emily realizes her marriage is filled with the love required for a couple to overcome their trials and tribulations and urges Jim to stay."] ['Thomas Zelda  has been paroled from prison for being involved in movie piracy. He is picked up by his eccentric sister Vicky  who is revealed to be a habitual liar . He arrives at Vicky\'s home where he plans to spend some time putting his life back together when it\'s revealed that his mother was told  that he went to France instead of prison. Due to her heart condition, Tommy keeps as the story leading to a euphemism where France means "prison" . During dinner, Gray , Tommy\'s old partner from the movie piracy business, shows up and his sister runs him off. The next day, Tommy meets with his parole officer, Angela Popadopolous , who requires him to work at a pirate-themed restaurant called "Pirate Burger" as part of his parole. He informs Angela that he wants to start up his father\'s painting business instead, but is told that he is required to work at the restaurant. While on the job, he sees Christy , his "dead" ex-girlfriend come up to the drive-through window. Realizing Vicky lied to him, he takes the delivery car to see Christy leading them to spend the night together. The next morning, it is revealed that Christy is engaged to Frank  and Tommy is forced to escape the apartment. Since he took the delivery car without permission, he is fired as from "Pirate Burger" and risks going back to jail for breaking the terms of his parole. He is given another chance and goes back to work at Pirate Burger. That night, he is "kidnapped" by Gray and Gray tries to get him to get back into the piracy business. Tommy refuses stating that he wants to "go straight". Tommy is called to make a delivery. He arrives at the apartment of Angela. Her son is trying to play matchmaker to get her to start dating again. While there, he notices that the apartment is in need of a paint job. Tommy decides to show Angela the kind of work he can do so, with the help of two ex-con coworkers  from Pirate Burger, he breaks into Angela\'s apartment while she\'s away and repaints the living room. Meanwhile, the fictional story about Tommy\'s "France" trip continues to evolve including a relationship with Simone, a French astronaut who was killed on the launchpad so that Tommy\'s mother would not fly everyone to France to meet Simone . Angela is furious at Tommy for breaking and entering but understands what he was trying to do and doesn\'t press charges. She sets him up to paint a judge\'s home. While doing the job, Angela shows up to check on Tommy\'s work and invite him to observe her son\'s little league team. The judge\'s wife, later, impressed by the work, invites Tommy to paint the upstairs as well. While getting tools together, Edgar and Rick prepare the upstairs for painting and knock the judge\'s wife\'s diamond ring off the dresser. Edgar, wanting to do something nice for Tommy, steals the ring and gives it to Christy as a "gift from Tommy". Tommy, who doesn\'t know that the theft occurred, joins Angela at the little league game and they begin to express feelings for each other. They set up a formal date. When Tommy arrives at Angela\'s apartment for the date, Angela is furious over the theft and demands the ring back. He goes to Pirate Burger to confront Edgar and Rick, but they have disappeared. He steals the delivery car  and calls Edgar and Rick. They inform him of the ring\'s location and he drives to Christy\'s house to get the ring back. After a short confrontation with Frank and Christy, he gets the ring and returns it to Angela. The manager of Pirate Burger presses charges on Tommy and he goes back to jail. Gray shows up at the prison to bail him out and, disillusioned with his attempts to "go straight", Tommy joins back up with Gray. While this happens, Angela\'s son shows up at Vicky\'s house wanting to see Tommy, but he is not there. Vicky finds Tommy with Gray at the airport and makes up a story about Angela\'s son going missing. Tommy chooses to abandon Gray at the airport  to find Angela\'s son. When he shows up at Angela\'s apartment, he finds out that Vicky has, again, lied to him. His concern for the well being Angela\'s son, however, softens Angela\'s animosity towards Tommy. He invites  Angela to join in a dinner at Vicky\'s house. Angela shows up for the dinner. A story Vicky told Tommy\'s mother about Angela being Tommy\'s "grief counselor" falls apart when Angela informs her that she is actually Tommy\'s parole officer, which also causes the France story to fall apart. The movie ends with Vicky trying to act surprised but no one is buying it.'] ["The life of Nick Keller  can hardly be called well sorted. He stumbles from one temporary employment to the next and he has very serious problems with Heinrich, his rich and influential stepfather, as well as with his brother Viktor. Nick’s latest temporary job is as a cleaner in a psychiatric clinic, where he prevents the notorious barefooted patient Leila  from committing suicide. Leila’s story is also complex. The first nineteen years of her life she had been confined at home by her mother. She has been hospitalized into the clinic after the death of her mother, but is desperate to leave. However mentally Leila is still a child, for example, everything that she is told she takes literally, and she dislikes physical contact with strangers. The unexpected consequence of Nick’s act is that Leila follows her saviour secretly, in her nightdress and once again barefooted, and appears in front of his door at night-time. As Leila constantly refuses go back to the clinic, she and Nick go on a road trip together in order to attend his brother’s wedding to Nick's ex-girlfriend. During the trip the relationship between the two deepens significantly. However, after serious disputes with his family Nick once again tries to hospitalize Leila. Thereby he has to confess to himself that he has fallen in love with Leila. Nick is then arrested for attempted kidnapping and Leila is brought back into the clinic. Nick pretends to have mental problems so he too can go into the clinic with Leila, but only after Leila once again attempts suicide does her doctor admit him. The last scene shows them both together shopping in a supermarket, some months later, having both been released from the clinic."] ["In Los Angeles, Emily Brown is a kleptomaniac, addicted to pills and misses her jailed father and is also having therapy sessions trying to resolve her compulsion. She has a record in the police for shoplifting, and her mother Teresa is a compulsive shopper. The security guard Nick of the Bernstein's department store sees Emily through a camera and becomes fascinated for her. When Nick gets in trouble dealing ecstasy, he presses Emily to help him in a robbery of Bernstein."] ["Robin McAllister  and his family win the lottery and they end up moving from Kansas City to Seattle where Robin attends Locksley Academy, a wealthy private school. While there Robin comes up with a plan to help one of his friends who was hurt and needs money for an operation by robbing from John Prince Sr., the head of a very wealthy corporation. Robin becomes friends with a couple of misfits at school named Will Scarlett  and Little John  and also falls for a girl named Marian  who helps train the horses that Robin's family has. While helping out his friends Robin becomes an enemy of John Prince Jr. , the big shot rich kid at school and his friends Warner and Gibson who are also the sons of rich parents. Then Robin goes to join the archery team but is not allowed to because of John Prince Jr. so he starts his own team and his 2 friends join and learn from Robin. McAllister has to outsmart FBI agent Walter Nottingham and help take down the richest kids in the school during the rest of the movie."] ['Milo Boyd  is a former NYPD detective who now works as a bail enforcement agent . Milo\'s ex-wife, Nicole Hurley , is an investigative reporter who has been arrested for assaulting a police officer . When Nicole receives a tip on a story she is working on — an apparent suicide may actually have been a murder — she skips her bond hearing to meet with her informant, causing the judge to revoke her bail and issue a warrant for her arrest. Unfortunately, just before Nicole arrives, her informant, Jimmy , is kidnapped. Milo is ecstatic when Nicole\'s bail bondsman, Sid , offers him the job of tracking down Nicole and bringing her to jail, for a bounty of $5,000. After questioning Nicole\'s mother Kitty  , Milo apprehends her at a race track in New Jersey, throws her into his car trunk and drives back towards Manhattan. Nicole manages to escape briefly before he catches up with her again. Meanwhile, neither is aware that they are being stalked: Milo by two thugs sent by a bookie named Irene , because of outstanding gambling debts; Nicole by criminal Earl Mahler , who is connected with the story she is investigating, and both of them by Nicole\'s lovestruck coworker Stuart , bent on "rescuing" her. Mahler catches up and tries to kill Nicole, but the two narrowly escape. Milo is not interested in explanations until Nicole admits that she\'s found evidence that implicates their mutual friend, Bobby , Milo\'s ex-partner on the police force. Angry, Milo decides to investigate the crime with her. Clues from Earl\'s car lead them to a country club, where they learn from a caddy that Earl owns a tattoo parlor in Queens, so they start to make their way there. Bobby warns the pair to stay off the road. By coincidence, the nearest hotel is "Cupid\'s Cabin," the bed and breakfast where they spent their honeymoon. They have feelings for each other and they both admit they have made mistakes [from the divorce]. She calls her mother on advice what to do. When she is done, she comes out of the bathroom and overhears Milo telling Sid that he may or may not sleep with Nicole that night, but he\'s taking her to jail nevertheless. Infuriated, she handcuffs Milo to the bed and makes her way to the tattoo parlor herself, finding Jimmy and freeing him before she is captured by Irene\'s thugs, still looking for Milo. Milo manages to rescues her at a strip club. He calls an old friend from the police force and learns that Bobby is on his way to the police\'s evidence warehouse, which is being relocated to a new building. Bobby confronts Earl, who used to be his friend but has used Bobby\'s name to gain access to the warehouse and steal a large amount of confiscated narcotics and cash. Bobby decides to arrest Earl, but Earl draws a gun and shoots him, though not fatally. Milo and Nicole enter the warehouse and Milo is ambushed, but Earl is forced to surrender when Nicole points a shotgun at him. Bobby explains that Earl was using him, as well as the man who supposedly committed suicide, to gain access to the warehouse. There was no proof, so Bobby was waiting for Earl to make his move before arresting him. Milo proudly notes that Earl might have gotten away with it if Nicole hadn\'t picked up certain clues. He and Nicole appear to have reconciled. They concede that sometimes their jobs have to come first. By way of demonstrating this, Milo then turns Nicole into the police, so she can make her court hearing the next day. On his way out of the precinct, Milo runs into a cop who insulted him earlier and punches him in the face. He is arrested and put in a cell next to Nicole\'s. He reminds her that it is their anniversary and they have to spend it together, no matter what. Through the bars they admit their love to each other and kiss.'] ["Ludo Decker  is a Berlin based yellow press reporter. With his photographer Moritz, his daily routine is to spy on celebrities for the tabloid Das Blatt. He also uses his work for frequent sexual contacts with his objects of interest. When heavyweight boxer and celebrity Wladimir Klitschko is about to toast his fiancee Yvonne Catterfeld at their engagement party, Ludo and Moritz are on the scene to report about it. Ludo breaks through a glass dome of the party venue, falls into the cake and is subsequently sentenced to 300 hours of community service at a daycare center. There he meets Anna Gotzlowski , the center's manager. Anna grew up in the same neighborhood as Ludo and used to be picked on and mocked by him. She gets her revenge by appointing him to perform humiliating tasks. Ludo cannot fight this as his parole is at stake. Still he is interested in one-night stands, and has an affair with a child's mother who frequents the facility. After a while, the tensions between Anna and Ludo dissipate and the two become friends. When Anna's date with another man goes awry, she appears at Ludo's flat seeking comfort. The two of them end up in bed, yet Anna's hope that this could develop into something more serious is destroyed for the time being. Ludo sees her only as a friend, until Anna soon starts dating actor Jürgen Vogel, whom she meets in a park. After Ludo writes about her attending the German Film Awards ceremony with Vogel, describing her as the most beautiful woman around, he is fired by his editor. In the end, Ludo realizes that he feels more for Anna than he had previously thought. During a children's festival at a local theatre, he crashes a performance and swears his love to Anna, who sits in the audience with the children. After his discharge from the tabloid paper, he takes up work at Anna's facility."] ["Mark Christopher  is a successful thirty-five-year-old Hollywood screenwriter who has suffered from partial writer's block since winning an Academy Award and has been unable to produce a decent script. One Christmas Eve, he receives an unexpected and very unwanted surprise present. Vice cop Sergeant Sam Hanlon  brings Mark seventeen-year-old Susan Landis . Susan had been abandoned by her mother and was arrested for vagrancy and hitting a Sailor over the head with a beer bottle. Not wanting to keep her in jail over the holidays and aware that Mark was interested in writing a script about juvenile delinquency, the kindhearted cop decides to bend the rules  and offers to let her stay in Mark's luxurious apartment until her arraignment the day after Christmas. Mark is naturally appalled, but is eventually persuaded to take the girl in. This doesn't go over too well with Isabella Alexander , a demanding senator's daughter whom Mark has been dating for years. Isabella's jealousy grows when Susan develops a crush on Mark. Mark's secretary Maude Snodgrass , his best friend Virgil , and his lawyer Harvey Butterworth , do their best to keep the situation under control. When Harvey lets slip that Susan will likely stay in a juvenile detention facility till she is 18, Mark impulsively takes her to Las Vegas and marries her. The marriage, he explains to his friends, will last for just long enough to convince the judge that Susan has made good. The love-struck Susan has other ideas. With the encouragement and support of Maude, who still regrets leaving her childhood love behind for a career in Hollywood, Susan fights to make the marriage permanent. She refuses to sign the annulment papers. When Susan is seen eating strawberries and pickles, Mark's friends assume the worst: that she is pregnant. Susan eventually confesses to Mark that she just likes that combination. Mark has his own confession: he is in love with his wife but is worried by their age difference. Susan tells him all the reasons that they should stay married and pulls him into the bedroom."] ['{{Anchor}} Nick Brady and Shawn Colfax  are two popular football players at the fictional Gerald R. Ford High School who manage to get out of football camp and con their way into the cheerleading squad after overhearing a conversation about the camp\'s abundant female population of 300 cheerleaders. Their objective is to infiltrate the cheerleading camp in order to meet girls. While at cheer camp, Nick and Shawn realize that they actually enjoy cheering and they start to care about their squad as well as the cheer competition. Shawn develops feelings for the head cheerleader, Carly Davidson  and Nick chases after Diora , their camp coach\'s wife. Carly and the rest of the squad find out about the boys\' true motives for attending cheer camp. Carly\'s boyfriend, Dr. Rick ([[David Walton , also reveals that Nick and Shawn initially planned to leave cheer camp before the cheer competition. Nick and Shawn leave camp after being ejected from the squad. While attending a party at their friend\'s house, Nick and Shawn finds out that they are genuinely fond of cheer camp and want their squad to succeed. Nick and Shawn decide to return to cheer camp and help the squad in the cheer competition. While Nick and Shawn are doing their routine, Carly notices Rick is cheating on her with their rivals\' head cheerleader. Shawn and Carly later focus all of their attention to the routine. The squad\'s routine results in their best finish yet, despite a botched attempt to execute the "Fountain of Troy" maneuver. When the squad go for executing the forbidden maneuver, Shawn accidentally goes for a triple backflip instead of a double like Carly and backflips into the water in front of them. The crowd gasps at the impact and the squad rushes to help, but Shawn manages to emerge and yells "Tigers!" before losing consciousness. Although the squad did not win the contest, they place ten spots better than they did last year. The film ends when Nick and Shawn ends up with their girls with Shawn and Carly sharing their kiss.'] ["Vishaal  is a careless youngster who does not have any set goals in life. In contrast, his friend Shivu  is serious and advises Vishaal to reform himself. But Vishaal, whose parents allow him a lot of freedom, finds his own way to deal with his love affairs. He falls in love with Nandini  and wants to marry her. Nandini wants Vishaal to take up a job as it will help her discuss the marriage proposal with her father. He thinks she is the one for him, but only till the point where he has to choose between his music career and her. At this point they break up. Later Vishaal meets television anchor Rashmi  who is ready to marry him but Vishaal realises he wishes to be alone. Meanwhile, his best friend Shivu falls ill and the film ends with both of them video-conferencing about life in general.IBN Live Movie Review - 'Lifu Ishtene' is entertaining"] ['Chhoti Si Baat is a romantic comedy about a painfully shy young man Arun Pradeep , who lacks self-confidence and fails to stand up for his convictions, in the process letting all and sundry walk all over him. One fine day he comes across Prabha Narayan  at the bus stop en route to work and it\'s love at first sight... for Arun that is. Lacking enough courage and unsure if his feelings are reciprocated, he pines for her from afar and follows her around, at a safe distance . Prabha, fully aware of his affections, secretly relishes his discomfort, while waiting for him to make the first move.  While Arun is hopelessly stuck, in comes the suave, brash Nagesh Shastri , a colleague of Prabha\'s, and emerges a serious rival for her attention. It doesn\'t help that he appears to be miles ahead of Arun in the "race" and is all that Arun is not: He\'s gregarious while Arun is shy, he\'s confident and boastful, while Arun is besieged with self-doubt, he\'s smooth, while Arun is awkward, he\'s street smart, while Arun\'s naïve, he\'s assertive while Arun is timid. Plus he owns a scooter and ensures that he has opportunities to offer Prabha a ride, while Arun can only look on. A gullible Arun, trying to match Nagesh with a motorbike of his own, is conned into buying a dud, further embarrassing him in front of Prabha. He seeks salvation in astrology, tarot cards, dubious godmen only to land with egg on his face. In desperation, he finally turns to Colonel Julius Nagendranath Wilfred Singh  of Khandala, who has made it his mission to assist those in love find their true destiny. Colonel Singh agrees to help Arun and thus begins the turnaround as Singh begins to mould Arun into a mature, confident young man through meticulously designed lesson plans, peppered with philosophy and "hands on" training. A "born-again" Arun returns to Bombay with a distinguished swagger, brimming with newly discovered self-esteem, ready to take on the world and win over Prabha.'] ["A former getaway driver abandons his Witness Protection Program identity in order to help his girlfriend get to Los Angeles. His former crew, his girlfriend's ex and the inept United States Marshal assigned to him head off in pursuit."] ['Zinos, a German of Greek descent, owns Soul Kitchen, a shabby, run-down restaurant providing working-class food in the Hamburg area, in an old warehouse space. The business is struggling financially, and tax inspectors ask Zinos for payments. Occasionally a punk rock band uses the restaurant as practice space, but never pays rental fees. An old sailor, Sokrates, continuously works on his boat at the warehouse, but is never able to pay the rent. At a family gathering at an upscale restaurant, Zinos argues with his girlfriend Nadine, a journalist, who is preparing to leave on assignment to Shanghai. During that dinner, the chef, Shayn, has an argument with a customer, and the restaurant owner dismisses Shayn on the spot. Afterwards, Zinos meets an old schoolmate, Thomas Neumann, and his fiancée Tanja. In spite of their arguments over Nadine\'s assignment to Shanghai, Zinos and Nadine maintain contact via Skype. Zino\'s incarcerated brother Illias, a gambler and hustler, is serving a prison sentence, and has "special leave" where he is allowed occasional leave from the prison, but must do community work as part of the terms. Zinos agrees to hire Illias to work at Soul Kitchen, to the disdain of bartender Lucia, because Illias has never had a regular job. Illias asks Zinos not to tell anyone about his criminal past. Later, Zinos injures his back when trying to move a heavy dishwasher. He has no medical insurance and cannot afford full medical treatment. Zinos meets a physical therapist, Anna, in the course of his recovery. Unable to cook, Zinos finds Shayn and hires him as Soul Kitchen\'s new cook. Shayn insists on changing the menu to a new haute cuisine menu. This drives away the old clientele and shrinks business to nearly nothing. Illias has the idea of being a DJ at Soul Kitchen, which he achieves with equipment stolen with the help of his criminal friends. Shayn begins to teach Zinos gourmet cooking skills. Gradually, the restaurant\'s reputation and fortunes turn around, to the point where Zinos can make a tax payment to the authorities. Although Zinos inadvertently, whilst drunk, revealed to Lucia that Illias has a criminal record, with time and his success as a DJ at Soul Kitchen, Lucia changes her opinion of Illias and begins to find herself attracted to him. Meanwhile, Neumann has designs on purchasing the restaurant property and re-developing the site. He offers to buy Soul Kitchen from Zinos, but Zinos continually refuses. One evening, Shayn spikes one dessert with an aphrosidiac from tree bark. This has an effect on everyone in the restaurant, including Neumann and Frau Schuster, the lead tax inspector, where the two of them have sex. Afterwards, after Zinos complimented Neumann on this liaison, Neumann says that he\'s done the same thing financially to the tax authorities. However, on her way out of the restaurant, Zinos chats with Frau Schuster, and Zinos reveals Neumann\'s full name to her. Zinos had hoped to travel to Shanghai to meet Nadine, but the new success of Soul Kitchen causes Zinos to be distracted from maintaining contact with her. New tensions arise in their relationship. To try to reconcile with Nadine, Zinos plans to leave for Shanghai, after he makes Illias manager of Soul Kitchen and gives him full power of attorney. Nadine advises Zinos not to make the journey, because she might be moving her assignment to Tibet. Zinos buys the plane ticket, but at the airport about to leave, he sees Nadine, accompanied by a Chinese man, Mr Han. She has returned following the sudden death of her grandmother. At the funeral, at which Zinos arrives uninvited , he realises that Mr Han is Nadine\'s new boyfriend. Zinos disrupts the funeral and becomes estranged from Nadine and her family.  In Zinos\' absence, Illias loses the Soul Kitchen in a poker game to Neumann, and signs away the deed. Neumann and his hired men evict Zinos, Illias and the other denizens of Soul Kitchen. To try to prevent completion of the deal, Zinos, Illias and some accomplices plan to steal the title deed. The theft fails and the brothers are arrested. Zinos is released, but Illias is kept confined for violating the terms of his sentence. In a final desperate move to try to cure his herniated disc, Anna takes Zinos to a chiropractor, Kemal "the Bone Cruncher", whose extreme therapy succeeds. Zinos is despondent at losing both his restaurant and Nadine. However, Nadine feels some guilt for ending her relationship with Zinos. They have a reconciliation of sorts, where she indicates her eventual plans to return to China and to stay with Mr Han. Lucia has found employment at another restaurant, and Shayn has apparently left the country altogether. In a sudden twist, however, the tax authorities have arrested and convicted Neumann of tax fraud. In prison, Neumann catches a glimpse of Illias, not knowing before that Illias was a convict. Soul Kitchen is now up for auction to the highest bidder, because Neumann\'s ownership is now void. Zinos asks Nadine for a loan to bid for Soul Kitchen at the auction, because she is now wealthy from her grandmother\'s inheritance. Through a fortunate accident due to Sokrates which prevents a rival bid against Zinos, Zinos wins the auction and buys the restaurant back. Although in prison, Illias continue his relationship with Lucia. The film ends with the restaurant closed for a "private party", with only two attendees, Zinos and Anna, who is visiting Soul Kitchen for the first time.'] ["Murali  and his friends go to a village to attend their friend`s marriage ceremony. When they reach they begin to have fun and join in with the festivities. Murali also meets Shailu  and is captivated by her attitude and beauty. Soon both fall in love but Murali soon finds out that she is to be married to a police officer. Murali puts on a brave face for the ceremony but hopes that something or someone will be able to stop the ceremony. He does everything he can to stop the marriage, he even tries to convince Shailu's parents. Finally the movie ends with the approval of Venktramayya for their marriage."] ["Set during World War I, it centers on Lili Smith , a popular British music hall performer who is regarded as a femme fatale. She is actually a German spy, and the uncle she dotes upon is really Colonel Kurt Von Ruger , a fellow spy and her contact with the German military. In hopes of gaining valuable information, Lili begins using her feminine wiles on Major William Larrabee , a top American pilot. However, Lili soon falls in love with Larrabee and cannot find the courage to betray him. When Larrabee discovers Lili's secret, he refuses to turn her in."] ['The movie starts with a small introduction that all the female fans of actor Mahesh Babu were "angry" on him when he got married. Even the heroine is one of them, though she is a die hard fan. Although her aunt  keeps telling her that it\'s not possible to get her married to Mahesh she pays no heed and stays depressed for days. Finally, she compromises with her aunt by demanding that her husband\'s name must be Mahesh. Her aunt relents and starts the search for the groom, though in vain. Her neighbor, Anand, helps the heroine by searching a seemingly perfect "Mahesh". He becomes friends with him and sees that Mahesh is a classy, handsome guy. Soon, the neighbor introduces the two and the couple seem destined to be together forever—until the twists come with a new heroine, her relationship with "Mahesh" and his past. If their love lasts forever forms the rest of the story.'] ["The story begins with Saravanan  receiving his ex-girlfriend Meera’s  wedding invitation. In order to stop the marriage, he sets out for Pondicherry along with his close friend Parthasarathy aka Partha ([[Santhanam  in a janavasa car. As they embark on the journey, a flashback opens up. Saravanan, a happy-go-lucky youth, and Partha work for a cinema theatre in the city. Saravanan meets Meera at a traffic signal and falls for her beauty immediately. He follows her and finds out that she is an aspiring airhostess and her father is a deputy commissioner of police . Despite spending time with him and showing interest in him, Meera rejects Saravanan due to certain circumstances. The flashback ends there and then the comical episodes of Saravanan and Partha begin. With Partha's help, Saravanan tries to impress Meera before the wedding. Meera is impressed and she unites with Saravanan."] ['Lee Phillips  is a movie publicist with a major problem with movie stars Gwen Harrison  and Eddie Thomas . The once golden Hollywood duo formerly known as "America\'s Sweethearts" is now split, due to Gwen\'s affair which has caused Eddie to have a nervous breakdown. While Gwen is shacked up with Hector , Eddie has holed up in a New Age retreat. The eccentric director of their last movie, Hal Weidmann , has demanded that the first viewing of the film be at a press junket although no one has seen it. To sell the film , Lee has decided to get the two back together and sell them as a couple. Both Gwen and Eddie are manipulated into attending the junket: Gwen\'s ego is massaged into going so she looks better to the press and her fans . Lee gifts the owner of the retreat with a very expensive car in return for convincing Eddie that he should leave. Once there, Gwen immediately plays the martyr and Eddie\'s delicate psyche is put to the test in the outside world. Complicating matters are both Gwen\'s personal assistant and sister, Kiki , and Hector, who is overly watchful of his love. Though Kiki has always been in Gwen\'s shadow, Eddie finds himself drawn to her. However, upon their arrival at the junket, Eddie discovers Kiki is no longer the wallflower, having lost a considerable amount of weight. As the junket begins, Eddie and Gwen are thrown together although neither wants anything to do with the film or each other. As in high school  Kiki is forced to be the one who does Gwen\'s dirty work. However, this puts her in Eddie\'s company quite often and the spark that has always been between them continues to grow. Gwen is oblivious to their attraction but still refuses to be outshone by anyone, least of all her own sister. When the movie is finally shown at the press junket, the press, actors, others involved with film discover to their horror that Weidmann essentially junked the script and instead delivered a movie composed of footage shot making the movie - much taken without the actors\' knowledge. Essentially, Weidmann has delivered Hollywood\'s first "Reality Movie". The footage shows Gwen as self-centered, conniving and manipulative and Eddie as a man slowly becoming more and more paranoid as he  suspects his wife is having an affair. Gwen attempts to resolve the situation by announcing the couple is reuniting, but Eddie finds the courage to admit his love for Kiki. Upon hearing this revelation, Gwen fires Kiki. After the junket, Kiki and Eddie are packing to leave the hotel together.'] ["Raju  and Rani  are neighbors and studying in same college. But they never settle on their differences and always fight. Rani keeps on making complains against Raju and hence his father  scolds his son as good-for-nothing. However, both families have good relationship. Rani's father  is a police commissioner and a good friend of Raju's father. The hatred between Raju and Rani takes an ugly turn when Rani slaps Raju during a college competition thus humiliating him. Rani's father is then transferred to Kodaikanal and as a friendly gesture, Raju along with his parents go to the railway station to bid adieu. Rani is surprised by this change in his behaviour and she too undergoes a change inside her heart towards Raju. The two after separating from each other realise how they actually are in love."] ['In the city of Dalian, an old and laid-off factory worker  seeks to marry an obese and divorced middle-aged woman , who he hopes will bring him warmth and comfort in life. So he sets out desperately to find a way to make money for the rich wedding he has promised to present. The hapless man and his friend  decide to renovate a broken bus on top of a hill that is popular for romantic couples. He turns this bus into a small dwelling he names "Happy Times Hotel," which he will rent to willing couples visiting the hill. As he brags about his newly opened "hotel" and how much money he is making, he finds himself entrusted with the care of the woman\'s emaciated, blind stepdaughter Wu Ying , who is unwanted in the house. Not willing to expose his scheme and ruin his attempt to get married, the man enlists the help of his retired co-workers, who agree to do all they can to make the lonely girl happy at her new job as a masseuse in the "hotel." As the story unfolds, a touching friendship between the childless man and the dejected, orphaned girl under his care develops, leading to a moving and surprising conclusion.'] ["Frances Mayes  is a San Francisco writer whose seemingly perfect life takes an unexpected turn when she learns that her husband has been cheating on her. The divorce leaves her depressed and unable to write. Her best friend Patti , a lesbian who is expecting a child, is beginning to think Frances might never recover. She urges Frances to take an Italian vacation to Tuscany using the ticket she purchased before she became pregnant. At first Frances refuses, but after another depressing day in her gloomy apartment, she decides that it's a good idea to get away for awhile. In Tuscany, her tour group stops in the small town of Cortona. After wandering through the charming streets, she notices a posting for a villa for sale in Cortona. She rejoins her tour group on the bus, and just outside of town, the bus stops to allow a herd of sheep to cross the road. While they wait, Frances realizes that they've stopped directly in front of the very villa that she had seen for sale—something she believes is a sign. She asks the driver to stop and she gets off the bus. Through a series of serendipitous events, she becomes the owner of a lovely yet dilapidated villa in beautiful Tuscany. Frances begins her new life with the help of a variety of interesting characters and unusual but gentle souls. She hires a crew of Polish immigrants to renovate the house. Over time, Frances also befriends her Italian neighbors and develops relationships with her Polish workers, the realtor who sold her the villa, and Katherine , an eccentric, aging, British actress who evokes the mystery and beauty of an Italian film star.There are several visual references to Federico Fellini films, especially La Dolce Vita. When Catherine caresses the duck at the open market, it recalls the scene where Anita Ekberg strokes a white kitten prior to dancing in the Fontana di Trevi. Later, she is visited by the now very pregnant Patti, whose partner Grace has left her. Frances meets and has a brief romantic affair with Marcello , but their relationship does not last. She is about to give up on happiness when one of her Polish workers, a teenager named Pawel , and a neighbor's young daughter come to her for help. Her father does not approve of him, yet they are very much in love and want to get married. Frances persuades the girl's family to support their love, and the young lovers are soon married at the villa. During the wedding celebration, Frances meets an American writer who is traveling in Tuscany, and their attraction for each other points to a romantic future."] ["Marvin Payne  is a World War II army air force veteran trying to make it on a shoe-string with a startup air-freight business. On an overnight stay in New York he has the misfortune of being roomed next to the reluctant bride Dee Dee Dillwood  and her rather formal husband Henry Benson. A ruckus causes Payne to become enmeshed in the world of Miss Dillwood. Hiding from her husband, Payne assumes the rather vague Miss Dillwood is a penniless country girl come to the city, who has descended to sleeping with married men to get by. He grudgingly agrees to give her a lift out of town and encourages her to go back to her parents. All the while Payne does not realize that Miss Dillwood is independently wealthy, and the married man she was to sleep with was the man she had just exchanged vows with that afternoon. Meanwhile, Payne's fellow veteran and co-pilot, Bullets Baker  encourages Payne to relax and enjoy life. His encouragements to join him and a couple of young ladies for a few laughs fall on deaf ears. It is with great surprise than that Baker finds a girl in the straight laced Payne's room the following morning. A rough and tumble flight across country result in a number of surprises, not the least of which is that Marvin discovers he cares for the tag-along Miss Dillwood."] ["The story concerns Kay Hilliard , a former nightclub singer who discovers her husband Steven  is having an affair with showgirl Crystal Allen . Kay is the last to find out among her circle of gossiping girlfriends. Kay travels to Reno to divorce from Steve who then marries Crystal, but when Kay finds out that Crystal isn't true to Steve she starts fighting to win her ex-husband back."] ["Sweeney  is a playwright on a career decline. He spends much of his time wheedling money and beer out of his artistic friend Moriarty . One of his few highlights is weekly sex with his ex-wife Georgia . She is in an unhappy marriage with a successful construction contractor . Georgia's husband inexplicably wants to tear down his mother-in-law's house. Georgia works to oppose this, she trades sexual favors for influence with mayoral candidate Burton . Sweeney's escapades end with a fake kidnapping scam. This gets the attention of two inept police officers, played by John Candy and Lawrence Dane. These two end up dressed as garbage men in the chase scene finale; everything winds up with a happy ending."] ["Smart, successful and sexy, Jackson Smith , Brian Palmer , Derrick West  and Terry White  are lifelong friends since childhood, banded together to weather love's innate terrors and occasional triumphs in this brazenly comic yet painfully true exploration of the battle between the sexes. Amidst the career track, basketball and bar hopping, they love women, as many as possible, but shocking revelations test the foursome's friendship and changes their dating and relationship habits forever."] ["Angèle is a 40 year old beautician who works at the title establishment in Paris. She has been an orphan from the age of eight, her father having killed her mother for suspected infidelity, and then killed himself when her infidelity was proved untrue. She picks up men to have short sex flings, but no longer believes in love, having hurt her former boyfriend, Jacques, whom she occasionally contacts out of loneliness, but who is never available at the same time as her. An unkempt younger man, Antoine, sees her at a cafe as she is being dumped by her latest fling, and falls in love with her. He stands outside the beauty shop to watch for Angèle, follows her to a café and declares his love for her, but she for once is lost for words and does not immediately return his feelings. Antoine also reveals that despite his feelings for her, he is engaged, but feels he is drifting away from his fiancée. However, despite her refusal to believe in love, Angèle gradually falls for Antoine. Venus Beauty Institute is run by Nadine, and Angèle's co-workers include Samantha, who has a string of dates and gives Angèle their descriptions, and Marie, the youngest who is still learning the ropes. The co-workers' love lives contrast with Angèle's. Marie has as her client an aging pilot, who had been burnt and had his face reconstructed from his late wife's skin. The pilot wants Marie to come to his house, which she eventually does, watched by Angèle and Antoine. Angèle is concerned that Marie is too naïve and that the pilot invited her to his house to seduce her. As Marie and the pilot begin to make love, Angèle and Antoine start kissing. Christmas is approaching, and Angèle goes to her aunts in Poitiers. Antoine had revealed that he is a sculptor, and had been commissioned to do an altarpiece for the cathedral there. She goes the cathedral to see the artwork, but changes her mind when an old friend recognizes her. Returning to Paris, Angèle goes to the hospital to visit Samantha, who tried to commit suicide out of loneliness over Christmas. Samantha reveals that Nadine is starting a new store, and that she found a new girl to temporarily replace Samantha. However, the new girl, Evelyne, turns out to be a disaster, wanting to arrange the products by colour rather than function, and eventually quits. Meanwhile, Antoine's fiancée had followed him and seen him leave the store with Angèle. She goes to the store as a client, and confides to Angèle that her fiancé is seeing someone else, but she thinks he still loves her. Later, when Antoine takes Angèle shopping, Antoine's fiancée comes into the store; Angèle sees them together and thinks Antoine has betrayed her. She phones Antoine to tell her call their relationship off. To make amends, as Angèle is left to close the store on New Year's Eve, Antoine comes to the store with a present. It is a new dress. Antoine's fiancée sees this and comes into the store with a gun, but when she fires all she succeeds in hitting is the lights. As the sparks fly, Antoine and Angèle kiss each other."] ['Boxer and amateur pilot Joe Pendleton ([[Robert Montgomery  flies his small plane to his next fight in New York City, but crashes when a control cable severs. His soul is "rescued" by 7013, an officious angel , who assumed that Joe could not have survived. Joe\'s manager, Max Corkle , has his body cremated. In the afterlife, the records show his death was a mistake; he was supposed to live for 50 more years. The angel\'s superior, Mr. Jordan , confirms this, but since there is no more body, Joe will have to take over a newly dead corpse. Mr. Jordan explains that a body is just something that is worn, like an overcoat; inside, Joe will still be himself. Joe insists that it be someone in good physical shape, because he wants to continue his boxing career. Joe keeps saying the body they find "Has to be in the pink", a color that Mr. Jordan finds annoying. Another annoying fact is that Joe has somehow managed to bring his saxophone with him to heaven; it\'s his good luck charm, on which he plays "The Last Rose of Summer" very badly. After Joe turns down several unsuitable "candidates", Mr. Jordan takes him to see the body of a crooked, extremely wealthy banker-investor named Bruce Farnsworth. Farnsworth\'s wife Julia  and his secretary, Tony Abbott ([[John Emery  have just drugged and drowned him in a bathtub. Joe is reluctant to take over a life so unlike his previous one, but when he sees the murderous pair mockingly berating Miss Logan , the daughter of a financier who was sold worthless bonds by Farnsworth\'s bank, he changes his mind and agrees to be inserted into Farnsworth\'s body. The audience continues to see Montgomery as Pendleton, but everyone in the film, including his wife and secretary , see and hear Farnsworth. As Farnsworth, Joe reforms. He repays all the investors, including Miss Logan\'s father. He sends for Corkle and convinces him that he is Joe . With Farnsworth\'s money to smooth the way, Corkle trains him and arranges a bout with the current heavyweight champion, but Mr. Jordan returns to warn Joe that, while he is destined to be the new champion, it cannot happen that way. Joe has just enough time to warn Miss Logan, with whom he\'s fallen in love, to look for him in another body, most likely a boxer, before he is shot by his secretary. The body is concealed and Joe returns to a ghostly existence. Accompanied by Mr. Jordan, Joe finds that his replacement in the prizefight with the champ is a clean-cut, honest fighter named Murdoch, whom Joe knows and respects. Finding that he has forgotten his lucky saxophone, Joe runs back to the Farnsworth mansion to find that everyone believes Farnsworth has "disappeared." Corkle has hired a private investigator to find him. The usually down-to-earth Corkle openly explains about Joe, Mr. Jordan and the body-switching, sounding like a Spiritualist . Joe manages to mentally nudge Corkle to turn on the radio to the prizefight, and hears that Murdoch has collapsed without even being touched. Mr. Jordan reveals that the boxer was shot by gamblers because he refused to throw the fight. Joe takes over Murdoch\'s body and wins the fight. Back at the mansion, Corkle hears one of the radio announcers mention a saxophone hanging by the ringside and realizes Joe has assumed Murdoch\'s body. Corkle races down to the dressing room. There, Joe passes along information from Mr. Jordan that Farnsworth\'s body is in a refrigerator in the basement of the mansion. Corkle tells the detective , who promptly has Mrs. Farnsworth and the secretary arrested. As Murdoch, Joe fires his old, crooked manager and hires Corkle. Mr. Jordan reveals to Joe that this is his destiny; he can be Murdoch and live his life. Healing the gunshot wound and at the same time removing Joe\'s memory of his past life, Mr. Jordan hangs around for a bit longer until Miss Logan arrives. She wanted to see Corkle, but runs into Murdoch instead. The pair feel they have met before. The two go off together, while Mr. Jordan smiles over another job well done and says "So Long, Champ".'] ["Two Hands is set in locations around Sydney, starting in the red light district of Kings Cross. Jimmy, while working at a strip club, is approached by local mob boss Pando who says he has work for him. Pando gives Jimmy $10,000 to deliver to a woman in Bondi, and when she appears not to be home, he goes for a swim on the beach. Unfortunately the $10,000 is stolen by street kids while he is swimming, leaving him heavily indebted to the understandably furious Pando and his gang. The street kids Helen  and Pete , go on a spending spree with their new found wealth. The car Jimmy was using on the job—a Ford Falcon belonging to Pando's associate Acko—is stolen by a young man and taken to a mechanic with the intention to sell the car. The mechanic happens to be a friend of Acko's, who, displeased at the news of his car being stolen, suspects Jimmy's involvement. Acko arrives to recover the car but on the way, speeding there his car hits and kills street kid Pete. Helen watches in disbelief as Acko simply picks the dead boy's body off the street and dumps it in the gutter, concerned more about the damage to his car. He drives off leaving Helen alone, crying by her dead friend. Jimmy comes up with a plan to pay off the debt by robbing a bank the next day in Bankstown, New South Wales along with two others. The night before he arranges to meet new friend and love interest Alex  at a pub. Unfortunately the meeting's arrangements are heard by Les, a friend jealous of Alex's attraction to Jimmy and keen to get in with Pando's gang. After informing the gang of the couple's whereabouts, Jimmy is forced to flee the pub with Alex, attempting to escape on the Sydney Monorail, however the escape proves unsuccessful and Jimmy is taken to a remote location where the gang plan to kill him. Through the indirect intervention of Jimmy's dead brother , Jimmy is able to escape alive, and make his way back home to prepare for the bank robbery. The robbery is not without its problems, as the getaway driver is killed by the police but is on the whole successful. Jimmy gets the money he needs, escaping in a stolen Toyota Celica with his remaining accomplice. Ironically, the stolen auto's radio station bumper sticker is spotted by that station's competition team, who give chase attempting to award Jimmy a $10,000 prize. In anger, and not wanting to be identified after the robbery, Jimmy rams them off the road. Jimmy returns to Pando's office to pay off his debt, but thinking he has a gun the gang once again attempt to kill him. Luckily he is able to give them the money before he is killed, and is now offered more work by Pando for his impressive performance escaping the gang on their first attempt to kill him. Jimmy leaves in disgust after pulling a gun on Pando. As Jimmy leaves, Helen one of the street kids passes Jimmy, and in retaliation for the death of her friend she shoots Pando and all his mates dead. The movie ends with Jimmy and Alex buying tickets at an airport to a location 'up north', away from the pressures of life in Sydney.  The Australian DVD released film ends as described above and does not feature any other type of ending as an extra or outtake on the DVD. However the televised version of the film featured a longer ending. Immediately after the scene with Jimmy and Alex purchasing their air tickets, is a scene where Jimmy’s brother Michael delivers a brief monologue completing the karmic message of the film. A beam of light shines down from the heavens and Michael attempts to run to the light, however he is grabbed by a series of hands which erupt from the ground and pull him back down into the earth that he escaped from in the opening introduction scene of the film."] ['{{Plot}} Shelley Darlington  is an aspiring Playboy Playmate living the life of luxury in the Playboy Mansion. The day after her 27th birthday, she awakes to find a note, seemingly from Hugh Hefner, asking her to pack up and leave. Depressed, Shelley leaves in the old car she had arrived in when she first moved into the mansion. After getting in trouble with a police officer, and spending the night in jail, she happens to stumble upon a group of girls who remind her of herself: beautiful and fun. She follows them and sees that they live in luxury too. She tells them of her situation and asks to join them, not knowing that they are members of the Phi Iota Mu sorority; she is rejected by the snobbish Phis because she is not a student, but then sees a group of older ladies called "house mothers" who live and watch over the sorority sisters, but after asking them to join, she is snobbishly rejected by the head house mother. One house mother, however, courteously advises her to inquire with the Zeta Alpha Zeta sorority. She makes her way down to the Zeta house, which appears to be far less \'luxurious\' than the first sorority she visited. The members of the Zeta house are dowdy, socially awkward, and caught off guard by Shelley\'s bubbly nature, prompting them to initially reject her. However, once they see that Shelley\'s ability to attract boys, the Zetas change their mind and take in Shelley as their new "house mother." When getting to know them, the Zetas explain their dilemma of how their sorority is in danger of being shut down, as they have never managed to get 30 pledges to their house. They decide that Shelley can help them gain popularity, in order to gain their 30 pledges. Shelley then decides to start a car-wash, in order to raise money for the girls. As Natalie  and Shelley are washing cars, a group of guys come to talk to them, one of them being Colby , the boy on whom Natalie has a huge crush. But as they are talking, Natalie is failing to impress the guys, and embarrasses herself. During her time spent with "The Zetas", Shelley meets an intellectual, altruistic guy named Oliver , who works at a retirement home, who Shelley seems to like. Later on, Shelley gives the girls a makeover and lessons on how to attract guys and be popular. After their makeover, the girls then decide, to maximize their popularity, they should throw a party. They have an Aztec theme, and they decide to \'sacrifice\' Natalie, as she is a virgin. During the party, she converses with Colby. Shelley goes out on a date with Oliver, and while her flirty tactics work with most guys, they fail with him, for he is a guy who actually wants to get to know Shelley rather than just sleep with her. To impress Oliver on their upcoming second date, Shelley starts attending classes and reading books. Despite remembering a lot of facts during the date, Oliver finds out she was a Playboy bunny. While Shelley tries to deny this, she knocks over a table and gets chewing gum in her hair. Meanwhile, the Zeta girls are viewing the girls who are hoping to pledge to Zeta and are making their pledge acceptances, however, due to their new popularity, the girls have become conceited and cruel, and harshly judge the girls on their appearance rather than who they are. As Shelley is coming back from her unsuccessful date, she receives a call from Hugh Hefner who has found out about the set-up of a jealous Playboy Playmate and why Shelley left and asks her to come back to the mansion, and he has chosen her to be \'Miss November\', a long standing dream of Shelley\'s. Shelley is thrilled, but she realises how much she cares for the Zetas and decides to stay with them. However, inside, the Zetas have realised how much they have changed, and when Shelley returns, they unfairly blame her for changing them . Shelley becomes upset and leaves, before calling Mr. Hefner back to tell him she has reconsidered. The Zetas feel guilty about losing Shelley, and decide to give themselves a second makeover, this time being \'Half-Shelley and Half-Themselves\'. They also decide to draw the pledges out at random, instead of judging them. Natalie and Colby finally start a relationship. At Shelley\'s photoshoot, Shelley is still upset about what happened with the Zetas, and changes her mind about her dream of being a centerfold. The Zetas then arrive at the photoshoot and ask for her back as a house mother, to which she agrees. As Lily  is mailing out the invitations, she is distracted by an attractive boy, who is flirting with her. As she is not looking, Ashley  throws all her pledge invitations in the trash, and delivers out her own pledges. When asking the guy working at the desk what happened to them, he explains that he got them and they have been delivered out, unaware that they had been swapped. The Zetas are now in huge danger of losing their house due to the Phis sabotaging their recruitment list; they need 30 pledges before the adjournment of the panhellenic council meeting on campus. Shelley and the Zetas crash the meeting. Shelley gives a heartfelt speech about what her experience with the Zetas has taught her about love and acceptance, and a gradual total of 30 students in the audience agree to pledge the Zeta House, the 30th being Ashley\'s friend, who is sick of Ashley\'s controlling nature as well as being a Phi and wants to join the Zetas. With the future of the Zetas secured, Natalie reveals that she contacted Oliver on Shelley\'s behalf. Oliver and Shelley reconcile, and Shelley explains that she likes Oliver a lot and was trying too hard to impress him. They decide to start over with their relationship, and Oliver is looking forward to getting to know the "real" Shelley. The film ends with Zetas and their new pledges celebrating. Shelley has remained in close contact with Mr. Hefner and her friends at the Playboy mansion.'] ['The lifelong feud between Max  and John  has cooled; they continue to call each other "moron" and "putz", only now with affection. Their children, Melanie  and Jacob , have become engaged after a brief relationship. Meanwhile, John is enjoying his marriage to wife Ariel , which occurred at the end of the first film. The spring and summer fishing season is also in full swing in Wabasha, Minnesota, with the annual quest to catch "Catfish Hunter", the lake\'s largest catfish, consuming the fishing community. However, the local bait shop closed after the death of its proprietor Chuck in the first film. New arrival to Wabasha, Maria Ragetti , has purchased the building with the intent of converting it into a fancy Italian restaurant. Max and John join forces to try to sabotage the restaurant and succeed to a point, enough to make Ariel force John to go over to the restaurant and apologize to Maria for what he\'s done. Originally, John doesn\'t want to do it, and is encouraged by Max to tell Ariel so, which results in John moving in with Max as Ariel throws him out of the house. John eventually breaks down, and goes to apologize to Maria after realizing that Max lives a slovenly  lifestyle at his home. Things go awry, however, when John and Maria trade shots of grappa over the conversation. He tells her that he\'s happily married with Ariel for six months. Maria mentions that her marriage with Antonio ended badly before it began. Eventually, John drinks too much and passes out, waking up the next morning in the restaurant, leading Ariel and Max to believe that the two slept together. However, Maria\'s mother Francesca  stops the confrontation by revealing three things; the first is that she and John\'s father are in a relationship, Maria has no interest in John and is in fact infatuated with Max, to everyone\'s surprise. While out in his boat one day Max finds Maria on the lake fishing, and the shared interest helps to begin a romance between the two. However, Maria calls it off, thanks to Francesca reminding her of five failed marriages in the past, and Max is bewildered and disappointed. To complicate things further, Jacob and Melanie\'s wedding plans are causing the couple stress because of their fathers\' apparent inability to plan a proper wedding. After John decides to book "Handsome Hans", Wabasha\'s "polka king" for the wedding, Melanie finally snaps and she and Jacob get into a huge argument, which results in the wedding being called off and the two to live separately. Upon hearing the news, John and Max call off their truce and reignite their feud. Once again, Max and John resort to childish pranks to get back at each other, which include: Max broadcasting a video of John sitting still, naked, for a statue Ariel was making of him, Max disconnecting John\'s outboard motor, John cutting Max\'s fishing net and boat anchor line, and John\'s cat Slick spending the night inside Max\'s truck clawing the "authentic imitation leather" on the seats. This leads to the climax of the feud. Max adopts a one-eyed bulldog named Lucky, who chases Slick into John\'s house, messing up the house, and causing the statue of John to break. Seeing the destruction of the statue, Ariel moves out, telling John she isn\'t coming back until the two are done fighting. In addition, Max had another date scheduled for Maria, but her mother will not let her go because Maria has been heartbroken five times in her past marriages and she fears that Max will make it six. Maria does not show up for their date and Max tries in vain to get in contact with her. Saddened over Ariel leaving and moving in with Melanie, John goes to the lake to fish with his father  and get some advice of what to do about what had just happened. However, Grandpa has died on the couch he used to fish on. At his funeral, his ashes are scattered in the lake, in front of everyone. Max and John call off their feud again when they bond over John\'s father. The two also help Jacob and Melanie reunite after their brief estrangement and the wedding is apparently back on. Before leaving to reconcile with Ariel, John convinces Max to try again with Maria, telling him to "park that stupid pride of his" and tell her how he really feels. Max decides to visit Maria at Ragetti\'s. Max stops to see Maria, but her mother refuses to let him in. He doesn\'t give up and comes in anyway by telling Francesca that he refuses to leave until he sees her. Maria doesn\'t want to see him, but she eventually comes out. She comes clean by telling Max the truth on how many times she\'s actually been married. He was only aware of one marriage, to a man named Antonio and could be implied that John told him about it. Max decides then to explain to Maria he\'s not like the other 5 men she was with and that he knows how to treat a lady. In telling her how he truly feels, the two rekindle their romance. Much like the first film, a wedding is to take place at the end. On the way to the wedding, however, Max and John see a fellow fisherman named Sven, who has come in contact with Catfish Hunter and is staggering around bewildered after being unable to catch him. Max convinces John that they should take one more try at catching the fish, considering his boat is nearby. John agrees, and the two set out to catch Catfish Hunter in spite of all the damage John did to Max\'s boat earlier in the film. The two manage to reel in the large catfish and have him in the boat, but John says that they should throw him back. Max thinks he\'s nuts, but John reminds him that his father had been trying to catch Catfish Hunter for twenty years, and the two should be in the lake together. Therefore, Catfish Hunter is returned to the lake and the duo rushes to the church for the wedding, which turns out to be Max\'s wedding to Maria . Max and Maria are wed and drive away in the limousine to their reception to be held at Maria\'s restaurant, which will also serve as the town\'s bait shop again. As in the first film, a trick is played on the newlyweds in the limo on the way to the reception. Max and Maria were kissing and looked up to see Lucky looking back. They are startled at first, but realized that they\'re smelling Lucky. John had put the dog in the front seat to stink up the limo as revenge for the prank Max pulled on him with a dead fish.'] ["{{Expand section}} Annette Monard Street  is an aspiring singer, who falls in love with and marries Jonathan Street , a struggling young composer. Jonathan pushes her into a singing career, and she soon becomes a star. Meanwhile, Jonathan is unable to sell his music, and he finds himself jealous of his wife's success. Concerned about their relationship, Annette uses her influence to get Jonathan's work turned into a musical comedy. Once she achieves this, she then retires from public life in order to raise a family."] ["Sin Min-joo is juggling relationships with four different men, adopting a different persona for each one. But her love life becomes increasingly tangled, and the men show their true colours when they find out how they've been manipulated."] ["Songwriter Terry Trindale is attracted to Consuelo Croyden, a woman he sees nightly at a Palm Beach casino. He finally works up the courage to approach her and express his feelings, but she rebuffs his advances. When he later accrues a $3,200 gambling debt to her, Consuelo agrees to hire him as her secretary to work off what he owes her. One of Terry's duties is to assume the role of her fiancé in order to discourage the insistent attention of Tony Barling, to whom Consuelo once was engaged, and to keep her from succumbing to her former beau's charms. Tony refuses to believe she loves someone else and, when he recognizes Terry from the casino, his suspicions are aroused, despite Terry's outward displays of affection for Consuelo. Tony convinces her to join him on a friend's yacht, but Terry reminds her of his responsibility and keeps her from going. Four weeks later, Consuelo finds herself still saddled with Terry, who has refused to accompany his songwriting partner Chappie Champagne to New York City to promote their latest tune. Consuelo insists she no longer has any interest in Tony and offers to cancel the rest of Terry's debt so he can join Chappie. Terry departs, and moments later Consuelo receives a call from Tony and invites him to the house. Instead it is Terry, who had disguised his voice, who arrives, and he berates Consuelo for her lack of self-control. Complications arise when Tony actually does arrive on the scene and finds Terry, wearing Consuelo's satin pajamas, in bed. When Terry refuses to admit the truth, an angered Tony departs for his hotel, Consuelo follows, and Terry is not far behind. The two men engage in a brawl and eventually are arrested. During their hearing on charges of disturbing the peace and assaulting a police officer, Chappie arrives with money from the sale of their song to pay for Terry's fine. Tony proposes to Consuelo, but she realizes she's in love with Terry, who is arrested for grand larceny when he arrives at the airport with Chappie. The bogus charge, brought by Consuelo in order to stop Terry from leaving, is dropped, and the two embrace."] ['Jennifer , a 17-year-old mall rat punk-goth girl, takes a shine to the 49-year-old manager of a Los Angeles clothing store, Randall Harris , who also notices her. In an unlikely move, he gives her a job as a stockroom clerk, but she finds her way to the front of the store and begins to interact with -- and sell clothes to -- customers. As the two strike up an unlikely friendship, they realize that neither has any close friends with whom they can talk. They nickname each other "J" and "R." Randall helps Jennifer get an apartment of her own with an advance on her salary. He buys her a dress for work. While he can\'t go through with getting a tattoo, he does go with her to a cemetery to lie on graves and feel the "energy" of the deceased -- something she does regularly. At one point, Jennifer reveals to Randall that she engages in self harm. After Randall collapses in the street while taking a walk, Jennifer discovers he has a terminal disease, leukemia, and doesn\'t have long to live. While collecting his personal belongings at his home, she discovers the address of his ex-wife. Unable to contact her by phone, J drives to Albuquerque, New Mexico only to find she had died six months earlier in a car accident. J meets the woman\'s  son, Randy, a deeply cynical young man who was told his father had died before he was born. Jennifer convinces him to come back to L.A. before Randall dies. Because of Jennifer, they have a brief time to get to know one another. Her friendship with Randall inspires her to seek a more friendly relationship with her own mother, father and stepfather. In Randall\'s final days, Jennifer organizes a dinner at which his son and Jennifer\'s family come together to celebrate his life.'] ["Bong-soo  has been working as manager of a small bank in an apartment complex for three years. During his three years there, 23 years if you count his school days, Bong-soo has never been late. However, he purposely decides to skip work one day. There is only one reason. Inside a subway train that has suddenly stopped on his way to work, everyone around him reaches for their cell phones to call someone. At that moment, he realized that he does not have a single person to call. He does not know that inside the educational center across the street from the bank where he works, a 27-year-old woman Won-ju  is looking over to him, nourishing a small love. Bong-soo and Won-ju run into each other every day, at the Ramen restaurant, at the bank, at the bus station. All kinds of trivial incidents occur but Bong-soo still does not truly recognize Won-ju's presence. One day, while looking over the bank's CCTV tapes, Bong-soo discovers someone pitifully calling out his name to the small, closed-circuit camera that does not even record sound."] ["When Jack Mitchell, a lonely, middle-aged salesman from Utica, New York, meets his old fraternity brother Larry Moore while on business in Chicago, he asks him to introduce him to a nice woman. Larry gives him T.R. Baskin's phone number, and Jack invites her to visit him at his hotel. Following an awkward silence, the two end up in bed, where T.R. begins to tell Jack about her past, a story that unfolds via flashback. After moving to Chicago from a small town in Ohio, T.R. is forced to rent a studio apartment in a dilapidated building in a run-down area of the city. She finds employment as a typist in a large corporation where she meets Dayle Wigoda, who arranges a blind date with her boyfriend's wealthy friend Arthur, who proves to be an obnoxious bigot and misogynist. T.R. realizes she'd rather be alone than spend time with such a callous individual. One night, after leaving a noisy bar, T.R. sees Larry reading a book at the window of a café. She joins him at his table and learns he edits and publishes textbooks. The two go to his apartment and discuss their individual disappointments. Larry misses spending time with his children, while T.R. confesses she always has felt like an outsider. The two make love, and the following morning T.R. feels she finally has taken the first step towards an intimate relationship, only to discover Larry has put a $20 bill in her coat pocket. Feeling betrayed and humiliated, she rushes out. At home, T.R. calls her parents for consolation but instead receives a lecture about her decision to move to Chicago. Back in the present once again, T.R. and Jack agree they're glad they met each other, and T.R. leaves the hotel, optimistically believing better days are in her future."] ['Liam Liu is auditioning for a role in a tooth-paste advertisement. He is rejected after some initial questions by the screeners because he is not considered " [East] Asian" enough. This begins our glimpse into the casting decision of Hollywood producers, who Liam believes heavily stereotype East Asian men to the point where it is difficult for them to land normal roles. Liam then takes a city bus home from the audition since his car is towed away, and there, he meets Adelaide Bourbon , a young, beautiful, high school student. During the ride home, Liam discovers that Adelaide has been sketching a picture of him. The two begin to converse and Adelaide sings Liam a song, whereupon they become quick friends. Liam feels guilt for becoming friends with such a young girl and Adelaide later asks Liam to go to the prom with her. He declines, and this serves as the basis for the many times that Liam feels guilty in having a budding friendship with such a young girl. His friend, Joe Silverman  is one of the most vocal opponents of the "friendship", as Joe expresses his belief that no good can come out of what is developing between him and Adelaide. During a scene early in the movie, Liam expresses his frustration in the stereotyping of East Asian men in Hollywood, since he himself is a struggling actor. Joe reminds Liam that it was Liam\'s decision to drop out of Columbia University to pursue a career in acting. In the "bar scene," as it is known, Joe challenges Liam to ask a Caucasian woman at the bar out. Liam rails against Joe and the woman at the bar, Georgia , because she supposedly represents the superficiality and status-seeking of Hollywood and of Caucasian women in the U.S. in general. Still, Liam is attracted to Georgia and has been in several W.G.W.A.G.  relationships before in Hollywood. Nonetheless, Liam takes Joe up on this bar bet and sits down next to Georgia. In a small period of time, he is able to charm Georgia, saying that her name represents Liam\'s "favorite Confederate state." The two sleep together, but Liam weeps after his father calls him while the two are having sex, ostensibly because Liam, while able to have sex with the woman he chose, feels pangs of emptiness from not being connected to his folk, and instead, being lured into the image of success represented by women such as Georgia. After having sex with Georgia, Liam picks Adelaide up to take her to school. Liam is obviously conflicted as he connects with Adelaide on an intellectual level, but can not get past the difference in their age. Liam then gets a call from his father in New York, informing him that Liam\'s grand-mother has died and has left Liam a small house in Shanghai. Liam travels to Shanghai, promising to call Adelaide daily while he is there. Upon arrival, he is greeted by his cousin who speaks English and who has found an older couple to buy Liam\'s house for him. After spending a night out on the town with his cousin and a call girl named Amy , as well as an awkward late night call from Adelaide at his hotel, Liam goes to meet the buyers of his house. After seeing the view of Shanghai from the house, and being told that the house would sell for five hundred thousand yuan and not five hundred thousand U.S. dollars,1 Chinese yuan = 0.142763 U.S. dollars Liam chooses not to sell the house. While at a bar, he meets Micki Yang . Micki is initially resistant to the charms of Liam, but the two slowly tour Shanghai doing things Liam has never done. Micki is still somewhat skeptical about Liam, since Liam is, in a sense, foreign in his home country and has never visited and knows little about his home-land. After spending the night together, Liam decides to move into his grand-mother\'s house in Shanghai. Liam returns to L.A. and tells his friends of his plan. After a tearful goodbye with Adelaide, he returns to Shanghai and tries to live as a Chinese person. Unfortunately, Liam is picked up by Micki\'s gangster boy-friend, of whom Liam was not aware, after he finds out about Liam and Micki\'s relationship. Pointing out Liam\'s up-bringing in the U.S., Micki\'s boy-friend dumps Liam from a limosine in the pouring rain in downtown Shanghai. Liam is reminded of his semiforeign status as he wanders the streets unable to communicate with the people or find his way home. Liam later asks Micki about her boyfriend, and she responds that she is only with him because her family is destitute - her mother raised her and her numerous young siblings alone, and it would greatly aid her family to have access to such money. She also mentioned that Liam can not possibly understand the options one has when one is living a life of abject poverty. After Micki tells Liam to go back to Los Angeles, he again almost sells the house to the elderly couple, but has another change of heart and decides to leave the house to Micki, who will be able to use the house to abide in with her family and thus will not be forced to remain with her boyfriend because of financial issues. He returns to the U.S. to reconcile with Adelaide, but she rebukes him as she is leaving for France to attend art school. With a mixed-message good-bye, she goes to France and Liam reconciles with his father, getting a job at Starbuck\'s and successfully auditioning for an advertisement for a genital herpes treatment. Adelaide later returns to the U.S. and Liam is prepared to meet her upon her arrival to the air-port from France. However, as he prepares to walk up to give her some flowers, he sees Adelaide kissing a Caucasian man as they part. Liam walks out of the air-port and disposes of the flowers in frustration of himself. As he prepares to leave, however, Adelaide accosts him. When he asks about the man in the airport, she informs Liam that the man was her instructor and that "he\'s as gay as a pineapple." They agree to restart their relationship on a more solid footing , and he explains that he\'s "daffy about her." She tells him "anything is possible, that\'s the beauty of living". The movie ends with the two hugging outside the airport with the song "Home" being sung in the background by Hayden Panettiere.'] ["Having turned his back on a promising career as a professional golfer, Kang Seung-wan is now a down on his luck stock exchange worker, and in debt to local gangster Ma Kang-sung. After crashing his car while driving through a tunnel, Seung-wan wakes up to find himself in an alternate reality where he fulfilled his sporting ambitions, and is now a famous golf champion. But things aren't as perfect as they first seem; he now has a wife who wants a divorce, and must compete in a major golf tournament despite not having played for over ten years."] ['The film focuses on four friends and recent college graduates living in Houston. Coffee-house guitarist Troy Dyer and budding filmmaker Lelaina Pierce are attracted to each other, although they have not acted on their feelings save for one brief, drunken encounter. Troy is floundering, having lost several minimum wage jobs – the last of which he loses early in the film for stealing a candy bar from his employer. Lelaina, on the other hand, was valedictorian of her university, and has aspirations to become a documentarian, although initially having to settle for a position as production assistant to a rude and obnoxious TV host. Lelaina meets Michael Grates when she throws a cigarette into his convertible, causing him to crash into her car. The two soon begin to date. He works at an MTV-like cable channel called "In Your Face" as an executive, and after learning about a documentary she\'s been working on, wants to get it aired on his network. Lelaina\'s roommate Vickie has a series of one-night stands and short relationships with dozens of guys; her promiscuity leads her to confront a very-real risk of contracting AIDS after a former fling tests positive for HIV. Vickie works as a sales associate for The Gap, and is later promoted to manager and seems content with her new job. Her friend Sammy Gray is gay; he remains celibate, not because of a fear of AIDS, but because forming a relationship would force him to come out to his conservative parents. After an impulsive act of retribution, Lelaina loses her job, which causes some tension with her roommates. Eventually, Vickie\'s AIDS test comes back negative and Sammy comes out to his parents  and the two manage to resume their lives. Meanwhile, Lelaina\'s relationship with Michael dissolves after he helps her sell the documentary to his network, only to let them edit it into a stylized montage that she feels compromises her artistic vision. Lelaina and Troy then sleep together and confess their love. The morning after, he avoids her and, after a messy confrontation, leaves town. After Troy\'s father dies, he forces himself to reevaluate his life, deciding to attempt a relationship with Lelaina. Troy and Lelaina reunite and make amends after Troy returns from his father\'s funeral in Chicago. While we do not see what happens to Michael, during the credits there is an abrupt break where two characters, "Laina" and "Roy," who are obvious parodies of Lelaina and Troy, have an argument about their relationship. As the "show\'s" credits roll, Michael\'s name is revealed as the producer, implying that he has turned the failed relationship into the subject of a new show on his network.'] ['The movie opens at a 10-year college reunion that a reluctant Dex has decided to attend in the company of his married friends Rick and Maggie. In his college days, Dex was the stud of the campus, using philosophy as an aphrodisiac to bed a series of young women. After putting the first of what will be successful moves on a student bartender, he finds Rick and Maggie talking with Syd. Syd is back in town for an upcoming opera production for which she is the designer; she is also staying with Rick and Maggie. While she remembers Dex, his memory of her is a little more fuzzy. Dex shares a house with three other slacker buddies who spend their free time  engaged variously in playing disc golf, playing poker, and drinking - all while trading quips about philosophy and pop culture. One of the group, Dave, has met a woman and the group decides to help him in his pursuit of her by teaching him their approach to seduction, "The Tao of Steve." Dex has his own relationship problems, as the woman with whom he has been having an affair, Beth, has started to give off signals that she would leave her husband to be with him. This puts Dex in a bind, as he views her as nothing more than a "friend with benefits". Meanwhile, Dex is becoming more and more intrigued with Syd, with whom he must carpool after his motorcycle breaks down. Dex is habitually late, often still in his bathrobe and taking long hits on his ever-present bong when she arrives to pick him up. Syd is not entirely unreceptive to Dex\'s overtures. But there is a major obstacle to be overcome, for it turns out that Syd was one of Dex\'s college conquests and the fact that he has completely forgotten about it does little to endear him to her.'] ['When shy Larry Hubbard , a greeting card writer, finds his girlfriend in bed with another man, he is forced to begin a new life as single. After going through a period of terrible luck with women, he meets and tries to court Iris  who is not, however, interested in him. At the pit of his despair, Hubbard writes a book titled A Guide for the Lonely Guy, which is rampantly successful and catapults him into an entirely different experience of life. He becomes rich and famous and even his relationship with Iris can begin on a new basis.'] ['Ever since little, Wilford  has been suffering from mysophobia. Even his longtime girlfriend Flan  cannot stand him and dumped him. While he is feeling all sad, his friends bring him to Temple Street where steps in for the first time ever. There, he bumps into the "The Princess of Temple Street" Sue . As Wilford spends time with Sue, his mysophobia goes away and also develops a relationship with her. Things were going on pretty well until Flan returns.'] ["Twelve-year-old Mindy Ho  tries Taoist magic to fix her single mother's  financial situation and seemingly hopeless romantic prospects. Mindy's misdirected charms appear to cause an aging security guard to lose his job and a local butcher to win the lottery. The guard, the butcher and her mother's stories all intersect, bound together by Mindy's attempts at magical intervention. Kevin Yee plays Raymond Lee, a young boy who loses his turtle; Mindy tries to help him find the animal by using her magic."] ['Happy-go-lucky advertising executive David Basner , who recently got a promotion at his Chicago ad agency, returns to work from a vacation. He is utterly carefree until his parents split up after 36 years of marriage. Out of the blue, he must care for his aging, bitter father, Max , as well as be there for his emotionally fragile mother, Lorraine . To add insult to injury, Max has just been fired from his 35-year career in the garment industry. At work, David is developing a commercial for Colonial Airlines, owned by the rich and eccentric Andrew Woolridge . A successful ad campaign would likely promote David to partner in his company. David develops a relationship with Woolridge\'s daughter, no-nonsense Cheryl Ann Wayne . His father is well aware of David\'s playboy nature. Asking at one point if his son is in bed with a woman, Max adds: "Anybody you know?" The parents begin to rely more and more on David, calling him on the phone constantly. His mother needs help moving to a new apartment. His father needs to be driven to an eye doctor. Lorraine needs to be rescued in a bar after going out on a date with another man, having become frightened when he tried to kiss her goodnight. David\'s mother then confides to him that Max cheated on her and humiliated her. An enraged David goes to confront Max. Their argument ends with David saying: "Tomorrow I\'m shooting a commercial about a family who loves each other, who cares about each other. I\'m fakin\' it." The next day, David is distracted by the deteriorating relationship with his dad and it affects his work. As a peace offering, David offers to take Max to a nightclub to hear some of the jazz music Max likes. It is there that David accidentally discovers a secret Max has been hiding: diabetes. His foot is gangrened. Max must go to the hospital. While awaiting surgery, he and Lorraine share their thoughts about their life together, with Lorraine condemning him for doing what he did to himself and to her. Max sobs over his mistakes once he is alone. At the agency, Andrew Woolridge insists that David go to New York with him to promote his new ad campaign. David refuses, saying he wants to stay with his sick father. Woolridge complains that it\'s unnecessary. David tells him off and is fired. The next day, David accompanies his dad to the operating room. His boss Charlie, after relating a similar story to David about his difficult relationship with his own father, assures David that he will personally smooth things over with Woolridge, so David should take some time off. Max loses two toes. When he goes home from the hospital, David pushes his wheelchair. Max admits to his son: "You were the last person I thought would ever come through for me."'] ["The film opens at a Rotary Club function to honor the recently retired Justice Jyotin Chatterjee. The judge has served the profession all his life with honor and spotless integrity. As he is about to retire, he recognizes there will now be a void in his life. His wife remarks to reporters that neither he nor she knows what he would do after he retires. Retired life is not easy for the aging judge. The younger generation is bolder and quicker than he was in his time. He is invited as the guest of honor at many functions. But he finds that his stump speech about the venerable and time-tested legal profession falls flat. The youngsters wish to know when the law will relax its grip on their issues . The judge admits that love makes the world go round and urges the youngsters to enjoy their youth but to do so responsibly. The judge also agrees  to a suggestion from his family and visits Joggers Park to get some exercise. He finds that the Park moves at the pace of its younger regulars, much too quickly for him. He wonders if he will ever catch up. Around this time he meets Jenny Suratwala at Joggers Park. Jenny is a young and vivacious freelance model and event planner. One of his speeches had made an impression on her young mind, and she wishes to learn more about him. They become friends. As their friendship deepens, they discover a new world in each other. Jenny learns from the judge's vast experiences, and the judge uses her perspectives to enter and appreciate the younger generation. Jenny brings an element of need. She is faced with a legal problem around the ownership of her late father's apartment, and the judge helps her fight and win her case. The friendship deepens. The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her. She, too, pines for him when they are apart. Around this time, some of Jenny's younger male colleagues are perturbed by this relationship. It thwarts them from pursuing Jenny, and it is not socially acceptable because of the conspicuous age difference. They resolve to find a way to end it, and settle on stalking the couple and taking pictures of their intimate moments.  On one occasion, Jenny discovers them taking pictures, and she angrily berates them and destroys some of the pictures. Jenny finally admits she is in love with the judge. Meanwhile, the judge is faced with a family problem of his own. His son has been caught having an affair. His daughter exposes the incident and asks the judge, the vanguard of honor, to deliver judgement. The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family. The family honor comes first. Jenny has an upcoming birthday. One of her friends is planning the party. She invites the judge to attend the party and openly profess his love for her. If he truly meant his speeches, then he must act accordingly and express his feelings without fear or remorse. On the day of the party, a strange man shows up at the judge's house. He is Tariq Ahmed, the editor and publisher of a local tabloid. Jenny's jealous colleagues brought the photos to his tabloid, and Tariq intercepted them just in time to avoid publication. It turns out that Tariq owes a debt of gratitude to the judge for having helped him with a difficult case several years ago. He turns the photos over to the judge's daughter. The daughter confronts the judge. This incident also involves the family honor. The judge is compelled to end his relationship with Jenny. Several years later, the judge runs into Jenny at the airport. Jenny is now married and has a child. They greet each other warmly and Jenny introduces him  to her husband. They fondly remember their previous association as the film ends."] ['Verona De Tessant  and Burt Farlander  are in their early thirties and struggling to meet daily needs and build fulfilling lives as an anatomy artist and a salesman of insurance futures, respectively. When they learn they will soon become parents, they are confronted with the challenge of how - and where - to raise a child and build a happy family. Six months into Verona\'s pregnancy, she and Burt visit their only family in the area, Burt\'s parents, Gloria and Jerry , only to find that they have decided to move to Antwerp, Belgium, for two years a month before the baby is due to be born. Frustrated at Burt\'s parents\' selfishness and ill-thinking, he and Verona see this as an opportunity to find somewhere else to raise their family. They first visit Phoenix, Arizona, meeting up with Verona\'s old boss, Lily , her husband, Lowell , and their two children. Burt in particular is disturbed by Lily and Lowell\'s crass and mean-spirited behavior toward one another and their children. Burt and Verona next visit Verona\'s sister, Grace , in Tucson, Arizona. At Verona\'s request, Burt tries to persuade Grace to stay with her boring boyfriend. When Burt takes a call and displays his trademark humor, Grace tells Verona that she is lucky to have him and Verona agrees. While shopping, Grace tries to get Verona to talk about their deceased parents. On their way to Wisconsin, they are told they cannot fly by airline employees who believe Verona is in her eighth month. The couple insists that she is only six months in but ultimately take a train. In Madison, Wisconsin, the couple visits Burt\'s childhood friend and pseudo-cousin, "LN" , a college professor with inherited money and radical views about parenting. Burt and Verona bring a stroller as a gift, greatly angering LN as she and her husband Roderick ([[Josh Hamilton  are a "continuum home." When Roderick\'s condescension and LN\'s backhanded compliments to Verona get to be too much for Burt, he tells them they are horrible people and he and Verona leave but not before letting their kid take a ride in the stroller, which he enjoys. Burt and Verona then visit old college friends in Montreal, Tom ([[Chris Messina  and his wife, Munch Garnett , and their diverse family of adopted children. Verona and Burt are happy to have found a loving family and a nice town and decide to move to Montreal. After dinner they wind up at a bar during "amateur dance night" in which Munch is an active participant. During Munch\'s performance, Tom confesses to Burt that Munch has recently suffered her fifth miscarriage and that they seem unable to have biological children. Verona has also picked up clues over the night and shares a knowing glance with Burt as Munch and Tom embrace. In the morning, Burt receives an emergency call from his brother, Courtney ([[Paul Schneider , in Miami, whose wife has left him. Burt and Verona fly to Miami, where Courtney worries about his young daughter and the potential effects of a divorce on her. Burt tries to comfort Courtney while Verona spends time with his daughter. Burt and Verona spend the night outside on a trampoline, promising to love each other and their daughter and have a happy home. The next day, Verona tells Burt a story about her childhood and her parents. Moved by her memory, they decide to settle in Verona\'s old family home. Realizing it is the place for them, they sit together happily, overlooking the water.'] ['Km. 0 features over a dozen characters, including: * Silvia  - a 35-year-old struggling actress * Pedro ([[Carlos Fuentes  - a young aspiring film director whose sister is a friend of Silvia\'s * Tatiana  - an insecure prostitute * Sergio  - a young businessman * Amor  - a young woman engaged to Mario * Mario  - the bartender at a bar near the Kilometre Zero who dreams of opening a photography shop * Miguel ([[Jesús Cabrero  - a gigolo * Marga  - a bored older wife left in Madrid by her husband during business meetings * Benjamin  - a student and Miguel\'s gay roommate * Bruno -  a gay flamenco dancer * Roma  - Amor\'s sister, who has a crush on Mario * Gerardo  - an established director casting for a musical * Policia  - a police officer * Maximo  - another gay man Pedro arranges to meet Silvia at Kilometre Zero to stay with her in Madrid, but ends up mistaking Tatiana for her. Tatiana was there to meet new client Sergio, who ends up meeting Maximo instead. Maximo was there to meet Bruno, whom he\'d met cruising on the internet. Bruno ends up meeting Benjamin, who\'s had to leave his apartment so that Miguel can meet his client, Marga. Silvia sees Gerard in his car and throws herself in front of it to catch his attention. Meanwhile, Amor walks Mario to work at the bar and goes shopping for a watch for him and for a fitting of her wedding dress. Tatiana takes Pedro to her apartment, which is filthy. She gives him a blow job and, when she realizes he\'s not her client, breaks down crying. Struck by her emotion, he begins framing her as if through a camera\'s viewfinder. To calm herself, Tatiana takes a sleeping pill, and when she awakens, Pedro is cleaning her apartment. He persuades her to believe in her own worth, buying her a new outfit  and convincing her that she can charge 50,000 pesetas instead of 5,000 as she had been. Miguel takes Marga to his apartment for their appointment. Afterwards, she sees a wallet and finds a photograph inside. She has the same photo in her wallet; it\'s the only picture she has of herself and her son, whom she\'d abandoned some 25 years before. Horrified, she leaves and ends up at Mario\'s bar. Benjamin takes Bruno back to the apartment as well. After they spend some time together, Bruno realizes that Benjamin has lied about being his computer date. He plans to leave, but they each confess that they\'ve fallen in love with each other. Benjamin runs to the bar to buy a bottle of champagne. There, Marga sees that it\'s Benjamin\'s wallet that she\'d seen earlier and that Benjamin, not Miguel, is her son. Gerard takes Silvia into the bar to tend to her "injuries" and she works to convince him to cast her in his new musical. She alternately recites from Romeo and Juliet and threatens to make trouble for him because of the "accident." Gerard mocks her for reciting Shakespeare to audition for a musical and threatens her back, physically. As he begins to stalk out, Silvia sings Maybe This Time from Cabaret. Gerard finds her performance revelatory. Maximo and Sergio also end up at the bar, where Maximo teases and flirts outrageously with the sexually repressed Sergio, including fondling his leg under the table. Sergio ends up in the restroom with an erection and, after Maximo gives him a neckrub, he has a spontaneous orgasm. Maximo reassures Sergio that it doesn\'t mean he\'s gay, just horny. Amor gets robbed three times in the same day, including being dragged in the street when a man in a car snatches her purse. She reports the crimes to "Policia" , and as she gets up to leave, he sees that her skirt is badly torn. As he fixes it with a stapler, she notices his watch. He explains that it was a gift from his only girlfriend, who he\'d met when he was twelve and whose name he never learned. Amor tells him that her name was "Amor," that she was that girl. The two have been in love ever since without knowing who the other is. They end up at the bar, where "Policia" tells Mario that he and Amor are going to marry. The newly sophisticated-looking Tatiana enters the bar, but her nerve fails her. As she dashes out, Pedro catches her and again builds her confidence. They re-enter the bar and Maximo, calling himself Sergio\'s "guardian angel," arranges for Sergio to go with Tatiana. Tatiana confides in Pedro that she only asked for 40,000 pesetas instead of 50,000 and says she needs more lessons from him. They agree to live together for the three months he\'ll be in Madrid. Tatiana and Sergio prepare to leave; Sergio wants to say goodbye to Maximo, but Maximo has vanished. He appears sitting on a roof ledge overlooking Benjamin and Bruno as Bruno dances for Benjamin, suggesting that Maximo is their "guardian angel" as well. Miguel finds Marga at the bar and, relieved that she hasn\'t committed incest, Marga arranges to spend a week or longer with him. Marga also gives Mario the 2,000,000 pesetas that he needs to open his photo store. Mario discovers the birthday present, a watch, that Roma slipped into his pocket several hours earlier. He kisses her, somewhat hesitantly, and she tells him that she\'ll wait for him.'] ['Salsa dancing and \'El Corazon\', a London Salsa Club provide the backdrop for the love-inspired efforts of three unlikely romantics: Fergus , who arrives in London from his native Liverpool, on a search for Maureen  Docherty , the high-school sweetheart he jilted years ago. Eddie , the incompetent mugger who falls for Jocelyn , the neurotic "absentee grave tender" . Frankie , a hopeless romantic trapped in the fifties and still sharing a house with his ex. He pursues the elegant and snobbish Eleanor , art restorer by day and Salsa dancer by night. All are connected by Jimmy , a cab driver, and a place, \'El Corazon\'.'] ['A common factory worker named Nora has always dreamed of becoming a princess. When she learns about an upcoming "Memburu Impian" competition, she submits her name as an applicant. She is overjoyed when she is picked as the winner, in which she will be given an all-expense-paid experience as Princess for one week, during which her exploits will be filmed for the "Puteri Impian" television show. Nora revels in the experience, where she is given a thorough makeover and lives luxuriantly in the Istana Hotel . The only shortcoming of the experience is her cameraman, Zulkifli, who immediately antagonizes her and mocks her for her wide-eyed naivety. However, Zulkifli\'s warning comes true when, during an event that Nora officiates as a princess, she is jeered at by onlookers who point out that she is nothing more than a dressed up nobody. Matters become complicated when Nora crosses paths with Tengku Faizal, who is a real prince. Tengku Faizal is enchanted by Nora\'s simple ways and sweet demeanor, and the two start dating. Zulkifli reacts to this jealously, to which Nora responds by using Tengku Faizal to keep Zulkifli at bay. When Tengku Faizal\'s parents learn that the prince is considering proposing to Nora, the Queen confronts Nora directly to let her know their disapproval. The film ends with Nora, wiser from the experience, rejecting Tengku Faizal\'s proposal and returning to her simple life as a factory worker after the show ends. Zulkifli approves of her decision, but does not approach her.'] ["Randy Jensen is a smart, independent tour guide who beats womanizer Jack Jericho at his own game. After a quick fling, her indifference only causes him to become smitten with her. Randy is too busy for romance, trying to keep her alcoholic gambler father, Flash Jensen, out of harm's way. Jack's persistence soon pays off when he offers to help rescue Randy's dad from the mob."] ['Greg Nolan  is a newspaper photographer who lives a lavish and carefree life--that is, until he encounters an estranged, lovelorn woman named Bernice  on the beach near her beach front home. She assumes different names and personalities whenever the mood hits her . After having her dog, Albert, a Great Dane , chase Greg into the water when he insults her after not feeling anything towards her after they kissed; she invites him to stay at her home and later manages to make him lose his job and apartment after drugging him, which left him in a deep sleep for days. However, Bernice manages to find Greg another home, and he wants to pay her back. So he gets two full-time photographer jobs: one for a Playboy-like magazine company owned by Mike Lansdown , and the other for a very conservative advertising firm co-owned  by Mr. Penlow . The two jobs are in the same building, forcing Greg to run from one job to the other without being detected. Greg now has to manage balancing the two conflicting jobs along with dealing with Bernice and her eccentric ways.'] ['Dyan Cannon plays Madie Levrington, a wealthy woman who is also neurotic. She was committed to a New York mental institution by her husband, Benjamin, in order to keep her from divorcing him and taking his money. She manages to escape and, in the process, hitches a ride on a livestock truck. The truck is driven by Charles Callahan, played by Robert Blake. Before realizing she is on his truck, he hears over his CB radio about her escape and a substantial reward for her return. This gets his attention as he is so in debt that he has a repo man after him to repossess his truck. Behind her back, he meets up with people who are out to get Madie, and gets part of the reward money from the woman who leads them. At the same time, he is also slowly falling in love with her. He even teaches her to drive the truck . Eventually she finds the money he was given and she wonders how he got it. He then reluctantly explains how, trying to explain that he took it unwillingly. She doesn\'t believe him and ends up getting in the truck and driving off without him. He winds up hitching a ride on the back of a motorcycle with an older man. When they finally find the truck, he is forced to get off the bike and jump onto the back of the truck while both are still moving, thus putting him in her shoes at the beginning. She drives the truck all the way back home to her husband, who is having a party in the backyard. Despite his pleas for her to stop the truck and that "everything will be just fine", in probably the most memorable scene in the film, she proceeds to wreak havoc on the party by running over everything in its way, then putting the icing on the cake by putting the hammer down and ramming the truck through the house until it won\'t go any further. After getting out of the truck, Benjamin tries to choke her to death, but Callahan jumps out of the trailer and floors him to the canvas. Then she fingers him out as the driver of the truck, and she and Callahan get away, but not before running one more time into the repo man, where he simply concedes the truck to him.'] ['The story is about Phileine  and her actor boyfriend Max . He goes to New York to improve his acting skills. Later on, without Max knowing it, Phileine also travels to New York, and discovers that he has been rehearsing for a "pornographic" version of Shakespeare\'s Romeo and Juliet.'] ['The story, which takes place in San Francisco, centers on four identical plaid overnight bags and the people who own them. *One of the bags belongs to Howard Bannister, Ph.D. , and is filled with igneous "tambula" rocks that have certain musical properties. Bannister, a musicologist from the Iowa Conservatory of Music, and his tightly-wound, overbearing fiancée, Eunice Burns , have come to San Francisco to obtain a grant offered by Frederick Larrabee . Howard has a theory that ancient man may have used rocks to create music. Howard\'s rival for the grant is the ethically-challenged, dubiously-accented Hugh Simon , who apparently is from Yugoslavia  but seems to be doing work in Western Europe. *The second bag belongs to Judy Maxwell , and is filled with her clothes and a large dictionary. No matter where Judy goes, trouble happens, from car crashes to spontaneous combustion of hotel rooms. She never finished college, but nevertheless has amassed a considerable amount of knowledge from all of the courses she took at the many institutions of higher learning from which she was expelled. *The third bag belongs to Mrs. Van Hoskins , a rich woman who is using it to store her valuable jewels. *The fourth and last overnight bag belongs to the mysterious "Mr. Smith" ([[Michael Murphy  and contains top-secret government papers. There is at least some indication that he has them illegally and wishes to make them public. The equally mysterious "Mr. Jones" ([[Philip Roth  identifies himself as a being from the government, and is on a mission to recover the documents. Howard, Eunice, Mrs. Van Hoskins, and Mr. Smith all happen to check into the Hotel Bristol at the same time, whereupon Judy lodges herself there without paying and begins pursuing Howard . Two hotel employees  attempt to steal the jewels belonging to Mrs. Van Hoskins, while Mr. Jones attempts to get the bag belonging to Mr. Smith. Over the course of the evening, the bags get switched haphazardly from room to room as the four parties unwittingly take one another\'s suitcases. Howard ends up with the jewels, Judy with the documents, Mr. Smith with the clothes, and the thieves end up with the rocks. Few people ever actually open the bags to confirm that what they think they have is what they actually possess. Meanwhile, Judy manages to secure the grant for Howard while masquerading as Eunice, and then accidentally destroys his hotel room. The following day, everyone makes their way to Mr. Larrabee\'s home where a shooting occurs. Howard and Judy take all the bags and are chased through San Francisco by the thieves, Mr. Smith, Mr. Jones, Eunice, Simon, Larabee and a few roped-in bystanders. They go through Chinatown, down Lombard Street, and eventually into San Francisco Bay. All the protagonists finally end up in court, under the gavel of a world-weary and curmudgeonly judge  who, improbably, turns out to be Judy\'s father, who at the shock of seeing his daughter being involved in this scandal, suffers a heart attack, which causes the judge\'s bench to collapse. In the end, everything is cleared up, Howard gets his rocks back, Mrs. Van Hoskins pays the considerable damages in Howard\'s name with the reward money he would have received for the return of her jewels, the hotel thieves are forced to flee the country and the papers are put back in the hands of the government. Judy exposes Simon as a fraud and plagiarist , Eunice leaves Howard for Larrabee and Judy announces she is taking one more pass at college &mdash; studying Music History at the Iowa Conservatory of Music. The film ends on a suitably romantic  note as Howard and Judy share an airborne kiss while their in-flight movie shows the Bugs Bunny cartoon that gave the film its name.'] ['Molly de Mora  invites her divorced parents  to her wedding reception, where they see each other for the first time in 14 years. A shouting match between the two ensues. Following this, their spark is rekindled during the wedding reception. Over the next few days they fall in love again and run off together, thereby upsetting the newlyweds\' honeymoon and their respective  spouses. If the scandal was made public it would be more controversial than usual, since the bride\'s husband hopes to stand for election to Congress. After searching for her parents and getting to know Joey Donna , her mother\'s number one paparazzi nicknamed "The Cockroach", whom she hires to help her find them, Molly decides that her parents deserve a chance to be together and gives them her honeymoon to Hawaii. When Keith objects to her decision, it is revealed that he slept with her stepmother. Knowing now that her marriage was a mistake, Molly runs off with Joey as her parents run off to Hawaii.'] ['The film opens with a montage of images of Manhattan accompanied by George Gershwin\'s Rhapsody in Blue. Isaac Davis  is introduced as a man writing a book about his love for New York City. He is a twice-divorced, 42-year-old television writer dealing with the women in his life who gives up his unfulfilling job as a comedy writer. He is dating Tracy , a 17-year-old girl attending the Dalton School. His best friend, Yale ([[Michael Murphy , married to Emily , is having an affair with Mary Wilkie ; her ex-husband and former teacher, Jeremiah , also appears. Isaac\'s ex-wife Jill  is writing a confessional book about their marriage. Jill has also since come out of the closet as a lesbian and lives with her female partner Connie . When Isaac meets Mary, her cultural snobbery rubs him the wrong way. Isaac runs into her again at an Equal Rights Amendment fund-raising event at the Museum of Modern Art and accompanies her on a cab ride home. They chat until sunrise in a sequence that culminates in the iconic shot of the Queensboro Bridge. In spite of a growing attraction to Mary, Isaac continues his relationship with Tracy. But he emphasizes that theirs can\'t be a serious relationship and encourages the girl to go to London to study acting. In another iconic scene, at Tracy\'s request, they go on a carriage ride through Central Park. After Yale breaks up with Mary, he suggests Isaac ask her out. Isaac does, always having felt that Tracy was too young for him. Isaac breaks up with Tracy, much to her dismay, and before long Mary has virtually moved into his apartment. Emily is curious about Isaac\'s new girlfriend, and after several meetings between the two couples, including one where Emily reads out portions of Jill\'s new book about her marriage with Isaac, Yale leaves Emily to resume his relationship with Mary. A betrayed Isaac confronts Yale at the college where he teaches, and Yale argues that he found Mary first. Isaac responds by discussing Yale\'s extramarital affairs with Emily, but she thinks Isaac introduced Mary to Yale. In the denouement, Isaac lies on his sofa, musing into a tape recorder about the things that make "life worth living"—the final item, after which he sets down the microphone, is "Tracy\'s face." He leaves his apartment and sets out on foot for Tracy\'s. He arrives at the lobby of her family\'s apartment just as she is leaving for London. He says that she doesn\'t have to go and that he doesn\'t want "that special thing" about her to change. She replies that the plans have already been made and reassures him that "Not everybody gets corrupted" before saying "You\'ve got to have faith in people". He gives her a slight smile segueing into final shots of the skyline with some bars of Rhapsody in Blue playing again. An instrumental version of "Embraceable You" plays over the credits.'] ["Darryl Palmer is a baseball player for the Atlanta Braves. He enjoys the fame and fringe benefits of bachelor life until he meets rock singer Debby Huston, falls in love and decides to settle down. Debby isn't ready to put her professional hopes on hold. But from the moment Darryl meets her, his own career takes off. He begins a full assault on baseball's single-season home run record of 61  and considers Debby a good-luck charm, wanting her to be there at his games. Manager Burly DeVito appreciates that Darryl has found a settling influence in his life, but teammates Moose Granger and Manny Alvarado become increasingly aware of how obsessed Darryl is with Debby and how unhappy she has become. She feels smothered by her husband, who interferes with her career ambitions and goes into a jealous funk whenever she goes on the road. The happy couple breaks up, to the detriment of Darryl's game and his pursuit of one of baseball's greatest feats. He begins to fail on a regular basis and the team's playoff chances could be in jeopardy. Burly and his players concoct a plan to have another woman, hidden by shadows, pretend to be Darryl's wife, telling him everything he wants to hear. It works temporarily, then backfires. Debby comes back to try to work things out. Darryl does indeed hit his record-breaking home run, but it remains uncertain whether the couple's relationship can ever be what it once was."] ['Mimi Glossop  arrives in England to seek a divorce from her geologist husband Cyril ([[William Austin , whom she hasn\'t seen for several years. Under the guidance of her domineering and much-married aunt Hortense , she consults a bumbling and less-than-competent lawyer Egbert Fitzgerald , who happens to be one of Hortense\'s previous fiancés. He arranges for her to spend a night at a seaside hotel and to be caught in an adulterous relationship, for which purpose he hires a professional co-respondent, Rodolfo Tonetti ([[Erik Rhodes . But Egbert forgets to arrange for private detectives to "catch" the couple. By coincidence, Guy Holden  an American dancer and friend of Egbert\'s, who briefly met Mimi on her arrival in England, and who is now besotted with her, also arrives at the hotel, only to be mistaken by Mimi for the co-respondent she has been waiting for. While they are in Mimi\'s bedroom, Tonetti arrives, revealing the truth, and holds them "prisoner" to suit the plan. They contrive to escape and dance the night away. In the morning, after several mistakes with the waiter, Cyril Glossop ([[William Austin  arrives at the door, so Guy hides in the next room, while Mimi and Tonetti give a show of being lovers. When Cyril doesn\'t believe them, Guy comes out and embraces Mimi in an attempt to convince him that he is her lover, but to no avail. It is an unwitting waiter  who finally clears the whole thing up by revealing that Cyril himself is an adulterer, thus clearing the way for Mimi to get a divorce and marry Guy.'] ['Corporal Paul Hodges, after a long period in an isolated Arctic base, wins a lottery and gets to Paris, France, on a three weeks leave. There he will be under psychiatrist leutenent Vicky Loren control.'] ["NATO Officer Andrea Rossi-Colombotti  is a ladies man with an unusual libido: he can only seduce women in situations where his life is in danger. The film begins with him breaking into a Corsican girlfriends house; the girl, armed and voluptuous, believes Andrea a criminal and nearly shoots him before being seduced, but she later ends their relationship in the light of such an incident. Later, while spending an afternoon with an Asian air stewardess, he tries to achieve arousal by making up a situation about a dying relative, but the stewardess learns the sham and the liaison ends disastrously. Having had enough of his condition and the continuing problems it brings him, Andrea goes to a psychiatrist and pours out everything. He developed his problem in adulthood, but all his life he has flirted with woman and suffered from the consequences. The psychiatrist, while slightly unhinged due to long association with the deranged, sensibly recommends that Andrea try to seek out spiritual qualities in women rather than their physical attributes, and to attempt to connect with them emotionally. Andrea heads off to Switzerland, where he meets an Alpine girl. Following the doctors advice, he doesn't seduce her but charms her and takes her out on romantic dates. Things go well between them and Andrea, attracted by the girls sweetness, proposes marriage. Unfortunately, the night before their wedding, the couple visit a circus, where a beautiful lion tamer challenges anyone to kiss her in the middle of a group of lions. Andrea can't refuse such an offer, and gives the lion tamer the kiss of her life, bringing an effective close to his Swiss romance. Andrea next entangles with an American woman, the wife of a major who happens to be his superior. This potentially dangerous and passionate affair is blown quickly, and Andrea gets posted to Sicily, where he encounters a Sicilian girl from a fierce-tempered honorable family. The girls family accuses her of not being pure, and Andrea poses as a doctor in order to check on her, but in fact takes advantage of the dangerous opportunity to seduce her. The family catches him in the act and chase after him, and with much difficulty he escapes. Andrea now takes the only alternative he knows: he returns to his Italian hometown and to Gigliola, his first ever sweetheart, who still resides there. He had left Gigliola when he joined the army, and as a result she was heartbroken and lovelorn; however, she still loves him, and he hopes that her love will aid him in overcoming his problem. When she hears about Andreas condition and his attempts to cure it, she pledges to give herself to him if it will make him stop with other women. Andrea, however, cannot bear to seduce a woman he truly loves and instead spends the night with a pedicure who is reputed to bring ill fortune to her men. Andrea's next woman is a countess, whose husband is much older than she is and moreover suffers from deafness. She lures him into a plot to murder her husband: they will seat him under a heavy and delicately balanced stone ball atop a wall. At the slightest shock, the ball will fall on top of him. Aroused by such a dangerous venture, he consents . The count's deafness, however, is a sham, and having heard the plan, he tries to turn it upon Andrea: he adjusts the ball to become even more unsteady, and convinces Andrea to take his seat. But the seat itself breaks under Andrea's weight and while the count sets up a new one, Andrea accidentally slams a door and causes the ball to fall on the count. Andrea is put on trial for his supposed crime, which attracts wide publicity and interest. Practically every woman he has encountered in the course of the film turns up at the court to speak about Andrea; however, Gigliola is the only woman who believes in his innocence and attempts to defend him. The psychiatrist Andrea consulted is called upon, but while giving testimony he completely loses his mind. All Andrea himself can offer the court is an apology from the heart for his condition and the trouble its caused for all concerned. But at the eleventh hour, an autopsy reveals that the count had sound hearing, and since the count, if he could hear, should have taken better care, the crime is considered an accident and Andrea is acquitted. The film ends with Andrea and Gigliola happily married and settled down in a high-rise apartment in Milan. However, Andrea is still living with his condition, and to Gigliola's shock he attempts to break into their eighth-floor bedroom..."] ["Kinki Kwok  is a somewhat scatter-brained office worker at an electronics firm, who is down on her luck with love. Her boyfriend Dan  cheats on her and treats her like a doormat. She is given to fits of pathological cleaning under emotional stress. Her workplace is full of gossip-mongers perpetually looking to shirk work. Andy Lau plays Andy  Cheung, her department manager. A womanizing bachelor who has to fight office politicking at the top, he comes to appreciate Kinki's work ethic and good-naturedness as something of a rarity in the company. After Kinki helped Andy defuse a sticky work situation, Andy offers to help his subordinate in her private love life. He plots with Kinki to get back at Dan, her philandering boyfriend. In the process, the two realize they may harbor romantic feelings for each other. Andy's old flame, Fiona  attempts to intervene, trying to hook Kinki up with young internet billionaire Roger . Although Kinki does not fancy Roger, she realize that Andy is showing fits of unease and jealousy that is pleasing her."] ["In a most unexpected place, love finds its way... But will it survive the journey? Abby  thinks she has everything under control until her best friend Sabina walks out of her own bridal shower weeks before her marriage to Abby's younger brother Samuel. With a cassette tape left behind by Sabina as her only lead, Abby vows to find her best friend and bring her back in time for the wedding. Abby's search takes her to Baguio. There she meets Vince  and his younger brother Marco, a folk singer in a local pub whose voice she heard in Sabina's tape. Vince claims that he recorded the song for his friend Rabbit who was supposed to give it to his girlfriend . Abby persuades Vince to take her to Rabbit in the hope to find Sabina. Marco thinks of an idea to get Vince and Abby together. As Abby and Vince travel together through the mountain provinces, love tries to find its way through their hearts but will it survive the journey?"] ["The film revolves around three characters who work in television news. Jane Craig  is a talented producer who tries to conceal how important it is for her to be found sexually attractive by a handsome man who epitomizes everything about television news that appalls her. Jane's best friend and frequent collaborator, Aaron Altman , is a gifted writer and reporter ambitious for on-camera exposure, who is secretly in love with Jane, and embittered by her rejection of him. Tom Grunick , a local news anchorman who was up until recently a sports anchorman, is likable and telegenic, but denied respect due to his intellectual limitations, of which he is all too aware. He is attracted to Jane, although he is also intimidated by her skills and intensity."] ['Thirteen-year-old Vic  is new at her high school. She makes friends with Pénélope  and together they check out the boys at their school, looking for true love. Vic is frustrated by her parents, who will not allow her to attend the "boum", a big party. Her great-grandmother, Poupette, helps her out, and Vic ends up falling in love with Matthieu . While Vic is busy finding her true love, her parents\' marriage faces a crisis when her father\'s ex-lover demands a last night together.{{cite web}}'] ["Travel agency clerk Tommy Bradford  delivers tickets to wealthy J. Westley Piermont ([[George Barbier  at the lavish wedding of his daughter. Piermont introduces him to model June Evans , but neglects to mention neither one is a guest. June is there to help the daughter with her wedding dress. Both pretend to be rich. Tommy gives June his telephone number, but neither expects anything to come of their momentary attraction to each other. That night, after she tells her family about her adventure, her obnoxious, younger, musician brother Chick  phones Tommy, pretending to be June's servant, and forces his sister to continue the charade. Tommy is pressured to maintain the masquerade as well by his roommate Al , an insurance salesman who dreams of making contacts in New York high society. They begin seeing each other. Their first date is at the Westminster Dog Show, where they run into Piermont again. He has two dogs entered in the competition. Piermont insists his Pomeranian will win, but Tommy champions his other entry, a St. Bernard. Sure of himself, the millionaire promises to give the St. Bernard to Tommy if it wins. It does, and he does. With no place to keep it, Tommy makes a present of it to June. Their second date is at a movie theater where another of June's brothers  works. By this point, June's family is anxious to meet her boyfriend. Her aunt Lucy  is the housekeeper for a wealthy family, so while her employers are away, she borrows their home to host a dinner. Afterward, Tommy tries to confess to June, but she misunderstands and thinks he has found her out instead. Outraged by what she thinks are insults aimed at her family, she breaks up with him. Fortunately, Aunt Lucy recognizes Tommy and sets her niece straight. June shows up at Tommy's workplace and gives him a hard time, pretending to be a potential customer. When she leaves, Tommy sees her get into a delivery van with her employer's name on it. Realizing the truth, he goes to her workplace and returns the favor, forcing her to model dress after dress. In the end though, they decide to restart their relationship afresh."] ["The film revolves around the story of three men, Naren Ahuja , who works in bank as a manager and is currently seeking divorce from his wife, Madhvi , Abhay Suri  is a playboy and works as a gym trainer, and Milind Kelkar  works in a matrimonial company and is in search for true love. Naren leaves his house and starts living in his parents' house. Abhay and Milind are thrown out of their rented apartments and both land up as paying guests for Naren. Hence, the three of them start living together. Naren has a crush on June Pinto , who works as an intern in his bank, Milind starts loving a radio jockey, Gungun Sarkar , and Abhay falls for Anushka Narang , an ex-Ms. India, who married a multi-millionaire and has interests in young men. Naren and June start enjoying each other's company. Milind tries to impress Gungun, which annoys her, but she instead uses Milind for her own reasons. Abhay gets full attention from Anushka and they start having an affair. The three love stories blossom until Nikki Narang , the stepdaughter of Anushka, enters the story. Abhay falls for Nikki and starts ignoring Anushka. He breaks up with Anushka and starts going out with Nikki. June's grandma invites Naren for dinner, and Gungun eventually falls in love with Milind. The next day, everything changes. Milind gets upset after getting a letter from Gungun that she's going to Chennai for a movie, Nikki breaks up with Abhay, and June's grandma invites Naren to get his opinion on June marrying Chris, her boyfriend. At the airport, the three friends decide to go to Goa for a change and vow never to fall for girls anymore. However, once in Goa, they find three new girls....."] ["Raymond Ding, a middle-aged Chinese American college professor, and Aurora Crane, his younger Hapa  girlfriend, have just split, but continue to drift in and out of each other's lives. Unable to fully let go, Raymond visits the apartment they once shared, during the day while Aurora is away. Aurora is haunted by flashbacks of moments from their relationship. Encouraged by their best friends to move on, Raymond and Aurora each begin new relationships. Aurora dates Steve, a Caucasian man closer to her age . Raymond dates Betty, a Vietnamese American colleague, whom he soon discovers is haunted by her own past. Race and identity issues begin to surface as Raymond and Aurora try to start new lives, but remain drawn to their past."] ['The structure of the film consists of several subplots which all revolve around an intertwined cast of characters. The film begins by introducing Richard ([[John Hawkes , a shoe salesman and recently separated father of two. After being thrown out by his wife Pam , he gets an apartment of his own to share with his children, Peter  and Robby . He meets Christine <>((", an emoticon that means "pooping back and forth, forever." This piques the interest of the woman at the other end and she suggests a real-life meeting. Two of Richard\'s teenaged neighbors, Heather  and Rebecca , develop a playful relationship with a much older neighbor Andrew  who works in the shoe store with Richard. He does not say much, but he keeps leaving signs on his window about what he would do to each of them. As a result of this relationship, Heather and Rebecca ask Peter if they can practice oral sex on him, so that he can tell them which of the two does it better; so they do. He says both were exactly the same. The daughter of a neighbor peeks in the window, sees what is happening, and quickly leaves. Heather and Rebecca later come to the neighbor\'s house intending to have sex with him as practice, but he appears afraid when he sees them through his window and he pretends not to be home. Meanwhile, Christine\'s work is rejected by a contemporary art museum, but then later accepted by the curator, who turns out to be the woman who was instant messaging with the brothers. The plots come together in the end, with Peter developing a friendship with the daughter of a neighbor, having been introduced to the hope chest that she has, Christine and Richard displaying a show of mutual acceptance of their attraction to each other, and, as a final plot device, Robby finding that the noise he had awoken to early every morning was that of an early-rising businessman tapping a quarter on a street sign pole. When asked why he is doing it, he stops and turns around, saying "just passing the time", and gives Robby the quarter. When his bus drives away and Robby tries it out himself, the sun heightens with each tap, time literally passing as he does it.'] ["Arun  and Parvathi  give an interview about their love story. But they fight even before the interview gets over. Then the movie rewinds 5 months earlier. Arun meets Parvathi in a college canteen. Soon they become friends. Parvathi's mother, Saroja breaks up with her husband Akilan. Parvathi lives with her mother. As time progresses, they break up but the reason is not revealed. Arun's friend Vignesh tries to propose his junior Rashmi. But Rashmi address's Vignesh as brother and she introduce her lover who is Vignesh's senior. Arun tries to recover from the break-up. Arun's friend calls him to a trip to Pondicherry to see his friend John.Cathy starts friendly chat with Arun. Cathy wishes to help Arun and asks him why they broke up. Arun says that he doesn't have any reason and that is his problem. Since Cathy becomes friendly with Arun, Misunderstanding crops up between Cathy and John. Meanwhile Akilan approaches Prabhu for divorce. Prabhu who is Arun's father advice Akilan to reunite with Saroja after knowing that Akilan is Parvathi's Father. Akilan and Saroja unite in Parvathi's grandparents 60th marriage. Consequently, John realize that Arun and Cathy are just being friendly and he reunites with cathy. While Rashmi realize that his lover  is a playboy, she realizes this and tells this to Vignesh and accepts his true love. At last, Parvathi and Arun reunite after a silly quarrel in the same canteen that they met earlier."] ["Two pairs of lovers play out a comedy of errors, in which Maggie  and Sam , an astronomer, try several unethical and nasty tricks to break apart the envied union of their respective former partners, Anton  and Linda . Good-natured astronomer Sam is devastated when the love of his life, Linda, leaves him for a suave Frenchman named Anton. He therefore does what every other normal dumpee would do: he goes to New York and sets up house in the abandoned building opposite his ex-girlfriend's apartment, intent on winning her back and waiting until she decides to leave her current lover. What Sam does not count on is being joined several weeks later by ultra hip tomboy Maggie, a photographer and motorcyclist, who is determined to get revenge on Anton, her ex-fiance. Mutually hostile at first, the two of them eventually join forces in an attempt to separate the couple and ruin Anton's life. However, complications ensue when Sam and Maggie start falling for each other.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0118556/plotsummary"] ['Nick Twisp , a shy, socially inept teenager, lives with his mom, Estelle , and her boyfriend, Jerry , in Oakland, California. When Jerry owes money to a group of sailors, he takes Estelle and Nick to a trailer park in Clearlake. Nick meets Sheeni Saunders  and despite Sheeni\'s boyfriend, Trent Preston , they become romantically involved. Nick purchases a dog for Sheeni named Albert , but the dog rips up the family bible and Sheeni\'s parents  ban it from the house. Jerry needs to return to Oakland and takes Estelle and Nick with him. Sheeni promises to arrange a job in Ukiah for Nick\'s father, George, while Nick will get his mother to kick him out so he can return to Sheeni. Back at home, Nick creates an alter-ego named François Dillinger, a suave, rebellious troublemaker. Immediately after Nick makes the decision, Jerry dies of a heart attack. Under François\' influence, Nick mouths off to his mom and her new boyfriend, police officer Lance Wescott . Nick takes Jerry\'s Lincoln, crashes into a restaurant, which starts a fire. Lance agrees to lie and report the car stolen. In return, Nick must live with his father . In Ukiah, Nick phones Sheeni and tells her he had to blow up "half of Berkeley" to return. Sheeni\'s parents overhear and send her to a French boarding school in Santa Cruz, forbidding Nick ever to see her again. In his new high school, Nick befriends Vijay Joshi , and they take Vijay\'s grandmother\'s car to visit Sheeni. After being allowed into Sheeni\'s room, Nick goes to the restroom and meets Bernice Lynch , Sheeni\'s neighbor. Nick claims Trent said terrible things about her. Bernice brings the matron to Sheeni\'s room and the boys flee. On the way home, the car dies and Nick calls Mr. Ferguson , his dad\'s idealist neighbor, to come pick them up; he tells Ferguson that Vijay is an illegal immigrant whom Nick is trying to "free from persecution". When he returns home, Nick meets Sheeni\'s older brother, Paul , who tells him that she will be returning home on Thanksgiving and invites him for dinner. Nick begins to send Bernice letters asking her to slip sedatives into Sheeni\'s drinks to make her fall asleep in class, thereby getting Sheeni expelled. Nick finds Lacey , George\'s 25-year-old girlfriend, Paul, and Ferguson, lounging in the living room of his house, high on mushrooms, which Nick also ingests. George finds them and punches Ferguson, which results in Paul punching George. Lacey leaves the house to live with Paul. On Thanksgiving Day, Nick receives a call from his mother explaining Lance left and will not cover for Nick anymore. Nick goes to Thanksgiving at Sheeni\'s. Trent unexpectedly arrives and explains Nick\'s letters to Bernice; Sheeni is horrified and Nick leaves. Nick steals his father\'s car to escape the police. He then removes his clothes and drives the car into a shallow lake in front of the police station. He buys a wig and a dress and impersonates one of Sheeni\'s "friends". He fools Mr. and Mrs. Saunders and goes up to Sheeni\'s room. He tells Sheeni he is aware of what her life in Ukiah is like as he has been alone his whole life, and he did everything so the two wouldn\'t have to be alone anymore. They make love, finally achieving Nick\'s dream of losing his virginity. Trent barges in, telling Nick he\'s brought the police with him. Nick beats Trent up and asks Sheeni to wait for him; Sheeni reassures him that he will only be in juvenile detention for three months. The animated closing credits show Nick in jail with François helping him. When Nick is released, Sheeni shows up in a car and they drive away into the sky towards the Paris skyline, as various characters appear to make amends with the two and give them their blessing.'] ['Felicity Robinson, a sheltered teen surrenders her blossoming body to a world of bold sexual adventure, from the forbidden pleasures at an all-girl school in the countryside to wanton hungers in the exotic underground of Hong Kong. She starts off having lesbian experiences at a Catholic ladies college then travels to Hong Kong. She meets and falls in love with Miles, but has other sexual adventures too.'] ['San Francisco debutante Jessica Poole hasn\'t seen her father "Pogo" Poole since the divorce between him and her mother Katharine, many years before. Pogo went off to travel the world and enjoy himself, while Katharine remarried to stodgy banker Jim Dougherty. Now Jessica is about to marry Roger Henderson, a cattle rancher from the Napa Valley, and Pogo has been invited to the wedding. Pogo arrives, as charming as he ever was. He is delighted by Jessica, and captivates her in return. He makes peace with Katharine, and even wins over Toy, the Doughertys\' prized cook, though not Jim and Roger. But Pogo is still as irresponsible as before. He invites Jessica to come away with him and "see the world". He even tries to break up her engagement, to Katharine\'s dismay. He also seems to be coming between Jim and Katharine, who has never quite got over her love for him. Despite Pogo\'s maneuvers, the wedding goes through. But Pogo has reserved two airline tickets: who\'s going with him? Katharine, fearing that Pogo has won over Jessica after all, rushes to the airport. Jim, seeing Katharine leave the reception, fears she is leaving him for Pogo, and goes after her. They meet at the airport, and see Pogo boarding a plane - with Toy.'] ['{{plot}} The film tells the story of Fanny Price, whose mother, Mrs Price, married a relatively poor man for love and whose father cannot afford to support his large family. At the age of 10, Fanny is summoned to live with her wealthy relatives, the Bertram family (Sir Thomas, Lady Bertram  and their four children: Tom, Maria Bertram, Edmund and Julia; and Fanny\'s other maternal aunt, Mrs Norris, at Mansfield Park. Fanny\'s arrival is less than welcoming and it is made clear that she is to be treated differently from her cousins. Mrs. Norris treats her more like a servant than a relative. As the separation from her own family begins to overwhelm her, and she is told that she is expected to stay at Mansfield forever, Fanny is distressed. Her young cousin Edmund Bertram behaves kindly to her, and the two develop a friendship that grows as the years progress. When Fanny is eighteen, her uncle, Sir Thomas, travels to Antigua to deal with some problems there concerning his slaves. The Abolitionists are making inroads into freeing slaves, and the Bertram family is feeling the financial effects. Sir Thomas departs, taking the eldest son, Tom, with him. In Sir Thomas\' absence, the Bertram family life is disrupted by the arrival of Henry and Mary Crawford, relatives of the local clergyman. Mary and Henry are worldly, cynical and beautiful&nbsp;– and are looking for amusement. Edmund is instantly smitten with Mary, and devotes his time and attention to her, ignoring and hurting Fanny. Maria and Julia Bertram both vie for Henry Crawford\'s affections, even though Maria is already engaged to the rich but stupid Mr. Rushworth. Mr. Crawford is shamelessly flirtatious with Maria. Tom returns from Antigua, arriving drunk and bringing a friend, Mr. Yates, with him. Yates and Tom convince the Bertrams and Crawfords to stage a risque play, Lovers\' Vows. The play is a pretext that allows the young people to openly flirt with each other. Edmund is initially vocally against the play, but soon changes his mind when he is offered a part that allows him to act out love scenes with Mary Crawford. Just as things seem to be getting out of control, with Maria openly flirting with Henry Crawford in front of her bumbling fiance Rushworth, Sir Thomas arrives home. He is furious and immediately stops the play. Maria rushes into a marriage with Mr Rushworth&nbsp;– whom she does not love or respect, but whose money and house in London she wants&nbsp;– and leaves for Brighton, taking Julia with her. Henry Crawford, deprived of Maria, decides to pursue Fanny as a means to amuse himself. However, Fanny\'s gentle and kind nature captures his fancy, and Mr. Crawford finds himself emotionally attached to her. After his behaviour towards the Bertram girls, Fanny is disgusted by and distrusts Henry and does not believe his declarations of love. Even so, Henry asks Sir Thomas for Fanny\'s hand in marriage and she is urged to accept the advantageous offer. Fanny surprises and disappoints the Bertrams when she refuses. Angry and perplexed at her refusal, Sir Thomas gives Fanny an ultimatum&nbsp;– accept Henry\'s proposal of marriage or be sent back to her relatively poor family and experience the difference in comfort. Fanny looks to Edmund for support, but his indifference forces her to choose the latter. At home, she is reunited with her younger sister Susie, with whom she had been corresponding since she arrived at Mansfield. Several days after her return, Henry Crawford pays a visit, trying to convince Fanny that his affections for her are genuine and his intentions true. Although she looks more favorably on him, Fanny continues to cling to her feelings for Edmund and still rejects Crawford. Only when a letter from Edmund arrives which discloses his hopes of marrying Mary Crawford&nbsp;– he writes that Mary is the only woman he can see as his wife&nbsp;– does Fanny seriously consider Henry Crawford\'s offer. Finally, she concedes and accepts his proposal. However, Fanny realizes she does not trust Crawford, and takes back her acceptance the next day. Henry is furious and storms away. The next day, Edmund arrives to fetch Fanny and take her back to Mansfield to help tend to Tom, who has fallen ill and is near death. On the carriage ride, Edmund confesses he has missed Fanny, and she him, but Edmund hesitates to elaborate further because of his attachment to Mary Crawford. After her return to Mansfield Park, both the Crawfords and the Bertram sisters arrive. The now-married Maria rebukes Henry for trifling with her affections and then pursuing Fanny. Henry gains her pity when Maria learns of Fanny\'s decision not to marry him and together they succumb to their lust. Their indiscretion is discovered by Fanny when she accidentally walks in on them, and she runs to Edmund. But Fanny\'s inability to tell him of the affair leads Edmund to investigate for himself and witness his sister\'s adultery. Edmund returns to comfort Fanny and, caught up in the moment, nearly kisses her, but he remembers himself and pulls away. News of the scandal spreads rapidly and Mary Crawford quickly devises a plan to stifle the repercussions. Miss Crawford suggests that after Maria\'s divorce, Maria would marry Henry and Edmund would marry Mary and together they might re-introduce Henry and Maria back into society. Fanny questions Mary as to how a clergyman could afford lavish parties, Mary shocks everyone by stating that when Tom dies, Edmund will be heir to the family\'s fortune. Mary lays blame on Fanny, reasoning that had she married Henry, he would not have been tempted by Maria. Edmund is appalled and tells Mary that cheerfully condemning Tom to death whilst she plans to spend his money sends a chill to his heart. Having betrayed her true nature to the Bertram family, Mary, shamed, leaves the room. Edmund ultimately declares his love for Fanny, and they eventually marry. Sir Thomas gives up his plantation in Antigua and invests instead in tobacco. Tom recovers from his illness while Julia receives a love letter from Tom\'s friend, Mr. Yates. Fanny also mentions that her sister Susie had joined them at the Bertram household whilst Maria, whom Henry refused to marry, and crabby Mrs. Norris were forced to keep each other company by taking up residence in a small cottage removed from Mansfield Park. And as for the Crawford siblings, they have each found themselves "respectable" partners who agree with their particular lifestyle.'] ['Darren Roanoke, the star player of the Toronto Maple Leafs, is suffering from stress because his wife, Prudence, has left him for Jacques "Le Coq" Grandé, who is the goaltender of rival team Los Angeles Kings, his nickname apparently a nod to being exceedingly well-endowed. Roanoke\'s stress causes his hand to shake, which affects his hockey performance, so team owner Jane Bullard enlists the support of guru Maurice Pitka to help Darren with his stress so that the team can hopefully break their losing streak.'] ['After seven years, lawyer Nick Arden  has his wife Ellen , missing since her ship was lost, declared legally dead so he can marry Bianca . It turns out however that Ellen was merely shipwrecked on a deserted island, and has been rescued. When she returns home, she learns that Nick has just left on his honeymoon with his second wife. When Ellen tracks him down before his honeymoon night, he is at a loss as to how to break the news to Bianca. He keeps putting off the unpleasant business. Meanwhile, Bianca becomes frustrated by Nick\'s odd behavior  and calls in a psychiatrist, Dr. Kohlmar ([[Pedro de Cordoba . Further complications ensue when an insurance adjuster  mentions to Nick a rumor that Ellen was not alone on the island, but had the company of a Stephen Burkett  and that they called each other "Adam" and "Eve". When Nick confronts Ellen, she recruits a mousy shoe salesman  to pretend to be Stephen, but Nick has already tracked the real, appallingly virile and handsome Stephen down. Nick tries to explain the situation to Bianca and Dr. Kohlmar, but they do not believe him ... until he is arrested on a charge of bigamy. In court, Judge Bryson , the same judge who had Ellen declared legally dead and also married Nick and Bianca, annuls the second marriage. By this time, Ellen is no longer sure of Nick\'s feelings for her. Stephen asks her to marry him and return with him to the island, but she still loves Nick. In the end, Nick and Ellen are reconciled.'] ["Jeremy , a British book editor, is an aspiring writer seeking a new lease on life. He is sent by his employer to Tuscany to elicit a new book from dried-up  exiled author Weldon Parrish . Jeremy is totally captivated by Weldon's daughter Isabella . Only later, after many difficulties, Jeremy approximates the actual Weldon who becomes his mentor. They spend a bunch of time by walking around the country-side while exchanging the life experiences and thoughts. Together they socialize with the local people on various occasions and Jeremy befriends with a few of them. One festive night, he shares an intimate moment with Isabella. At the end, mutual honesty of both men celebrates the success. Weldon finds an inspiration and once again is able to write. Jeremy is going to return back but decides for a major change of his life based on his love interest."] ["Peter  is infatuated with his childhood friend and next-door neighbor Erica . Based on advice from his grandfather, Peter decides to camp on Erica's lawn until she realizes that she loves him. During his summer-long wait, he frequently comments on their neighborhood."] ['The story revolves around a college student Michael  who goes to Quebec City, Canada for Christmas at the request of his college girlfriend Gabriella , after months of her stonewalling him after she left college in mid-semester. Michael starts the vacation full of hope and youthful enthusiasm because she has invited him to stay with her family. He arrives and is left waiting at the airport for hours. Gabriella  eventually arrives to pick him up and explains that sometimes they just don\'t answer their phone. He brushes off his frustration because he\'s happy to see her. When Michael arrives at the house and meets Gabi\'s family, he finds them rather eccentric. Her father  is wearing only a towel, but will spend much of the rest of the film in the buff. Near the end of the film he explains he is writing a treatise on the philosopher Blaise Pascal and that he cannot write with clothes on. The mother  is fiercely religious and a very strong yet quiet woman. A Catholic priest named Father Walter  is also present, apparently a close--even uncomfortably close--friend of the family. Michael also meets Gabi\'s two energetic, beautiful, coquettish sisters , along with a handsome young handyman named Nick  who is romantically involved with Gabi\'s elder sister Irenka. Although Michael enthusiastically attempts to join in the unusual habits of the family  he quickly learns that fitting in is going to be a challenge. The situation is complicated by the illness of Gabi\'s grandmother, who is the matriarch of the family, and the reason Gabi left school in the first place. Almost immediately, Michael commits the apparently unforgivable gaffe of expressing his condolences to Gabi\'s mother. Things go downhill for Michael from there. As soon as they have time alone, Gabi announces she no longer loves him. His attempts to change her mind seem somewhat successful, but the fickle female spirit continues to thwart him. In the meantime, he is seductively teased first by Gabi\'s coquettish sister Irenka, then by her other sister Simone, and possibly even by her mother, all with the apparent complicity of Gabi. At one point, Gabi appears to have a change of heart toward Michael, but then again decides she doesn’t love him. Gabi\'s grandmother , whom we know only as "Granny," is in a care facility apparently suffering from some form of senile dementia. Upon meeting Michael, she acts as if he is her long dead husband who was also named Michael. In an attempt to find her husband, she escapes from the hospital and goes to the country estate they shared when they were first married. The girls, Nick, and Michael frantically rush to the estate, hoping Granny hasn\'t frozen in the cold of winter. In the course of their searching, Michael gets lost in the woods and falls into a hole, unable to get out. He hears footsteps and finds it is Granny. Apparently, she helps him out and they go back to the house together where Michael lights a fire and gets Granny out of her wet clothes. She then proceeds to talk to him as if he were her husband, and they form an unexpected bond. Granny falls ill on the return trip, and despite Nick\'s valiant attempt to reach a hospital in time, she dies. After the funeral, and a tryst with Gabi\'s sister Irenka, Michael makes a solitary visit her gravesite where he encounters a mysterious young woman and confesses to her that he deeply loved Granny. Later he recognizes the young woman from a photograph as Granny in her youth, and realizes their meeting may have been supernatural. Ultimately, he returns home and we are left to assume he never sees Gabi or her family again, as she has decided not to return to college. But Michael\'s does not seem disappointed in the end of their relationship; instead he is deeply touched by his unexpected spiritual bond with her grandmother.'] ['The film focuses on several months of Molière\'s early life that are unknown to scholars. It begins in 1658, when the French actor and playwright returns to Paris with his theatrical troupe to perform in the theater the king has given him. Most of the film is in the form of a flashback to 1645. Following an unsuccessful run as a tragic actor, Molière is released from debtor\'s prison by Monsieur Jourdain , a wealthy commoner with social pretensions, who agrees to pay the young actor\'s debts if Molière teaches him to act. Jourdain, already a married man with two daughters, hopes to use this talent to ingratiate himself with Célimène , a recently widowed beauty with whom he has become obsessed, by performing a short play he has written for the occasion. Molière, however, who has been presented to the family and staff of Monsieur Jourdain as Tartuffe, a priest who is supposedly to serve as tutor for the Jourdains\' younger daughter, proceeds to fall in love with Jourdain\'s neglected wife, Elmire . Sub-plots involve the love life of the Jourdains\' older daughter, and the intrigues of the penniless and cynical aristocrat Dorante  at the expense of the gullible Jourdain. The story is mostly fictional and overall has the feeling of Shakespeare\'s Comedy of Errors but many scenes follow actual scenes and text in Molière\'s plays , in a manner that implies that these "actual" events in his life inspired the plays of his maturity. This is a recurrent plot device in the film, since Célimène is the main character\'s love interest in Le Misanthrope.'] ['Best friends Dog  and Beaver  have difficulty ever meeting women. No matter what they do, nothing ever goes right for them. That all changes when the best friend Too Cool  invites them to try out a round of speed dating.'] ["Rahul Kapoor ([[Imran Khan  has always been on the road to perfection, as per the wishes of his domineering father  and socialite mother . After suddenly losing his job as an architect in Vegas, he decides to hide the truth from his parents and find another job. Unable to cope with unemployment, he decides to go to a psychologist and runs into another patient, Riana Braganza . A series of events lead Riana to believe that he is sent by her ex-boyfriend to stalk her, and she ends up taking his file by mistake. Riana, who later realizes her mistake, calls him and apologizes for her behavior. They meet up during Christmas Eve and Riana invites Rahul to have a few drinks with her. A few drinks turn into a night of intoxicated debauchery as they end up marrying each other accidentally. Horrified, they both decide to get it annulled as soon as possible. Meanwhile, Riana, who is also unemployed and has not paid her rent, loses her house and an initially hesitant Rahul finally lets her stay with him till her problem gets resolved. During these few days, they get to know each other better. Rahul is revealed to be interested in photography while Riana recounts her ambition to be a ballet dancer, which was destroyed after she experienced an incident in her childhood that broke her ankle. Their friendship develops as Riana gives Rahul a long time break he always wanted. As they grow closer, Rahul develops feelings for Riana, who fails to reciprocate them. As New Year's Eve approaches, Riana plans to visit her family in India, and asks Rahul to accompany her. He disagrees initially, as his parents also live in Mumbai, but later succumbs to her argument. Upon arrival, she introduces him to her family, making his feelings towards her grow. The next day, Riana takes him to visit her school, and amidst reflecting over her past relationships, he unsuccessfully tries to kiss her. Realizing that she does not feel the way he does, he angrily leaves the school, only to almost run into a car revealed to be his mother's. He lies and tells his mother that he is in India for a research trip, and that Riana is a colleague. They proceed to have lunch with Rahul's parents, where he webs a tale of intricate lies to avoid telling his father the truth. He leaves Riana's house and moves in with his parents, trying to tell them the truth, but once again is overpowered by his father. Two days later, during a family dinner, Rahul angrily divulges the complete truth to his in-denial parents and their business partners , after realizing the meaninglessness of his pretence he indulged in showing all these years. As he rushes back to Riana to apologize for his behavior, Riana explains that she is sorry too as she never intended to lead him on. After a night of reflection and deep conversation, both decide to maintain their friendship. The film ends with both returning back to Las Vegas and finalizing their annulment with Rahul getting a new job, while keeping time out for photography. He remains hopeful that one day he will convince Riana to go back to that chapel with him. Both remain good friends, with an ending note from Rahul claiming that he is finally happy with his life, as the credits roll."] ['With the one, big, happy family that she has, any woman would admire Ina Montecillo  as the embodiment of a perfect mother. But after more than 30 years of doing everything for her family, she realizes she has not done anything for herself. Ina then embarks on a journey of finding her self-worth that surprisingly lands her as the President of the Philippines! Ina revolutionizes Philippine politics by running the country not as a serious and an uptight leader but as a hilarious and caring mother. Because of this, she gained the trust and the support of the Filipino people. But just as she starts to become the president that everyone loves, she also changes and becomes the mother that her children hate. In the end, Ina has to make the hardest choice of her life – becoming the mother of the nation or becoming the mother of her own children.http://www.abs-cbnglobalmovies.com/angtangingina'] ['Johnny Case , a self-made man, is about to marry Julia Seton , but then learns that she is rich. He meets her sister Linda , father , and dissolute brother Ned . Johnny discusses his possibilities with his more humble friends, Professor  and Mrs. Potter , as he struggles to decide whether to quit work and whether he should marry the "great woman behind every successful man" Julia, or be with his more free spirited "soul-mate" Linda.'] ['Larger-than-life Broadway impresario Oscar Jaffe takes an unknown lingerie model named Mildred Plotka and makes her the star of his latest play, despite the grave misgivings of everyone else, including his two long-suffering assistants, accountant Oliver Webb and the consistently tipsy Owen O\'Malley. Through intensive training, Oscar transforms his protegée into the actress "Lily Garland", and both she and the play are resounding successes. Over the next three years, their partnership spawns three more smash hits, and Lily is recognized as a transcendent talent. Then Lily tries to break off their professional and personal relationship, fed up with Oscar\'s overpossesiveness and control of every aspect of her life. Oscar talks her out of it, promising to be more trusting and less controlling in the future. Instead, he secretly hires a private detective agency run by McGonigle to watch her every move, even to the point of tapping her telephone. When she finds out, it is the last straw; she leaves for Hollywood and becomes a great movie star. Without Lily, Oscar produces flop after flop. After the latest one, he is forced to disguise himself to board the luxurious Twentieth Century Limited train travelling from Chicago to New York City\'s Grand Central Terminal without being thrown in jail by his creditors. By chance, Lily Garland boards the train at a later stop with her boyfriend George Smith. Oscar sees a chance to restore his fortunes and salvage his relationship with Lily. He schemes to get her to sign a contract with him. However, Lily wants nothing more to do with him. She is on her way to see Oscar\'s rival , Max Jacobs, to star in his play. However, Oscar manages to get George to break up with her. Knowing that Lily offers him one last chance at professional success he tells her of his wish for her to play Mary Magdalene in his new play; "sensual, heartless, but beautiful – running the gamut from the gutter, to glory – can you see it Lily? – the little wanton ending up in tears at the foot of the cross. I\'m going to have Judas strangle himself with her hair." Then Oliver thinks he has found somebody to finance Oscar\'s project, fellow passenger Mathew J. Clark, not realizing that Clark is a harmless escapee from a mental asylum. When Oscar is slightly wounded in a scuffle with Clark, he pretends to be dying and gets a distraught Lily to sign his contract. The film ends with their first rehearsal, where Oscar reverts to his usual domineering self.'] ["Two relationships in North London simultaneously draw to a close. Jed, a journalist has fallen in love with his best friend's former girlfriend - but he lacks the courage to approach her and tell her of his true feelings. He turns for advice to Thierry Grimaldi a French film director who tries to school him in the French philosophy of love."] ['The entire House of Wyndham , the ruling family of the United Kingdom in the film, is electrocuted in a freak accident while posing for a family photograph, after a cable became wet during a storm. The British government immediately begins a search led by courtier Sir Cedric Willingham to look for any surviving heirs to whom to pass the crown. A researcher finally locates a living heir named Ralph Jones, an American. In Las Vegas, Ralph, an easygoing slob, works as a lounge singer/piano player in one of the main casinos. Duncan Phipps and Inspector McGuire watch the performance and applaud with enthusiasm, while Ralph discovers that he has been fired and replaced by a chimpanzee. Ralph meets Phipps and McGuire, who inform him that he is now king, though at first Ralph is skeptical over their claims. Phipps explains that Ralph\'s grandfather, the first Duke of Warren, had had a brief affair with a hotel maid while visiting the States, and this affair produced a child, Ralph\'s father. But since his father and grandfather have died, Ralph is the only surviving Wyndham heir. Ralph is finally convinced when seeing the Duke\'s ring, an exact copy of a ring his grandmother claimed to have been given "by a prince". Ralph is flown to London, where he meets Willingham for the first time and begins the long period of adjustment instruction intended to turn him into a proper British monarch. He is schooled by Willingham in English history and culture and is shown a variety of traditional English dishes, including bangers and mash. When he is shown spotted dick, a traditional English dessert for which he mistakes the bangers, he replies, "Spotted dick? Dick of what?" Ralph also learns the hard way that the British monarch does not just "smile and wave". Shortly after his arrival, Ralph heads for a local strip club, meeting the exotic dancer Miranda Greene. When she is unable to perform and leaves the stage in embarrassment, Ralph decides he wants to meet her. She is skeptical of his claim to be king, but Ralph proposes that if he can prove he is, Miranda will go on at least one date with him. Ralph\'s appearance on a newscast soon proves his claim. Sir Cedric then gives Ralph pointers in cricket, explaining the differences between it and baseball. Ralph hits the ball a long way and pretends to will it fair . He then rounds imaginary bases and when he gets to "home plate" he does an imaginary "Bash Brothers" greeting . Meanwhile, Lord Percival Graves, Prime Minister Geoffrey Hale, and Willingham meet to discuss Ralph\'s selection as King. Graves is opposed to the idea of an American on the throne, and he proposes to declare the Wyndham line at an end and replace it with the House of Stuart, putting himself next in line for the throne. Hale states that Jones has royal blood , and that unless Jones commits a grievous error the country will have to live with him. Graves decides to use Miranda as a way to cause embarrassment to Ralph and provide the excuse needed to remove him from the throne. Being offered money to maneuver Ralph into a compromising position, Miranda initially accepts. She and Ralph continue their relationship, soon beginning to fall in love. Miranda returns the money to Graves, telling him she wants no part of his scheme, not knowing Graves already has pictures of them. In order to protect Ralph, Miranda decides to break off the relationship. Despite Ralph\'s initial reluctance to accept British culture, and his general ineptness in formal affairs, he does manage to make a strong positive impression on King Mulambon of Zambezi during the latter\'s state visit. The two monarchs share their concerns about both the role of leadership that they have assumed and the economic interests of their respective nations. Having turned his blue-collar background into an advantage, Ralph begins accumulating a small but loyal and compassionate following. Ralph\'s staff arrange for him to marry Princess Anna of Finland; Ralph soon receives her and her parents on an official state visit. He then discovers that she has an unusually deep voice. "We have nothing in common and she has a voice like a tuba. If she had her way, we\'d have sex on a bed of nails on national television, but at least the party stinks", says Ralph. However, Graves has photos of Miranda and Ralph passed around at the royal ball, which, along with Ralph\'s wild rendition of "Good Golly Miss Molly" on a harpsichord, ruin any chance of a Royal marriage and causes a Finnish company to award a coveted contract to the Japanese. Having failed to realize that the role of King comes with formal expectations, and that he cannot rely entirely on his charm or blue-collar background, Ralph accepts a stern rebuke from Sir Cedric Willingham and endeavors to set things right. The palace staff begins an investigation and soon realizes that Ralph was set up through Gordon Halliwell, the Palace butler; Miranda confesses to Ralph her role in the scandal. Ralph starts developing his suspicions about the heir to the throne. His suspicions are confirmed when he gets Duncan to confess and learns that Willingham is another heir to the throne and had initially refused to accept the role. The next day Ralph addresses Parliament. Finally adopting the dignified manner and composure befitting a monarch, he publicly apologizes for his recent actions and then informs Parliament that he has helped work out a deal with the King of Zambezi that will create British jobs. He then reveals that Graves has been working to sabotage his succession to the throne and has him arrested for violating the Treason Act of 1702. Finally, he tells the British people that while he tried his best to be a good king, he admits that his best will never be good enough and that he believes the British people deserve a better monarch. Thus, he has decided to abdicate his throne, and reveals that Willingham will succeed him. Willingham becomes King Cedric I, and Ralph is free to pursue his romantic relationship with Miranda, along with his dreams of being a rock star. Ralph bids a tearful goodbye to his friends and his newly discovered relative. King Cedric creates Ralph the third Duke of Warren, with a lucrative annual salary , a palace in the country, and a state-of-the-art recording studio. A few years later, Miranda  is sitting with her and Ralph\'s young son, watching her husband perform with his musical group . The child is identified in the credits as Baby Ralph II, suggesting that he might someday succeed the childless Cedric as monarch.'] ["The story revolves around Georgia, a Filipina patis  manufacturer and a mother who is finally reunited with her long-lost Filipino Australian daughter after 20 years of separation. Christine can think of 101 reasons why her Australian dad must not marry her mom. The number one reason is that Georgia, her mother, disappeared from her life twenty years ago and never came back. Now Christine is confused: Why does her father want to marry her mom, who had caused them so much heartache? When Christine goes to her mother's town in Malabon, what starts out as an investigation turns out to be a hilarious yet touching journey for both mother and daughter. Christine's outrageous attempts to expose her mother's flaws are all foiled, as Georgia also comes up with hysterical schemes to win her daughter's love. Meanwhile, things get more riotous when Nanny Ninonu's blind heart falls for Junjun, who is obviously gay and definitely shows no interest liking her back. Again and again, Christine is frustrated as no matter how she tries to harden her own heart, she cannot help but fall in love with her mother's town and its people, especially Val, Georgia's adopted son. Through Val's eyes, she reluctantly begins to see what it means to have a real mother. Despite his discovers Christine's feelings of attraction towards Val, however, Val is suspicious of Christine's intentions. What happens if here plot to discredit Georgia? Will Georgia have a place in Christine's life? Can Christine learn to accept Georgia as her mother, even if she discovers a dark secret in her mother's past?"] ["Esha Malhotra  is a bright, spirited girl who has just left college. She finds a note from a past student of her school that coincides with her own feelings of love. She calls into a radio station and requests a song, repeating the words left on the note. An anonymous man calls in soon after, stating that he is the one who had written the letter and he would like to meet her someday since they seem to be one in the same. The radio announcer, Bingo, sets up a date and time for their meeting at the radio station. The day comes and the man  arrives but finds only a letter waiting for him. The letter does not state her name or address, only a Post Box number to which she requests him to write to so that they may become friends. So, the correspondence begins. The man turns out to be photographer Rahul Sharma . They do not meet, exchange numbers or tell their names to each other but they continue to write to each other. Fate brings the two together when Esha hires Rahul to be their photographer for a campaign. Esha's grandfather wants her to marry and so, he arranges her to meet Akshay Kapoor , a flirt and womanizer who also happens to be Rahul's best friend. Esha has fallen in love with her pen pal and does not want to marry him. However, Akshay is falling for Esha. A love struck Rahul arranges to meet the one he writes the letters to. Much to his shock though, he finds out it is Esha who is his beloved. Because of his friendship with Akshay who is deeply in love with Esha, Rahul decides to forget her. Esha, unable to contact her anonymous love, agrees to get wed to Akshay. Rahul leaves for Vancouver the day before the wedding, vowing never to be seen again. Four years later, in a mall in Canada, Rahul meets Akshay who now has a son. Rahul thinks he is about to meet Esha but instead meets Akshay's former girlfriend who is now his wife. Akshay explains that he could not marry Esha in the end because she still loves her mystery writer. Suddenly, a group of workers in the mall carry a large portrait of Esha right in front of where Akshay and Rahul are standing, and Akshay realizes that Rahul is the mystery writer Esha fell in love with. He urges Rahul to hurry back to India; Rahul does so and reunites with Esha."] ['The film begins with a mysterious gypsy-like musician  leading the crowds at Waterloo station in London in a dance to the title song. At the station, two strangers, Rikki Thukral  and Alvira Khan , wait for their respective friends arriving on the same train. Rikki is a fun-loving Punjabi from Bhatinda who lives in Southall, while Alvira is a sexy, elite class Pakistani from Lahore who is more assimilated into British culture. The two share a table in a café together and to kill the time they talk about how they met their partners-to-be. Rikki says that he met his fiancé, Anaida Raza , at Hôtel Ritz Paris, the same night that Diana, Princess of Wales and Dodi Al-Fayed left the hotel to take their last journey together. Rikki explains "When two lovers die, another two are born", as he fell in love with Anaida that night. Alvira says she met her fiancé, the dashing lawyer Steve Singh  at Madame Tussauds in London when he saved her from death by a falling Superman wax model. The encounter changed her life and she was smitten by the lawyer who also helped her sue Madame Tussauds for substantial damages. As Rikki and Alvira talk they begin to enjoy each other\'s company and their different backgrounds cease to matter. They exchange numbers and go to meet their partners. However, it is then revealed that they had not gone to meet their respective partners. Rikki is in fact at the train station to meet his business partner, while Alvira is meeting her relatives. As they leave the station separately, they realize they are in love, but believe their love is unrequited, each of the other. The two get in touch when Alvira calls Rikki, pretending it was a wrong number. They decide to meet up at a disco where there is a dance competition but both try to maintain that they are engaged. Out of desperation, Rikki hires Laila, a prostitute, to pose as Anaida, and Alvira asks Satvinder to pretend to be Steve. The four meet at a club and take part in the dance competition, while throwing insults at each other. Rikki and Laila emerge as the winners but Alvira is jealous and storms out in tears. Satvinder goes to Rikki\'s flat and tells him that he has fallen in love with Laila. He also tells him that Alvira is not engaged to him. Rikki, realising what has happened, goes to see Alvira, who is at first moping in bed and later tries to convince her cousin not to marry her. Rikki calls her from a neighbor\'s window. The film ends with the mysterious gypsy musician showing how Rikki and Alvira invented the stories about the non-existent lovers by taking inspiration from Alvira\'s newspaper and Rikki\'s comic book.'] ['Paul Robaix , a famous director, wants to shoot a film in Japan inspired by Madama Butterfly. His wife, an actress named Lucy Dell , has been the leading lady in all of his greatest films, and she is more famous. He feels that she overshadows him and he would like to achieve success independent of her. By choosing to film Madame Butterfly, he can select a different leading lady without hurting her feelings, because she, as a blue eyed, red headed woman, would not be suitable to play a Japanese woman. As a surprise, she visits him in Japan while he\'s searching for a leading lady. To surprise him further, she disguises herself as a geisha at a dinner party, planning to unveil her identity during the meal. But she is delighted to discover that everyone at the dinner party, including her husband, believes her to be a Japanese woman. When she learns that the studio has decided to only give her husband enough funds to film the movie in black and white because there are no big stars in the film, she decides that she will audition for the role of Butterfly, without telling her husband, but that the studio will know and therefore give him the budget he needs to make the film he wants. She gets the part and is wonderful. Through the course of the film Lucy Dell begins to become concerned that Yoko will steal her husbands affections. Though he never did develop feelings for "Yoko". When viewing the film\'s negatives, with the colors reversed, he figures out her duplicity and, thinking she is doing it to steal credit from him so that once again he will not get the artistic praise he deserves, he becomes furious. To retaliate, he decides to proposition Yoko. Greatly distressed, she flees. Paul then entertains the idea of divorce for what he sees as him being betrayed by his wife. Their "reunion" before the premiere is cold, Paul believing she will expose her identity there for betraying him, and Lucy believing that Paul was trying to sleep with Yoko. Her original plan was, at the end of the premiere, to reveal Yoko\'s true identity, which will astound Hollywood and practically guarantee her an Oscar. Instead, her then trusted friend, Kazumi, gives her a present of a fan that was owned by a very popular geisha. The fan was inscribed with the saying: "No one before you, my husband, not even I." So, she takes off her geisha makeup, appears as herself, tells everyone that Yoko went into a convent and will no longer be performing, and keeps her identity secret. She and her husband reconcile when he informs Lucy that he knew she was Yoko.'] ["Jim  is a thirty-three year old, emotionally stunted man who works at a miniature railway, and refuses to grow up. He lives in the granny flat at the back of his sister's house. Jim's pregnant sister Marie  struggles with her oafish brute of a husband, Owen . Jim is unable to make a commitment to his English girlfriend of three years, Alice , who is very disappointed that Jim can't tell her that he loves her. Hoping to drive her boyfriend into saying those magical words, she considers taking a job in England, but to no avail. After a drunken night on the town with his mate Blake , Jim unsuccessfully attempts to steal a car, owned by the vertically challenged Charlie . Discovering an undelivered love letter Charlie wrote to Francesca, Jim cajoles Charlie into helping him mend his relationship with Alice. Jim's first attempt at a love letter fails as he is unable to express the words so he copies Charlie's original letter and gives it to Alice. Alice knows that the words aren't Jim's and is not impressed. Jim returns to Charlie's place and Charlie realizes Jim copied his letter. Charlie tells Jim the words have to come from him so over a long afternoon and bottles of sharaz, Jim manages to write many rough drafts but he screws up all his work and gives up. Although Jim failed with Alice, he makes a commitment to Charlie to deliver his 3-year-old love letter. Charlie reveals that Francesca is supermodel Francesca Moretti  with whom he's obsessed with. Luckily Moretti is in town on a promotional tour and Jim takes Charlie to her book signing. Charlie gets cold feet and leaves but Jim hand-delivers the letter. Meanwhile Charlie visits Alice and give her a shoebox of Jim's writings, Charlie tells her,  His handwritings terrible, he writes like a doctor who lost both hands in the war, the words are coming. They're not quite there yet, but they're close. Later that evening Francesca reads Charlie's letter then invites him for a drink at her hotel. The two enjoy a pleasant evening together. Blake uses his influence to stall Alice's taxi ride to the airport to allow Jim to express his true feeling and to propose to her."] ['Ryan and Pete are 27-year old best friends in Miami, born on the same day and each searching for the perfect woman. Ryan  is a rookie stockbroker living with his psychic mother . Pete  is a slick surfer yet to find commitment. Each meets the women of his dreams on the same day. Ryan knocks heads in an elevator with the gorgeous Jessica , passing out before obtaining her number. Pete falls for the insatiable Tiara  whose uncle is the mob boss Vincent Bublione , charged with her protection. This high-energy romantic comedy asks to what extent one can go for true love.'] ['Two relative strangers try to turn a one night stand into a marriage in this romantic comedy. Alex Whitman ([[Matthew Perry  is an architect from New York City who is sent to Las Vegas to supervise the construction of a nightclub that his firm has been hired to build. Alex is a straight-laced WASP-ish type who, while enjoying a night on the town, meets Isabel Fuentes , a free-spirited Mexican-American photographer. Alex and Isabel are overtaken by lust at first sight and end up spending the night together; however, their immediate attraction doesn\'t last in the cold light of day, and they don\'t see each other for another three months. When they do meet again, it\'s because Isabel has some interesting news for Alex: she\'s pregnant with his child. Alex and Isabel decide that they should do the right thing and quickly get married , but after Isabel meets Alex\'s mom , and Alex is confronted by Isabel\'s father , both start to wonder if "doing the right thing" was just that, especially as Alex tries to balance his career in New York with Isabel\'s desire to continue working in Nevada.'] ["Now that Jeff has completed his military service and landed a lucrative job as an engineer, he and Gidget marry and move to Glossop, Maryland, where his new job is. Gidget finds that Jeff's company exerts far too much control over their lives, deciding where they will live and even choosing their friends for them. Gidget's rebellion against this lands Jeff in hot water, and their marriage is sorely tested."] ['There are many continuations from "The 400 Blows". Discharged from the army as unfit, Antoine Doinel  seeks out his sweetheart, violinist Christine Darbon . He has written to her voluminously  while in the military. Their relationship is tentative and unresolved. Christine is away skiing with friends when Antoine arrives, and her parents must entertain him themselves, though glad to see him. After she learns that Antoine has returned from military service, Christine goes to greet him at his new job as a hotel night clerk. It is a promising sign that perhaps this time, the romance will turn out happily for Antoine. He is, however, quickly fired from the hotel job. Counting the army, Antoine loses three jobs in the film, and is clearly destined to lose a fourth, all symbolic of his general difficulty with finding his identity and "fitting in". Later, Christine attempts to guess Antoine\'s latest job, amusingly tossing out guesses like sheriff or water taster. Finally, his job as a private detective is revealed. Throughout the film, Antoine works to maintain the job, working a case that requires him to pose as a shoe store stock boy. The job separates Antoine from his relationship with Christine. Soon, he falls for his employer\'s attractive  wife, who willingly seduces him. He quarrels with Christine, saying he has never "admired" her. Fired from the detective agency, by the film\'s end, Antoine has become a TV repairman. He still avoids Christine, but she wins him back by deliberately  disabling her TV, then calling his company for repairs while her parents are away. The company sends Antoine, who is once again bumbling and inept,trying for hours to fix a TV with just one missing tube. Morning finds the two of them in bed together. The film\'s final scene shows the newly engaged Antoine and Christine, strolling in the park. A strange man who has trailed Christine for days approaches the couple and declares his love for Christine. He describes his love as "definitive" and unlike the "temporary" love of "temporary people". When he walks away, Christine explains that the man must be mad. Antoine, recognising similarities in much of his own previous behaviour, admits, "He must be".'] ['The plot of the film revolves around Parvez , a Pakistani-born taxi driver and a tolerant, secular Muslim. His life takes an unexpected dark turn when his son Farid converts to fundamentalist Islam, leading to a family breakdown and social conflict. According to Rachel Donadio, a New York Times writer and editor, the film\'s theme is encapsulated in a pivotal scene: One of the most revealing insights into Britain’s recent social history comes early in “My Son the Fanatic,” Hanif Kureishi’s tender and darkly prescient 1997 film. It’s morning in an unnamed city in northern England, and Parvez, a secular Pakistani immigrant taxi driver brilliantly portrayed by Om Puri, watches Farid, his increasingly devout college-age son, sell his electric guitar. “Where is that going?” Parvez asks Farid as the buyer drives off. “You used to love making a terrible noise with these instruments!” Farid, played by Akbar Kurtha, looks at his father with irritation. “You always said there were more important things than ‘Stairway to Heaven,’ ” he says impatiently in his thick northern English accent. “You couldn’t have been more right.”<ref name2&orefbooks&pagewantedslogin NYT Profile]". Retrieved on August24, 2008.'] ['In Chicago, Darius Lovehall  is a poet who is giving a reading at the Sanctuary, an upscale nightclub presenting jazz and poetry to a bohemian clientele. Shortly before his set, he meets Nina Mosley , a gifted photographer who recently lost her job. They exchange small talk, and Darius makes his interest clear when he retitles his love poem "A Blues For Nina". A mutual attraction is sparked between them, and Darius invites himself back to her place to persistently ask her out. They have sex on the first date, but neither Darius or Nina are sure where to go next after this promising start. Nina has just gotten out of a relationship and isn\'t sure if she still cares for her old boyfriend or not, while at the same time Darius\' friends read him the riot act for wanting to give up his freedom so early on in the game. From then on, their relation and everything else change for both of them.'] ['The silent tells the story of Harry Shelby  who has been kept in knee-pants for years by his mother. One day, however, Harry finally gets his first pair of long pants. Immediately, his family expects him to marry his childhood sweetheart Priscilla . Yet, Harry soon falls for Bebe Blair , a femme fatale from the big city who has a boyfriend in the mob. Harry thinks that Bebe is interested in him as well, so he risks everything when Bebe ends up in jail. This leads to a lot of trouble for Harry. Throughout the whole ordeal Priscilla waits for Harry to face reality.'] ["Kate Moseley  is a world-class figure skater training for the 1988 Winter Olympics. She has genuine talent, but years of being spoiled by her wealthy father Jack  have made her all but impossible to work with. Doug Dorsey  is an exceptional hockey player with drive, skill, and a full complement of arrogance. His team is also in the Olympics. Just minutes before his match, he and Kate literally run into each other at the arena. Doug suffers an eye injury during that game which damages his peripheral vision, and he is forced to retire from the sport. Later in the Games, Kate falls during a program, costing her pair a chance at the gold medal. In the lead-up to the next Winter Olympics four years later, Kate has driven out all potential skating partners with her attitude and perfectionism; her coach, Anton Pamchenko , needs to find another replacement. He proceeds to track down Doug, who by now is back home in Minnesota, working in a steel mill, living with his brother and playing in a semi-professional hockey league on the side. Desperate for another chance at Olympic glory, Doug agrees to work as Kate's partner, even though he has a macho contempt for figure skating. However, Kate's snooty, prima donna behavior gets on his nerves immediately. The first few practices between them do not go well. In time, though, their relationship grows warmer, and they learn to work together and become a pair to be reckoned with both on and off the ice. To everyone's surprise, they advance all the way to the finals in Albertville and look to be one of the top pairs competing for the gold. Everything is going well until they realize that they have fallen in love with each other. Doug and Kate are forced to reconcile these new feelings with their mutual desire to win at all costs."] ['Set at the fictional Camden College in New Hampshire, the film opens at the "End of the World" party, where students Lauren Hynde , Paul Denton , and Sean Bateman  give apathetic interior monologues on their lives and briefly exchange glances with one another. Lauren, previously a virgin, takes a film student upstairs to have sex, only to wake up being raped by a townie while the film student records it; upon waking, she reflects on how she had planned to lose her virginity to Victor , her now ex-boyfriend. Meanwhile, Paul tries to have sex with a jock, only to be bashed when it turns out he is deeply closeted; additionally, a bruised Sean tears up a purple letter, before approaching and having sex with a blonde girl at the party. The plot then moves backwards several months and explores the love triangle between Lauren, Paul and Sean. Misinterpreting Sean\'s friendliness, Paul mistakes him for a homosexual and makes several advances that Sean is apparently oblivious to. Concurrently, Lauren also finds herself attracted to Sean despite saving her virginity for her traveling boyfriend, Victor. Sean reciprocates her feelings, and assumes the anonymous, purple love letters he has started receiving are from her. While Paul is visiting his friend, Dick, Sean is seduced by Lauren\'s roommate Lara, who tells him that Lauren isn\'t interested in him because she has a boyfriend; despite having sex with Lara, however, Sean regrets it and realizes that he is in love with Lauren. It is then revealed that another, unnamed girl is the author of Sean\'s love letters; after seeing him leave the party with Lara, she sends him a suicide note before cutting her wrists in the dorm bathtub. Lauren, finding Sean with Lara, runs to the girls bathroom in anger, only to find the unnamed girl\'s corpse, leaving Lauren extremely distressed. Sean, still believing Lauren wrote the purple letters, misinterprets the suicide note and assumes Lauren never wants to be with him. After numerous failed attempts at suicide, Sean then fakes his death and, unaware that Lauren recently found a corpse, unintentionally upsets her further when she finds him pretending to be dead. After stealing drugs from dealer Guest , Sean tries to speak to Lauren again, only for her to brush him off angrily. Finally happy now that Victor has returned to Camden College, Lauren is completely distraught to find Victor has no idea who she is. Paul, upon finding a drunk Sean, tries to talk to him, only for Sean to reject him, causing Paul to run off upset. Sean then finds that the love notes have stopped, and is beaten by Guest. The protagonists then attend the "End of the World" party and the plot returns to the introduction. After seeing Lauren heading upstairs with the filmmaker, Sean finally accepts he cannot be with her, and tears up one of the purple letters he believes to be from her. It\'s then revealed that, rather than having sex with the blonde girl as he does in the intro, Sean was merely fantasizing, and he instead leaves his drink and exits. Paul and Lauren then meet on the house porch and reflect on the events of the movie and on Sean, who is seen leaving on a motorcycle. Sean then begins narrating his thoughts, only for them to end prematurely.'] ['Estlin is a journalist in New York City, fresh out of college and ready to make a difference in an all-too cynical world. He struggles with defining career and relationships, and after his best friend Brooke moves away, finds himself falling for Sophie, a downtown photographer. Estlin must confront whether his dogged pursuit of truth helps or hinders his attempt to find a place in the world.'] ["It takes place in Paris and features Eddie Vuibert , an unemployed man in financial difficulty. A rich Jewish cloth manufacturer takes Eddie into his corporation out of pity because he mistakenly believes him to be Jewish as well. Eddie rapidly integrates in the parisian Jewish community and rises as a sales manager. He continues his masquerade of pretending to be Ashkenazi Jew in order to woo his boss's daughter . It was followed by a sequel, La Vérité si je mens ! 2, and a third movie La Vérité si je mens ! 3."] ['Holly Berenson  is the owner of a small Atlanta bakery, and Eric Messer , known as "Messer", is a promising television technical sports director for the Atlanta Hawks, who will have sex with almost any girl he meets. Both are godparents of Sophie Christina Novak, the baby daughter of their friends Peter and Alison, who decide to set them up on a date. However, Holly and Messer have only two things in common: their mutual dislike and their love for their goddaughter. After Peter and Alison die in a car crash, Holly and Messer learn that their friends have named them Sophie\'s joint guardians. Holly and Messer must put their differences aside and move into Sophie\'s home to care for her. However, living together proves to be a struggle. One night, Holly leaves Sophie with Messer while she covers an important catering job - the same night that he is given the opportunity to direct a big basketball game. Messer takes Sophie to the game, but she constantly distracts him with her crying. When they get home, Messer and Holly argue, but later they make up. Holly meets Sam , Sophie\'s pediatrician, and finds herself attracted to him. They arrange a date, which is cut short when Messer calls to tell Sam that Sophie has a high fever. Sam and Holly go to the hospital, and Messer sees Holly kiss Sam. As the two guardians continue to care for Sophie, they discover that raising a child is much more expensive than they had expected, and Holly can no longer afford to implement her plans to expand her business. Messer offers to invest in her company, and eventually Holly agrees. To cement the new relationship, they decide to go on a date. They have sex and begin to develop feelings for each other. Their Child Protective Services caseworker, who has previously advised them against getting involved, tells them they must make a firm commitment either to stay together or to break up. Anything in between would be bad for Sophie. Messer is offered a job in Phoenix, Arizona, and he seriously considers taking it up, as it has been his dream for several years. He does not, however, discuss it with Holly. When she finds out, an upset Holly tells him to go to Phoenix and accuses him of looking for a way out of raising Sophie. At Thanksgiving Messer returns to Atlanta, hoping to patch things up with Holly, but finds her in a relationship with "Doctor Love" . Messer and Holly argue, because Sam mentions they are planning to sell the house soon, since it is too expensive. Messer insists it was Peter and Alison\'s wish that Sophie be raised in their house, by them together. Holly consistently accuses Messer of deserting her and Sophie, while Messer points out how quickly she replaced him. Messer leaves the dinner, planning to return to Phoenix. Once alone with Holly, Sam says that if he and his ex-wife had fought in the way that Messer and Holly did, they would still be together. He tells Holly it is obvious she needs to work out her feelings for Messer, and leaves. The next morning, the caseworker comes for the last appointment to determine whether Holly and Messer are fit parents for Sophie. Holly realizes that she can\'t take care of Sophie without Messer, and that she loves him. She and Sophie drive to the airport with the caseworker. Holly rushes to buy tickets for all three of them, but, on arriving at the gate, finds that she has missed Messer. She returns to the house disappointed. To her surprise, she finds him sitting inside. He says he has realized that Peter and Alison chose them to be Sophie\'s guardians because they are a family. They kiss. The film ends with Sophie\'s second birthday party, with neighbors, family and friends invited. Holly has made an elaborate cupcake display for Sophie, as well as a cake with the number 1 on it, to celebrate that she and Messer have completed one whole year together as a new family.'] ["Two people meet in a park (Cora, played by Myrna Loy and William 'Bill' Overton, played by [[Robert Taylor  and at the time are both poor. As they start talking, they become acquainted and each discovers that the other is also poor. They try to get 50 cents to eat at a restaurant down the street but a man complains to the police that they are asking for money. When the policeman comes to them, they convince him to give them 50 cents by saying that they are engaged . While walking down the street they drop the money without knowing it. When their restaurant bill comes to 50 cents, they suddenly realize they must have dropped the money or lost it. Someone leaves a coin on the table, Bill tells Cora to steal it, which she does. Bill spots a slot machine in the restaurant and tells Cora to gamble, which so she does and wins. After winning the money, Bill and Cora go to a casino and win a car in a game and make more money gambling. One night the two get drunk and marry, the next day they get up and find out they are married. Bill gets a job but he still gets the urge to gamble; Cora doesn't care to live that life so she leaves Bill and goes back to her father then Bill goes to her father's house to get her back and he does."] ['Larry Gigli  is a low-ranking mobster in Los Angeles who is not nearly as tough as he likes to act. He is commanded to kidnap the mentally challenged younger brother of a powerful federal prosecutor to save New York-based mob boss Starkman  from prison. Gigli successfully convinces the young man, Brian , to go off with him by promising to take him "to the Baywatch," which seems to be Brian\'s singular obsession, and turns out to just be the beach. The man who ordered the kidnapping, Louis , does not trust Gigli to get the job done right, so he hires a woman calling herself Ricki  to take charge. Gigli is attracted to Ricki, but he resents the fact that Louis does not have faith in him and that he has to take orders from a woman. He is also frustrated by Brian\'s insistence on going to "the Baywatch" and by Ricki\'s lesbianism. The events take a darker turn when Larry and Ricki receive orders to cut off Brian\'s thumb, something neither wants to do. Ricki\'s girlfriend, Robin , shows up at Gigli\'s apartment, accusing her of cheating. She slits her wrists and has to be rushed to the hospital. While at the hospital, Gigli goes to the morgue and cuts off a corpse\'s thumb, which he sends to his boss as Brian\'s thumb. Gigli and Ricki go back to his apartment where Gigli confesses his love, and the two sleep together. They are summoned to meet with the mob\'s boss. Starkman reveals that he didn\'t approve of the plan to kidnap a federal prosecutor\'s brother and scolds them because the thumb they sent won\'t match Brian\'s fingerprint; he then kills Louis. Starkman is about to kill Ricki and Gigli as well, but Ricki talks him out of it. They decide to take Brian back to where they found him. On the way, they discover Baywatch  shooting an episode on the beach. They leave a happy Brian there, and at the last minute, Ricki decides to leave town with Gigli.'] ['Henry Pepper, top writer for Knickerbocker magazine, is assigned to write a profile on Carol Ainsley, who has been named the outstanding career woman of the year. Carol, a super agent and star-maker, has just scooped her competition by selling the movie rights to the romance novel Whirlwind and is spending a fortune to find the perfect actor to play the male lead. When Carol learns that the book\'s author, Anthony Street, may be the man to play his own hero, she searches him out and discovers that he is actually Professor Michael Cobb of Buxton College. Although handsome and blonde, the professor is an intellectual snob immersed in Elizabethan literature, and consequently, is horrified when he is exposed as the writer of a romance novel. While at Buxton, Carol gets Michael in trouble with the faculty and convinces him to accompany her to New York. There she takes over his life, arranging for lessons in comportment and charm. Michael is a failure at speaking the romantic words he wrote, however, and after his screen test proves a dismal failure, he decides to return to Buxton. Henry, meanwhile, has become intrigued by Carol and has decided that she would be terrific if she developed her human side more. Intending to see if she has anything other than a dollar sign for a heart, Henry contacts Michael and convinces the professor that he is in love with Carol. While radiating the charm and assurance that Carol has taught him, Michael begins to court her. Their courtship becomes headline news, and although she is not in love with him, Carol is afraid to tell him the truth for fear that he might walk out on his contract. Henry is thoroughly enjoying Carol\'s predicament until he kisses her and begins to fall in love with her himself. When Carol tries to trick Michael into going to Hollywood while she takes refuge at her father\'s house in Washington, D.C., Michael outsmarts her, follows her home and announces their engagement. Thus trapped, Carol agrees to the marriage. On the eve of the wedding, the guests are socializing in the various rooms of the Ainsley house when Carol, angry at Henry for agreeing to be the best man, goes to his room to confront him. After Henry insults Carol and accuses her of being only a "ten percent woman," she slaps him, runs into the hallway and announces that she is calling off the wedding because she is not in love with Michael and refuses to be married just for the sake of business. Henry listens to her speech in admiration, and when she finishes, she rushes into his arms.What a Woman! on TCM'] ["It tells a series of stories about love affairs or illicit meetings involving a prostitute, a soldier, a chambermaid, her employer's son, a married woman, her husband, a young girl, a poet, an actress and a count. At the end of each encounter, one of the partners forms a liaison with another person, and so on."] ['In 1890s New York City, Biff Grimes  falls in love with society girl and strawberry blonde Virginia Brush . However, Biff\'s more enterprising "pal" Hugo Barnstead  wins Virginia\'s affections. Biff ends up marrying Virginia\'s less glamorous best friend, Amy Lind , who Biff eventually realizes was the right one for him all the time. {{multiple image}}'] ["Dil Maange More is the story of Nikhil Mathur’s  quest for true love. His passions are his village Samarpur and soccer. He is desperate to fall in love with one woman but ends up with three women in his arms ready to swear undying love for him. He is first shown in love with Neha , his girlfriend of four years. Neha, an ambitious girl, leaves their village to go to Mumbai to become a flight attendant. Nikhil follows her to bring her back. In Mumbai, Nikhil bumps into Shagun . Though the two part ways, fate has something else in store for them, as he starts living above Shagun's house. The next day, Nikhil tries to convince Neha to return; he does not succeed. As luck would have it, he lands a job in a music store, which is run by A.R. Rehman  , exactly opposite the institute where Neha is training. There, he meets coworker Sarah  . Nikhil keeps trying to convince Neha but only gets rejection. He eventually ends up falling in love with Sarah as well. However, Sarah's ex-boyfriend comes and takes her away, which disheartens Nikhil. When he is invited to Shagun's home, he reads her computer diary and learns that she is actually in love with him. He proposes to Shagun and she accepts, but things turn as Neha returns, wanting him back. When Shagun sees Neha hugging Nikhil, she leaves, and Nikhil breaks up with Neha. A.R. Rehman then fixes Shagun up with Nikhil but Sarah also comes, saying she left her boyfriend for him. She hugs him and again, Shagun sees them and goes berserk. One day, A.R. Rehman arranges a party at a yacht; all the girls attend. They argue, and all three fall in the water. Nikhil quickly goes to help but only saves Shagun. Meanwhile, Nikhil, thinking that he has lost Shagun forever, returns to Samarpur. Shagun finally realizes that Nikhil really loves her and follows him to Samarpur, where the two decide to live there happily ever after. As Shagun is confessing her love, we see Neha, Sarah, and A.R. Rehman saying that their plan was successful, implying that everything was just an act to get Nikhil and Shagun together."] ['The story takes place in Manhattan during the height of the AIDS epidemic and revolves around the title character ([[Steven Weber , a gay man who has sworn off sex because of it. Almost immediately thereafter he meets Steve , a hunky, charming HIV+ man. He then experiences an emotional conflict as he must face his fear in order to accept love, often breaking the fourth wall to do so.'] ["Henry Hart is a successful gay artist from New York City who returns to his rural hometown in Montana to care for his ailing grandfather. Henry is welcomed back by the townsfolk, all of whom are aware of his sexuality and are highly accepting and even supportive towards him . However, during the months he stays in the town, Henry is forced to confront his unresolved feelings for his high school friend Dean Stewart, while simultaneously beginning to fall in love with Pike Dexter, the shy Native American owner of the town's general store."] ['Shakib khan was always helpful for others, specially for love. That\'s why he was called by "LOVE GURU". But he did not love any girl. Accidentally he met with Mim and fall in love. Initially Mim did not agree. Because Shakib was a son of rich businessman. Mim did not like rich people. But when Shakib could prove his real love, Mim could not refuse him. When their love was going on, Mim\'s brother, Misa Shawdagar become obstacle between them, Because Shakib was enemy of Misha. One day Mim\'s mother was killed by Shakib in a road accident. It was just an accident but Misha showed to all that Shakib did it intentionally. Mim got misunderstand to Shakib and tried to take revenge. But one day accidentally Mim realized, Shakib is innocent and her brother is the main villain of their love. Then she contacted with Shakib by cell phone and called him in their home. Finally Shakib saved Mim and got married.'] ['Renee Jeffers  is an up-and-coming Boston heiress from an "old money" family who spends her days in the family manor. Trouble arrives when Jay Tanner , an uncouth but wealthy business entrepreneur, tries to win her hand in marriage. Renee\'s best friend Edie  is secretly in love with Tanner. Hewett and Rae reprise their roles as Edmund and Hattie, members of the household wait staff, who offer conflicting advice to the bewildered Renee.'] ["As a relative newcomer to town, Dr. Mumford  seems charming and skillful to his neighbors and patients. His unique, frank approach to psychotherapy soon attracts patients away from the two therapists (David Paymer and [[Jane Adams  already working in the area. Soon he is treating a variety of conditions, ranging from one man's attachment to dime-store erotic novels to an unhappy woman's compulsive shopping. Mumford befriends a billionaire computer mogul ([[Jason Lee  and a cafe waitress  and he attempts to play matchmaker. He also begins to fall for a patient  who suffers from chronic fatigue syndrome. Together with an attorney , a patient Mumford had rejected because of his narcissism, the rival therapists conspire to find skeletons in Mumford's closet, hoping to destroy his reputation. And there are indeed skeletons galore, as a confidante of Mumford's soon finds out."] ["Danny Morgan  works as a concrete maker driver and construction worker who lives in a big Australian city with his girlfriend but is unhappy with his life. Danny yearns for the simple life while girlfriend Trudy  fantasizes about bright lights and fast times. While Danny plans for their annual camping trip, Trudy tells him she has to work, so the trip is off. In reality, Trudy is using her work connections at a local real estate agency to set up a meeting with a handsome local sports reporter, Sandy Upman . Danny sees them together while he's shopping for a weekend barbecue, leaving him even more disenchanted with their relationship. During the barbecue in his backyard, Danny, being an inventive character, ties a bunch of helium-filled balloons to his deckchair as his friends hold him down. When they inadvertently let go, Danny is set on an airborne adventure across Australia, which causes him to become a national sensation. As he floats over idyllically beautiful rural landscapes, totally foreign to the concrete structures of his discontent, he appears on the verge of some enlightenment. After he's beaten up in a rugged ride through a thunderstorm, fireworks from a small town's macademia festival burst his balloons. Danny lands in a tree in Glenda's front yard as the remnants of his chair float away. Glenda , who was watching the fireworks from her front porch, sees Danny fall into the tree but doesn't see the deckchair. As firemen and townsfolk arrive to find out if the fireball caused any damage, they see Glenda helping a disheveled Danny. Glenda tells them that Danny is an old professor from college days and takes him into her house, which belonged to her parents. As he recovers from the harrowing end to his journey, the lonely Glenda, fascinated by the strapping Danny, doesn't press him about his past. Danny doesn't help matters by offering only vague explanations about his origins and unorthodox arrival in the town of Clarence. As Danny explores the town, Glenda's friends wonder about their past relationship, but they are quickly won over by Danny's whimsical ways. This was easy to accomplish as Glenda's friends are just happy to see that the withdrawn, and sometimes depised, traffic officer is with someone special. Using his easy-going manner, Danny persuades Glenda to dress-up and go with him to the harvest ball. She gives him some nice clothes  to wear to the ball. After Danny looks in the mirror, he shaves his beard and trims his hair. At the ball and around town, Danny's mysterious past, detached demeanour and off-the-wall ideas make him an instant hit with the townsfolk. His ideas that were considered hair-brained in the big city seem fresh in the small town of Clarence, and he is hired to become the manager of an aspiring politician's campaign. As they spend time together at Glenda's house, Danny finds her father's old motorcycle, which for sentimental reasons Glenda keeps in the shed. After she shows Danny pictures of her parents on the motorcycle exploring the country, Danny fixes up the old motorcycle when Glenda is at work. All the while, the big city media can't get enough coverage of Danny's disappearance, constantly broadcasting interviews of his friends, family and co-workers. Trudy takes up with the sports reporter , who sees covering Danny's story and Trudy's suffering as a way to the top. Back in Clarence, Danny is forging a deep connection with Glenda. But their budding relationship is not viewed by everyone in town as all peaches-and-cream. Their flirtations arouse jealousy and suspicion in Glenda's male co-worker, the town's police supervisor, who busts them for speeding when they take Glenda's motorcycle out for a ride. But nothing fazes Danny as he continues to immerse himself in his ideal world. He even goes so far as to give a stirring speech at a political rally, and he is asked by some of the townsfolk to run for office. All caught up in the dizzying events surrounding the political rally, Glenda and Danny spend the night together. He wakes reveling in his new soul-mate, gets dressed in a haze of happiness and steps outside onto Glenda's porch to greet the dawn of his perfect new life. However, local kids have found and reported the deck chair causing Danny's past to come crashing down upon him in a torrent of media frenzy. As a shocked Glenda emerges from her house to see what all the noise is about, she spots Danny running down the street with a crowd in hot pursuit. Just then, Trudy and Upman drop down in a news helicopter and land in the street in front of Glenda's yard, stopping Danny dead in his tracks. Trudy reclaims Danny amidst an explosion of camera flashes to take him back to the big city, where she can bask in his new-found fame. As his half-truths become uncovered in the stark light of media exposure, Glenda rails against Danny as he's whisked away. But there's a much older hurt deep within Glenda psyche. Although she is angry at being deceived by Danny, his departure brings her to the stark realization that she has been deceiving herself as well. She finally admits to herself that her life is at a dead end and she decides it's time for a change. Meanwhile, unhappily plugged back into his old job and with Trudy trying to capitalize on his fame, the deep changes within Danny that happened in Clarence make city life all the more unbearable. Danny confronts Trudy, tells her it's over and uses the connections his media storm have forged to get on a military plane to win Glenda back. Back in Clarence, Glenda has finished packing up her motorcycle and is saying goodbye to her friends. Just then, Danny parachutes out of the plane over Clarence and crash-lands in the tree in front of Glenda's house as she's starting to leave on her motorcycle. At first, Glenda appears excited to see Danny; but immediately she starts yelling that he can't just drop in and everything will be all right. Glenda resolutely drives off before Danny can convince her how much he needs her and his new life in the town of Clarence. Dragging his parachute, Danny runs after her, shouting that he'll do whatever it takes to get back together. As she drives away, Danny's parachute cord gets caught on the back of the motorcycle and he is lifted into the air. As Glenda glances into her mirror for one last look at her old life, she notices Danny flying behind her and stops the bike. As he comes down, Danny and Glenda get entangled in the parachute, wordlessly embrace and kiss. As the movie ends, Danny and Glenda, in their bathrobes, symbolically float upward in deck chairs as they talk about their future plans."] ['The story involves a group of Western expatriates catching wild animals in East Africa and selling them to zoos, led by Sean Mercer . At the outset, Little Wolf , aka "The Indian," is injured during a rhinoceros chase. He is rushed to the hospital at Arusha, where he needs a blood transfusion. None of the team can provide the required rare blood type, but a young Frenchman, Charles "Chips" Maury  can. Chips is hired as a replacement for The Indian as the international group tries to fill all its animal orders for the season. A wildlife photographer, Anna Maria D\'Alessandro , arrives to take photos of the animals caught by Mercer\'s men for a zoo that will be buying the bulk of that season\'s captures. She is at first mistaken for a man because of the introduction letter she had signed with only her initials. She soon acquires the nickname "Dallas." During her stay, Dallas also becomes known as Mama Tembo  for her efforts to save three baby elephants, culminating in a chase through the streets of Arusha. She also develops a crush on Mercer. There are romantic subplots between the other characters as well.'] ["Jason Carmichael is a popular New York City playwright in desperate need of a new writing partner who can provide him with inspiration. Phoebe Craddock is a small-town teacher who aspires to be a writer. On the day Jason is marrying wealthy socialite Allison St. James, he meets Phoebe, stripping naked in front of her when he mistakes her for a masseusse. The two embark on a professional partnership. Over the course of the next nine years, they produce a string of plays, some flops but mostly hits. They find themselves attracted to each other but manage to avoid becoming involved romantically except for a one-nighter out of town, which the aloof Jason fails to even acknowledge the next morning. As time passes, Jason's marriage suffers as Allison runs for political office. His agent Blanche remains a constant, mothering presence as years go by. Jason is still a husband and a father while Phoebe remains a close family friend. But he permanently loses the respect of both his wife and writing partner by having a fling with a pushy Hollywood actress, Kate Mallory, as well as changing a new play at her request. Jason goes to pieces after his wife divorces him while Phoebe gets married to newspaper reporter Leo Janowitz. Phoebe moves away, ends their professional partnership and becomes a successful author. When they are reunited for the first time in years, Jason picks an argument with Phoebe in a restaurant and has a heart attack. Upon coming home, Jason does everything in his power to sabotage Phoebe's marriage while she moves in to take care of him. Leo can plainly see that his wife is in love with Jason and possibly always has been, so he leaves her. Phoebe ultimately invites Jason to try a new kind of collaboration."] ['Jim "Lucky" Moore ([[Allan Jones , an insurance salesman, comes up with a novel policy for his friend, Steve : a \'love insurance policy\', that will pay out $1-million if Steve does not marry his fiancée, Cynthia . The upcoming marriage is jeopardized by Steve\'s ex-girlfriend, Mickey , and Cynthia\'s disapproving Aunt Kitty. The policy is underwritten by a nightclub owner, Roscoe , who sends two enforcers - Abbott and Costello - to ensure that the wedding occurs as planned. Everyone involved in the situation winds up sailing or flying to San Marcos , where another complication arises, when Lucky falls for Cynthia. Lucky winds up marrying Cynthia, but Roscoe does not have to pay the $1-million because Steve ends up marrying Mickey.'] ['The film follows a diverse group of mostly middle-class Los Angelenos through the emotional ups and downs in their flawed yet very human lives, each loosely connected to each other through a restaurant. In the first story, Mamie  reluctantly agrees to work with a would-be young filmmaker  in order to locate the now grown son she secretly gave up for adoption after becoming pregnant from her stepbrother Charley  &ndash; who is later revealed to be gay &ndash; 19 years earlier. In the second story arc, her stepbrother, and his domestic partner, Gil  are deciding whether or not to confront their friends, a lesbian couple , regarding the paternity of their son. And in the third, a young man, Otis,  is involved with a band and trying to keep his father, Frank ([[Tom Arnold , from learning that he is gay, while also dealing with the seemingly gold-digging woman, Jude , who inserts herself into their lives.'] ["Joan Howell intends to be an actress, but for now she's working as a maid. Three different times, she accidentally bumps into Tom Milford, a successful publishing executive, who then asks her for a date. Ashamed of her own modest home, Joan invites him to the lavish apartment of one of her clients, pretending it is hers. What she doesn't know, because she and her employer have never met, is that the apartment is Tom's. He is shocked to find himself being welcomed to his own place. To see how far Joan is prepared to go, Tom moves in with his pal Harvey and goes along with it. As soon as Joan becomes aware of the truth, however, she gets even by throwing a party with girls pretending to be prostitutes, whereupon the party is promptly raided by the cops."] ["Luis was 12 when he met Julia. She was staying at the Hotel with her family while on holiday, and when the two met, the connection was instant. They spent the summer together, laughing, playing and wishing it would never end. When it was finally time for Julia to return to her native New Zealand, the two made a promise to meet back at the fountain the same time every year. Each year Luis waited, but no Julia. Now 10 years later, Luis finally decides it's time to put destiny to the test. Dragging along his best friend Eduardo, they board a plane to New Zealand determined to find Julia and win her back. Tagline: They were best friends that had it all...until one girl changed everything."] ['The comedian Alvy Singer  is trying to understand why his relationship with Annie Hall  ended a year ago. Growing up in New York, he vexed his mother with impossible questions about the emptiness of existence, but he was precocious about his innocent sexual curiosity. While Annie and Alvy wait in a theater queue to watch The Sorrow and the Pity, another man loudly misinterprets the work of Marshall McLuhan. McLuhan himself steps in to correct the mistake. That night, Annie isn’t interested in having sex with Alvy. Instead, they discuss his first wife, Allison Portchnik , with whom there was little sexual pleasure. His second marriage was to a New York intellectual, but their sexual relationship was not enjoyable for him. With Annie, it is different. The two of them have uproarious fun making a meal of boiled lobster together. Alvy enjoys mocking the unusual men that Annie had been involved with. Alvy met Annie on the tennis court. After the game, their awkward small talk led her to offer him first a ride up town and then a glass of wine on her balcony. There, what seemed a mild exchange of trivial personal data is revealed in "mental subtitles" as an escalating flirtation. Their first date follows Annie’s singing audition for a night club (“[[It Had to Be You . He suggests they kiss first thing to get it out of the way. After their lovemaking that night, Alvy is "a wreck", while she relaxes with a joint. Soon Annie admits she loves him, and he buys her books on death and says that his feelings for her are more than just love. When she moves in with him, things get very tense. Alvy feels strange when they visit her family in Chippewa Falls, Wisconsin, for Easter. He claims to have never felt more Jewish than with her “Jew-hating” grandmother, and his imagined conversation between their two families reveals a gulf in style, substance, and background. Finding her arm in arm with one of her college professors, Alvy argues with Annie whether this is the "flexibility" they had discussed. He searches for the truth of relationships, asking strangers on the street about the nature of love, questioning his formative years, until he becomes an animated Snow White to Annie’s evil queen. The love is gone. Alvy returns to dating, but the effort is marred by neurosis, bad sex, and finally an interruption from Annie, who insists he come over immediately. It turns out she needs him to kill a spider. A reconciliation follows, coupled with a vow to stay together come what may. However, their separate discussions with their therapists make it evident there is an unspoken divide. When Alvy accepts an offer to present an award on television, they fly out to Los Angeles, but on the return they agree that it’s not working. After losing her to her record producer, Tony Lacey , he unsuccessfully tries rekindling the flame with a marriage proposal. Back in New York, he stages a play of this episode but changes the ending: now she accepts. The last meeting for them is a wistful coda on New York\'s Upper West Side when they have both moved on to someone new. Alvy’s voice returns with a summation: love is essential, especially if it\'s neurotic. Annie torches "Seems Like Old Times" and the credits roll.'] ['A Greek chorus narrates and comments -- and Oedipus, Jocasta, Tiresias, and Cassandra sometimes directly intervene -- in this modern fable. Sportswriter Lenny Weinrib  is married to career-driven wife Amanda . She wants a baby and, because she cannot afford to get pregnant due to her job, she says they will adopt. Lenny is opposed to this, but as always Amanda has her way. They adopt a baby boy, whom they name Max. As the child grows up, it becomes clear he is highly intelligent. Lenny becomes obsessed with learning the identity of Max\'s biological parents. After great difficulty, Lenny finally locates Max\'s mother: prostitute and part-time porn star Linda Ash . Lenny makes an "appointment" with her. At first, Linda appears to be a dumb blonde with a crude sense of humor, along with delusions of becoming an actress. Lenny does not sleep with her and urges her to stop being a prostitute. Linda becomes furious and throws him out. It takes a while for Lenny to befriend Linda, but then he begins her lifestyle makeover. Lenny also tricks her into telling him about the child she gave up for adoption. He persuades Linda to quit her profession and even bribes her violent pimp with basketball tickets to let Linda go. Lenny then sets Linda up with a boxer-turned-onion farmer Kevin . It appears to be a perfect match, until Kevin discovers Linda\'s background and leaves her. Meanwhile, Amanda has been having an affair with her colleague Jerry . Lenny finds out about it. Lenny and Linda console one another and sleep together. Lenny then reconciles with a guilt-ridden Amanda, realizing they are still in love. Linda makes one last attempt to win back farm boy Kevin. But as she drives back to the city, a helicopter drops out of the sky. Linda gives the pilot Don a lift and, before you know it, they end up getting married. The twist is that Linda is pregnant with Lenny\'s child. A year later, Lenny and Linda, with their individual children, meet in a toy store. They have each other\'s child, but they don\'t know it.'] ["Nicole Bonnet loves her father, but he is an art forger whose Paris home is filled with objects like a fake Vincent Van Gogh painting and a Cellini statue of Venus that is actually something her grandfather sculpted, using her grandmother as a model. To great fanfare, the Venus is loaned out by Charles Bonnet to be placed on public display at a museum. Nicole scolds her father repeatedly that he is risking exposure and imprisonment if he continues this deception. In the middle of the night, Simon Dermott is caught by Nicole in her house, removing the Van Gogh from the wall. Although she picks up a gun and accidentally shoots him in the arm, Simon charms his way into a second chance. He even persuades Nicole to drive him back to his hotel, where the only thing he ends up stealing from her is a kiss. A wealthy American named Davis Leland comes by, aggressively expressing his love for Nicole and the Venus, not necessarily in that order. He impulsively gives her a gigantic diamond engagement ring and implores her to sell him the statue at any price. Charles obliges the museum by signing a document insuring the Venus for a million dollars if it is damaged or stolen. He is unaware until it is too late that his signature also authorizes the museum to have the sculpture inspected by an art expert, simply as a formality to confirm its authenticity. Horrified that her father is about to be exposed for the crook he is, Nicole appeals to Simon to break into the museum and steal the Venus. He is reluctant, in part because the building is so heavily guarded, but also because he can't get Nicole to explain why she needs to steal a statue that her own family owns. Simon masterminds the burglary. He and Nicole hide in a closet, from which he is able to escape after business hours even after it has been locked. In the tight confines of the closet, Nicole's resistance to his charms ends when Simon reveals that he has sensed from the very beginning that the statue is a fake. He only went along with Nicole's heist scheme because he has fallen in love with her, and the truth is, he is not a burglar but a British private investigator specializing in art forgery, which is why Simon broke in to examine her Van Gogh that first night, not to steal it. He twice sets off the security system's loud alarms, annoying the guards as well as the politically influential neighbors. Guessing right that the alarms will be shut off permanently, Simon steals the Venus off its pedestal and hides it in Nicole's pail, which she is using to pose as a floor-scrubbing museum cleaning woman. They escape successfully. A day later, as news of the million-dollar robbery dominates the news, Davis is tipped off about an art expert who might be able to find it for him, stolen or not. That expert is Simon Dermott, who does indeed give the American both the artwork and the engagement ring, keeping Nicole for himself."] ["CIA agents and best friends FDR Foster  and Tuck Hansen  are deployed to Hong Kong to prevent international criminal Karl Heinrich  from acquiring a weapon of mass destruction, but the mission goes awry, resulting in the death of Heinrich's brother Jonas and Heinrich swearing vengeance against them. For their protection, their boss, Collins , assigns them to desk duty upon returning to America. FDR is a womanizer, whose cover is that he's a cruise ship captain, while Tuck, who presents himself as a travel agent, has an ex-wife, Katie , and a son, Joe . After seeing a commercial for online dating, Tuck decides to sign himself up and is paired with Lauren Scott , a product testing executive who's dealing with the recent engagement of her ex-boyfriend. Her best friend, Trish , has signed her up for the same online dating site. FDR insists on being Tuck's backup for the date and hides nearby, but Tuck & Lauren hit it off. Shortly thereafter, FDR runs into Lauren at a video store and tries to flirt with her, not knowing she's Tuck's date, but she notices that he's a ladies' man and ignores him. Intrigued, FDR crashes into one of Lauren's test groups and persuades her to go on a date with him. The date does not go well at the start, with Lauren storming out of the club FDR took her to. After arguing in the street, FDR walks away from Lauren, but seconds later Lauren's sees her ex and his fiancee.Lauren grabs FDR and they kiss, lying that they are together, leading to them getting pizza and hitting it off. Lauren feels guilty about dating two men at the same time, but is persuaded by Trish to make the best of the situation. FDR and Tuck soon discover that they're seeing the same woman and decide not to tell her that they know each other, to interfere with each others' dates, nor have sex with her and let her come to a decision between them. However, they soon break their rules and use CIA technology to spy on her and discover her preferences, as well as try to sabotage one another. FDR and Lauren eventually have sex, and Tuck and Lauren nearly do as well, before Lauren interrupts it, feeling bad about herself. However, since Tuck had sabotaged FDR's bugs in Lauren's apartment, FDR was convinced that they have had sex. One day, Lauren invites Tuck to lunch, while FDR discovers that Heinrich has come to America to exact revenge against them. He interrupts Lauren's date with Tuck to warn him, but Tuck doesn't believe him and they engage in a fistfight, during which Lauren discovers that they are in fact best friends and, feeling made a fool of by them, decides to leave alone with Trish. At that moment, they are captured by Heinrich and his men, who are pursued by FDR and Tuck. FDR and Tuck rescue Lauren and Trish after a car chase, in which they reveal that they are CIA agents and, on Lauren's advice, shoot the headlights on Heinrich's car, deploying the airbags and sending Heinrich's car spiraling out of control. FDR and Tuck, on different sides of the road, urge Lauren to come to their side, and she ultimately chooses FDR as Heinrich dies when his car swerves off the bridge and crashes below. Lauren decides to be with FDR, and Tuck makes amends with him. Tuck soon reconciles with Katie and they get married once more. Shortly thereafter, FDR and Tuck are on a mission and about to parachute out of a Chinook helicopter when FDR reveals that he'll marry Lauren, and also that he had sex with Katie before she met Tuck, and no longer feels guilty about it because Tuck had sex with Lauren. Tuck, however, reveals that they didn't go all the way and angrily tackles FDR out of the helicopter."] ['Switchboard operator Marie Lawson  is conned by admirer Nicky , who tells her it is just a practical joke, into redirecting a phone call. However, Nicky uses what he learns to his own benefit, costing the intended recipient a lot of money. When the victim complains to Marie\'s boss, telephone repairmen Terry Riley ([[Pat O\'Brien  and John  are called in to see if the phone was tapped. When it is found not to be, Marie loses her job. Terry is attracted to Marie and eventually talks her into a date. He also gets her hired by businessman John P. Schuyler , whom he had earlier saved from a live electrical wire. When Marie runs into Nicky later, she lets slip that her new employer is expecting a delivery of $90,000 in bonds. As a result, Nicky is able to fool the courier into thinking he is Schuyler and giving him the bonds while Marie is distracted by a flood of calls from his accomplices. When she realizes what has happened, she goes looking for Nicky, but this only serves to make her look guilty. Terry is questioned by the police and then released so he can lead them to her hiding place. It works and she is arrested. When an expensive lawyer shows up on her behalf, Terry becomes suspicious and taps his line with John\'s reluctant help. Finally, he is able to trace a call to where Nicky and his gang are hiding out. When he goes there, he is easily caught and placed in a bedroom after the phone is ripped out. However, he is not searched. He hooks up a spare phone he has and is able to contact John to bring help. The crooks are captured. Terry and Marie get married, but on their wedding night, many of Terry\'s co-workers show up to "repair" their phone.'] ["Stone asks Gannon to speak before a night-school college journalism class. He turns down the invitation, writing a nasty letter to the instructor stating his viewpoint, but is ordered to go before the class by his managing editor. He finds the attractive Stone teaching the class. Before he is able to introduce himself and apologize for the letter, Erica reads it aloud and mocks Gannon before the class. Humiliated, he decides to join the class to show her up, posing as a wallpaper salesman named Jim Gallagher. Erica is quite taken by this charming man, whom she unwittingly finds exceptional for a student. Gannon continues his ruse as he becomes quite enchanted with Erica, and has to fend off Dr. Pine, as well as his own girlfriend Peggy DeFore, a nightclub singer . When Erica discovers Gannon's deception, she immediately calls their relationship off, but convinced by Dr. Pine, she gives Gannon another chance. By the end of the film, both Jim and Erica have come to understand, and partially adopt, the other's point of view."] ["Michael  and Stacey  are co-workers who can barely get along at the office. When Michael is suddenly thrust out of his home, the two are unexpectedly forced to become roommates. Though neither is particularly happy about the situation, they eventually learn to like each other, to the point where an undeniable attraction forms. However, another man enters Stacey's life right around the same time, complicating things even more than they were before."] ['While researching an ordinary real estate transaction, title examiner Leah Farrell  discovers a property transfer document with the forged name of a missing woman, and proceeds to investigate. When she is threatened by gangsters for snooping around, she turns for help to Assistant District Attorney Paul Shaughnessy . As Paul tries to protect Leah from the danger that looms from all sides, romance blooms. The two of them foil the plot to bring illegal gambling activities to a small seaside town in Massachusetts.'] ['The film is set early in the flapper era, beginning on "Thursday", June 2 of 1922, although in fact this day was a Friday. Millie Dillmount\'s  ambition is to find work as a stenographer to a wealthy businessman and then marry him&mdash;a thoroughly modern goal. Millie befriends Miss Dorothy Brown  as the latter checks into the Priscilla Hotel. When house mother Mrs. Meers  learns Miss Dorothy is an orphan, she remarks, "Sad to be all alone in the world." Unbeknownst to Millie, the woman is selling her tenants into white slavery, and those without family or close friends are her primary targets. At a friendship dance in the hall, Millie meets the devil-may-care paper clip salesman Jimmy Smith , to whom she takes an instant liking. However, she carries on with her plan to work for and then marry a rich man, and when she gets a job at Sincere Trust, she sets her sights on the attractive but self-absorbed Trevor Graydon . Jimmy later takes her and Miss Dorothy on an outing to Long Island, where they meet eccentric widow Muzzy Van Hossmere . Jimmy tells the girls that his father was Muzzy’s former gardener. Although Millie is falling in love with Jimmy, she is determined to stick to her plan and marry Trevor. One morning, she goes to work dressed as a flapper and attempts to seduce him, but her effort fails. Eventually, Trevor sees Miss Dorothy and falls in love with her and vice versa, leaving Millie heartbroken. Meanwhile, Jimmy\'s attempts to talk to Millie are continually thwarted by no-nonsense head stenographer Miss Flannary . He eventually climbs up the side of the building and when he finally gets to talk to Millie, she tells him she is quitting her job since Mr. Graydon is no longer available. Mrs. Meers makes several attempts to kidnap Miss Dorothy and hand her over to her Asian henchmen Bun Foo  and Ching Ho , but Millie manages to interrupt her every time. When Mrs. Meers finally succeeds, Millie finds Trevor drowning his sorrows, and he tells her Miss Dorothy stood him up and checked out of the hotel. Jimmy climbs into Miss Dorothy\'s room and lets Millie in, and they find all of Miss Dorothy\'s possessions still there. Millie realizes Miss Dorothy is just one of several girls who have vanished without a word to anyone. Together with Trevor Graydon, they try to piece the puzzle together. When Jimmy asks what all the missing girls had in common, Millie mentions they all were orphans. Jimmy disguises himself as a woman named Mary James seeking accommodations at the Priscilla Hotel, and casually mentions she is an orphan in front of Mrs. Meers. Mrs. Meers spots Trevor sitting in his car in front of the hotel, becomes suspicious, and shoots him with a tranquilizer dart. Mary James is subsequently captured by Mrs. Meers and Bun Foo, and Millie follows them to Chinatown, where the unconscious Jimmy has been hidden in a room in a fireworks factory where Miss Dorothy is sleeping. Trying to look casual, Millie has been smoking a cigarette outside the building, and when she begins to choke on it, she tosses it into a window, setting off the fireworks. As a series of explosions tear through the building, Millie dashes into the factory and finds several white girls tied up and about to be sent off to Beijing. She unties a couple of them, who then free the other girls, and then bumps into Miss Dorothy. They carry Jimmy out of the building, and head for Long Island and Muzzy. Mrs. Meers, Bun Foo, and Ching Ho follow Millie and the gang, but under Muzzy\'s leadership everyone manages to subdue the nefarious trio. Millie then discovers Jimmy and Miss Dorothy are millionaire siblings and Muzzy is their stepmother, who sent them out into the world to find partners who would love them for who they were and not for their money. Millie marries Jimmy and Miss Dorothy marries Trevor.'] ["A sweet young woman trying to get ahead in the workplace gets in touch with her inner homicidal maniac in this dark comedy from filmmaker Tim Cox. Sarah Jane McKinney  has been working as a secretary at Judge Pharmaceuticals for years, and she's eager to earn better pay and more prestige. ."] ['The film opens with a soldier and nurse getting out of two 1950-style cars in the middle of night. The nurse runs up to the soldier and the camera switches to reveal this to be a scene from a film. The three Piggly Wiggly store workers—Rosalee, Cathy and Pete—are watching and as the nurse on screen asks for forgiveness and the soldier agrees, the women in the audience are moved to tears as Pete is clearly unimpressed. As the girls wonder what Tad Hamilton—the star of the film—is doing at that moment, their prediction of praying is proven false as the scene cuts to Tad—described in the next scene by his agent—"drinking, driving, smoking, leering and groping all at the same time". The conclusion of the agent scene is that Tad must clean up his act to convince a director to cast him in an upcoming film; the solution, a competition to win a date with Tad, is found out by Rosalee as she surfs the internet. With the help of the Piggly Wiggly customers and the reluctant agreement of Pete, the girls raise the $100 entrance money as Pete reveals to his superior that he will leave for Richmond to go to college after he has a discussion "with someone about going to Richmond with me". This person is obviously Rosalee, but a news crew outside her house signals her success at winning a date with Tad Hamilton, and as Pete sees her off at the airport he sadly warns her to guard her "carnal treasure". Rosalee is awed by Los Angeles and becomes tongue-tied in Tad\'s presence; the date does not go well as Rosalee throws up in the limo and Tad mentions his love of animals—which Pete had warned was a signal of sexual intentions—rousing her suspicions. After seeing Tad\'s house, Rosalee requests to go back to the hotel and soon returns home leaving Tad thoughtful. As Pete is about to tell Rosalee about moving to Richmond she is surprised—as much as Pete is disappointed—by Tad\'s sudden arrival to get to know her and have some of her goodness rub off on him. Though Rosalee is still cynical of him as he uses a line from one of his films, his admission of not having "his priorities straight" seems to convince her of his good intentions. During a phone call with his agent, Tad insists that he wants to turn over a new leaf, and will not return to Los Angeles for a while. When he picks Rosalee up for a date he leaves a good impression on Rosalee\'s father, who had studied hard for the encounter. Pete tries to stop Rosalee seeing Tad, reporting the pair for parking at the infamous Water Gap, convince her that Tad is just using her, and then directly competes with Tad in farmyard chores; despite all his efforts, Rosalee and Tad grow close over the next few days. In the bar, Pete corners Tad in the men\'s room and after giving up the competition for Rosalee\'s love tells Tad that Rosalee is more than a wholesome small town girl, she is a wonderful person with "the kind of beauty a guy only sees once". He explains about her 6 smiles: one smile when something makes her laugh, one for polite laughter, one for when she makes plans, one when she makes fun of herself, one when she\'s uncomfortable and one when she\'s talking about her friends. He makes Tad swear not to break her heart or he will tear Tad to pieces with his "vicious rhetoric". When the pair is in Tad\'s hotel room, his agents appear and inform him that the director has decided to cast him in the film after all. Tad is overjoyed and convinces her to come to LA with him by using Pete\'s "6 smile" speech. After a rousing speech about great love from Angelica, a bar maid with a crush on him, Pete rushes to Rosalee\'s house and confesses his love for her but she is confused and resolves to still go to LA with Tad. On the plane when Tad fails to identify one of Rosalee\'s smiles he confesses his lie and she asks to go home. She runs to Piggly Wiggly and Pete\'s house, then drives furiously towards Richmond to overtake her heartbroken friend. And, in a set-up similar to the opening scene, Rosalee and Pete get out of their cars and Pete, surrendering to cheesy romance, asks her to dance.'] ['The film stars Grant as Tony, an Anglican priest newly arrived from England, asked to visit a notorious artist, loosely based on the Australian artist Norman Lindsay and played here by Sam Neill, out of the church\'s concern about a blasphemous painting the artist plans to exhibit. Estella, the priest\'s wife , accompanies him on the visit to the artist\'s bucolic compound in the Blue Mountains. The artist\'s saucy models are played by Elle Macpherson and Kate Fischer; Lindsay\'s wife, Rose  also poses for him. Portia de Rossi  plays the maid who has just begun demurely modeling for him as well. Mark Gerber plays the partially blind Devlin, the "odd-job" man who also poses for Lindsay. While both Grant and Neill play characters critical to the film\'s story, the film is really about Estella, who responds to the sensuality of her surroundings over the course of her visit to Lindsay\'s estate. Her relationship with Tony includes the intimacy and commitment needed in a well-rounded marriage, but is missing the passion, in all of that term\'s senses. All of Estella\'s senses are engaged by the backdrop for the film, a lush and dangerous landscape filled with the distinctive flora and fauna of Australia. To the prim and proper English wife of a priest it\'s all quite exotic. Lindsay\'s voluptuous models  live the libertine lives that Lindsay champions through his paintings and Lindsay has animated postprandial conversations with her husband. Those scenes and conversations, and various glimpses of naked models and a naked Devlin, contribute to the stimulating environment. The surroundings and the lives of the models are siren calls that lead Estella to fantasize with increasing intensity, and  act on a few of her impulses. She suffers morning-after remorse about a late-night encounter with Devlin, and perhaps influenced by supportive words from her husband , the film ends with a playful scene between the two of them. The scene hints at the possibility that she may find passion with her husband after all. A separate story arc follows de Rossi\'s character as she matures emotionally under the influence of the other two models and Estella\'s advice. It intersects with the primary arc in the person of Devlin, to whom de Rossi\'s character is attracted.'] ['Gynecologist Dr. Alex Hesse  has a nightmare about urinating infants in a library. In the real world, he and his colleague Dr. Larry Arbogast  have invented a fertility drug, "Expectane", that is supposed to reduce the chances of a woman\'s body rejecting an embryo and thus prevent a miscarriage. Unfortunately, they are not allowed to test it on women since the Food and Drug Administration has not yet approved the drug; so Hesse and Arbogast move forward in their research. In response, Hesse breaks into the laboratory and locks himself in. The head of the review board, Noah Banes, informs Arbogast that while the FDA has denied their team the right of human experimentation, the team has managed to receive a donation by Dr. Diana Reddin  from the ovum cryogenics department. When Hesse questions the chances of a woman taking an unapproved drug during pregnancy, Arbogast reveals that there is no need to identify the gender of the experiment and convinces Hesse to impregnate himself, using an ovum codenamed "Junior". That night, Hesse has another nightmare in which his potential offspring has his own face pasted onto it. That day, he complains to Arbogast that his nipples are hurting him. Later, the normally aloof Hesse inexplicably lightens up and chats incessantly about walks, massages, and naps. Reddin tells Hesse that being a woman is not as great as it sounds, citing the menstrual cycles which do not stop until menopause, while Arbogast warns Hesse of a disease that is turning men into strudels. Meanwhile, Arbogast\'s pregnant ex-wife wants him to be the doctor delivering her baby. Hesse begins to wonder what it would be like to be a father and watches some television commercials to have himself a good sobbing. He later begins overeating, with Arbogast\'s ex-wife noting his practice of "mixing cuisines". It is revealed that the "Junior" ovum is actually from Reddin\'s own body, making her the mother of Hesse\'s child. Banes wants to take credit for the experiment despite having no role in it. Arbogast disguises Hesse as a woman and hides him in a retreat for expecting mothers outside the city, passing off his masculine appearance as past anabolic steroid use. Eventually, Hesse goes into labor  and gives birth via caesarean section to a baby girl naming her Junior. Arbogast delivers his ex-wife\'s child and the two reconcile to raise their new son as their own. Before the credits, it shows the two families on a beach on vacation celebrating the birthdays of Junior and Jake , we discover that Reddin is pregnant and when the credits are rolling, they are all playing in the sea.'] ["Inocencio Prieto y Calvo receives a letter telling him that he is the heir to his uncle's fortune of two million pesos, which he has only to claim by producing his baptismal certificate as proof of identity. However, as an illiterate, Inocencio has no idea of the contents of the letter. While waiting for the local druggist to wait on him so he can have the letter read to him, Inocencio is embarrassed to see that a customer's young daughter is already able to read while he, a grown man, cannot. He leaves without telling the druggist his problem, resolved to go to school and to wait to learn the letter's contents until he can read them for himself, so that never again will he have to share private matters with others because of his own ignorance. After registering at school, he stops by the local bank to ask for a job, having quit his previous employment that morning. Leaving the bank, he meets Blanca, an attractive young woman newly arrived in town, and shows her the way to her new place of employment, partly to avoid admitting he cannot read the written address. The daughter of Blanca's employer is entertaining her fiancé, Aníbal, who finds Blanca appealing and begins to make advances on her almost immediately. These advances are spurned each time; the final time, Aníbal warns her she will regret her refusals. Over the course of the film, Inocencio gradually learns to read, courts Blanca, and makes both friends and enemies at the bank. He foils a robbery and then a plot to make him look guilty; the bank manager is so pleased with his honesty that he gives Inocencio a 1000-peso reward, which the grateful man proceeds to spend on a new dress for his godmother, a traditional regional dress for Blanca to wear in a beauty contest, and new shoes for himself. While going about his cleaning work in the bank, Inocencio unwittingly drops the lawyer's letter &mdash; which he still has yet to read &mdash; and a fellow employee with a grudge against him finds the item on the floor. On the day of the contest, Aníbal and the bank employee conspire to make it appear that Blanca has stolen her employer's jewels and passed them to Inocencio. Though both are arrested, the trial is cut short when the bank employee discovers Aníbal has betrayed him and gone alone to claim the inheritance, leaving the employee to reveal the whole plot. Inocencio and his friends rush to Mexico City to thwart the attempt and denounce Aníbal, who is arrested at the lawyer's office after he arrives to claim the funds. The film concludes with Inocencio's and Blanca's wedding."] ['Finding North tells the story of Rhonda , a bank teller who\'s depressed upon turning 30, and Travis , a gay man who\'s recently lost his lover to AIDS and grown suicidal. Travis receives an audio tape recorded by his lover, Bobby, before his death which sends him on a scavenger hunt of sorts to Bobby\'s home town in Texas. Through a series of mishaps, Rhonda ends up accompanying him on his journey. Together they follow Bobby\'s instructions as best they can, collecting items that represent Bobby\'s past, despite the many changes to the town in the years since Bobby left. Ultimately they end up at the gravesite Bobby\'s parents had prepared for him decades earlier. They bury the collected items at Bobby\'s instruction and together start to try "finding North" .'] ['Stewart "Stew" Smith ([[Robert_Williams_, ace reporter for the Post, is assigned to get the story about the latest escapade of playboy Michael Schuyler , a breach of promise suit by chorus girl Gloria Golden, who has been paid to drop it. Unlike rival Daily Tribune reporter Bingy Baker , he turns down a $50 bribe from Dexter Grayson , the Schuylers\' lawyer, to not write anything. He does pretend to be swayed by the pleas of Anne , Michael\'s sister, but then brazenly calls his editor with the scoop, appalling the Schuylers. Stew returns to the house to return a copy of Conrad he had taken from the Schuylers\' library. The butler, Smythe , tries to make him leave, but Anne sees him. Stew surprises Anne by presenting her with Michael\'s love letters to Gloria, who had intended to use them to extort more money from the Schuylers. Anne offers Stew a $5,000 check, which he refuses. She asks why he reported the suit, but not the love notes. Stew explains that one was news, the other, blackmail. He later tells her he is writing a play. Intrigued, Anne wonders if she can turn him into a gentleman. She invites him to a party at the house. They fall in love and soon elope, horrifying Anne\'s widowed mother, Mrs. Schuyler , an imperious dowager who looks down on Stew\'s lower class background. Michael takes it in stride, telling Stew he\'s not as bad as everyone thinks. The wedding is scooped by the rival Daily Tribune, enraging his editor, Conroy . Even more upset is Stew\'s best friend Gallagher , a sob sister columnist secretly pining for him. Conroy taunts Stew as "a bird in a gilded cage." Despite his bravado, Stew is upset by the implication he is no longer his own man, vowing not to live on Anne\'s money. However, she cajoles him into moving into the mansion and starts to make him over, buying him garters  and hiring a valet, Dawson . When the Schuylers hold a reception for the Spanish ambassador, Gallagher substitutes for the society reporter and chats with Stew. Anne is surprised to learn that her husband\'s best friend  is actually a lovely young woman and treats Gallagher icily. Then, Bingy tells Stew the Tribune will give him a column if he signs it "Anne Schuyler\'s husband." Insulted, Stew punches Bingy when he calls him Cinderella Man. The next morning, Mrs. Schuyler is aghast to find Stew\'s brawl has made the front page. Wrestling with his play, Stew invites Gallagher and another friend, Hank  from Joe\'s. They arrive with Joe and several bar patrons in tow and even Bingy shows up to apologize. A raucous party ensues. Meanwhile, Stew and Gallagher ponder the play, deciding to base it on Stew\'s marriage. Anne, Mrs. Schuyler, and Grayson return as the party is in full swing. Stew apologizes for letting the party get out of control, but protests that he can invite friends to "my house." Anne replies, "Your house?" Stew returns with Gallagher to his own apartment. Along the way, he gives a homeless man his expensive garters. Grayson stops by to say Anne will pay him alimony, whereupon Stew punches him . Stew tells Gallagher the play could end with the protagonist divorcing his rich wife and marrying the woman whom he had always loved without ever realizing it. Overwhelmed, Gallagher hugs him.'] ['Jack Twiller  gets greetings from a long gone high school girlfriend. This makes him open his school\'s yearbook - his "Book of Love" - and remember the old times, way back in the 50s, when he was in his last year of high school ([[Chris Young  and his family just moved to the town. He hung out with geeky Paul Kane and tried to get the attention of Lily , who unfortunately was together with bully Angelo .'] ['Sixteen-year-old Lynda Mansell  lives in a small English seaside town in the early 1950s. She is feisty and precocious and always shocks other people with her vulgar and saucy tongue . She is also naive and easily taken advantage of. Bored with conventional jobs  and her town\'s dull young men, Lynda has her first sexual experience with Dave  but after she has slept with one of her father\'s middle-aged friends ([[Tom Bell , her life changes. She becomes pregnant and her father, a somewhat rigid and conventional man, disowns her. Desperately she tries to seek an illegal abortion but in the end decides to become a mother. "Wish you were here" is a sigh Lynda makes because of her dead mother, who understood her and protected her from her intolerant father. Beneath her cheeky exterior, Lynda is a vulnerable girl who seeks love and a place in life; she lives in a time when it was difficult for teenagers like her to do that in their own way. This movie was based loosely on the memoirs of the British madam Cynthia Payne as an adolescent. It was filmed in Worthing and Bognor Regis.'] ["Big Ain't Bad is a romantic comedy that redefines the measure of love. Ric  and Natalie  are a happy young couple headed towards marriage after a brief courtship. However, when Natalie makes an early return home from a business trip and finds her trusted mate in the company of last night's entertainment, the relationship abruptly ends leaving them to travel separate roads to self-discovery."] ["Deborah  is a tough modern businesswoman whose primary traits seem to be chain smoking and bullying her colleagues. While going to the hospital one day to visit her sister, she manages to sideswipe Chiang Tung Choi's  car; seeing this she immediately drives off. Tung, owner of a beef noodle stall, Gat Lee, wants to pursue her but changes his mind when his sick mother demands to be brought to the hospital immediately. It so happens that he sees her car again at the hospital; when she denies breaking his mirror, he kicks her door in and they have a childish quarrel in which the police end up being called. Advising them to settle the matter privately, Deborah agrees to meet Tung at a karaoke lounge and after they get drunk, they have what they think at the time will be a one night stand. Unbeknownst to Deborah, Tung actually has a girlfriend, Mindy , who is also a popular television talk show host. In a series of events that go from bad to worse, Deborah then gets fired from her job for her boss, Hing Chan's wife, Bobo's mishandling of a contract, and then gets kicked out of her parents house where she has been staying, after her losing of the family dog triggers off an argument. With nowhere to go, Deborah ends up sleeping in the hospital next to her sister, where she meets Tung, who is visiting his mother. After hearing about her predicament, Tung invites her to his home to shower, and she meets his dysfunctional family; two sisters who are always arguing, and a brother, Gary, who is continually in fear of them. His family makes a big deal out of Deborah, continually praising Mindy, and unable to take it, Tung and Deborah leave and go for a walk. At the beef noodle shop, Deborah starts working for Tung, but she also manages to spoil the secret recipe of 30 years of work. They have to go to a rival restaurant instead to buy the bull organs. While accompanying Tung's mother on a morning jog, she is advised against competing against Mindy for Tung. She also manages to accidentally cut Tung's mother. Tung goes to Deborah's old office acting as a gangster to demand her pay cheque. He gives the company $50000 and asks them to issue a cheque to her for that amount. Upon hearing that Deborah has been paid, Tung's mother insists she give them a treat. While they are deciding where to go, the whole family excitedly tells Tung that Mindy is coming back from her overseas shoot the next day. After their dinner, Deborah sees her ex colleagues and apologises for her previous behaviour. Mindy announces to Tung that she wants to marry him and that she will change everything she is to be with him. Unable to break up with her in the face of this information, he lets himself be swayed to purchase engagement rings instead. He calls Deborah and tells her that their relationship is the one that has to end instead. A former colleague invites Deborah to a staff party and Tung shows up holding flowers; Deborah thinks these are for her, but the truth is Mindy happens to be the MC for the staff party. Both Tung and Deborah hide from her but in an ultimate showdown, Mindy and Deborah have a big fight, and Tung realises that his true love is in fact Deborah."] ['Nancy, a.k.a. "Dr. Love", is a radio talk show host unskilled at practicing what she preaches. She eventually meets Mickey, a romeo with women whose wildly varied experiences and stories make people assume him to be a compulsive liar. Mickey also gets to know Eve, who is a former prostitute who now owns a bar bearing her name. The bar is in particular popular with people looking for one night stands. The three lead lonely, unfulfilling lives in Los Angeles. They have never met before, but their experiences become intertwined and complicate a number of lives.'] ["Raju Pardesi ([[Govinda  is a fairly poor guy who wants to marry a rich guy's daughter, Chinii . However, the rich father is not impressed and demands that Pardesi must earn {{INR}}1,00,00,000 rupees within a year, and only then will he let him marry his daughter. A chance encounter ends up with the overly honest main character accidentally picking up the wrong suitcase on his way home, and suddenly he is blessed with {{INR}}10,00,000 rupees. His honesty makes him go to the police station to hand it in, but there he is faced by dishonest policemen who only want to take the money for themselves. He and his friend, Happy Singh,  start to think about how they could make 10 million rupees from just 1 million. They enlist a scientist who has a secret recipe for tea.. and start to sell their own brand of tea. After the first week, however, they have only sold two packets because their tea is too expensive. Happy Singh suggests that they start their own tea company and leases a house, a large field of tea, and some workers.. on the main character's behalf. The rest of the story revolves around the activities of the main character, Happy Singh, the workers and the house maid known as 'Ms. Break-All'."] ["Palin plays Francis Ashby, a senior Oxford professor on holiday in the Swiss Alps in 1861. There he meets the American Caroline Hartley  and her 18-year old ward Elinor . Ashby is drawn to them both, particularly Elinor, but is rather surprised when they arrive in Oxford and rent a house. Women are not allowed in the College, nor are Fellows allowed to marry, which puts him in an embarrassing situation. Ashby's rival for the post of College President, Oliver Syme , takes full advantage of this to try to discredit Ashby."] ['In 1996, Jamie Randall  is fired from a Midwest town\'s electronics store for having sex with his manager\'s girlfriend. His wealthy brother Josh  announces at the dinner table at their parents\'  house that he has found Jamie a job as a pharmaceutical sales representative. After attending a Pfizer training program where he has sex with the instructor , Jamie goes to work for the company and tries to get doctors to prescribe Zoloft and Zithromax. He is rebuffed, much to the dismay of his regional manager, Bruce , who sees Jamie as his ticket to the "big leagues" of Chicago. Bruce says if Jamie can get Dr. Knight  to prescribe Zoloft instead of Prozac, other doctors will follow his lead. Jamie tries to get access to Dr. Knight by hitting on his female employees until, exasperated, Dr. Knight unethically permits him to observe a disrobing patient, Maggie Murdock , who suffers from early onset Parkinson\'s disease. Jamie angles a date with Maggie, who has sex with him. Jamie is later beaten up by top-selling Prozac rep Trey , one of Maggie\'s ex-lovers, who warns him to stay away from her and the doctors. That night, Jamie is unable to get an erection. Maggie teasingly says he should use the new erectile dysfunction drug that his company has developed. Bruce confirms that such a drug, to be called Viagra, is about to be marketed. Jamie soon starts selling Viagra, an instant success. Jamie wants a committed relationship, but Maggie refuses. Jamie confronts her while she helps senior citizens onto a bus bound for Canada to get cheap prescription drugs, and they get into an argument. Two days later, after he waits the night before at the bus stop in his car, he greets her back. Maggie is touched that he waited, and they resume their relationship. Jamie spends nights at Maggie\'s apartment. One night, he tells Maggie that he loves her &mdash; the first time he has ever said that to anyone &mdash; and has a panic attack. Maggie calms him by saying she "said \'I love you\' to a cat once". Jamie catches his brother masturbating to a sex tape that he and Maggie had filmed. Jamie asks her to go to a Chicago medical conference with him. She ends up at a Parkinson\'s discussion group across the street, and is moved by the people and their stories. Jamie meets a man whose wife is in the final stages of the disease, and asks for advice about Maggie. The man tells him to run. After the convention, Maggie tells him how much she loves him. Jamie starts researching Parkinson\'s, and takes Maggie to different specialists around the country to have tests done. Jamie becomes angry and upset when he arrives at an appointment, to find out it has been rescheduled after they had flown in to see the doctor. Maggie sees that Jamie can only love her if there\'s a hope that one day there will be a cure, and decides to break up with him. Some time later, Jamie goes to a restaurant and runs into Maggie, who is on a date. Bruce shows up and reveals Jamie has been promoted to the Chicago office. While packing to move to Chicago, Jamie finds the videotape recorder where he taped himself and Maggie talking about life. Jamie realizes he wants to be with Maggie, but her boss tells him she has left for Canada to obtain drugs. Jamie flags down her bus and tells her that she makes him a better person, and that he loves and needs her. She starts to cry and says she will need him more. Jamie decides not to take the job in Chicago, but instead he attends medical school and stays with Maggie.'] ["Jackie Mullens dreams of becoming a singing star and her cousin Angus thinks he has what it takes to be a successful manager. After a spot at the hip club in town  fails to win Jackie any paying gigs, Angus enters her in a major talent competition to be held on New Year's Eve. If Jackie wins, her career is assured, and the $25,000 grand prize will help keep her family's pub open."] ["For the First Time follows the lives of a couple from two worlds. Seth  is a rich, impulsive playboy who runs away from serious relationships and doesn’t give much thought to the women he goes out with. Sophia  is a prude, ambitious girl who feels responsible for the tragedy she once encountered and with a scar to constantly remind her about this unfortunate experience. When the two accidentally meet in Santorini, their differences did not stop them from spending one unforgettable summer together — that is until Seth runs away again, scared of the unusual feeling that is happening within him. Seth soon realizes his mistake and comes back to Manila to try his best to regain Pia's affection. Conflicts in land ownership and businesses of their parents are now parts of a wall that is growing in between them.http://forthefirsttime.yehey.com/experience_synopsis.html"] ['In 1959, Frank and Eva Reilly are on their way to the hospital, as Eva is in labor with their first child. As they are driving, Harrison , Julia , Milo , and Penny  are presented as passengers on the same bus. The bus driver is focused on a car to his left where a man is touching a woman\'s exposed leg. He loses control of the bus and crashes off an overpass, killing all four of the characters. Each one had unfinished business in his or her life, and instead of going to heaven, they find themselves as ghosts, tied to the newborn Thomas Reilly, who was born in the vehicle at the moment the four passengers lost their lives. Only Thomas is able to see the ghosts. They act as his guides and guardian spirits. However, when people show concern over Thomas\' "imaginary" friends, they decide to hide themselves from him to avoid trouble. Thomas is devastated. Twenty-five years later, after finally learning that they were supposed to use their internment on Earth to resolve their remaining issues, they make themselves visible to Thomas  once more. By now, he is a cold, distant businessman having problems with his girlfriend Anne . Though reluctant at first, he eventually agrees to help them fulfill their final tasks. As they succeed  in tying up their decades-old loose ends, they are individually brought to heaven by the bus driver Hal . Milo, a petty thief, regrets a decision he made right before his death to steal back valuable stamps, a family heirloom, from a child. He possesses Thomas to complete the task of stealing the stamps back from his former boss, who still has them. He returns the stamps anonymously to their overjoyed owner. Harrison was a would-be singer who was very talented, but had severe stage fright. He died shortly after giving up at an audition, unable to perform. After encouragement from Thomas and the others, he works up the nerve to sing the National Anthem at a B. B. King concert where Thomas sneaks on stage. Harrison is a big hit, but soon after his performance the police detain Thomas, who is nevertheless satisfied that Harrison\'s final act was a success. Penny was a single mother who had been spending her time with Thomas trying to discover the fates of her three children after her death. Earlier in the day, the group had gone to Penny\'s old neighborhood to look for clues. They found Penny\'s old neighbor who still took care of the neighborhood cats. She told them that Penny\'s daughters were adopted by a good family in Sacramento, but that she lost track of Billy when he entered the foster care system. Thomas, Julia and Penny rush out of the police parking lot after Thomas post-performance arrest eager to continue their search for Penny\'s son. However as they exit, Thomas hits another car. It turns out the car is being driven by the police officer with whom Thomas has had constant run-ins throughout the movie. The officer is traveling with his wife and baby daughter. As the officer and Thomas argue about the accident, the little daughter begins to cry. The police officer attempts to soothe his daughter by singing a song which Penny recognizes as the one she made up to sing to her children. The song used to be her son Billy\'s favorite. Penny is convinced this is her son. Thomas asks the officer if he was ever adopted and if his first name is Billy. Thomas tries to explain that his mother and Billy\'s mother were in the hospital together the night Billy\'s mother died. In attempting to convince the officer of their connection, Thomas tells Billy about his sisters and Billy\'s old next-door neighbor, whom Billy remembers from his youth. Billy admits he had spent the last twenty years trying to find them, but had not been able to get access to the sealed records. Excited to discover this young officer is her son, Penny possesses Thomas to give him a hug and tells him that she loves him. Billy is disoriented and not fully convinced by Thomas\'s story, but they part with Billy issuing a threat to check the story out. Penny\'s work is done. Finally, Julia had been on the way to tell her ex-boyfriend that she loved him and intended to accept his proposal in marriage when the bus crashed. Thomas takes her to the last-known location of the man, trying to outrun the ghost bus that has come for her. She takes control of him when they arrive and writes a letter to give to her fiancée under the cover that he found it. However, when Thomas knocks on the door, the man who lives there reveals that her boyfriend died seven years ago a lonely man worn down by life. Thomas and Julia are stunned at the unfairness of it, until she realizes that coming here was meant to show Thomas that he shouldn\'t squander his relationship with Anne and makes him promise to go to her. Hal is pleased with this explanation, and Julia and Thomas then get ready to say their good-byes. Julia is wistful because she, like the other ghosts, had helped watch over him as her own child, and as she said to him when he was 7 years old, she simply wished she could give him a big hug. After hearing her, Hal looks up to the sky, meaning God, suddenly Julia becomes solid and is able to hug Thomas. The bus driver says \'thank you\' to God and takes Julia away. Thomas and Julia wave good-bye to one another. Thomas then meets up with Anne in the gardens and explains how four people he loved very much have left his life , which had left him devastated. And goes on to explain that he was afraid to love anyone and then tells her his feelings, they both reconcile and kiss.'] ['Amy is a single 29 year old Jewish woman. She wrote a successful self-help book about how women can\'t truly be in love and experience "mental orgasm". Her parents and acquaintances always try to give her advice. Eventually, she breaks her celibacy and starts dating radio shock jock Matthew Starr, who is known for hitting on his bimbo guests. Of all men, will she find in him the true love she never believed in?'] ['Theater owner and womanizer Martin Cortland  enlists the aid of his manager Robert Curtis  to woo dancer Sheila Winthrop  but is caught by his long-suffering wife Julia , who hints that he\'s gone too far this time and his increasingly unbelievable alibies might soon be judged by "twelve strange men." Robert and Sheila are attracted to one another but Robert is caught in Martin\'s continual attempts to deceive his wife  and Sheila doubts Robert\'s sincerity. Captain Tom Barton ([[John Hubbard , an old friend and potential suitor, invites Sheila and her Aunt Louise  to visit him and his mother  on his Army base. Coincidentally, Curtis is drafted into the Army and posted to the same base under the command of The Top Sergeant , where he quickly befriends fellow draftees Swiv  and Blain . Curtis finds himself imprisoned in the guardhouse, where he encounters the visiting Sheila and quickly spins his own web of lies  in an attempt to impress her and win her heart. He "borrows" a Captain\'s uniform and visits her, where he is introduced as Captain Curtis to several other officers, including Barton and the officer whose coat he was wearing. Sheila takes pity on him and allows him a graceful exit. On his return to the guardhouse he finds his friends also confined for aiding him. Martin appears on the base to produce a show for the enlisted men and  is assigned Curtis as his assistant, who offers Martin the use of his apartment in town and insists that Sheila be included as his partner in the show. However, Martin is now in pursuit of another dancer, Sonya , and has promised the lead to her. Captain Barton learns that he is being transferred to Panama and asks Sheila to marry him and accompany him there. Alarmed, Curtis races to his apartment to retrieve an engraved diamond bracelet that Martin had purchased for Sheila; unknown to him, Martin had arranged to have the bracelet re-engraved for Sonya. Martin sends Sheila to town to bring Robert back before he\'s declared AWOL. In his apartment Robert is startled to find Sonya, who was staying there at the invitation of Martin. Sheila arrives with the MPs on her heels and helps Robert escape, but encounters Sonya and sees her name engraved on the bracelet. She decides to marry Captain Barton and withdraws from the show. Martin\'s ever-suspicious wife arrives and Sonya is forced to leave the show as well, which is canceled for want of a leading lady. Curtis\' friends hold a demonstration to convince Sheila to return to the show. Curtis arranges for a genuine Justice of the Peace to participate in a wedding scene, resulting in  their actual marriage on stage. Martin confesses his machinations to Sheila, who embraces him in relief and calls on her new husband in the guardhouse. The jilted Captain Barton generously arranges for Martin\'s release for his honeymoon; the film ends with Swiv and Blain\'s inept attempt to escape the guardhouse.'] ['Abby Barnes  is a veterinarian who hosts a Los Angeles radio show called The Truth About Cats and Dogs. Abby strikes up an unexpected friendship with her neighbor Noelle Slusarsky , a "traditionally attractive" model who is sweet but not very bright. When Abby makes a blind date with a caller to her show, Brian , her insecurity with her own appearance leads her to persuade Noelle to pretend to be Abby when meeting the date. Unfortunately, both women develop feelings for the man, leading to a comedic series of misunderstandings as the unintended consequences of their deception grow deeper. Brian\'s persistance in pursuing "Abby" is continually thwarted as Noelle alternately eludes him, manoeuvers him toward the real Abby, and  ultimately pursues him herself, only to avoid him again when she reflects on her actions. Abby, disguised as her own fictional assistant, "Donna", hints that it is really she that Brian has intellectually and emotionally connected with over a series of increasingly intimate phone conversations. Brian is convinced that he is having those conversations with Noelle, and fails to consider Abby romantically. Abby accepts this as reinforcement of her negative self-image. Brian, distressed by Noelle\'s changing attitude, corners "Donna" in Abby\'s apartment where he finds evidence of Abby\'s real identity. As Abby and Noelle attempt to explain, Brian becomes convinced that he is the target of a practical joke and leaves in disgust. Days later, Abby approaches Brian at his regular bar and explains what happened, but Brian curtly dismisses her. Weeks later, Brian\'s dog appears at the radio station with a pair of roller skates and instructions for Abby to put them on. When she does so, the dog drags her to an outdoor park where Brian is waiting for her. He explains that Abby and Noelle\'s antics had left him confused, but that it was Abby that he had fallen for during their phone conversations, and that the only reason he was attracted to Noelle was because he thought she was Abby. He suggests they start again, and Abby happily agrees.'] ['Narcissistic gigolo Nikki  lives in Los Angeles, drifting from one relationship to another without a steady job or even a place to live. He preys on women who can provide for him. After meeting Samantha  at a club he moves in with her, using his looks and sexual prowess to keep her happy. Before long, however, Nikki starts cheating on Sam, first with his friend Emily , then with Christina , whom he met at another party. Emily disapproves of Nikki\'s free-wheeling lifestyle and has expressed a desire for a relationship, but Nikki has no real interest in her except for sex. Samantha catches Nikki with Christina, but they come to an uneasy arrangement where she will ignore his infidelity. While Sam is out of town, Nikki meets a waitress named Heather . He enlists his friend Harry  to help him get Heather interested, but she doesn\'t fall for his charms. Although he eventually gets a date with her, she abandons him afterwards. Soon after, Heather unexpectedly shows up in Nikki\'s pool and they end up having sex. However, the next morning Nikki is moving Heather\'s car and realizes it doesn\'t belong to her but to her "boyfriend," after she told him she was single; Nikki throws her out in anger. However, he can\'t stop thinking about her, and his obsession frustrates Samantha to the point that she gets fed up and throws him out. Nikki searches for a place to stay, but he has fallen out with Harry and cannot get into the parties he once did. He runs into Heather at a swanky hotel, and she admits that she was only interested in him for his house, believing him to be rich. It transpires that she is the same as Nikki, scamming rich men for money in the same way he does with women. She lets him move in with her and her stoner room-mate Eva  and they begin dating, though Heather continues to scam and hustle, with some reluctant assistance from Nikki. One day, an upset Heather reveals to Nikki that she just broke up with her fiancé because she\'s in love with him . She further tells him her fiancé\'s family owns the New York Rangers and that he\'s the one who\'s been paying her bills and living expenses. Nikki, who has also fallen in love with Heather, is nonetheless angry that she kept her engagement from him, and leaves the house in a huff. When he returns he only finds a note that says she has left for New York City. At Eva\'s urging and with Harry paying for the airfare, Nikki follows her. He finds her at a plush penthouse and begs her to come back to LA with him. She refuses, telling him she can\'t afford to let him chase his fantasies around while she runs down the funds they would need to live. He then proposes to her, but she tells him that she is already married, breaking his heart. Her husband  returns home and Heather passes Nikki off as a grocery boy. Nikki returns to LA, getting an honest job delivering groceries and living with Harry. He delivers groceries to Samantha\'s house, where they\'re picked up by the kept man who has replaced Nikki. The ending credits show Nikki feeding a mouse to Harry\'s African Bullfrog.'] ['The film is a lighthearted story of four teenage girlfriends of various temperaments who escape from their parents for a few days in 1963 for an adventure in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina where the big spring festival promises a dance contest, beer blasts and lots of cute boys. Phoebe Cates  is engaged to a rich but square young man, Bridget Fonda  fancies herself as a Hollywood sexpot, Page Hannah  wears glasses and is a prim and proper senator\'s daughter, and Annabeth Gish  has recently lost weight but has always been called "Pudge" and suffers from low self-esteem. The trip is spurred by the upcoming marriage of Carson. During their busy weekend at Myrtle Beach, the four find romance, dance up a storm, and make serious life decisions. Their story chronicles their last good-bye to girlhood, and entree into womanhood and focuses on both the girls\' moral quandaries and their budding sexualities.'] ["In a hospital parking lot, Officer Song Yeon-hwa is briefed about Park Pung-shik, an alleged gigolo who preys on rich housewives. One of his latest victims is the police chief's wife, who refuses to testify against him, despite giving him $30,000. Song is told to go undercover as a hospital patient in order to secure evidence leading to his arrest. In the hospital, she finds the mild-mannered Park and talks to him over coffee, where he mentions that he ballroom dances for a living. Song asks him why he came to become a dancer and he starts his story. Years ago, Park was living a life without meaning, despite being married with a baby boy. One day he ran into an old school friend, Song Man-su, by chance and they spent the next few weeks partying every night, to his wife's chagrin. Soon Man-su approached him at his place of work, asking if he could use one of the rooms to teach ballroom dance, openly admitting that he is a gigolo. Park vocally turned him down, but a co-worker ended up giving Man-Su permission. The classes proved to be a great success and Man-su asked Park if he would want to help teach the classes. Initially, Park refused, not wanting to be a part of that world, but eventually he agreed to take a single lesson from Man-su. Upon taking the first step of his jive, Park instantly fell in love with dance. Over the next few days, Park assisted Man-su in his lessons by day, and took additional ones from him at night, his entire life being obsessed with dance. However, this happiness came to an end when Park's office was trashed by a man cuckolded by Man-su. That night, Man-su met Park saying that he would be going to prison for a while, revealing that he doesn't think of dance as art, just as a way of seducing women. Park was inflamed by this and resolved to redeem dance from the image of scumbags like Man-su. Since studios were in scarce, Park left his home, wife, and child in a quest to learn how to dance properly. His teachers included geriatric old man who could barely move unless he was dancing Jive, an alcoholic lighthouse keeper who threw himself into the ocean after he finished teaching Park the waltz, a quickstepping rancher, a steelyard worker who danced the cha-cha-cha, a monk who could paso doble, and a construction worker who taught him the tango. After spending five years across the country, Park finally returned home to his family. Song relays this part of the story to her superior, who is struck by how callous Park must be to abandon his family for five years. However, Song expressed doubt that someone who could pursue dance so earnestly could be a swindler. Back at the hospital, Song asks Park to teach her how to dance. Just like Park, she fell in love with dance with the first step of her jive. For then on, she stalls on getting more testimony from Park, instead taking numerous dance lessons from him. Eventually, the two go out together and he continues his story. Despite his wife growing increasingly angry at him, the only thing on Park's mind was dance. He eventually lowered himself to going to a shady cabaret bar in order to dance. There he met a woman he only referred to as Madame, and they began to waltz together nightly. Park was happy just to be dancing, but Madame wanted more out of the relationship, eventually forcing herself upon him. After that incident, Park cut off all contact with Madame, despite her persistent efforts to get in contact with him. After a few weeks, he decided to meet with her. In order to spare her feelings, Park made up a story about how he couldn't see her because he had to tend to his failing business. This touched her heart and the next day she gave him an envelope of money, which he reluctantly accepts. Following this, Park went through a long string of dancing relationships, each ending similarly, with him receiving an envelope of money. He used this money to provide for his family and his married life seemed to have improved. Man-su caught up with Park once again, telling him even though he was in and out of prison that he heard about Park's exploits, and that he was quickly becoming a legend in the gigolo community. Park was disgusted by being compared to the likes of Man-su, and he angrily maintains that he is not a gigolo. However, this belief was brought into question when he was attacked by the angry husband of one of his former partners. While taking his son to a school recital one day, Park ran into Madame, also taking her child to the recital. After an awkward conversation, Park agreed to have one last waltz with Madame, dancing to the sound of their children singing. Park's wife arrived as they were finishing their dance, and angrily slapped him. Soon after they were divorced. After hearing this part of his story, Song turns on Park calling him a gigolo. As always, Park denies this, but Song leaves all the same. She meets her superior telling him that Park confessed, but she doesn't have it on tape and asking to be removed from the case. Torn between her love of dance and her disgust at Park, she tracks down Man-su asking him where she can find Park. In telling her where he will be, Man-su relays more of Park's story to Song. Shortly after his divorce, Park met woman named Ji-yeon at the cabaret bar and they began dancing rumba together. For the first time, he fell for one of his partners; her soft-spoken purity enraptured him. However, she didn't reciprocate his feelings, eventually falling out of contact with him. When they finally meet again, Ji-yeon told him about how her cafe was on the verge of bankrupt. They met again after this and Park gave her an envelope of money, which she tearfully accepts. As they are on the verge of consummating their relationship, Ji-yeon's brother walked into the room and beats Park so viciously that he ends up in the hospital Song would go undercover in. Even throughout his recuperation, Park went out to the cabaret bar every night hoping to see her again. Man-su found him and told him that Ji-yeon was actually an escort, as famous as Park is in the field. He also told him where she would be that night. Song and Man-su race to the club hopefully before Park does something foolish. However, Park is already there and confronts Ji-yeon who is working another mark. She publicly denies knowing Park, though later she coldly acknowledges him, telling him to stop acting like a kid. This sets him off and he grabs her by the hair intent on harming her. Song arrives just in time and diffuses the situation, however, the police arrive just after. With the chief's wife finally agreeing to testify, they arrest him. Two Years later, ballroom dancing has been legitimized in Korea, rebranding itself as DanceSport. Song now runs a dance studio herself. She manages to find Park, who is living at the lighthouse of his former teacher. Park claims that he no longer dances, but Song reignites his passion with an energetic jive and romantic waltz."] ["Katherine  is an English photographer who, with her husband Patrick , came to live at a coastal town on Rhodes before the tourists discovered it. Their thirteen-year-old daughter Chloe  grew up there, and even though Kath and Patrick have separated, they have both stayed on. He supports himself through his sculpture pieces, which Kath despises, and she, by her photography books featuring antiquities and peasant life, which he finds fuddy-duddy. Kath needs money; her latest book isn't selling. She will be forced to give up her house and leave the island she loves unless she can find a buyer for a vase that was given to her many years earlier by a famous, now elderly art historian, Basil Sharp ([[Sebastian Shaw , who arrives for a visit. Katherine's widowed friend Penelope  regards the tourists as enemies, an army of occupation, and battles with her son Yanni, who appreciates the prosperity the tourists bring. Rick , a practical-minded Englishman, fixes Kath's toilet, and becomes smitten by Kath after she rewards him with a passionate kiss. His wife Carol  occupies herself with Byron's poetry and the tourist-loving Yanni. The group is completed by Konstantinis , a wealthy Greek-American who wants to buy Kath's vase, but needs it to be declared a fake so that he can take it out of Greece."] ['Aditya Kashyap , the son of a recently-deceased famous industrialist, demoralized by his mother\'s public affair and subsequent departure, gets even more depressed after attending the marriage of the woman he loves to another man. Feeling ashamed to face the world, he walks out of the wedding, boards a train at night, and appears on the verge of committing suicide. While on board, he meets Geet Dhillon , a lively and talkative young woman who is leaving Mumbai to go to her hometown, Bhatinda in Punjab. Initially, Aditya finds Geet very irritating, and every meeting becomes mental torture for him. She discloses big plans of eloping with her boyfriend Anshuman , as she fears resentment from her parents. Geet irritates Aditya to the point where he leaves the train. In trying to get him back on the train, she ends up missing it and finds herself stranded on a desolate station, Badnagar, with no luggage or money. She confronts Aditya and tells him that he is now responsible for getting her safely to her house in Punjab. Both of them begin an idyllic journey through the exuberant North Indian heartland, making their way via buses, taxis and camel-carts to reach her house. Through spending so much time with Geet, Aditya begins to feel good about life again. On arrival, Geet\'s family  mistakes the two for lovers, but they quickly assure them that there is nothing of the sort. Aditya tells her family he is a musician to avoid being recognized as the famous industrialist, and her family accepts this. A few days later, Manjeet, an old childhood friend of Geet\'s who wants to marry her, arrives as her suitor. While he is there, Geet leads him to believe that there is something intimate going on between her and Aditya, and successfully dissuades him from following through with the match. Later that night, Geet runs away from her home, along with Aditya, to marry Anshuman in Manali. However, Geet\'s sister sees them running away together and informs the entire family. The two hurriedly make their escape, but this confirms the suspicion in Geet\'s family that they are lovers. The two escape to Manali together, and then part to continue on their separate ways. Upon returning to Mumbai with a new conviction and positive outlook on life because of Geet\'s influence, Aditya guides his company to extreme success. Around nine months later, he launches a new product, a calling card named "Geet", as he has now fallen in love with Geet. Geet’s family sees this launch on TV and runs to Mumbai to meet Aditya. Aditya is shocked to learn that Geet has not returned home. He takes it upon himself to find her and return her to her family. He returns to Manali, where he expects her to be with her new husband. Instead, he finds that Anshuman had turned her out to the streets and refused to marry her. After chastising Anshuman for what he did to her, Aditya leaves and finally tracks Geet down in Shimla, shocked to see what she has become: a quiet, reserved, and miserable schoolteacher. Convincing her to face her circumstances, he manages to bring her back to normal life, and things start to look up for her again. However, Anshuman arrives and tries to patch up their relationship, claiming he realized he was a jerk. Initially, Geet does not want to accept his apology, but Aditya pushes her to be with him, even though he loves her too. All three then travel back to Bhatinda to unite Geet with her family, and to announce that Geet and Anshuman are together. However, upon their arrival, the family again assumes that Geet and Aditya are together and in all the confusion, there is no chance to right the family\'s misconceptions. While trying to clear the misconception, situations make Geet realize that she is in fact in love with Aditya, not Anshuman. She then confesses her love to Aditya, and the couple get married and have two daughters.'] ["Elvira , an attractive but insecure twenty something, joins her sisters Jimena  and Sol  at their mother's house. As they prepare to celebrate their mother Sofía's birthday, their mother —a divorced concert pianist—announces that she's fallen in love, but is interrupted by the doorbell as she describes her new partner. While she goes to get the door, the three sisters gleefully speculate about her new boyfriend. Their joy suddenly gives way to shock though when their mother returns with Eliska , and they realize that their mother is a lesbian. The girls handle the shock in different ways. Elvira confides in her shrink Mazo while Sol composes a song about her mother and her lesbian relationship for her band. While Jimena herself doesn't act out in the same way, her husband is concerned about how his mother-in-law's sexuality affects his image at work. When the girls find out that their mother has given the much younger Eliska a significant amount of money, they become suspicious of Eliska and plot to find a way to get their mother to break up with her."] ['Nino Culotta is an Italian immigrant, newly arrived in Australia. He expected to work for his cousin as a sports writer for an Italian magazine. However on arrival in Sydney Nino discovers that the cousin has abandoned the magazine, leaving a substantial debt to Kay Kelly. Nino declares that he will get a job and pay back the debt. Working as a labourer Nino becomes mates with his co-workers, despite some difficulties with Australian slang and culture of the 1960s. Nino endeavours to understand the aspirational values and social rituals of everyday urban Australians, and assimilate. A romantic attraction builds between Nino and Kay despite her frosty exterior and her conservative Irish father\'s dislike of Italians.{{cite news}} A tone of racism exists in the film between Anglo-Saxon/Anglo-Irish characters such as Kay Kelly\'s dad Harry  and Nino. This is undermined when Nino, sitting in the Kelly house notices a picture of the pope on the wall. Nino says "If I\'m a dago, then he\'s a dago". Realising the impossibility of referring to the pope by that derogatory term, Harry gives in.'] ["Nam is a girl who is secretly attracted to Chon , her senior at school. However, she feels that Shone is too good-looking for her. Nam and her three friends instead turn to the help from the book '9 recipes of love', believed to have a magical power to win affection from the boy of choice. Nam's father works in the States to support his family and promises to Nam and her younger sister that he will send a flight ticket to US to whichever one of them earn the first place in school. Nam misses her father and is determined to study hard to raise her grade. Nam and her friends were denied by the Thai dance club after picking a fight with Faye, a pretty girl at school. They instead joined the English Drama club headed by Teacher Inn, where Nam is chosen to play Snow White in the school drama, Snow White, during the school fair. Shone was also helping the Drama club as a stage painter. After the drama, Nam becomes popular among the boys at school. Nam also tries to change her appearances by wearing contact lens, braces, and whitening her skin. Her look improves dramatically. She is also chosen as a drum major of the school parade, while Shone joined the soccer team as a striker. During the second year of the story, Shone's childhood friend Top joins the school. He immediately likes Nam and some days later he confesses his love to Nam. She is shocked and does not answer to avoid the risk of hurting Shone's best friend, Top. Top takes that as an acceptance. Next morning, Top asks Nam to go to the football match to see Shone play. After the match, Shone told Nam that he is wishing he has a girlfriend, much to Nam's shock. They are interrupted by Top before Nam can say anything back. At the birthday night party of Ake, one of their friends, Top and Shone share their story and say that they promise never to fall in love with the same girl. During a dance Top kisses Nam's cheek. That night, Nam breaks up with him. Top made Shone promise never to pursue Nam. Three years has passed by since the beginning of her story. Nam secures the first position in her exam, which means she will get to stay with her father in the States. Nam and her friend finally realized that the book did not do much help and decides to use the 10th recipe: Direct confession. On the closing of the school year, Nam finally confesses to Shone only to find out that she is too late. Shone's already going out with Pin, his classmate. That night, Shone came home to find out that he is accepted into a trainee program in a professional soccer team, and has to leave for the camp the following morning. He went into his room and take out a diary. That diary contained all of Nam's photos. He always loved her but never got a courage to tell her. Shone leaves his diary in front of Nam's house. Nine years later, Nam is a successful fashion designer who recently came back from the States and is asked to appear in a variety show. Shone is now a professional photographer. In that variety show, Nam and Shone reunite."] ["Nestor Petrovich Severov's ego is wounded by a girl, who has overtaken him in a scientific project. He starts working at a night school, having had his spot at a post-graduate program taken away by the young woman. He soon finds out that teaching adults can be very hard, especially when they aren't willing to learn."] ["Aly Michalka and AJ Michalka star as Taylor and Courtney Callum, two thoroughly spoiled yet well-intentioned sisters whose widower father, Reed Callum ([[Jack Coleman , owns Callum Dairy. Taylor has just gotten her license, after almost failing it at the beginning of the movie. But then their lives turn upside down. One day they leave the house to depart for a shopping trip, but leave a towel on the stove, starting a house fire. Shocked by their carelessness, and deciding the girls should start making their own cash, Reed puts them to work at the dairy to show them responsibility about running a business. Their dad goes out of town, looking for a rare butterfly to add to his collection. This leaves the girls to look after the dairy. When the girls start working at the dairy, they are at their worst nightmare. They mess up almost every step of the way, such as tripping and splashing blueberries on themselves, and then dropping Courtney's cell phone into one of the full yogurt cups. All the employees think they are stuck-up and don't believe that they can do their job. Soon after they start working there and doing their jobs better, someone steals all the money out of the businesses' bank account. It is then up to the girls to come up with a plan to save the dairy, and the jobs of those who are working, but no one believes in them. Taylor has changed her nature and asks Courtney if she can use her party money to pay for the employees' paychecks, or else they will leave Callum Dairy. Taylor and Courtney are at a meeting with the othe employes when Taylor tricks Courtney into leaving to get her cell phone, she says that she will get the money, but still no one believes her. Without consulting Courtney, Taylor uses her party money for the employees, thus causing a very big fight between the two of them. Courtney ignores Taylor in every possible way. They have a fight at work when Courtney is putting in the numbers for the expiry dates. Even though they have the money to pay the employers' paychecks, money still goes missing, but they have worst problems. Their milk is going bad. Just when things are about to go sour , Reed comes back along with volunteers as they managed to pull through the evening."] ["An American girl finds love and laughter in the City of Light in this romantic comedy. Maggie Scott  works as an assistant to Irene Chase , a fashion purchaser for a large clothing store in the United States. Irene sends Maggie to Paris as her representative for the annual fashion shows of the major European designers, but Irene has an ulterior motive, as her son Ted Barclay  is infatuated with Maggie and she wants to keep him away from her. While in Paris, Maggie strikes up a romance with Marc Fontaine , a handsome Frenchman and famous fashion designer who was once Irene's boyfriend. However, Maggie is also being pursued by American reporter based in Paris, Herb Stone . To add to the confusion, Ted decides to fly to Paris in an effort to win Maggie's heart once and for all."] ["While filming on location at a race track, womanizing bit actor Spencer Holden, who lives life on one scam after another, overhears a couple of inept thugs named Binky and Turnip while they dope a race horse with a supposed undetectable super stimulant. The thugs find out that Spence overheard them and will do anything to catch him so that he won't go to the authorities with the information. Spence, however, enlists the help of his best friend, drive-in carhop and aspiring restaurateur Dennis Powell, to bet on the race with that horse so that they can make some guaranteed money. Spence and Dennis end up not only having to outrun the thugs, who manage to put a few bullet holes in Spence's car, but also the police after they find Spence's bullet riddled car and after the race horse, Sorry Sue, ends up dying from the drugs. Throw into the mix an antique player piano of which Dennis comes into possession, sympathetic but naive auction house employee Ellen Frankenthaler who is attracted to Dennis, and exotically beautiful Claudia Pazzo who is interested in buying the piano and who Spence can't resist, and Spence and Dennis may be in more trouble than they could have imagined."] ["* 1971: Arnold , a New York female impersonator, meets Ed , a bisexual schoolteacher, and they fall in love. Ed, however, is uncomfortable with his sexuality and he leaves Arnold for a girlfriend, Laurel. * 1973-79: During Christmas, Arnold meets the love of his life, a male model named Alan . They settle down together, later spending a weekend with Ed and Laurel in the country, where their relationship is tested but endures. Eventually, they apply to foster a child together with a view to adoption, and their application is eventually successful and so they move to a bigger apartment. However, on their first night at their new home, Alan is killed in a homophobic attack. * 1980: Months later, in the spring of 1980, Arnold's mother  comes to visit from Florida, but her visit leads to a long-overdue confrontation. Arnold's mother disapproves of Arnold's homosexuality and his planned adoption of a gay teenage son, David , as well as Arnold's use of their family burial plot for Alan. They have a series of arguments where Arnold demands that she accept him for who he is, insisting that if she can't then she has no place in his life. The following morning, before she returns to Florida, they have a conversation where, for the first time, they seem to understand each other. With both David and Ed  in his life, and a successful new career creating his own stage revue, Arnold's life is finally complete."] ['As a clairvoyant, Marina awaits signs from beyond that her true love, whoever he may be, is waiting for her, somewhere. When New York butcher Leo Lemke shows up on the tiny North Carolina island of Okracoke, where Marina lives, she is convinced that he is the man predestined to be her husband. After the wedding, Marina moves into Leo\'s blue-collar neighborhood, where she successfully commiserates with such eccentrics as withdrawn teenager Eugene, frustrated singer Stella Keefover, unlucky-in-love actress Robyn Graves, over analytical psychiatrist Dr. Alex Tremor, and frustrated dress shop clerk Grace. As Marina helpfully tries to chart the destinies of her new friends, she fails to notice that Leo is falling in love with Stella. Though there are many traumatic detours along the way, Marina\'s psychic talents have very positive effects on at least one of the characters, Doc Tremor, who is falling in love with her. During their meetings, Doc Tremor begins to speak of Plato\'s theory of love and the notion of man and woman as "split-apart" halves of one whole being. He says of the notion, "It\'s a corruption [of Plato\'s actual theory], but it\'s Plato nonetheless."'] ['When a visiting American senator decides to make Paris off-limits to rowdy military personnel, the daughter of the Ambassador to France decides to show him that American servicemen can be gentlemen by dating one of them without revealing her lofty social status.'] ["Living in Manhattan, Peter Wilson  is a sarcastic near-sighted cartoonist, author and swinging bachelor. He detests dogs and children. Although he also disagrees with many values of women, Peter is a commitment-phobe as he much prefers women who come and go very briefly in his life. At the office of his eye surgeon, Peter bumps into a leggy eye-catching brunette named Theresa 'Terri' Kozlenko . He likes her very much but he doesn't immediately realise that she is a single mother to three children with a scowling dog until she invites him back to her flat. They build up a close relationship that shows they are a perfect match as Terri becomes the only woman prepared to put up with Peter's strong views day-by-day. Their relationship soon becomes more passionate . When she rejects his idea of living a life of purely sleeping together only at his bachelor pad , he reluctantly proposes to her and eventually moves in with her at her flat. They get married but then her rogue ex-husband Stephen Kozlenko  appears on the scene to spend more time with their children. Stephen and Peter clash at first but they soon become good drinking friends, much to the disapproval of Terri. Peter's eyesight gradually gets more worse over time and his once-popular work as a cartoonist begins to receive criticism from his bumbling boss Howard Mann . A serious operation to possibly cure Peter's problem arises, in which he tries to keep a secret from Terri so as to not worry her but a very upset Howard gets hysterical and therefore ruins Peter's attempts to make up a story about working away from home on a book. Terri then tells him that she knew all along that Peter was really going blind from the first day she met him."] ['Just as they are about to take a group of underprivileged children on a riverboat ride and picnic, Deborah Bishop , Rita Phipps , and Lora Mae Hollingsway  receive a message from Addie Ross informing them that she has run off with one of their husbands. She, however, leaves them in suspense as to which one. All three marriages are shown in flashback to be strained. Deborah grew up on a farm. Her first experience with the outside world came when she joined the Navy WAVES during World War II, where she met her future husband Brad . When they return to civilian life, Deborah is ill at ease in Brad\'s upper class social circle. Adding to her insecurity, she learns that everyone expected Brad to marry Addie, whom all three husbands consider practically a goddess. However, she is comforted by Brad\'s friend Rita, a career woman who writes stories for sappy radio soap operas. Her husband George , a school-teacher, feels somewhat emasculated since she earns much more money. He is also disappointed that his wife constantly gives in to the demands of her boss, Mrs. Manleigh . Rita\'s flashback is to a dinner party she gave for her boss. She forgot that her husband\'s birthday was that night, and only remembered when a birthday present, a rare Brahms recording, arrived from Addie Ross. Lora Mae grew up poor, not just on the "wrong side of the tracks", but literally next to the railroad tracks.  She sets her sights on her older, divorced employer, Porter ([[Paul Douglas , the wealthy owner of a statewide chain of department stores. Her mother, Ruby Finney , is unsure what to think of her daughter\'s ambition, but Ruby\'s friend  Sadie  approves. Matters come to a head when she sees a picture of Addie Ross on the piano in his home. She tells him she wants her picture on a piano: her own piano in her own home. He tells her he isn\'t interested in marriage, and she breaks off their romance. However, he loves her too much, and finally gives in and proposes, skipping a New Year\'s party at Addie\'s house to do so. When the women return from the picnic, Rita is overjoyed to find her husband at home. They work out their issues; she promises to not let herself be pushed around by Mrs. Manleigh. Deborah\'s houseman gives her a message stating that Brad will not be coming home that night. A heartbroken Deborah goes alone to the dance with the other two couples. When Porter complains about his wife dancing with another man, she tells him he has no idea how much Lora Mae really loves him, but Porter is certain his wife only sees him as a "cash register". Unable to take it anymore, Deborah gets up to leave, announcing that Brad has run off with Addie. Porter stops her, confessing it was he who started to run away with Addie, but then explains, "A man can change his mind, can\'t he?" Porter then tells his wife that, with his admission in front of witnesses, she can divorce him and get what she wants. To his shock, Lora Mae claims she did not hear a word he said. He asks her to dance. The voice of Addie Ross bids all a good night. In the film, she is shown only once and from behind.'] ["Child psychologist Samuel Faulkner's  ideal romance with ballet teacher Rebecca Taylor  is turned upside-down when Rebecca gets pregnant. His fears mount due to his encounters with overbearing couple Marty ([[Tom Arnold  & Gail  and their unruly daughters, as well as the confusing advice he gets from his perpetually single artist friend . Too uninvolved with Rebecca's needs, Samuel parts company with her and takes a last stab at playing the field, but when he sees an ultrasound of his soon-to-be-born son, he decides that it's time to take responsibility before it's too late. Robin Williams, as Rebecca's Russian OB-GYN, adds much of the comic relief in the film."] ["Oskar , a popular TV weather forecaster, suddenly wakes up to an altered sense of identity: rather than belonging to easygoing wife Zuzana , he feels he ought to belong to the whole wide world – hence the national embarrassment. His first entanglement is with babysitter Kocicka , a lean teenybopper who's more attached to her pet turtle than her older lover – at least until he accidentally smothers it in the dryer. Next in line is mature pop icon Nora , who's about to teach him a thing or two about freedom: the more people you let in, the more alone you end up feeling."] ["The film is centred around the life of Kate Swallow and her susceptibility for falling in love with different men. At the beginning of the film she is in love with a famous writer named Alec Bolton, who dismisses any intentions she has of writing a novel herself as nonsense, strongly discouraging her. Later falls in love with a man named Vanni Corso who is the publisher of the firm for which Alec writes books, and she leaves Alec for Vanni. Kate later finds out that Vanni also doesn't think highly of her writing abilities yet he had strung her along. Gradually both men change their attitudes as they vainly struggle to win her affections. Walken has a scene where he is able to perform his trademark tango routine."] ["It is a story of love over the most banal situations between Halvard  and Pollux . Halvard is completely in love with the beautiful Pollux. She is the woman of his life. Even when she disappears, Halvard doesn't get the idea of standing shoulder to shoulder out of his head. But the disappearance creates problems of its own."] ['Sarah Nolan, a 40-year-old divorced preschool teacher, is urged by her family to date more. Although they show her photos of men they want to set her up with, Sarah does not seem interested in pursuing any relationships. Jake Anderson, another recent divorcee, finds himself in a similar position; his lawyer, Charlie, wants to set him up with a woman named Sherry. However, Jake would rather focus on creating his handcrafted boats. Sarah\'s sister Carol visits and they discuss Bob Connor, a parent from school. Sarah is attracted to him but does not want anything complicated. Carol reveals she set up an ad for Sarah on an online dating site using a picture from Sarah\'s high school graduation. The description declares she is voluptuous and that her dates "must love dogs" (Sarah is currently caring for her brother Michael\'s [[Newfoundland_. Sarah proceeds to suffer through several disastrous dates with men who cannot stop crying, are criminal, or like girls who are barely legal. Jake is confronted by Sherry at an art gallery; she is curious why he did not call her, but again Jake does not seem interested. Charlie then hands him a printout of Sarah\'s dating profile and tells Jake he has a date with her the next day at a dog park. The date proves to be awkward: Jake shows up with a borrowed terrier and offends Sarah when he begins to analyze her profile. Even worse, he reveals that the dog is not really his. When she accuses him of being deceptive he points out that the requirement was "Must love dogs," not "Must own a dog." Sarah leaves abruptly but agrees to see him again. Sarah and Jake go on a dinner date where he asks her why she is not with her husband anymore. She explains that he just stopped loving her and that he was never ready to have children. Sarah acknowledges that her ex-husband is now with a woman fifteen years younger than her with a baby on the way. The date progresses back to Sarah\'s house where they discover that neither has a condom. They hastily drive around but when they finally find protection neither of them is in the mood. Jake and Charlie are discussing Sarah when he admits that she intrigued him. That night, Jake tries to call Sarah. Meanwhile Sarah has connected with Bob Connor. She checks to see if Bob is home but discovers he is with June, one of her co-workers. Sarah assumes they are on a date, and while fleeing the scene she drops her phone. Sarah arrives home to find her brother Michael, who is drunkenly dealing with his own marital problems, and Jake, who has been taking care of him. Jake takes Sarah rowing and they share a kiss. Afterward he takes Michael home while Sarah lights candles and sets the mood. But Bob shows up instead of Jake. He returns her phone, explains that he and June are not involved, and then kisses Sarah just as Jake gets back. Jake leaves, upset. Around Thanksgiving Sarah calls Bob and they go to a hotel and have sex. In the morning Bob is rude to Sarah and during the drive home admits he has actually slept with June and sees Sarah as a one-time fling. Meanwhile, Jake is talked into taking Sherry to see Doctor Zhivago. Sarah notices Jake leaving the theater afterward, but while discussing the film with him she notices Sherry and realizes the two of them are on a date. Sarah flees again, and when Sherry asks Jake up to her apartment, he declines and instead walks home. Jake runs into a man named Bill outside a coffee shop, not realizing that this man is Sarah\'s father. When Jake confesses that he is heartbroken, Bill mentions that he has a daughter who is single but Jake declines. While drinking coffee with Sarah later, Bill quotes something that Jake said to him and Sarah realizes that Jake was talking about her. She heads over to Jake\'s with Mother Teresa, but he is out on the lake with his boat. When Jake can\'t hear her yelling from the shore she convinces a girls crew team to take her out to him. Eventually she dives in and swims over to his boat. After climbing in Sarah tells Jake how she feels about him and they kiss. Later, when telling the story of how they met, they mention in unison that they found each other at a dog park.'] ['British newlywed Regina Lambert lives in Paris with her husband, Charlie. She returns home following a short vacation, determined to divorce Charlie, only to discover their apartment has been stripped bare and that her husband has been murdered. Regina is soon reunited with a mysterious stranger she met on her holiday. He helps her piece together the truth about the deceased Charlie and deal with three menacing people who are now following her.'] ['Leslie Steele , a guest at a costume party is forced to stay overnight in a hotel because of a particularly bad London fog. As there are no rooms available, Steele talks her way into sharing a suite with Everard Logan , a handsome but somewhat stiff lawyer. They spend the night together, quite chastely, but Logan becomes convinced that Leslie must be married. His conviction is confirmed when an old school friend, Lord Mere  arrives and asks Everard to represent him in a divorce case against his wife, Lady Claire .'] ["Kate Tosconi is a journalist in her early 20s working in Chicago for a women's magazine called Contemporary Woman Magazine. Having a special interest for trains, she is enthusiastic to do an article on rail transport. However, her boss Dottie Birmington only allows her to do the piece if she also does an article on mail-order brides. She reluctantly places an advertisement, which is responded by Robert Fitzgerald. Robert is a successful business man in L.A. who constantly competes with his business partner Joe Kimbel. For his latest bet, Robert is challenged to take in a mail-order bride and not have sex with her for two weeks. Soon, Kate packs her bags and travels to Los Angeles, where she takes an immediate interest in Robert. She notices that he is a nice guy and feels guilty about using him for an article. They eventually fall in love with each other and Kate cancels the article. While drunk one night, Robert is taken home by Kate. She attempts to seduce him, but he falls asleep. The next day, she jokes about having had sex with him. Robert, thinking he has lost the bet, admits to the whole truth. Kate is furious about having been a part of a bet and refuses to believe his claims that he has fallen in love with her in the meantime. She immediately returns home and writes an offensive article on Robert. When he reads the article, he is outraged and sues her for libel. In court, they are initially mad at each other, but they soon realize they still love each other. Robert wins the case, after which Kate has to give him a written apology. After doing this, she returns home. Robert, however, is encouraged by Kate's father to go after her and he is able to climb on the train. In the end, they kiss each other."] ['Viola  and Sebastian  are young twins and entertainers who use their likeness to tease their audiences. During a journey by sea, they are caught in a storm, shipwrecked and separated. Viola and other survivors end up on the shore of Illyria. A devastated Viola believes her brother dead. She later takes his appearance in order to join the court of the local Duke Orsino . Viola becomes a page, using the name "Cesario". Orsino is madly in love with the lady Olivia , who is in mourning due to her brother\'s recent death. She uses the tragedy as an excuse to avoid seeing the Duke, whom she does not love. He sends "Cesario" to do his wooing and Olivia falls in love with the messenger, unaware of "Cesario"\'s real gender. Realising Olivia\'s feelings for her alter ego, Viola is caught in even more of quandary in that she is in love with Orsino. Meanwhile, elements of Olivia\'s household plot against her pompous steward Malvolio  by tricking him into believing that Olivia loves him.  His attempts to woo her, however, are met with bewilderment by Olivia who has him committed, where he is subjected to further humiliations by Maria , Feste  and Sir Toby Belch . Sir Toby, Olivia\'s uncle and a notorious drunk, is also trying to encourage his friend, the idiotic Sir Andrew Aguecheek  to court Olivia, but she purposely ignores him. Sir Toby pushes Sir Andrew into challenging "Cesario" to a duel, which goes very badly for Aguecheek. Furthermore, Viola\'s twin, Sebastian, has in fact survived the wreck and has also arrived in Illyria, accompanied by Antonio , who saved him from drowning. Antonio, who has "many enemies in Orsino\'s court", is forced to flee when he is recognised and comes across "Cesario", whom he mistakes for Sebastian, and is outraged when "Cesario" fails to help him out. Arriving at her estate, Sebastian meets Olivia, who, mistaking him for "Cesario", talks him into marrying her. When he learns of this, Orsino is furious and dismisses his page, whom he had made a friend and confidante. However, the matter is soon cleared up when Sebastian and "Cesario" come face-to-face and the latter reveals her real nature and identity of Viola. Orsino marries Viola. The film ends with both couples holding a party to celebrate their marriages, while the supporting players, including the humiliated Sir Andrew and Malvolio, leave the estate their heads held high and Feste sings his song, "The Wind and the Rain".'] ['A daytime soap opera star has to deal with his sexist ideas when he falls for his new co-star, a woman who seemingly follows his manly ideas about dating.'] ['Akeem Joffer , the prince and heir to the throne of a fictitious, wealthy African country called Zamunda, is discontented with being pampered all his life. The final straw comes when his parents, King Jaffe Joffer  and Queen Aeoleon , present him with a bride-to-be, Imani Izzi , whom he has never met and who is trained to obey his every command. Seeing that Imani is too subservient and offers nothing for his intellect, Akeem concocts a plan to travel to the United States to find an independent-minded wife he can both love and respect and who accepts him for himself, not his status. He and his friend and personal aide, Semmi  arrive in Queens, a borough of New York City, because according to Akeem, "What better place to find a queen than the city of Queens?" They rent a run-down apartment in the neighborhood of Long Island City and begin working at a local fast food restaurant called McDowell\'s , passing themselves off as poor foreign students. Akeem falls in love with McDowell\'s daughter, Lisa , who possesses the qualities the prince is looking for. The rest of the film centers on Akeem\'s attempts to win Lisa\'s hand in marriage, which is complicated by her obnoxious and lazy boyfriend Darrell . Although Akeem thrives on working hard and seeing how commoners live, Semmi is not comfortable with the life of a poor man. When Akeem donates their travel money  after Semmi nearly blows their cover, Semmi transmits a plea to King Joffer for more financial help. This causes the Zamundan royal couple to travel to the United States and reveal themselves to the McDowells. Although her father is ecstatic that his daughter has attracted the interest of a prince, Lisa, who has fallen for Akeem, becomes angry and confused as to why he lied to her about his identity, as he tried to convince Lisa he was a simple goat herder from Zamunda, not the prince. She refuses to marry Akeem even after he offers to renounce his throne, and he returns to Zamunda with a broken heart, resigned to marry the woman chosen for him by his parents. On the way to the airport, King Joffe remarks that Akeem cannot marry Lisa anyway because of "tradition," and defending himself by saying "Who am I to change it?" Queen Aoleon responds curtly, "I thought you were the King." At the final scene\'s wedding procession, Akeem waits dejectedly at the altar as his bride-to-be makes her way down the aisle, but when he lifts the veil to kiss her, he finds Lisa instead of his arranged bride. They ride off happily in a carriage after the ceremony to the cheers of Zamundans. Witnessing such splendor, Lisa is impressed that Akeem would have given it up just for her. Akeem proposes that he can make his abdication official, but Lisa playfully declines and decides to become a royal instead.'] 