['Young D.A. Louie Jeffries is hit by a car and dies in 1964, but manages to slip by the pearly gates and is instantly reborn. In 1987, 23 years later, his widow Corinne still misses him, ignoring the frustrated devotion of his best friend Phillip Train, who has pretty much raised his only daughter Miranda as his own. Miranda, while a student at Yale University meets Alex Finch, who works in the library but is about to graduate. After graduation, Alex schemes his way into the office of newspaper editor Ben Bradlee, at which time he meets Phillip, a journalist at Bradlee\'s newspaper. When Phillip brings Alex to meet the Jeffries family, Alex quickly realizes he is in fact Corinne\'s dead husband reborn. His memories of his life as Louie return just as Alex begins a romantic involvement with Louie\'s  daughter Miranda. Instead, Louie then spurns his daughter\'s advances and begins romancing his widow Corinne, frustrating Phillip\'s attempts to court Corinne, and resulting in a number of comic mixups. Soon, however, Alex/Louie realizes Phillip and Corinne should be together and arranges things so they can realize their love and he can get out of their way. Alex/Louie bursts into the courtroom accusing the judge of accepting a bribe  and tells where the camera with the pictures of the judge are. Alex falls down the stairs, hits his head, and ends up in the hospital. While unconscious, Alex is administered a special injecton he should have received at the pearly gates 23 years previous, to make him forget his past life as Louie. When he wakes, he tells Miranda that the last thing he remembers is them kissing in the corner of the refrigerator. He happily resumes romantic interest in Miranda, which she gladly accepts, having never been informed of his other identity by anyone. Newspaper headlines show the judge charged with accepting the bribe. Alex accepts a job offer as a reporter. His and Miranda\'s relationship continues with Phillip and Corinne\'s full knowledge and approval, although neither of them has forgotten "Louie" lives on in Alex.'] ["An angel wonders if love can be Heaven on Earth in this family-themed romantic fantasy. Rev. Henry Biggs  is the pastor of a struggling Baptist church in a poor section of New York City. Biggs is devoted to serving his flock and his community, but things are not easy; membership is down, money is tight, the furnace is broken, and real estate mogul Joe Hamilton  wants to buy the property and put up condominiums. The strain is taking its toll on Biggs' marriage to his childhood sweetheart Julia , and in a moment of desperation, he prays to the Lord for help. The prayer is answered in the form of Dudley , an angel sent to earth to assist Biggs. The preacher doesn't believe that Dudley is a divine being, but he'll take any help he can get, while Julia, who thinks that Dudley is just another community volunteer, welcomes him into their home. However, Dudley is sidetracked in his earthly mission when he finds himself falling in love with Julia."] ['Launched in 1977, the Voyager 2 space probe carried a gold phonographic disk with a message of peace, inviting visitors to visit planet Earth. The Voyager 2 probe is intercepted by an alien ship. Responding to the invitation, they send a small scout vessel to establish first contact with Earth. But, instead of greeting the craft, the government shoots the alien down. Crashing in Chequamegon Bay, Wisconsin, the alien, looking like a blue ball of energy, finds the home of recently widowed Jenny Hayden . While there, the alien uses a lock of hair from her deceased husband Scott to clone a new body which a stunned Jenny witnesses. The starman  has seven small silver spheres which provide energy to perform miraculous feats. He uses the first to send a message about his craft being destroyed and that the environment is hostile. He plans to rendezvous with them at "landing area one" in three days. He then uses the second sphere to create a holographic map of the United States, coercing Jenny into taking him to Arizona. As the shock wears off, Jenny turns both hostile and frightened of him. After repeatedly attempting to escape, she finally implores the Starman to shoot her with her pistol. But instead, he releases the pistol\'s magazine and tells her he means no harm. As they continue on their journey, the Starman, who had a rough understanding of English syntax from the Voyager 2 disk, learns to communicate with Jenny and Jenny teaches him that humanity is not completely savage. He explains to Jenny that he has three days to get to the rendezvous point, Arizona\'s Barringer Crater, or he will die. She teaches him how to drive a car and use credit cards, intending on escaping so he can continue his journey alone. However, as she is about to make her escape, she witnesses him miraculously resurrect a dead deer. Deeply moved, she resolves to help him at whatever cost. Along the way, the couple is pursued by the United States Army who investigated the crash. The contingent is led by cold-blooded NSA chief George Fox  who is reluctantly assisted by civilian SETI scientist Mark Shermin . After finding the Voyager 2 phonographic disk in the Starman\'s ship, Shermin understands that Earth invited the Starman to visit in peace. Shermin later determines that the alien had taken the appearance of the deceased Scott Hayden. While staying at a motel, Jenny and the Starman learn that they have been surrounded by the police, who are holding position until the federal government arrives. Employing a distraction, the two fugitives escape, but one of the officers shoots Jenny, critically wounding her. During the escape, the Starman crashes the car into a gas tanker and uses a sphere to protect the two of them from the explosion. They escape the area by taking refuge a mobile home that is being towed. The Starman, down to his last two silver spheres, uses one to heal Jenny. Fearing for her safety, he leaves her and travels to the meteor crater alone. Jenny catches up to him and they continue their journey together. While stowing away on a boxcar, the couple make love. Later that night, the Starman tells Jenny "I gave you a baby tonight." Jenny attempts to explain to him that she is infertile, and cannot conceive a child, but the Starman insists, saying, "Believe what I tell you." He explains to the stunned Jenny that the baby will be the son of her dead husband, because he is a clone of Scott. He also explains that he will know all that the Starman knows and when he grows up he will become a teacher. He tells her that he will stop the gestation from going further if she wishes, but the joyful Jenny embraces him, accepting the gift. The couple mistakenly travel too far on the train and arrive in Las Vegas. To make matters worse, Jenny has lost her wallet. The Starman uses one of their last quarters in a slot machine, which he manipulates in order to win the jackpot. The couple use their winnings to buy a new car to complete the drive to Winslow, Arizona, which is near Barringer Crater. Meanwhile, Fox hears from NORAD that the Starman\'s trajectory, prior to it being shot down, was to Barringer Crater. He figures out that the Starman would show up there in the next day or so. Near the end of the journey, the Starman and Jenny are confronted in a cafe in Winslow, where Mark Shermin interviews the dying alien. The Starman explains to him that his people had previously visited Earth, and are interested in humans, because out of all the many savage intelligent races in the universe, humans are at their best when things are at their worst. At this point, Shermin allows the Starman and Jenny to leave, risking his own career. The couple reach the crater as Army helicopters buzz them. Suddenly, a large, spherical landing craft appears and descends into the crater. Light surrounds the couple, and the Starman is instantly restored to health. He tells Jenny he will never see her again. Jenny confesses her love and begs him to take her with him, but he says she would die on his world. He then gives her his last silver sphere, telling her that her son will know what to do with it. As she watches in silence, the ship rises, carrying the Starman away.'] ["This is a musical twist on the classic love story of Cinderella and Prince Charming. Prince Edward of Euphrania returns home after being sent to meet the princess Selena, whom his parents have arranged for him to marry. However, The Prince reveals he did not propose to the princess he was visiting, and angrily denounces arranged marriages . Edward decides to tell his parents that he wants to marry for love. They, however, are more interested in the political side, . They fail to sway the prince, however. Meanwhile, Cinderella, on the same day that her father was buried, is banished to the cellar and made to work as a servant to her cold-hearted Stepmother and her two vindictive daughters, Isabella and Palatine who treat her harshly and cruelly. Cinderella finds some comfort in remembering happier times . Whilst putting flowers by her parents' grave, she inadvertently stumbles upon the prince, and his friend John, who are visiting the crypt. The Prince sardonically talks about his dead ancestors, with whom he will one day be buried, . Back at the castle, the King of Euphrania is advised that a marriage between Edward and a Princess from one of Euphrania's neighboring countries  would help prevent war. A ball is seen as the perfect way to help Edward choose his bride, . The Prince hates the idea, though his cousin Montague is delighted, . When news arrives that the country which is home to the princess Edward has declined to marry intends to make war on Euphrania, Edward has no choice but to accept. However, less than half the princesses accept the invitation, so the local nobility, including Cinderella's Stepmother and Stepsisters, are invited. The Stepmother and Stepsisters demand that Cinderella sew all three of them elegant gowns for the ball from the fabric of their old dresses. Cinderella has no idea what to do. As luck would have it a fairy godmother, who has a talent for sensing the wishes of those who are pure in heart, arrives and while Cinderella rests, creates three beautiful gowns. That night, the Stepmother and Stepsisters depart for the ball leaving Cinderella alone. Cinderella's Fairy Godmother returns and informs Cinderella that she too can go to the ball. A coach and horses are magically prepared and Cinderella is sent off to the ball with a warning that the magic can only last until midnight, . It is love at first sight when Cinderella and Edward meet at the ball, . As the clock strikes midnight, Cinderella races away, leaving only behind her glass slipper, . Edward sends his servants out far and wide in search of the woman who fits the glass slipper. The search turns out empty-handed. Edward builds a monument for the slipper and hopes that one day his lost love will turn up. John is also suffering as a result of love- he is in love with a noblewoman, but his position forbids them to be together, . Finally, frustrated by his fruitless search, Edward breaks the monument, tossing the slipper into the woods where Cinderella finds it. Cinderella and Edward meet again and head back to the castle. They are greeted by the Stepmother and Stepsisters. Edward asks the permission of the Stepmother to marry Cinderella and she gives full permission, if only to get Cinderella off her hands. Cinderella tells her Stepmother and Stepsisters that she forgives them for their abuse. In the Throne Room, Edward and Cinderella go before the King and Queen. Whilst the King and Queen find Cinderella to be charming, something seems to be troubling the King. He takes the Lord Chamberlain aside and tells him that there is no way his son and Cinderella, a non-royal, can be married. The Lord Chamberlain conveys this to Cinderella, explaining also that a military alliance through marriage must be established with one of the neighboring kingdoms in order to protect against war and to secure the safety and future existence of Euphrania. Along with this disheartening news it is also explained that she will have to be exiled that very night. Brokenhearted, Cinderella asks the Lord Chamberlain to tell Edward that she never loved him, because she knows that Edward will try and find her because of his love for her, . Edward, knowing he's fighting a losing battle, agrees to marry whomever the King and Queen choose, but says that his marital duties will go no further than the altar. Cinderella, living peacefully in exile, still thinks of Edward, . Her Fairy Godmother arrives and asks Cinderella why she isn't at the castle as Edward is getting married that day. Cinderella, surprised, asks who Edward is marrying. The Fairy Godmother doesn't know but plans to set things right. Back at the Castle, as the wedding is taking place, everyone is surprised when Cinderella shows up in a wedding gown. The King interrupts the wedding and he and his council meet in private. The fairy godmother joins the discussion and convinces the king to change the law, so that Edward can marry the girl of his choice. In a surprising twist, brought about by the Fairy Godmother's magic, Edward's cousin and his chosen bride fall in love at first sight, and marry, thus fulfilling the alliance after all. Cinderella and Edward live happily ever after."] ['Billionaire media mogul William "Bill" Parrish  is considering a merger between his company and another media giant, while also about to celebrate his 65th birthday with an elaborate party being planned by his eldest daughter Allison . He begins to hear mysterious voices, which he tries with increasing difficulty to ignore. His youngest daughter Susan , an internal medicine resident, is involved with one of Bill\'s board members, Drew . She is considering marriage, but her father is not favorably impressed by her relationship. When she asks for the short version of his impassioned speech, he simply says, "Stay open. Who knows? Lightning could strike!" Shortly thereafter, Susan meets a vibrant young man  at a coffee shop. She is instantly enamored but fails to even get his name. Minutes after their encounter , the man is struck by multiple cars in what appears to be a remarkably serious motor vehicle accident. The grim reaper of Death arrives at Bill\'s home in the body of the young man, explaining that Bill\'s impassioned speech has piqued his interest after an eternity of boredom. Given Bill\'s "competence, experience, and wisdom," Death tells Bill that in return for a few extra days of life, Bill shall be his guide on Earth. Bill agrees, and Death places himself at Bill\'s right hand as "Joe Black" and establishes a constant presence in Bill\'s home and work. Susan finds Joe appealing, but cannot understand why he is treating her like a stranger. Bill\'s best efforts to navigate the next few days — knowing them now to be his last — fail to keep events from going rapidly out of his control. Drew is secretly conspiring with a man bidding for Parrish Communications, so he capitalizes on Bill\'s strange behavior to convince the board to vote him out as Chairman, using information given to him inadvertently by Bill\'s son-in-law Quince  to push through approval for the merger which Bill had decided to oppose. Quince is devastated by what happens to Bill as all but one other member of the board vote him out. Susan falls deeply in love with Joe, who, now under the influence of human desires, becomes attracted to her as well. Bill angrily confronts him about it, but Death intends to take Susan with him for his own. As his last birthday arrives, Bill makes a last attempt to demonstrate to Joe the meaning of true love and all it encompasses — especially honesty and sacrifice. Realizing finally that love means having to sacrifice his desire to take Susan so that she can live her life, he abandons his plans to take her. He also comes to Bill\'s assistance in regaining control of his company, exposing Drew\'s underhanded business dealings to the board by "revealing" himself as an agent of the Internal Revenue Service and threatening to put Drew in jail. Bill devotes his remaining time at the party to Allison and Susan. Joe also says his last goodbye to Susan, admitting in veiled terms that he isn\'t what he appears to be. She senses something of the truth behind his words but is unable or unwilling to vocalize this realization. While a fireworks show marks the end of the party, Joe escorts Bill away, with Susan observing from a distance. She then is astonished to see Joe return, at first confused as to whether it\'s in fact the young man she met at the coffee shop. The young man, unaware of what events have transpired from the time of his death until his return, approaches Susan. Susan, somewhat caught off guard by the happenings, questions the young man with, "What do we do now?" to which the young man replies, "It will come to us." After leaving the coffee shop at the beginning of the film, the young man quoted her father saying "Lightning could strike,"'] ['Warring Capulets and Montagues, portrayed as white  and brown  colored sea lions respectively, have their feud watched sadly by Capulet\'s only daughter, Juliet. A fight on the shore is ended when the Prince, a large and monstrous elephant seal, appears and warns the two groups that should there be any more disturbance, the seal who caused it shall be exiled to Shark Island, a fin shaped rock where a shark lives. Romeo, Montague\'s only son, is depressed, wishing to fall in love with someone. His humorous friend Mercutio urges him and another of his friends, Benvolio, to go to a Capulet party later that evening. They attend the party, covered in white sand to look like a Capulet, but not before Romeo falls in love with Juliet at first sight. Juliet, however, was promised by her father to marry Prince, who attends the party. Romeo and his friends manage to wreak havoc, and are revealed to be Montagues. Later that evening, the balcony scene is recreated on a cliff on the beach where a tree grows, and Romeo promises Juliet that they shall marry the next morning, and she will not have to marry Prince. Romeo begs Friar Lawrence, in this story a sea otter, to wed them. After some thought, he believes their marriage will end the feud of their families, and agrees. They are wed that very morning, and traverse the sea in their happiness. However, even the other sea and land animals strongly oppose them being together. One animal, a fish  finds them as a lovely couple, but warns them that they will be in big trouble if Prince finds out. Back on the beach, Mercutio telling many jokes, which leads to him making insulting jokes against the Capulets, and the Prince is headed in that direction. When he arrives, Mercutio mocks him as well. Romeo rushes to aid his friend, but after a struggle Mercutio falls off the cliff where Juliet met Romeo the previous evening, and everyone thinks that he is dead. Prince, jealous of Romeo having Juliet\'s affection rather than him, exiles Romeo to Shark Island. In despair, Juliet seeks the Friar\'s help, and he gives her a potion to put her in a deathlike position. Mercutio is revealed to be alive and sees the whole thing, remarking, "What a tangled web we weave." Lawrence shows the Capulet seals that Juliet is "dead", right as they were celebrating the marriage. But Benvolio sees her as well, and swims to Shark Island to tell Romeo. The Friar chases him to stop him, but is attacked by a shark. After receiving the terrible news, Romeo heads to the shore to see if Juliet is truly dead. Friar Lawrence arrives too late and tries to follow Romeo, only to have his tail maimed by the shark. After an undersea chase and some help from the fish Romeo and Juliet met earlier, Lawrence escapes and heads to the beach. A heartbroken Romeo walks past the mourning Capulets and tries to kiss Juliet, only to have some of the potion slip into his own mouth, putting him in a deathlike position as well. Both groups of seals begin to weep for their loss, and Lawrence, who has just arrived, takes the moment to teach them a lesson about where hatred leads them. Suddenly, Romeo and Juliet awaken, and all is well. Mercutio returns, Prince finds a new mate: a large elephant seal like himself, burps like a seal. The movie ends with the two families at peace, and Romeo and Juliet remaining together.'] ['In early 1900s England, a young widow, Lucy Muir , moves to the seaside village of Whitecliff and into Gull Cottage with her daughter Anna  and her maid Martha , despite the fierce disapproval of her mother- and sister-in-law. She rents the house despite discovering that the house is haunted. On the first night, she is visited by the ghostly apparition of the former owner, a roguish, but harmless sea captain named Daniel Gregg , who reluctantly promises to make himself known only to her; Anna is too young for ghosts. When Lucy\'s investment income dries up, he dictates to her his memoirs, entitled Blood and Swash. His racy recollections make the book a bestseller, allowing Lucy to stay in the house. During the course of writing the book, they fall in love, but as both realise it is a hopeless situation, Daniel tells her she should find a real  man. When she visits the publisher in London she becomes attracted to suave Miles Fairley , a writer of children\'s stories known as "Uncle Neddy" who helps her obtain an interview. Despite a rocky beginning, the publisher agrees to publish the captain\'s book. Fairley follows her back to Whitecliff and begins a whirlwind courtship. Captain Gregg, initially jealous of their relationship, decides finally to disappear and cease being an obstacle to her happiness. He convinces her that he was all a dream whilst she sleeps. Shortly thereafter while visiting her publisher in London, Lucy pays a surprise visit to Fairley\'s home and discovers that not only is Miles already married with two children, but that this sort of thing has happened before with other women. Lucy leaves heartbroken and returns to spend the rest of her life as a single woman in Gull Cottage with Martha to look after her. About ten years later, Anna  returns with her Navy lieutenant fiancé and tells her mother that she knew about Captain Gregg and Miles Fairley all the time, rekindling faint memories in her mother of the captain . Lucy spends a long peaceful life at the cottage. Captain Gregg appears before her at the moment of her death – reaching out, he lifts her young spirit free of her body. The two walk out of the front door arm in arm, into the mist.'] ['{{Further2}} The film starts out as Bella Swan plans her wedding with the Cullen family. Before the wedding, Edward Cullen tells Bella that he has murdered people in the past. Undaunted by this, Bella and Edward go ahead with the wedding. During the reception following her wedding to Edward, Bella is visited by her friend Jacob Black. When Bella admits that she and Edward plan to consummate their marriage during their honeymoon, Jacob becomes angry but is held back by his pack. He then runs off into the woods, and Edward takes an upset Bella back to the reception. The couple spends their honeymoon on the Cullens\' private Brazilian island. Although hesitant, Edward has sex with Bella for the first time. After, Edward realizes that he bruised Bella\'s arm, back and shoulders during sex and he vows to never be intimate with her again, much to her disappointment; he later gives in to her seductions. Two weeks into their honeymoon, Bella discovers that she is pregnant with a baby growing at an extraordinarily accelerated rate. After consulting with Carlisle, they rush back to Forks. Bella refuses to consider having an abortion, and enlists Rosalie\'s help to protect her wishes. Opposed to Sam Uley\'s plans to kill Bella and her child, which is thought to be a demon, Jacob angrily leaves his pack and arrives at the Cullens\' to protect Bella; Seth and Leah Clearwater join him, forming a new wolf pack. As the pregnancy progresses, Bella\'s health severely deteriorates. As a last resort, she begins drinking blood, which satisfies the fetus\' vampiric thirst and allows her to regain some strength. Soon afterward, Bella goes into a painful labor and gives birth to her child, Renesmee, an conflation of the names of Bella\'s mother, Renée and Edward\'s adoptive mother, Esme. To save her life, Edward injects Bella\'s heart with his venom to transform her into a vampire, but nothing seems to happen and Bella is thought to be dead. Greatly distraught, Jacob attempts to kill the baby, but stops when he realizes he has imprinted on the child. When the werewolves learn of Bella\'s "death", they attack the Cullens\' house in an attempt to kill the baby. They are forced to stop after learning Jacob has imprinted on Renesmee . After Bella is thought to be deceased, Carlisle notices there\'s a slight pulse and tells Edward and the rest of the Cullens as they clean the body. Soon after, her wounds suddenly heal as the venom spreads through her body. Bella\'s heart finally ceases, and she awakens as a newborn vampire. In a post-credits scene, the Volturi hear about Bella\'s conversion; Aro notes that it does not end their dispute with the Cullens, proclaiming, "They have something I want".'] ["Long Island housewife Lucy Chadman in the midst of a tarot card reading by her occult sister, Zelda. Just as Zelda exclaims something is going to happen, Lucy begins to choke to death on a South Korean Chicken Ball. The film shows the difficulty of Lucy's loved ones, including Zelda had in coping with her death. But the grief turns to excitement when Zelda receives a book of spells called The Wisdom of Catagonia. Within the book Zelda finds a spell that requires perfect astronomical timing--the moon, the earth, and the dog star must form a perfect isosceles triangle. Zelda performs the spell and Lucy appears. Lucy begins to reacquaint herself with living and with her family who are shocked to see her alive again, one year later, and soon discovers that she cannot simply pick her life back up where she left off. She returns to find her widower husband has married her greedy and double-crossing friend from college. Her son, meanwhile, has opened his own successful restaurant and married, instead of going to Columbia. When she returns to the hospital at which she died, the emergency room doctor who tried to revive her begins to fall for her. Zelda confides in the doctor that if Lucy does not find love by the next full moon, she will have to go back to the spirit world. He does not believe her. Eventually the press finds out that Lucy came back from the dead, and plague her, her family, and the hospital the ER doctor works at. Her college friend becomes jealous of her media attention and the attention Lucy is getting from Mr. Chadman. She holds a news conference of her own and tells the media Lucy made the whole thing up--claiming that Lucy used tetrodotoxin as a means to fake her own death. Lucy does not defend herself, as she sees this as an opportunity to rid herself and her friends of the media. Instead, the doctor gets fired, her sister's occult store is vandalized and she is hated by almost everyone, except her family. She decides to end the debacle once and for all by tricking her college friend into admitting she lied about Lucy faking her death in front of the media at a party the hospital is having. Lucy, the doctor, and her family walk away happily. As the credits roll we see that Lucy and Zelda each have children with their new loves."] ['In 1995, Lyla Novacek  is a cellist in an orchestra under strict rule of her father ([[William Sadler . Louis Connelly  is the lead singer of "The Connelly Brothers", an Irish rock band. Lyla and Louis have a chance meeting during a party after their respective concerts, and sleep together on a rooftop under a full moon, while a man with a harmonica and guitar plays an instrumental version of "Moondance" on the street below. After a rude awakening by Louis\'s bandmates, Lyla returns to her angered father in the morning and heads back to Chicago. Louis waits for Lyla as they had agreed, before eventually heading to the hotel Lyla was staying at, but Lyla doesn\'t acknowledge him. He turns to his music in the hopes she\'ll hear it and reconnect with him, but becomes discouraged. Meanwhile, Lyla eventually realizes she is pregnant. After an argument with her father regarding the baby and her career as a cellist, Lyla runs out into the street and is struck by a car. Due to the accident trauma, she gives birth prematurely, and her father secretly puts her son up for adoption, forging her signature on the paperwork and allowing her to believe that the baby died as a result of the accident. Eleven years later, young Evan Taylor  is living in a boys\' orphanage outside New York City. Evan has the savant-like ability to hear music wherever he is. He is convinced that his parents will find him, which makes him the target of ridicule among the older kids at the orphanage. He meets Richard Jefferies , a social worker who gives Evan his card. Soon after, Evan runs away to New York City, "following the music" in the hope it will lead him to his family. In the process, he loses Jeffries\' card, and wanders the city until finding Arthur  performing in Washington Square Park. Louis now lives in San Francisco, having left his band on the same night as Lyla\'s accident. He has a chance meeting with one of his former bandmates, and is invited to his birthday party. Louis is hesitant because he has not spoken to his brother Marshall  since the band broke up, but he ultimately chooses to go. At the party, his brother is playing clips of the band performing. Louis confronts his brother and the words come to blows, and Louis\'s girlfriend , leaves him. Lyla now lives in Chicago with a violinist roommate, and also gave up performing, but teaches music to children privately. Her friend and roommate encourages her to rejoin the New York Philharmonic, but Lyla is unconvinced. She is called to her father\'s deathbed, and he admits to her that her child survived the accident and is alive somewhere in New York. Upon hearing this, Lyla abandons her father to his fate and decides to return to New York. Evan has since followed Arthur back to his home in a condemned theater, and has been taken in by Maxwell "Wizard" Wallace , a vagrant musician who teaches homeless children music and employs them as street performers. He was the one playing the guitar and harmonica during Louis and Lyla\'s night on the rooftop. Evan tries playing Wizard\'s prize guitar "Roxanne", and while his initial approach is unconventional, he is so good that Wizard gives him his old spot in Washington Square Park, and Roxanne, both of which had until then been Arthur\'s. Wizard also gives Evan the stage name "August Rush" and begins trying to market him to clubs and event promoters. Seeing the posters that Jeffries has posted for the runaway Evan, Wizard destroys all the ones he finds, hoping to keep Evan and his gift for his own gain. Arthur comes to resent being replaced by August as Wizard\'s favorite. Louis decides to reconnect with Lyla, and after learning her full name and whereabouts, flies out to Chicago to find her. He waits for several hours at the door to her apartment. When he asks one of the occupants of her apartment where Lyla is, the woman mixes up Lyla and her roommate, and says she\'s on her honeymoon in New York. Louis, crushed, ends up in New York and decides get his old band back together. After a meeting on the street between Jeffries, Wizard and Arthur, the derelict theatre Wizard and his "children" are living in is raided by the police. Wizard distracts them and allows August to escape, with a warning not to tell anyone his real name. After evading the police, Evan takes refuge in an inner-city church where Hope, a young girl at the church  introduces him to the piano, and to written notes. He picks up this skill so quickly that Hope, seeing her room covered in August\'s handwritten music and hearing him play the church\'s pipe organ, gets the attention of the parish pastor , who enrolls August at the Juilliard School. August\'s nonconformist approach to the curriculum nevertheless impresses the Juilliard staff, and a rhapsody begins to take shape from his notes and homework assignments. Once in New York, Lyla goes to Jeffries\' office for information and, after initially being turned away by the desk clerk, eventually meets with Jeffries, who is able to identify Evan as her son. She decides to stay in New York to search for him, renting a studio apartment in the city. She also decides to take up the cello again, and accepts the offer she\'d been given to perform with the Philharmonic at a series of concerts in Central Park. August\'s gift is considered astounding among all at Juilliard, and he is selected to perform the rhapsody he\'s been composing at the same park concert as Lyla, the youngest student ever selected for this honor. Wizard intrudes during a rehearsal and, claiming to be his father and under threat of revealing August\'s real name, pulls August out of the school, putting him back in Washington Square playing Roxanne and planning to send him all over the country. On the day of the outdoor symphony concert, and also of Louis\'s first performance after rejoining his old band, August is still forbidden by Wizard to attend his own concert. August meets Louis, who is wandering through the park with his own guitar, and they play together, neither of them knowing their blood relationship to the other. August tells him of his dilemma and Louis tells him not to give up on his music, and that if he had a concert, he wouldn\'t miss it for the world. In a subway station that night, August decides to leave Wizard and go to his concert anyway, with some help from Arthur who also rebels against Wizard. August flees through the subway tunnel and towards the park where the concert is underway, following the sounds of Lyla\'s cello concerto performance. Wizard is last seen playing his harmonica alone in the subway. Louis is heading towards the airport when he notices Lyla\'s name on a banner for the concert. He jumps out of the van and heads towards the park. Meanwhile, Jeffries notices a misplaced flyer for August Rush, sent to Jeffries\' office after August had been removed from Juilliard, identifies August as Evan, and heads for the concert as well. August arrives just in time to conduct his rhapsody, with Hope on stage singing and Arthur in the crowd watching August\'s performance. Lyla, having finished her part of the concert, begins walking away from the park, but is attracted back towards August\'s performance. Louis also arrives at the park and spots Lyla, reuniting with her at the front of the crowd. Jeffries arrives backstage during the performance and looks on as well. August finishes his rhapsody and, turning around, smiles at Lyla and Louis, realizing that they are his parents. The film concludes with August saying "The music is all around us, all you have to do is listen." [2007 movie]'] ['An elderly woman describes to her granddaughter where snow comes from, by telling her the story of a young man named Edward , who has scissors for hands, the creation of an inventor . The inventor\'s final result was a humanlike young boy who had everything except for hands, but the inventor had a heart attack and died while in the act of giving a pair of real hands to Edward, leaving him "unfinished" forever. Many years after Edward was created, local Avon saleswoman Peg Boggs  visits the Gothic mansion on the hill where Edward lives. There, she finds Edward alone, and decides to take him to her home. Edward becomes friends with Peg\'s young son Kevin  and her husband Bill . He later falls in love with the Boggs\' teenage daughter, Kim . Peg\'s neighbors are impressed by Edward\'s adept hedge-trimming and hair-cutting skills , but two of the townspeople, a religious fanatic named Esmeralda  and Kim\'s boyfriend, Jim , immediately dislike him. Joyce , a housewife in the neighborhood, suggests that Edward open a hair-cutting salon with her. While examining a proposed site, she attempts to seduce him in the back room, causing Edward to leave in a state of panic. Wanting money for a van, Jim takes advantage of Edward\'s ability to pick locks, and breaks into his parents\' house. The burglar alarm sounds and everyone except Edward escapes, despite Kim\'s angry insistence that they return for him. Edward is arrested and released when a psychological examination reveals that his isolation allowed him to live without a sense of reality and common sense. Meanwhile, infuriated by Edward\'s rejection, Joyce exacts revenge by claiming that he tried to "rape" her. This, added to the "break-in", causes many of the neighbors to question his personality and ruin his popular reputation. During the Christmas season, Edward is feared by almost everyone around him except the Boggs family, resulting in him and the family becoming outcasts. While the family is setting up Christmas decorations, Edward creates an angel ice sculpture. The shavings create an effect of falling snow, which Kim dances under. Jim calls out to Kim, distracting her, and Edward accidentally cuts her hand. Jim says that Edward had intentionally harmed her and attacks him. Edward runs away, tearing the clothes Peg gave him, and wanders the neighborhood in a rage. Kim, fed up with Jim\'s behavior towards Edward, breaks up with him and he goes to his friend\'s van to get drunk. While Peg and Bill search for Edward, he returns and Kim greets him with a hug. When Kevin is almost run over by Jim\'s drunk friend, Edward pushes him out of the way, but cuts his face, causing witnesses to think he was attacking him. When the police arrive, Edward flees to his hilltop mansion and the worried and concerned neighbors follow. Kim runs to the mansion and reunites with Edward. Jim follows them and brutally attacks Edward, who does not retaliate until Jim slaps and pushes Kim. Edward stabs Jim in the stomach and pushes him away, causing him to fall out of a window to his death. Kim confesses her love for Edward and shares a kiss with him as they say goodbye. Returning downstairs, Kim lies to the townspeople saying that Edward and Jim killed each other in the fight. She tells them that the roof caved in on them and shows them a disembodied scissor-hand similar to Edward\'s. Shocked at this, the neighbors return to their homes. The elderly woman  finishes telling her granddaughter the story, saying that she never saw Edward again. She chose not to visit him because she wanted him to remember her the way she was in her youth. She also reveals that Edward is still alive, seemingly immortal since he is artificial and can never age, and he "creates snow" from his ice sculptures, which falls upon the neighborhood below. She tells her granddaughter that "Sometimes you can still catch me dancing in it." While Edward creates more ice sculptures, a flashback of a young Kim is shown dancing under the snow falling from the angel ice sculpture above her.'] ['In 1934, impoverished painter Eben Adams  meets a fey little girl named Jennie Appleton  in Central Park, New York. She is wearing old-fashioned clothing. He makes a sketch of her from memory which involves him with art dealer Miss Spinney , who sees potential in him. This inspires him to paint a "Portrait Of Jennie". Eben encounters Jennie at intermittent intervals. Strangely, she appears to be growing up much more rapidly than is possible. He soon falls in love with her but is puzzled by the fact that she seems to be experiencing events that he discovers took place many years previously as if they had just happened. He sets out to investigate but does not reveal what he discovers to anyone and is puzzled by what he finds.'] ['Set in contemporary West Berlin , Wings of Desire follows two angels, Damiel and Cassiel, as they roam the city, unseen and unheard by its human inhabitants, observing and listening to the diverse thoughts of Berliners: a pregnant woman in an ambulance on the way to the hospital, a painter struggling to find inspiration, a broken man who thinks his girlfriend no longer loves him. Their raison d\'être is, as Cassiel says, to "assemble, testify, preserve" reality. In addition to the story of two angels, the film is also a meditation on Berlin\'s past, present, and future. Damiel and Cassiel have always existed as angels; they existed in Berlin before it was a city, and before there were even any humans. Among the Berliners they encounter in their wanderings is an old man named Homer, who, unlike the Greek poet of war Homer, dreams of an "epic of peace." Cassiel follows the old man as he looks for the then-demolished Potsdamer Platz in an open field, and finds only the graffiti-covered Berlin Wall. Although Damiel and Cassiel are pure observers, visible only to children, and incapable of any physical interaction with our world, Damiel begins to fall in love with a profoundly lonely circus trapeze artist named Marion. She lives by herself in a caravan, dances alone to the music of Crime and the City Solution, and drifts through the city. A subplot follows Peter Falk, who has arrived in Berlin to make a film about Berlin\'s Nazi past. As the film progresses, it emerges that Peter Falk was once an angel, who, having grown tired of always observing and never experiencing, renounced his immortality to become a participant in the world. Eventually, Damiel too longs for physicality and to become human. When he sheds his immortal existence, he experiences life for the first time: he bleeds, sees colors for the first time , tastes food and drinks coffee. Meanwhile, Cassiel inadvertently taps into the mind of a young man just about to commit suicide by jumping off a building. Cassiel tries to save the young man but is unable to do so, and is left haunted and tormented by the experience. Eventually, Damiel meets the trapeze artist Marion at a bar , and they greet each other with familiarity as if they had long known each other. In the end, Damiel is united with the woman he has desired for so long. The film ends with the message: "To be continued." The story is concluded in Wenders\' 1993 sequel, In weiter Ferne, so nah! .'] ["Pamela Drury is single and works as a serious journalist. She spends her birthday alone and becomes lonely and reflects upon her life and the choices she made. In a box of photos of old boyfriends, she reflects upon why she broke up with one in particular, Robert Dickson, 13 years earlier. She also meets an interesting man, Ben and follows him home, only to see through his window that he is with his family and looks very happy. Shortly afterwards, she is hit by a car while crossing the street. The woman who was driving the car is also Pamela, but is Pamela Dickson; she is from an alternate universe in which she married Robert 13 years earlier. Pamela Dickson takes Pamela Drury to the Dickson family home and the two of them talk in the kitchen. Suddenly, Pamela Dickson's kids come home and she disappears, leaving the unmarried Pamela Drury in a house she has never seen before with three children she does not know. The children assume she is their mother, although they do not quite recognize her sometimes. She soon finds out that her alter ego Pamela Dickson lives in a dull marriage and writes lightweight articles for a mainstream ladies magazine, rather than being the serious reporter that Drury is. She meets Ben again, but in this time-line he was never married and still mourns the loss of the great love of his life, who was killed just before their graduation from college. At first, Pamela Drury was pleased to be with Robert again after all these years apart, but she is soon unhappy and annoyed with married life, and quarrels with Robert. She embarks on an affair with Ben, not mentioning to him that she has a husband and kids . Ben visits her and learns the truth, and walks away angry and disappointed. Soon, Pamela Drury embraces having a family and falls for Robert again, and even stimulates him and enlivens her marriage. Then when Pamela Dickson is in a restaurant bathroom, Pamela Dickson shows up again, and the two women switch back to their former lives. Pamela Dickson had been living the life of single Pamela Drury and enjoyed it but ultimately missed her husband and kids so she came back. Pamela Drury is single once more and embraces her life with a new appreciation of all that being single and having a career has to offer. She learns that while she was gone, Pamela Dickson began dating Ben, who actually is divorced from the woman she saw through the window, the same woman who alternate-Ben had thought was his soul mate. Ultimately she sees that both lives are appealing and offer a lot to appreciate."] ["Two snake spirits have been training for many centuries to take human form and experience the love, freedom and wisdom that is supposedly only available to humans. White Snake  is the more experienced one and proceeds to get engaged with local scholar Hsui Xien , with whom she plans to have a child which would complete her passage into the mortal realm. Green Snake  is the younger and more impulsive of the two sisters and she is not yet quite sure about the benefits of the human world. The two snakes move into their magically created house and start a successful medical practice in the town. Their enemies are a buffoonish Taoist and an overzealous Buddhist monk Fa Hoi  who make various attempts to banish them from the human world. The monk thinks of himself as a keeper of the natural order of the world and is very prejudiced against spiritual beings seeking to improve themselves. He brings things to a head when he abducts White's husband from the human/spirit mixed marriage into his religious reeducation camp&ndash;styled temple. The pregnant White Snake and the Green Snake proceed to rescue Hsui Xien with their magical prowess. They pit their skills against the monk by trying to flood the temple situated atop a mountain, thereby causing severe catastrophe in the region."] [' A man  is a prisoner in the aftermath of the Third World War, in a destroyed, post-apocalyptic Paris where survivors live underground in the Palais de Chaillot galleries. Scientists research time travel, hoping to send test subjects to different time periods "to call past and future to the rescue of the present". They have difficulty finding subjects who can mentally withstand the shock of time travel, but eventually settle upon the prisoner, whose key to the past is a vague but obsessive memory, from his pre-war childhood, of a woman  he had seen on the observation platform  at Orly Airport shortly before witnessing a startling incident there. He had not understood exactly what happened, but knew he had seen a man die. After several attempts, he reaches the pre-war period. He meets the woman from his memory, and they develop a romantic relationship. After his successful passages to the past, the experimenters attempt to send him into the far future. In a brief meeting with the technologically advanced people of the future, he is given a power unit sufficient to regenerate his own destroyed society. Upon his return, with his mission accomplished, he discerns that he is to be executed by his jailers. He is contacted by the people of the future, who offer to help him escape to their time permanently, but he asks instead to be returned to the pre-war time of his childhood, hoping to find the woman again. He is returned and does find her, on the jetty at the airport. However, as he rushes to her, he notices an agent of his jailers who has followed him and realises the agent is about to kill him. In his final moments, he comes to understand that the incident which he witnessed as a child, which has haunted him for his entire life, was his own death.'] ['Penelope Wilhern  is a young woman from a wealthy family with all the qualities to make an excellent match for any other well-bred man of her status. However, what sets her apart is that she has pig-face disorder. Generations ago, an embittered witch placed a curse on the Wilhern family after their son had an affair with her daughter, one of the Wilhern servants, and, talked out of marrying her by his disapproving family, abandoned her and married someone of his own status. The distraught and pregnant servant girl then threw herself off of a cliff. Furious, the witch then cursed the Wilherns so that the next daughter to be born into the affluent family would have the face of a pig. For five generations, the Wilherns were lucky enough to produce only sons, until Penelope was born, stricken with the curse. It is said that the curse can only be lifted if \'one of her own\' learns to love her, which her parents interpret as meaning that Penelope must marry a man of noble birth. As rumours spread of the existence of a baby with the face of a pig, a tabloid reporter named Lemon  begins stalking the family to get a photograph of the infant Penelope. Penelope\'s parents, Jessica and Franklin , decide to fake their daughter\'s death and cloister her away in their mansion, where Penelope spends her life immersing herself in intellectual pursuits such as literature, horticulture, and music. When Penelope becomes an adult, her parents attempt to introduce her to possible suitors, hoping that one of them will fall in love with her and break the curse. Unfortunately, every man who lays eyes on her flees in terror, including Edward Humphrey Vanderman III , a spoiled, cruel-hearted snob who finds her repulsive. Vanderman\'s panicked flight from the Wilhern house results in a newspaper article dubbing him insane. To redeem his name, Vanderman decides to team up with Lemon in an effort to get a photograph of Penelope. The two of them track down Max Campion , a young blue blood disowned by his family, who has developed a gambling problem and is in desperate need of money. Lemon and Vanderman pay Max to pose as a new suitor for Penelope, hiding a camera in his jacket so that he can steal a picture of her. After talking to Penelope through a one-way mirror, however, Max is unexpectedly caught off guard by her sweetness and charm, and Penelope also trusts him enough to show him her face. Though Max is not frightened of Penelope, he accidentally triggers the camera in his jacket, which causes him to retreat. A heartbroken Penelope believes that Max too finds her monstrous, and instead begs him to marry her simply for her status and in order to break the curse. Max, though obviously torn, insists that he cannot marry Penelope. He then calls off his agreement with Lemon and Vanderman, and destroys the camera, realizing that their attempt to exploit Penelope is wrong. Meanwhile, Penelope, inspired by Max\'s conversations about the outside world, decides to flee the protection of her parents\' home, and journeys out into the city, naive and ignorant about normal life, and with a scarf to cover her face. While at a bar, Penelope ends up befriending Annie . Having no money and seeing that Lemon and Vanderman are offering a reward for a photograph of her, she decides to collect on the reward by producing a photo of herself, essentially coming out of hiding to the public. To her surprise, Penelope becomes an overnight celebrity, flocked by adoring fans who are not disgusted by her face. Penelope\'s courage in going out to the world then acts as an inspiration for Max, who quits gambling and starts work in an old theatre. Lemon, however, discovers that the man he and Vanderman had recruited to go in to the Wilhern house and photograph Penelope is in fact not Max Campion at all, but a man named Johnny Martin, who simply posed as Campion for the money. Penelope\'s family wonder whether the only reason "Max" refused to marry Penelope was because he knew that, as a non blue blood, he would not be able to break the curse for her. Meanwhile, Vanderman\'s father , seeing the public\'s fondness for Penelope, and embarrassed by his son\'s vocal cruelty toward her, coerces Edward into proposing to the girl. Penelope nearly marries him, but backs out of the wedding at the last minute when she realises that she does not want to marry simply to break the curse. Though Penelope\'s mother urges her to marry Vanderman and at last lead a \'normal life\', an exasperated Penelope says that she likes herself the way she is. This breaks the curse, as Penelope has at last been loved by \'one of her own kind\' - herself - and her pig snout and ears disappear. As the years pass, Penelope moves on with her life, becoming a horticulturist and teacher, and the spectacle of her former appearance is gradually forgotten by the public. One Halloween, Penelope finds several of her students dressing up as her old pig self, and dons a \'Penelope\' mask as she goes to reunite with Johnny, who she discovers lives nearby. Johnny, not realising that the curse has been broken, kisses Penelope and apologizes to her, saying that he does not have the power to break the curse. Penelope then reveals that she had the power to lift the curse all along, and the two share a passionate kiss, beginning a romantic relationship. The film ends with Johnny happily pushing Penelope on a swing in a garden. On a nearby lake, Lemon rows up in a rowboat, and is about to take a picture revealing to the world what has happened to Penelope, but observes their happiness, and decides to let his obsession go.'] ["The evil Lord Conqueror, head of Conqueror's Clan, is given a prophecy by Mud Buddha. It is said that if Conqueror finds two young children by the name of Wind and Cloud he will have good fortune. Mud Buddha tells Conqueror to look for him 10 years later so that he can tell the rest of Conqueror's fortune. Conqueror issues an order that every boy with a birth chart matching Wind's or Cloud's must become a disciple of the Conqueror's Clan. Both Wind and Cloud are found, and Lord Conqueror's servants murder their respective parents. Ten years pass, and Wind and Cloud are now both fully grown and highly skilled martial artists. Lord Conqueror raised them as his own children. He is angered by the disappearance of Mud Buddha and sends his men to find him. After Mud Buddha is found, he reveals that Wind and Cloud will either join or destroy Conqueror. Seeing that Wind and Cloud can lead to misfortune, Conqueror uses his daughter, Charity, to cause Wind and Cloud to fight each other. There was a love triangle involving Wind, Cloud, and Charity. Conqueror arranges a marriage with Wind and Charity. Cloud finds out and is unhappy about it. On the day of the wedding, he takes her away and Conqueror tells Wind to fight for his wife. Wind and Cloud engage in a battle and Lord Conqueror tries to kill Cloud in their duel, but killed his own daughter. This was because she tried to protect Cloud. Cloud and Wind's relationship with Lord Conqueror sours, after Cloud loses an arm to Conqueror in combat and Wind is poisoned by Conqueror's minions. Wind finds out the truth about who killed his parents and fights a fire beast which killed his father. Fortunately, Cloud is found by helpful villagers, one of whom donates his arm to replace Cloud's loss. Wind and Cloud then work together to destroy Lord Conqueror. Together, they defeat the evil warlord, finally exacting their revenge and fulfilling Mud Buddha's prophecy."] ["Bishop Henry Brougham  prays for divine guidance with the troubled building of a new cathedral. His plea is seemingly answered by a suave angel named Dudley , who reveals his identity initially only to the clergyman. However, Dudley's mission is not to help with the construction of the cathedral. He is there to guide Henry and the people around him. Henry has become obsessed with the building to the detriment of his duties and marriage to his neglected, unhappy wife, Julia . Everyone, except for Henry, is charmed by the newcomer, even the non-religious Professor Wutheridge . Dudley persuades the wealthy parishioners, particularly Mrs. Hamilton , to contribute the needed funds, but not to build the cathedral. He helps Mrs. Hamilton decide to give her money to feed and clothe the needy—much to Henry's chagrin. He also redecorates the Broghams' Christmas tree in two seconds, saves an old church by restoring interest in the boys' choir, and arranges for the typewriter to automatically type Henry's new sermon - which Dudley dictates without Henry's knowledge. When Dudley spends time cheering up Julia, there is an unexpected development: Dudley finds himself strongly attracted to her. Sensing this, Henry becomes jealous and anxious for his unwelcome guest to finish and depart. Eventually, he stands up to the angel. With his mission completed and knowing that Julia loves her husband, Dudley leaves, promising never to return. All memory of him is erased, and on Christmas Eve at midnight, Henry delivers the sermon that he believes he has written."] ['A plane crashes in a remote jungle. Many survive, but the cockpit and the front end of the plane are nowhere to be found. The only way to call for help is to find the cockpit and radio a message. Ed Malone  climbs a small hill and he sees the cockpit in the distance about a mile away. A group of people decide to leave the plane and head over to find the radio. John Roxton  leads a small group through the jungle. The rest of the passengers stay put in case a plane passes by. The group arrives at the fuselage when they notice that it\'s not the same plane they flew in. In addition, the radio and all other important instruments have been stripped and taken away. They are startled by the arrival of Lieutenant Colonel Challenger , who managed to travel by himself all alone to the downed plane, still carrying a briefcase that he doesn\'t seem to want to part with. The group continues to look for the cockpit with some of their group getting killed along the way. They then encounter a military plane, which Challenger tries to turn one of the missiles into a flare gun, but fails. The group stops at a cavern for the night, where they are attacked by giant scorpions. John and Tianka are killed, whilst the Ed, Challenger, Rita, Dana, and Natalie flee for safety. As they escape from the caves, they are captured by a group of natives living in the jungle. It is soon learned that the natives have been stripping the aeroplanes to avoid any outside interference. The natives also turn out to be other people that had crashed a long time ago, and have developed a sacrificial rite to appease the creatures of the jungle. Dane and Natalie are both brainwashed into joining them, while Ed is chosen as the sacrifice. However the sacrificial ceremony fails when a giant ape attacks the area, while Dana  saves Ed. They then meet up with Challenger and Rita, when they spot military jets flying overhead who attack the giant ape, but are destroyed in the process. Challenger is then killed by a native, leaving Ed alone to try and defeat the ape. Ed detonates a nuclear bomb left from one of the planes and successfully kills the ape, but also destroys their cockpit in the process, trapping the Ed, Rita, and Dana in the jungle. They contemplate dying in the jungle, to which Ed tersely replies: "Not today" before kissing Rita.'] ['Powell plays a reporter who is given, by a ghostly deceased newspaper man named Pop Benson, a newspaper that has tomorrow\'s news. He uses the paper to write stories and get the "scoop" on other newspaper men. In addition, he uses the power to bet on horses he know will win and gains considerable wealth. He and new girlfriend Sylvia enjoy the power for a while until the paper predicts the reporter\'s death.'] ["Years after moving to Tokyo with her parents, Hinako returns to her hometown in rural Shikoku. She soon learns that her childhood friend, Sayori, died several years ago and that Sayori's mother, who used to perform seances and exorcisms, has gone almost insane with grief. After seeing Sayori's yūrei several times during the night, Hinako consults with some local experts on the paranormal and discovers that Sayori's mother has something planned for her daughter."] ["Kyle Kingson  an arrogant and vain son of a wealthy news anchor Rob Kingson  bullies Kendra Hilferty  who magically transforms handsome Kyle into a bald, tattooed and scarred shell. If he does not find someone who loves him by the next spring he would remain in his ugly state forever. Kyle is taken to live in a private house with their maid Zola  and a blind tutor Will Fratalli . Both are a comfort to Kyle when his father begins to neglect him. As spring draws closer, Kyle finds himself infatuated with Lindy Taylor , a girl whom he had kept distance from in his former school. He sees her father, a druggie, engaged in an altercation with two drug dealers and shoots one dead while the other vows to kill Lindy. Kyle persuades Lindy’s father to allow her to move in with him. Lindy is furious about hiding and doesn't speak to Kyle, but eventually, Kyle reveals himself and they begin to warm up to each other. Kyle writes a letter professing his love for Lindy but does not give it for fear of rejection. He visits Kendra to plead for more time and she refuses but agrees to restore Will's vision and grant citizenship to Zola's three children in Jamaica if he gets Lindy to fall in love with him. The criminal who threatened Lindy’s life lands up in jail. Lindy’s father is overdosed and is in hospital. Kyle permits Lindy to leave and see her father and drives her to the station. He gives her the letter but regrets doing so as she tells him he’s a good friend. Lindy calls him after reading the letter but being heartbroken Kyle does not answer them. Persuaded by Will and Zola, Kyle goes to meet Lindy one last time before she leaves on a school trip to Machu Picchu. Lindy professes her love, and departs for Machu Picchu. Kyle’s normal self is restored but Lindy does not recognize him until she calls his phone and finds that it is the phone of the restored Kyle that rings. Will wakes up one morning and can see again and Zola finds three green cards for her children in the mail from the government. Kendra approaches Rob Kingson's office as a new intern, implying that Kendra will likely do the same thing to Rob as she did to Kyle. At the end credits, vacation photos show Lindy and Kyle passionately together after high school, living happily ever after.  In the alternative ending of the film that is seen on the DVD, Kyle receives a voice message from Lindy telling him she loves him. However she has left on the school trip and Kyle believes he has lost his chance with her. He then receives another call from Lindy, who is being abducted by Victor, a drug dealer. Kyle runs throughout the city to save her and, upon reaching her and finding her in Victor's hold, leaps forward to save her but is shot in the process. Lindy goes to get help, but Kyle asks her to stay and she tells him she loves him as he dies. Lindy's tears, however, bring him back to life and restore him to his former self. At first, Lindy refuses to believe it is him but soon realizes it is really him and the two kiss. Kyle and Lindy then go to Prom together and Kyle thanks Kendra for what she has done. Afterwards, like the original ending, Kendra is taking an internship at Rob Kingson's office."] ['The setting is a small fishing village. The former seaman Longren  raises his daughter Assol The heroine\'s name is changed to "Isolde" in the English-language dubbing on the DVD. alone after losing his beloved wife, making a meager living by selling the toy boats he carves from wood. As a child, Assol encounters an old man  who claims to be a wizard and promises the girl that one day a prince will come on a ship with scarlet sails to carry her away. The villagers scoff but Assol believes her dream will come true one day. Arthur Grey  is a nobleman\'s son who breaks away from his cruel father  to pursue a life at sea, and eventually becomes the captain of a merchant vessel. Having set to port at Assol\'s village, he spies the young maiden sleeping in the forest and falls in love. After inquiring in the village he learns of Assol\'s dream and sets about to make it come true.'] ['In twelfth century Europe, Philippe Gaston, "The Mouse" , is a thief facing execution who escapes the dungeons of Aquila, via the sewers, and flees to the countryside. The Bishop of Aquila  sends his Captain of the Guard Marquet  to hunt down Phillipe; he and his soldiers corner Philippe, but are foiled by a mysterious black knight who reveals himself to be their former Captain, Etienne of Navarre , traveling with a beautiful and devoted hawk. Marquet warns the Bishop of Navarre\'s return, and the Bishop summons Cezar  the wolf trapper. Navarre tells Philippe why he saved him: he needs Philippe\'s unique knowledge to lead him inside Aquila to kill the Bishop. As they travel Philippe becomes aware of mysterious events surrounding them, including the appearance at night of a black wolf and a beautiful woman , who is unafraid of the wolf. Navarre and the hawk are wounded in another encounter with the Bishop\'s men; Navarre sends the hawk with Philippe to the old monk Imperius , to heal her. At a ruined castle Philippe finally realizes the truth, which Imperius confirms: the hawk is a woman named Isabeau d\'Anjou, who came to live in Aquila after her father—the Count of Anjou—died. All who saw her fell in love with her, including the Bishop. But Isabeau was already in love with Etienne, with whom she secretly exchanged vows. Accidentally betrayed by their confessor, Imperius, they fled. In his insane jealousy the Bishop made a demonic pact to ensure they would be "Always together; eternally apart": by day Isabeau becomes a hawk, by night Navarre becomes a wolf. Neither has any memory of their half-life in animal form; only at dusk and dawn of each day can they see each other in human form for one fleeting moment, but can never touch. In despair Navarre plans to kill the Bishop or die in the attempt, making the curse irrevocable. But Imperius has discovered a way to break the curse; in three days, a solar eclipse will create "a day without a night and a night without a day": when the lovers stand together in human form before the Bishop, the curse will be broken.'] ['Vadinho , Flor\'s irresponsible husband, drops dead while dancing in a street carnival party. Only Flor  expresses remorse after his death. Flor\'s friends and family see Vadinho\'s death as a chance for Flor to find happiness after the misery brought upon her by Vadinho\'s spendthrift ways and near total lack of respectability. Roughly the first half of Dona Flor recounts Flor\'s marriage with Vadinho in an extended flashback. What is made clear is that Vadinho was a great lover who admired his wife\'s respectability, but enjoyed protracted foreplay until she begged him to continue. He might not paint the house or leave her savings alone, but he changed this inhibited girl into a wife who experienced carnal joy regularly. The second half of Dona Flor involves Flor\'s meeting the respectable but extraordinarily dull pharmacist Teodoro , his courtship of her, and her marriage to him. Flor\'s friends consider Teodoro the exact opposite of Vadinho. Teodoro belongs in superior circles within Bahia\'s society, dresses elegantly, and treats Flor like a lady. What Flor\'s friends do not know is that Teodoro is also the opposite of Vadinho in one more respect: in bed, Teodoro is as lacking as Vadinho was accomplished. On the anniversary of Vadinho\'s death, Vadinho reappears to Flor in the nude and explains that she called him to "share her bed" with him. Only Flor can see and hear the nude spirit of Vadinho. She protests because she is now remarried and has pledged to be faithful to Teodoro, but after Vadinho laughs during Teodoro\'s pathetic attempts at love-making that night, Flor gives in and lives happily with both husbands. A shot toward the end of the film shows Teodoro lying in bed next to Flor, who kisses him on the cheek. The camera then pans to the left to show Vadinho on Flor\'s other side and she kisses him on the cheek too.'] ['Chan Chen-Pang, better known as the "12th Young Master" , was a fashionable playboy who frequented the opium dens prevalent in Hong Kong in 1934, where he met the high-class and much sought-after courtesan, Fleur . They began a passionate love affair, something frowned upon by the family of 12th Master, who held sway over the business of the area. Clearly, their love was doomed when it was found out. Seeing no way to pursue their love in life, on March 8 at 11pm, the couple resolved to commit suicide together by swallowing opium, and promise to meet again in the afterlife. After waiting for Chan in hell for 50 years, Fleur returns to the world of the living to look for him, wondering why he has not emerged. A spirit now, she searches for her lover in a Hong Kong she no longer recognizes. She decides to place a newspaper advertisement seeking Chan , and enlists the assistance of Yuen  and his understandably suspicious girlfriend, Chor . Fleur did find her lover in the end, but she was surprised, dismayed and felt cheated, as Chen-Pang did not die in the suicide pact. How he survived the suicide attempt was not explained, but Fleur seemed to have understood that he had not been entirely honest on his part. Not surprisingly, due to his wayward and flirtatious nature, he was reduced to poverty where he lived to be an old and forgotten man well into his late 70s, making a living as a Chinese opera stand-in and living in the cramped quarters of the opera set itself. Recognising Fleur instantly, he begged her for her forgiveness but his pleas fell on deaf ears. As she drifted effortlessly away, Fleur realised that he had indeed suffered much more than she had, as his guilty conscience haunted him for so many years. She returned the rouge case he gave her 50 years ago. Retribution has been paid in kind and she was content to leave as the living world is no longer her home.'] ['Peggy Sue Bodell  sets off for her 25-year high school reunion, albeit hesitantly, with her daughter, Beth , coming along as company. Peggy Sue has just separated from her former high school sweetheart, now husband, Charlie , and is wary of attending the reunion because of everyone questioning her about the absence of Charlie; they have been married since she became pregnant at the end of high school. Peggy Sue arrives at the reunion and is happy to reconnect with her old friends, Maddy  and Carol , and all start to comment on old high school memories and how times  have changed. Charlie unexpectedly arrives at the reunion, causing an awkward scene with Peggy Sue ignoring him. The awkwardness is ended when the event MC announces the reunion’s "king and queen." The king is Richard Norvik ([[Barry Miller , a former class geek turned multi-millionaire computer whiz. Peggy Sue is named the queen, but on arriving at the stage, she faints. When Peggy Sue awakens, she finds she’s gone back to the spring of 1960, her senior year of high school, having passed out after donating blood. Peggy at first believes she died at the reunion, but then comes to accept that she has gone back in time. She’s in shock to see old family members so young and to talk to relatives who have since died. She attends high school classes and meets with old  friends as well as their now-young boyfriends . Peggy answers simple questions with adult responses. For example, when her mother asks if she and Charlie had a fight, she replies yes—but about "house payments," talking about their future divorce. She also makes a get-rich-quick reference of going to England to discover The Beatles. Peggy is confused by this new/old world, but she’s fascinated to get to live high school all over again and say things she always wanted to say . She uses this opportunity to repair an estranged relationship with her younger sister, Nancy . One thing Peggy is not happy about is that she’s still dating Charlie. She breaks up with him and has a one-night stand with Michael Fitzsimmons ([[Kevin J. O\'Connor —the guy in school she always wished she’d slept with. Peggy Sue soon sees that this Charlie  is not the same as the adulterous Charlie she left in 1985 and Peggy starts to fall in love with him all over again, though the relationship still has its problems. Meanwhile, she contacts the young  Richard and asks for his advice on time travel. He seems to believe her as they discuss events and inventions that do not yet exist. Her inquiries into time travel lead to her grandfather, who agrees to try a strange séance ritual with his Masonic Lodge buddies to send her forward in time. Peggy is kidnapped by Charlie. He takes her to a greenhouse of sorts, while everybody at the Lodge thinks the ritual worked. He tells Peggy Sue that he loves her and gives her the locket she wore at the beginning of the film. Realizing that she cannot cheat fate, Peggy Sue kisses Charlie and they begin to make love, which would again lead to Peggy getting pregnant and marrying him. In the next moment, Peggy Sue is transported back to present day. Peggy Sue wakes up in a hospital, with Charlie at her side. However, the idea that she may have dreamed the entire ordeal is called into doubt when she sees that Michael has dedicated a book to her and their night together. Charlie, meanwhile, is deeply regretful of his adultery and tells Peggy Sue he wants her back. It seems there\'s hope for them possibly reconciling their differences when Peggy Sue looks at Charlie with new eyes and  says, "I\'d like to invite you over to your house for dinner on Sunday, with your kids. I\'ll make a strudel."'] ['Set in New Jersey during the Great Depression, the film tells the story of Cecilia , a clumsy waitress who goes to the movies to escape her bleak life and loveless, abusive marriage to Monk , whom she has attempted to leave on numerous occasions. The latest film Cecilia sees is a fictitious RKO Radio Pictures film, The Purple Rose of Cairo. It is the story of a rich Manhattan playwright  who goes on an exotic vacation to Egypt with companions Jason ([[John Wood  and Rita . While in Egypt, the three meet archaeologist Tom Baxter . Tom is brought back for a "madcap Manhattan weekend" where he falls head-over-heels for Kitty Haynes , a chanteuse at the Copacabana. After Cecilia sits through the film several times, Tom, noticing her, breaks the fourth wall, and emerges from the black-and-white screen into the colorful real world on the other side of the cinema\'s screen. He tells Cecilia that he is attracted to her after noticing her watching him so many times, and she takes him around New York. Later, he takes her into the film and they have a great evening on the town within the film. The two fall in love. But the character\'s defection from the film has caused some problems. In other copies of the film, others have tried to exit the screen. The producer of the film learns that Tom has left the film, and he flies cross-country to New Jersey with actor Gil Shepherd . This sets up an unusual love triangle involving Tom, Gil and Cecilia. Cecilia must choose between them and she decides to choose the real person of Gil rather than the fantasy figure of Tom. She gives up the chance to return with Tom to his world, choosing to stay with Gil and have a \'real\' life. She breaks up with her husband. But Gil\'s professions of love for Cecilia were false&mdash;he wooed her only to get Tom to return to the movie and thereby save Gil\'s Hollywood career. Gil abandons Cecilia and is seen quietly racked with guilt on his flight back to Hollywood. Having been left without a lover, job or home, Cecilia ends up immersing herself in the frothy escapism of Hollywood once again, sitting in a theater watching Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers dancing to "Cheek-to-Cheek" in the film Top Hat, forgetting her dire situation and losing herself in the film.'] ["Philip Broadhurst, a wealthy businessman, dies and leaves his entire estate to his daughter Lucy, on condition that within six months of his death she marries Mathurin, the son of his best friend the Marquis Pierre de l'Esperance, and that they must be married by Cardinal Joseph do Balo, the brother of Pierre's uncle, the crippled Duc Rammendelo de Balo, who shares their crumbling farmhouse with Pierre's daughter Clarisse, and their servant Ifany, whom we see copulating with Clarisse at every opportunity. The problem is that Mathurin, who manages the family horse-breeding business, is dim-witted and deformed, and as a result has never been baptised. Pierre summons the local choirboy-loving priest to the house for the baptism, but Pierre, by promising the priest repairs to his church and a new bell, performs the ritual himself so that the priest doesn't find out the truth about Mathurin. Lucy and her aunt, Virginia, are driven by their chauffeur towards the farm but their way is blocked by a fallen tree. They find a back route to the house but end up at the stables where they see two horses copulating. Lucy eagerly takes some photographs, much to the disgust of her aunt. They eventually arrive at a back door to the house, where Lucy asks Rammaendelo about ghostly rumours she has heard about the family. Rammaendelo, who is not in favour of the marriage because he is dependent on Mathurin to look after him, shows her a book that describes the beautiful Romilda's fight with a beast in the local forest 200 years ago. Looking around the house, Lucy comes across several drawings depicting bestiality, and becomes sexually excited at the thought of her impending marriage, even though she has never met Mathurin. Pierre blackmails Rammaendelo into persuading his brother to perform the marriage by telling him that he has proof that Rammaendelo poisoned his wife. However, Rammaendelo is unable to get through to the Cardinal on the telephone. Pierre sends a telegram instead, assuring him that Mathurin has been baptised and urging him to attend that very evening. Everyone assembles for dinner, and Mathurin's uncouth manners soon become apparent. Lucy and her aunt try to leave, but are persuaded to stay. Everyone having drunk too much wine, most of the assembly fall asleep while waiting up for the Cardinal. Lucy retires to her room, undresses, puts on her thin wedding dress, and dreams that she is Romilda, playing a harpsichord. Seeing a lamb straying into the forest, she chases after it to find that it has been torn apart by a black hairy beast. Meanwhile, Pierre overhears Rammaendelo on the telephone to the Cardinal trying to dissuade him from performing the marriage. Angrily interrupting the conversation, Pierre cuts Rammaendelo's throat with a razor and tears the phone out of the wall. In the continuing comic dream sequence, the beast chases Lucy through the forest. She loses most of her clothing in the process and ends up hanging by her arms from a branch, and the beast licks her and masturbates. Lucy wakes in a sweat. Was it just a dream? She tiptoes to Mathurin's room but he is asleep, fully clothed, on his bed. Lucy returns to her room, masturbates, and dreams that the beast is copulating with her. She finds she enjoys it. She wakes again and is convinced that Mathurin must have visited her. She visits his room again but he is still sleeping soundly. Lucy eagerly returns to her dream. The beast continues to masturbate and Lucy rubs his ejaculate all over herself. Eventually the beast dies of exhaustion. Lucy wakes and walks into Mathurin's room to find him dead on the floor. She runs naked through the house screaming, and everyone runs to her aid. Virginia examines Mathurin's body and discovers that a plaster cast on his arm is concealing a claw for a hand. Pulling his clothes off reveals that he is covered in thick black hair and has a tail. They run out of the house in terror just as the Cardinal arrives to find out what is going on. Virginia comforts the terrified Lucy as they speed away in the car, and Lucy dreams that she is naked in the forest again, burying the beast.Bildstoerung » LA BÊTE - Die Bestie"] ["Ning Choi-san is a timid debt collector whose job requires him to travel to rural areas. He arrives at a town but is forced to seek shelter in a deserted temple in the forest on the outskirts because he did not have money to afford lodging at the town. That night in the temple, Ning meets a beautiful and alluring young maiden called Nip Siu-sin and falls in love with her. However, when he later recalls last night's events the next day, he becomes increasingly fearful and superstitious because a Taoist told him that the people he saw at the temple were ghosts. That night, he returns to the temple to spend his night there and confirms his theory that Nip is actually a spirit. Nip tells him her story of how she became eternally bound to the servitude of a sinister Tree Demoness. She explains that as long as her remains are buried at the foot of the tree, her spirit will be forever enslaved by Tree Demoness. Ning attempts to free her from her suffering. He seeks the help of a powerful Taoist priest and master swordsman called Yin Chik-ha, who he met earlier. Yin battles the Tree Demoness and attempts to free Nip's soul but fails. Nip's soul is taken to the Underworld for betraying her master. Ning is unwilling to give up on Nip and insists that Yin helps him. Yin manages to open a temporary portal to the Underworld. Ning and Yin enter the Underworld and attempt to free Nip's soul from suffering. They are unable to find her in the midst of thousands of other spirits. Eventually, Ning and Nip are able to see each other briefly near dawn when they come back from the Underworld after the fight. Sunlight shines on the urn containing Nip's cremated remains, but Nip cannot be exposed to sunlight or her soul will disintegrate. Ning holds on to a curtain to shield the urn from sunlight as he has a final conversation with Nip. Nip tells Ning that the only way to save her soul is to place her remains to rest at another more auspicious burial site before she returns to the darkness. Ning follows her instructions and with Yin's advice, Ning buries Nip's remains near the crest of a hill. He burns a joss stick for her and prays for her soul while Yin watches solemnly behind him."] ['Ruby Weaver  is weary of her long history of failed relationships with men when she meets Sam Deed  in a park. But after the two fall in love, Ruby becomes suspicious of Sam\'s past, his obsession with a "Chrystie Delancey", and "causal effect." Under pressure from her, he finally explains that he is really from the year 2470 and is what he calls a "back traveler." Ruby initially ignores this story, considering it yet another case of male nerdy weirdness, but after Sam\'s persistence, apparent conviction, and growing agitation, she begins to wonder. Finally she takes him to see her therapist . Ruby becomes worried as to Sam\'s sanity when he reveals that everything he has done was a deliberate attempt to change her life.'] ['While vacationing in Switzerland, physician Chris Nielsen  meets artist Annie Collins . They are instantly attracted to each other, and bond as if they had known each other for a long time. They marry and have two children: Ian  and Marie . Their idyllic life comes to an end when the children die in a car crash. Life becomes very difficult: Annie suffers a mental breakdown, and the strains on their marriage threaten to lead to divorce, but they manage to struggle through their losses. On the anniversary of the day they decided not to divorce, Chris is killed in a car accident. Unaware that he is dead and confused when nobody can interact with him, Chris lingers on Earth. He watches Annie\'s attempts to cope with the loss and he attempts to communicate with her, despite advice from a spirit-like presence that it will only cause her pain. When his attempts only leave her more distraught, he decides to move on. Chris awakens in Heaven, and finds that his immediate surroundings are controlled by his imagination. He meets a man  whom Chris recognizes as Albert, his friend and mentor from his medical residency, and the spirit-like presence from his time as a "ghost" on Earth. Albert will be his guide in this new life. Albert teaches Chris about his new existence in Heaven, and how to shape his little corner of it and to travel to others\' "dreams". They are surprised when a Blue Jacaranda tree appears unbidden in Chris\'s surroundings, matching a tree in a new painting by Annie. Albert explains that this is a sign that the couple are truly soul mates. Chris encounters an Asian woman with the name tag "Leona", whom he recognizes as his daughter Marie, living in an area shaped like a diorama she loved in life. The two share a tearful reunion. Meanwhile on Earth, Annie is unable to cope with the loss of her husband and commits suicide. Chris, who is initially relieved that her suffering is over, quickly becomes angry when he learns that those who commit suicide are sent to Hell; this is not the result of any judgement made against them, but that it is their nature to create "nightmare" afterlife worlds based on their pain. Chris is adamant that he will rescue Annie from Hell, despite Albert\'s insistence that no one has ever succeeded in doing so. Albert agrees to find Chris a "tracker"  to help find Annie\'s soul. On the journey to Hell, Chris finds himself recalling his son, Ian. Remembering how he\'d called him the one man he\'d want at his side to brave Hell, Chris realizes Albert is Ian. Ian explains that he chose Albert\'s appearance because he knew that Chris would listen to Albert without reservation. Before they part ways, Ian begs Chris to remember how he saved his marriage following Ian and Marie\'s deaths. Chris then journeys onward with the tracker. After traversing a field containing the faces of the damned, they come to a dark and twisted replica of Chris and Annie\'s house. The tracker then reveals himself as the real Albert, and warns Chris that if he stays with Annie for more than a few minutes he may become permanently trapped in Hell. All that Chris can reasonably expect is a chance to say a final farewell to Annie. Chris enters the house to find Annie suffering from amnesia, unable even to remember her suicide and tortured by her decrepit surroundings. Unable to stir her memories, he "gives up", but not the way the Tracker hoped he would; he chooses to join Annie forever in Hell. As he announces his intent to stay to Annie, his words parallel something he had said to her when he left her in an institution following their children\'s deaths, and she regains her memories even as Chris is succumbing to her nightmare. Annie, wanting nothing more at that moment than to save Chris, ascends to Heaven, bringing Chris with her. Chris and Annie are reunited with their children in Heaven, whose original appearances are restored. Chris proposes reincarnation, so that he and Annie can experience life together all over again. The film ends with Chris and Annie meeting again as young children in a situation roughly parallel to their first meeting.'] ['In 2006, Dr. Kate Forster is leaving a lake house that she has been renting in suburban Wisconsin to move to Chicago. Kate leaves a note in the mailbox for the next tenant to forward her letters should some slip through the system, further adding that the paint-embedded pawprints on the walkway leading into the house were already there when she arrived. Two years earlier, in 2004, Alex Wyler, an architect, arrives at the lake house and finds Kate\'s letter in the mailbox. The house is neglected, with no sign of pawprints anywhere. As Alex restores the house, a dog runs through his paint and leaves fresh pawprints right where Kate said they would be. Both Alex and Kate continue passing messages to each other via the mailbox, and each watch its flag go up and down as the message leaves and the reply arrives, which takes place as they wait at the mailbox. They cautiously look around each time the flag changes, hoping to somehow spot the other, but in vain they do not, as they are alone at the mailbox. Baffled, Alex writes back, asking how Kate knew about the pawprints since the house was unoccupied before he arrived. An equally perplexed Kate writes back, and she and Alex discover that they are living exactly two years apart. Their correspondence takes them through several events, including Alex finding a book, Persuasion, at a train station where Kate said she had lost it, and Alex taking Kate on a walking tour of his favorite places in Chicago via an annotated map that he leaves in the mailbox. Alex and Kate eventually meet at a party, but he doesn\'t mention their letter relationship to her. As Alex and Kate continue to write each other, they decide to try to meet again. Alex makes a reservation at Il Mare , a restaurant whose name is a homage to the original Korean motion picture, for around March 2006 — two years in Alex\'s future, but only a day away for Kate. Kate goes to the restaurant but Alex fails to show. Heartbroken, Kate asks Alex not to write her again, recounting a tragedy a year ago before, on Valentine\'s Day 2006, when she witnessed a traffic accident near Daley Plaza and held a man who died in her arms. Both Alex and Kate leave the lake house, continuing on with their separate lives. A year later, on Valentine\'s Day 2006 for Alex, Valentine\'s Day 2008 for Kate, Alex returns to the lake house after something about the day triggers his memory. Meanwhile, Kate goes to an architect to review renovation plans for a house she wants to buy. She notices a drawing of the lake house on the conference room wall and learns that Alex Wyler — the same person with whom she\'d been corresponding — had drawn it. She also learns that Alex was killed in a traffic accident exactly two years ago to the day and realizes why he never showed up for their date; he was the man who died in Daley Plaza. Rushing to the lake house, Kate writes a letter telling Alex she loves him, but begs him not to try to find her if he loves her back. Wait two years, she says, and come to the lake house instead. Meanwhile Alex has gone to Daley Plaza to find Kate. At the lake house, Kate sobs, clutching onto the mailbox stand, sure she was too late, but then the mailbox flag lowers; Alex has picked up her note. Soon, she sees a vehicle arriving and then a figure walking toward her. It is Alex. They walk toward each other. Kate says, "You waited!" She and Alex kiss, then walk toward the lake house.'] ['Ten years after a tragic train accident killed his girlfriend, Josh finds himself haunted by disturbing visions from somewhere between the world of the living and the dead—haunting memories that keep him from moving on. His buddy, back in town for their high school reunion, tries to wake Josh from his painful past, but a mysterious young waitress offers a seductive alternative.'] [' In 2006, Brooklyn Congressman David Norris unsuccessfully runs for the United States Senate. While rehearsing his concession speech, David meets Elise Sellas. Inspired by her, David delivers a candid speech that is well-received, making him a favorite for the 2010 Senate race. A month later, David prepares for a new job. At a park near David\'s house, Harry Mitchell receives an assignment from Richardson, his boss: Ensure David spills coffee on his shirt by 7:05 AM so he misses his Manhattan bus. Mitchell falls asleep and misses David, who encounters Elise on the bus and gets her phone number. David arrives at work to find his friend Charlie Traynor frozen in time and being examined by unfamiliar men in suits. David attempts to escape, but is incapacitated and taken to a warehouse. Richardson explains he and his men are from the Adjustment Bureau. They ensure people\'s lives proceed as determined by "the plan", a complex document Richardson attributes to "the Chairman".<ref name http://www.kansascity.com/2011/03/03/2694442/the-adjustment-bureau-damon-and.html|title  The Kansas City Star|quote 2007–10–18}}<ref name http://frontrow.dmagazine.com/2011/03/matt-damon-defies-gods-insidious-bureaucracy-in-the-adjustment-bureau/|title  D Magazine|quote 2007–10–18}} The Bureau confiscates Elise\'s phone number, and David is warned that if he talks about the Bureau he will be "reset"—akin to being lobotomized—and that he is not meant to meet Elise again. For the next three years David rides the same bus hoping to see Elise. He finally encounters her and they reconnect; he learns that she dances for Cedar Lake Contemporary Ballet. The Bureau tries to stop him from building their relationship by causing their schedules to separate them. David races across town, fighting the Bureau\'s abilities to "control his choices" to ensure he will meet Elise. During the chase the Bureau uses ordinary doorways to travel instantly to locations many blocks away. Senior official Thompson takes over David\'s adjustment and takes him to the warehouse, where David argues he has the right to choose his own path. Thompson says humanity received free will after the height of the Roman Empire, but then brought the Dark Ages upon itself. The Bureau took control again and created the Renaissance and the Enlightenment, but when free will returned in 1910 it resulted in the world wars and the Cold War which threatened earth with destruction. The Bureau stepped back in again before things got out of their control; and therefore the people no longer have “free will” but the “appearance” of free will. Thompson explains that Elise\'s influence is harmful  and warns him at Elise\'s performance that if he stays with her, he will ruin both of their futures. Thompson causes Elise to sprain her ankle, and David abandons her at the hospital to save them from the fate Thompson described. Eleven months later, Charlie tells David of Elise\'s imminent wedding as he campaigns again. Harry contacts David via secret meetings in the rain and near water, which prevents the Bureau from tracking them. Harry reveals that Thompson exaggerated the negative consequences of David and Elise\'s relationship, and teaches David how to use doors to evade the Bureau\'s adjustments. Just before the wedding David reaches Elise, reveals the Bureau\'s existence to her, and shows her how he travels through doors. The Bureau pursues them across New York City. David decides to find the Chairman to end the chase; Elise wavers briefly, but accompanies David. They enter the Bureau\'s offices and evade its forces. David and Elise find themselves trapped on the Top of the Rock, the observation deck of the GE Building. They declare their love for each other and kiss before David can be reset. When they let go of each other, the Bureau members have gone. Thompson appears but is interrupted by Harry, who shows him a revised plan from the Chairman that allows David and Elise to stay together. After commending them for showing such devotion to each other, Harry tells the couple they are free to leave. The film concludes with David and Elise walking through the streets as Harry speculates that the Chairman\'s plan may be to prepare humanity so it can write its own plans.'] ["Adolphe Menjou stars as Prince Lucio de Rimanez, who is in fact really Satan assuming a human form. When struggling writer Geoffrey Tempest  is moved to curse God for his misfortunes, Prince Lucio makes a sudden appearance, informing Tempest that he has inherited a fortune. The only proviso is that Tempest must place his fate entirely in the Prince's hands. As he ascends to the uppermost rungs of European society, Tempest is ordered by Lucio to marry Russian Princess Olga, even though the writer still loves his sweetheart Mavis Claire. Eventually, Prince Lucio reveals his true identity, but not before Olga has committed suicide. After rejecting the Devil and all his false promises, Tempest lives happily ever after with Mavis."] ['{{plot}} In the kingdom of Frell, baby Ella  is given the "gift of obedience" by her obnoxious and misguided fairy godmother, Lucinda . This turns out to be more of a curse, making Ella do anything she is told to do, no matter how terrible or physically impossible. Some years later, Ella\'s mother dies after instructing Ella to tell no one of the curse, not even her father. Eventually Ella\'s father  , in need of money, remarries a wealthy socialite. His greedy new wife, Dame Olga , and her two spoiled daughters Hattie and Olive  treat Ella poorly. They eventually realize Ella\'s obedience to commands, and begin making her life miserable. Ella, now a beautiful young woman, happens to meet Prince Charmont , the young, attractive, and very popular heir to the kingdom; they began to like each other, but Hattie and Olive decide to pursue "Char" themselves. Ella cannot bear to live under the obedience spell and Hattie\'s jealousy a moment longer, so she resolves to find Lucinda, the only one who can remove the spell. Mandy , the household fairy and the only other person who knows of the curse, introduces her boyfriend to Ella; he is in the form of a book but can help Ella by showing things such as pictures of people in their current surroundings. During her journey, Ella encounters an elf named Slannen , who wants to be a lawyer instead of an entertainer as the kingdom\'s laws now require. Slannen joins Ella on her quest, but they are captured by a group of ogres, who prepare to cook and eat them. They are rescued by Prince Charmont. He then accompanies her to a wedding in the land of giants, where Ella hopes to find Lucinda. As they make their way there, the prince and Ella begin to fall in love. They pass a plantation where giants are working as slaves, and Ella tries to open Char\'s eyes to the cruelty of the new laws oppressing elves and giants. There, Ella is forced to perform a rendition of Queen\'s "Somebody to Love", performed by Freddie Mercury. Char then suggests that Ella should come with him to his palace to visit the Hall of Records and track down Lucinda faster. At the palace, Charmont\'s uncle, Sir Edgar , has Ella\'s "gift" called to his attention by his talking snake, Heston, voiced by , who has been spying on the prince. When Edgar offers them Char\'s hand in marriage, Ella\'s stepsisters explain that she does everything she is told. Edgar knows that Prince Charmont intends to propose marriage to Ella, and he orders her to stab him to death and not to tell anyone of the plan. Sir Edgar also reveals that he murdered Prince Charmont\'s father. To prevent the murder of Char, Ella asks Slannen to tie her to a tree outside the city and to find the giants so they can help. Lucinda now appears before Ella, who asks her to undo the "gift" of obedience. Offended by the request, Lucinda refuses, saying that if Ella no longer wants the spell, she must remove it herself. She unties Ella from the tree and gives her a fancy dress and tells her to attend the ball. When Ella gets to the ball, Charmont almost immediately takes her to the Hall of Mirrors and asks her to marry him. Ella is about to stab him with the dagger Edgar provided, when she realizes how to free herself from the curse: looking into a mirror, she orders herself to no longer be obedient. This saves Prince Charmont from his uncle\'s treachery. But Edgar is watching the entire scene behind a two-way mirror, and before Ella can explain to Char why she tried to kill him, he orders the guards in, to lock her up and have her executed in a few days. Meanwhile, Slannen gets the giants, and the ogres come to help as well. They sneak into the castle just before the coronation. They rescue Ella and find out that Sir Edgar is poisoning the crown that is to be put on Char\'s head in the ceremony. When the crown is just inches above his head, Ella barges in along with Slannen and the ogres and screams, "Drop that crown!" Edgar and Heston call for knights and the ninja-like Red Guards, and they all battle in the hall against Prince Char, Ella, the ogres, the giants, and Slannen. During the fight, Ella has time to explain to Char everything that has happened. When Sir Edgar\'s forces lose the battle, Heston tries to bite Char, but is stopped by Ella and trampled by members of Char\'s fan club. This shows that Ella was telling the truth, and Edgar admits everything to the assembled crowd, saying it was justified because he is the only one fit to wear the crown. Then, carried away by his own rhetoric, he puts it dramatically on his own head, and promptly collapses from the poison, although he survives. Char and Ella kiss; her stepsisters arrive and order her to stop kissing, and she is delighted to refuse. Ella then walks up to Hattie and takes her mother\'s necklace back from her . Char once again asks Ella to marry him, and she agrees. The movie ends with their wedding and a musical number .'] ["The film stars William Powell as Arthur Peabody, who is undergoing a mid-life crisis as he approaches his 50th birthday. Much of the story is shown in flashback as Peabody tells his skeptical doctor the source of malaise. Peabody goes on vacation with his wife Polly  to a Caribbean resort. While there, he hears singing coming from a distant key  and takes his boat to do a little fishing. To his surprise, he reels in Lenore, a beautiful mermaid played by Ann Blyth. Although mute, Lenore is mischievous and childlike and more than a little bit alluring – so much so that before long Peabody has taught her to kiss. He hides Lenore by letting her soak in a suds-filled bathtub and then in the resort’s fish pond. But confusion ensues as his wife thinks he has a big fish in their bathtub and later suspects him of infidelity with Cathy Livingston , a vacationing singer. Things get even more complicated when, after Polly returns home without Peabody, police suspect him of murder. At the film's conclusion, Arthur Peabody and his wife are happily back at home in Boston with only Lenore’s comb left to prove the reality of his adventure."] ['Stéphane Miroux is a man whose vivid dreams and imagination often interferes with his ability to interact with reality. He is coaxed back to his childhood home after his divorced father passes away and his mother, Christine, finds him a job in a calendar printing company in France. His mother implies the position is a creative role, and he prepares colourful drawings, each showing a disaster, for his "disasterology" calendar. However, nobody appreciates his talents and it transpires that his mother had led him on - the real vacancy is for nothing more than mundane typesetting work. While leaving his apartment to go to work one day, Stéphane injures his hand helping his new neighbor move a piano into her apartment. The new neighbor, Stéphanie, invites Stéphane into her apartment  where her friend Zoé tends to his wound. Stéphane initially forms an attraction to Zoé, though he suspects it is instead Stéphanie who likes him. Stéphane realizes that Stéphanie, like him, is creative and artistic. They plan a project for use in a short animated film. Following the advice of Guy, Stéphane\'s sex-obsessed co-worker, Stéphane pretends that he isn\'t Stéphanie\'s neighbor, pretending to leave the building when he leaves her apartment. That night, when he is sleepwalking he writes a confusing note to Stéphanie that asks for Zoé\'s phone number. Stéphane realizes his mistake upon waking and retrieves the letter with a coat hanger, unaware that Stéphanie has already read it. Surrealistic and naturalistic elements begin to overlap, and the viewer is often uncertain of which portions constitute reality and which are merely dreams. One such sequence, in which Stéphane dreams his hands become absurdly giant, was inspired by a recurring nightmare director Michel Gondry had as a child.{{cite video}} As this line gradually becomes more blurred, Stéphane becomes more enamoured with Stéphanie the more he spends time with her and shares his many inventions with her, such as the "one-second time machine," a device that can go either forward or backward in time by only one second. Stéphane\'s dreams encroach on his waking life as he tries to win Stéphanie\'s heart and misses time at work. He breaks into her apartment, taking her stuffed toy horse, and implants a mechanism inside of it that will make it gallop. While putting it back into her apartment, Stéphanie arrives and catches him, demanding he leaves and becoming more upset with him. Embarrassed and heartbroken, Stéphane retreats to his own apartment where he receives a call from Stéphanie, who apologizes and thanks him for the gift she discovers: a galloping version of "Golden the Pony Boy," who she reveals was named after Stéphane. As the months go by, waking and dreaming become even more intermixed. To Stéphane\'s surprise, the calendar manufacturer accepts his "Disastrology" idea and it becomes a great success. A party is thrown in his honour, but he becomes depressed and begins drinking excessively after he witnesses Stéphanie dancing flirtatiously with another man. The next day, Stéphane and Stéphanie have a confrontation in their hallway when Stéphane announces that he doesn\'t want to be Stéphanie\'s friend any longer. Stéphanie becomes very upset, offering Zoé\'s phone number and reciting Stéphane\'s note. Stéphane, still unaware that Stéphanie has read the note, assumes that they are connected through "Parallel Synchronized Randomness", a rare phenomenon he has examined in his dreams. Stéphanie offers that they discuss their issues on a date, but on Stéphane\'s walk to the café to meet her, he has a frightful vision that she isn\'t there and she doesn\'t love him after all. He runs back to her apartment and bangs on her door, demanding that she stop torturing him; in actuality, she is indeed waiting for him at the café. Stéphane runs at her door, attempting to break it down, but winds up bashing his head and collapsing in the hall, where his mother eventually finds him bleeding. Tired of waiting, Stéphanie returns home while Stéphane, coaxed by his mother and her friend, decides to move back to Mexico. Before leaving, Stéphane\'s mother insists that he say goodbye to Stéphanie. In his attempt to do so, he becomes extremely crass, making sexual and offensive jokes to her, and accusing her of never being able to finish something she starts. However, he reveals that he is truly interested in her because she\'s different from other people. As his antagonistic behavior pushes her to her breaking point, Stéphanie asks Stéphane to leave but he instead climbs into her bed and yells at her, before spotting two items on her bedside: his one-second time machine, and the finished boat they had planned to use in their animated film. Stéphane falls asleep in Stéphanie\'s bed. As she checks on him to see why he has become so quiet, she gently strokes his hair. The film closes with Stéphane and Stéphanie riding Golden the Pony Boy across a field before sailing off into the ocean\'s horizon in her white boat.'] ['Emotionally withdrawn Joel Barish  and unhinged free spirit Clementine Kruczynski  strike up a relationship on a Long Island Rail Road train from Montauk, New York. They are almost immediately drawn to each other on account of their radically different personalities. Although they apparently do not realize it at the time, Joel and Clementine are in fact former lovers, now separated after having spent two years together. After a nasty fight, Clementine hired the New York City firm Lacuna, Inc. to erase all her memories of their relationship.  Upon discovering this, Joel is devastated and decides to undergo the procedure himself, a process that takes place while he sleeps. Much of the film takes place in Joel\'s mind. As his memories are erased, Joel finds himself revisiting them in reverse. Upon seeing happier times of love with Clementine from earlier in their relationship, he struggles to preserve at least some memory of her and his love for her. Despite his efforts, the memories are slowly erased, with the last memory of Clementine telling him: "Meet me in Montauk". In separate but related story arcs occurring during Joel\'s memory erasure, the employees of Lacuna are revealed to be more than peripheral characters. Patrick , one of the Lacuna technicians performing the erasure, is dating Clementine while viewing Joel\'s memories, and copying aspects of their relationship in order to seduce her. Mary , the Lacuna receptionist, turns out to have had an affair with Dr. Howard Mierzwiak , the married doctor who heads the company—a relationship which she agreed to have erased from her memory when it was discovered by his wife. Once Mary learns this, she quits her job and steals the company\'s records, then sends them out to all clients of the company. Joel and Clementine come upon their Lacuna records shortly after re-encountering each other on the train. They react with shock and bewilderment, given that they have no clear memory of having known each other, let alone having had a relationship and having had their memories erased. Joel beckons Clementine to start over; Clementine initially resists, pointing out it could go the same way. Joel accepts this, and they decide to attempt a relationship anyway, starting their life together anew.'] ['Seth is one of many angels who watch over humans and protect them in unseen ways. Seth\'s main responsibility is to appear to those who are close to death and guide them to the next life. As part of this task, Seth and one of his fellow angels, Cassiel , like to ask people what their favorite thing in life was. But despite their daily encounters, they appear to have trouble understanding human beings and their ways. While waiting to escort to the other world a man who will not survive heart surgery, Seth is impressed by the vigorous efforts of the surgeon, Maggie Rice , to save the ill-fated man\'s life and her sincere anguish at her failure to do so. Seth soon becomes preoccupied with Maggie and decides to become visible to her despite his obvious inability to give her many convincing details about himself, such as what he does for a living or even his last name. Despite this, they develop a friendship which soon turns to mutual attraction, although Maggie is already involved with one of her colleagues, Jordan Ferris , at the hospital. Seth then meets Nathaniel Messinger , one of Maggie\'s patients, who can sense Seth\'s presence and that of other angels. Nathaniel soon relates to Seth that he, too, had once been an angel but, by way of the free will granted to angels, decided to become human through the process he refers to as "falling". Seth begins to consider exercising this option so that he can be with Maggie in a fully physical and emotional relationship. When Maggie receives a marriage proposal from Jordan, she finds herself having to choose between him and Seth. Having realized that Seth is impervious to injury, Maggie finally confronts him and demands to know who or what he really is, but she is unable to accept the revelation and sends him away. Maggie later talks about Seth with Nathaniel who gradually reveals his own angelic origin. He explains to her why he himself chose to become human and points out that Seth is thinking of doing the same. Seth decides to become human through the symbolic gesture of jumping from the top of a skyscraper. Immediately upon awakening from the jump, he starts to experience all of the human feelings and sensations that he had never been able to understand, beginning with physical injury and pain. Up until this point, Seth\'s personality and emotions, like those of all the other angels, have been very subdued, but that starts to change. Now human, Seth has to find his way to the hospital to see Maggie, but he is told that she has gone to her uncle\'s mountain cabin for a break. Penniless and naive, he cannot pay for the journey and ends up getting mugged and having his boots taken from his feet by a gang of roving predators. He eventually hitches a ride to Lake Tahoe and appears, soaked and cold, at Maggie\'s doorstep. Seeing the split lip and condensed breath coming from his mouth in the cold air, Maggie realizes that he has given up his exalted status for her love. She sees to his wounds and then they enjoy warm, passionate lovemaking at last. The next morning, as Seth is in the shower, enjoying his first sensation of running hot water on his body, Maggie rides her bike to a local store to buy some pears for him. On her way back, happy and fulfilled, she rides her bike with her eyes closed and her arms wide open to the Autumn sunlight and her bright future with Seth. Her happiness is cut short by a truck that catches her by surprise when it pulls out in front of her. Seth senses that Maggie is in trouble and runs to her aid. He arrives in time for Maggie to tell him that she sees the angel who has come to escort her away. Although Seth is no longer able to see the angels, he knows they are there and begs Maggie not to look at them. Maggie tells him that she is not afraid anymore and that when they will ask her what her favorite thing in life used to be, she will say it was Seth. Seth now is experiencing the human side of loss and death. He questions if he is being punished for leaving heaven to be a human, when he was meant to stay where he was. Now grieving and alone, Seth is visited by Cassiel. Cassiel offers comfort and asks Seth if he knew this would happen, would he still decide to become human. Seth answers: {{cquote}} Seth mourns for Maggie and begins a difficult adjustment to his new life. The final scene recalls an earlier one with Nathaniel. It shows Seth at the beach where the angels meet every day at dawn to listen to the celestial music. With Cassiel and the rest of the angels watching, Seth expresses his joy in being human and the fact that he has come to terms with his new life by running into the water and playing in the waves. In a rare moment of emotion, Cassiel is seen laughing joyfully for his old friend.'] ["Young prince Jan has been sent to a quiet coastal resort to study for his final exams, but instead he spends most of his time with his new friend, the lighthouse keeper. Jan ignores the warnings of the locals who claim that the loony lighthouse man  eats seagulls for breakfast. Maybe the lighthouse keeper is crazy, but this does not prevent him from introducing prince Jan to the dreamland Taxandria, a phantasmagorical place devoid of time, memory, and progress. Jan learns that a reason for the lighthouse keeper's notoriety among the locals is that from time to time he hides political refugees from Taxandria from the authorities; in one scene, we see some of these fugitives arrive at the coast in a boat and taken in by the lighthouse keeper. It is however never made clear whether Taxandria really exists or if the viewer only sees what the lighthouse keeper relates to prince Jan, although once Jan is transported to Taxandria simply by looking into the lighthouse's rotating light while the keeper is away. As a failed scientific experiment in the past accidentally removed Taxandria from its home planet , all science, progress, and measure of time are outlawed as a consequence, whereas the Perennial Present reigns supreme. The land is ruled by two conjoined princes  always hidden behind a curtain, and their police force who insure that everyone there lives in the Perennial Present, as it is illegal to discuss the past or future. The police is headed by this world's evil counterpart of the benevolent lighthouse keeper  communicating the will and orders of the mute Two Princes, making him the effective ruler of Taxandria. While at first Taxandria seems a magical, wonderful place, Jan soon sees the darker side of this strange world. The people are not happy living only in the present; it is repressive. Soon he sees that many suffer from extreme paranoia. Aimé , the son of the evil Head of Police, seems to be a catalyst for change in Taxandria, as he is obsessed with making new inventions and learning about the country's past. Later, Aimé falls in love with Princess Ailée who is trying to free herself from the paradisaical confines of the Garden of Mirth, where women are kept away from men, and discovers the secret of his father that made him Taxandria's effective ruler while being the Head of Police, as well as the true nature of the Two Princes."] ['George Murray has been dating his girlfriend Jane Gardner for a while now, and is ready to propose. But Jane can’t bring herself to marry again after her first husband Doug broke her heart by cheating on her with the wedding coordinator. Desperately in love, George wishes things were different: that he had met Jane before she married Doug, making her not so jaded. After a car accident, George finds himself exactly ten years back in time, just a few days before Doug and Jane’s wedding. He goes to her work, which is at a building for the Don\'t Throw Away newspaper, and Jane "meets" him. George also gets revenge on a guy at work who took  Harvey\'s plans and caused him not to get the promotion he\'d been wanting. Jane\'s friend, Mary Brown, knows all about Doug cheating on Jane, but she can\'t bring herself to tell Jane. She and George talk about it and plan to get Jane to find out about Doug and the wedding coordinator. Mary wants Jane to go with George, since she despises Doug for cheating on her best friend. At Doug and Jane\'s wedding, Jane figures out about Doug and dumps him for George. They run off in his car, getting chased the whole time by Doug. They get into a minor crash and George wakes up ten years into the future, from where he is. He and Jane are married and are celebrating their 10th anniversary with a renewal of their vows. Mary got married to George\'s friend, Harvey.'] ['Dong  was dating Fan, but was infatuated with Yan . Dong suddenly dies in a fatal car accident, and Yan is badly affected. She relies on medication to escape from the reality and her true feelings toward Dong. Three years pass, and Yan takes advice from Dr. Yuen  to finally relinquish the medication. She starts seeing Dong repeatedly in her dreams and begins to suspect that her encounter with Dong is real. At the same time, she realizes that she is slowly falling in love with Dong. At last, Yan frees her true self to Dong and he fades away gradually as they both defeat the affliction within their hearts.'] ["A famous inventor  creates an extra-powerful weapon&mdash;an explosive mosquito. King Cain XVIII dreams of conquering the world and marrying the princess, but she is also loved by Yan, a vagrant musician. Yan's love leads him to surmount many obstacles and simultaneously thwart the insidious plans of the king."] ['Sardonic, self-absorbed TV meteorologist Phil Connors , news producer Rita  and cameraman Larry  from fictional Pittsburgh television station WPBH-TV9 travel to Punxsutawney, Pennsylvania, to cover the annual Groundhog Day festivities with Punxsutawney Phil. Having grown annoyed with the assignment, Phil grudgingly gives his sarcastic report and attempts to return to Pittsburgh when a blizzard shuts down the roads. Phil and his team are forced to return to Punxsutawney and stay in town overnight. Phil wakes up to find that he is reliving February 2. The day plays out exactly as it did before, with no one else aware of the time loop, and only Phil aware of past events. He is initially confused, but when the phenomenon continues each subsequent day, he decides to take advantage of the situation: he learns the town\'s residents secrets, seduces women, plays pranks, overindulges in unhealthy foods, steals money, drives recklessly, and gets thrown in jail. However, his attempts to get closer to Rita repeatedly fail. Eventually Phil tires of his excesses, becomes despondent and resorts to increasingly drastic measures to end the time loop; he gives ridiculous and offensive reports on the festival, abuses residents, eventually kidnaps Punxsutawney Phil and, after a car chase involving the police, drives into a quarry, evidently killing both himself and the groundhog. However, Phil wakes up again in his bed and finds that nothing has changed; further attempts at suicide are equally fruitless as he continues to find himself waking at six o\'clock on the morning of February 2 with the clock radio on his nightstand playing "I Got You Babe" by Sonny & Cher. When Phil explains the situation to Rita she suggests that he should work to improve himself. Inspired, Phil endeavors to try to learn more about Rita, building upon his knowledge of her and the town each day. He begins to use his by-now vast experience of the day to help as many people as possible. He also learns, among other things, to play piano at a professional level, ice sculpt expertly, and speak fluent French. Eventually, Phil is able to befriend almost everyone he meets during the day. He uses his knowledge of that day\'s experiences to save lives, help townspeople, and to get closer to Rita. He crafts a report on the Groundhog Day celebration so eloquent that all the other stations turn their microphones to him and the surrounding crowd erupts in applause and cheers at the report\'s conclusion. After the evening dance, Rita and Phil retire together to Phil\'s room. He wakes the next morning and finds the time loop is broken; it is now February 3 and Rita is still with him. After going outside, Phil suggests to Rita that they move to Punxsutawney.'] ['On a stormy night, Devendra , an engineer, drives down a hill road with his friend, to fetch his wife and child from the railway station. A landslide blocks their path and the friends take shelter in an old mansion just off the road. Devendra finds the house uncannily familiar. In the large front room he finds an old portrait which he recognizes. His friend and the old caretaker join him, and Devendra, amidst flashes of memory from another life, sits down to tell his story while the storm rages outside. Anand  had come to Shyamnagar Timber Estate as its new manager. An artist in his spare time, he roamed the hills and forests with his sketching pad and fell in love with Madhumati , a tribal girl whose songs have haunted him from a distance. Soon Anand meets his employer, Ugranarayan , a ruthless and arrogant man. Anand refuses to bend down to him like the others, and incurs his wrath. Anand also has enemies among his staff who have been fudging the accounts till his arrival. Sent away on an errand suddenly, he returns to find that Madhumati has disappeared. Anand learns from Charandas how Madhumati had been taken to Ugranarayan in his absence. He confronts Ugranarayan whose men beat him unconscious. Anand\'s life is saved, but his mind wanders. One day in the forest he meets a girl who looks exactly like Madhumati. She says she is Madhavi , but Anand refuses to believe her and is beaten up by her companions when he tries to plead with her. Madhavi finds a sketch of Madhumati in the forest and realizes he was speaking the truth. She takes the sketch to the rest house where Anand now stays and learns his story from Charandas. Meanwhile Anand is haunted by the spirit of Madhumati who tells him that Ugranarayan is her killer. Seeing Madhavi at a dance recital where she dresses as a tribal girl, he appeals to her to pose as Madhumati and appear before Ugranarayan and help him get a confession out of him. She agrees. Returning to Ugranarayan\'s palace, Anand begs permission to do a portrait of him. Next evening with a storm brewing outside Anand paints Ugranarayan. At the stroke of eight, Ugranarayan sees the pretend-Madhumati in front of him. Shaken, and goaded by the pretend-Madhumati, he confesses the truth. The police who have been waiting outside the room now come and take him away. Anand suddenly realizes that the questions "Madhavi" asked were on matters unknown to him. How could Madhavi know where Madhumati was buried? "Madhavi" just smiles and moves towards the stairs. Now the real Madhavi, dressed as Madhumati, rushes into the room. She is late, for the car failed on the way. Anand realizes that Madhumati\'s ghost had made an appearance, and runs up to the terrace where the ghost beckons to him. Madhumati had fallen from the same terrace trying to escape Ugranarayan. Anand follows the ghost, falling to his own death. Devendra\'s story is over. "But," he says "I finally did have Madhumati as my wife. In this life&nbsp;— Radha." Just then news arrives that the train in which his wife was traveling has met with an accident. The road the friends were to take is cleared, and the they rush to the station. From one of the coaches, Devendra\'s wife Radha  appears unhurt with her baby.'] ['In the early 1930s fishermen in the small Catalan port of Esperanza make a grim discovery in their nets, the bodies of a man and a woman. The resultant ringing of church bells in the village brings the local police and the resident archaeologist, Geoffrey Fielding , to the beach. Fielding returns to his villa, and retells the story of these two people, trying to make sense of the events. Esperanza\'s small group of English expatriates revolves around Pandora Reynolds , an American nightclub singer and femme fatale. All the men love her , but Pandora is unable to love anyone. She tests her admirers by demanding they give up something they value, citing Geoffrey Fielding\'s quote that the "measure of love is how much you are willing to sacrifice for it." One of her admirers  even commits suicide in front of Pandora and her friends by drinking wine that he has laced with poison, but Pandora apparently shows indifference. Pandora agrees to marry a land-speed record holder, Stephen Cameron , after he sends his racing car tumbling into the sea at her request. That same night, the Dutch captain Hendrick van der Zee  arrives in Esperanza. Pandora swims out to his yacht and finds him painting a picture of her posed as her namesake, Pandora, whose actions brought an end to the earthly paradise in Greek mythology. As with other men in Esperanza, van der Zee appears to fall in love with Pandora, and he moves into the same hotel complex as the other expatriates. Geoffrey and Hendrick become friends, collaborating to seek background information on the local finds. One of these relics is a notebook written in Old Dutch, which reveals that Hendrick van der Zee is the accursed Flying Dutchman, a 16th-century ship captain who murdered his wife, believing her to be unfaithful. His loss of faith leads him to blaspheme against God at his murder trial, where he is sentenced to death. The evening before his execution, a mysterious force opens the Dutchman\'s prison doors and allows him to escape to his waiting ship, where in a dream it is revealed to him that his wife was innocent. The next morning, he discovers his ship manned by ghosts, and that for his lack of faith in man and God he is condemned to sail the seas for eternity unless he can find a woman who loves him enough to die for him. Every seven years the Dutchman can go on shore for six months to find a woman willing to sacrifice her life for him. Pandora declares her love for van der Zee, but the infatuated Dutchman is unwilling to let her die, and tries to provoke her into hating him. On the eve of her wedding, Pandora approaches Geoffrey, pleading to understand who Hendrick really is. Once he sees the Flying Dutchman setting his sails, he hands her the translated copy of the notebook. On learning the truth, Pandora swims to the Dutchman\'s becalmed yacht. He shows her a portrait of his murdered wife and she realizes why the painting of Pandora looked like her; van der Zee was painting from memory. Hendrik explains they were once man and wife and through this he has been given the chance to lift his punishment, but he has rejected it because it would mean the loss of her life yet again. Pandora realizes this is why he has never felt like a stranger to her, and why she has come to him now, unafraid. He accepts her love and they are reunited for eternity. That night, a fierce sea storm overturns the yacht. The next morning, the bodies of Pandora and the Dutchman are found in fishermen\'s nets. Their destinies have been fulfilled and the curse has been lifted.'] ['The film follows Helen Quilley , who has just been fired from her public relations job. After she misses her train on the London Underground, the plot splits into two parallel universes, also detailing the separate path her life would have taken had she boarded that train. In the timeline in which she boards the train, she meets James ([[John Hannah  on the underground and they strike up a conversation. She gets home in time to catch her boyfriend, Gerry ([[John Lynch , in bed with his ex-girlfriend, Lydia ; she dumps him and moves in with her friend, Anna , and changes her appearance for a fresh start. James continues to serendipitously pop into Helen\'s life, cheering her up and encouraging her to start her own public relations firm. She and James fall in love despite Helen\'s reservations about beginning another relationship so soon after her ugly breakup with Gerry. Eventually, Helen discovers she\'s pregnant, believing it is James\' child, and goes to see him at his office. She is stunned to learn from James\' secretary that he is married. Upset, she disappears. James finds her on a bridge and explains that he was married but is now separated and planning to divorce. He and his soon-to-be-ex-wife maintain the appearance of a happy marriage for the sake of his sick mother. After she and James declare their love, Helen walks out into the road and is hit by a car. In the timeline in which she misses the train, she then hails a taxi instead but a man tries to snatch her handbag. Helen is injured in the scuffle and goes to the hospital. She arrives home after Lydia has left and carries on, oblivious of Gerry\'s infidelity, and takes two part-time jobs to pay the bills. Gerry conceals his infidelity and juggles the two women in his life; Lydia even interacts with Helen on several occasions. Helen has a number of conflicts with Gerry but discovers she\'s pregnant. She never manages to tell him, but does tell him that she has a job interview with an international PR firm. Gerry, thinking Helen is at her interview, goes to see Lydia at her apartment, who is also pregnant with his child. While at Lydia\'s, Gerry answers the doorbell and sees Helen standing at the door; she is stunned to see Gerry, while Lydia tells her she can\'t do the interview because she\'s "deciding whether or not to keep your boyfriend\'s baby." Distraught, Helen runs off and falls down Lydia\'s staircase while trying flee from Gerry. In both timelines, Helen goes to the hospital and loses her baby. In the timeline in which she boards the train, she dies in the arms of her newfound love, James; in the timeline in which she misses the train, she recovers and tells Gerry to leave for good. Before waking, she sees brief visions of the alternate Helen\'s life in a dream. In the final scene , James is leaving the hospital after visiting his mother, and Helen is leaving after ending her relationship with Gerry. Helen drops an earring in the lift and it is picked up by James. This mirrors the start of the film, where James picks up Helen\'s earring on the lift after Helen is fired from her job. Before the doors close, James tells Helen to cheer up, and repeats his line, "You know what the Monty Python boys say..." Helen  says, "Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition." She and James stare at one another, each surprised by her response. The lift doors close, leaving the audience to speculate whether it was fate or coincidence that brought Helen and James together under these circumstances.'] ["Sylvie is fascinated by the portrait of long dead Alain de Francigny and she is upset when her father, Baron Eduard, is forced to sell the painting. The Baron hires an actor to appear as Alain's ghost on the eve of Sylvie's 16th birthday, as a joke. Two admirers of Sylvie decide to also appear as ghosts. All this annoys the actual ghost of Alain de Francigny, and he too makes an appearance...{{cite web}}"] ["{{Plot}} Thorsson  the king is falling ill and wants to make a pilgrimage to an island cursed by Odin. The island is home to a horrible beast. His daughter Freya  is betrothed to Sven, one of Thorrson's greatest warriors. She doesn't wish Thorrson to go. Sven and Thorsson send a group of warriors to kill the Beast. The Beast kills many and only Sven and a few remaining warriors escape. The beast captures the king and keeps him prisoner. The beast appears to know Thorrson but Thorsson doesn't recognize him. Sven and the others return to the island. Sven tells Freya what had happened, but tells her that her father had been slain by the beast. Freya calls them all cowards. Later Freya tries to get an army together to go back and save her father . However, no one will join her and Sven reminds her that he is now king and that she is betrothed to him. Freya and Ingrid go to the island alone to rescue her father. The Beast finds them and lets Ingrid and the King go under the condition that Freya stays. Freya consents to the Beast's wishes. Ingrid returns to Thorsson's village, where she tries to convince the people to go and rescue her friend. Sven refuses to take action, saying that what's important is that the king is safe, and he will not risk his life over Freya's foolishness. Eric steps forward and tells everyone they've all been acting like cowards. He also says he'll go and save the king's daughter himself if Sven does not dare. Sven, not wanting to look like a coward, angrily agrees to send an army back to fight the beast and rescue Freya. Meanwhile Freya and the Beast begin to develop a friendship with each other. The Beast tells Freya that Agnar, one of King Thorrson's warriors and the man she loves died. Agnar killed Odin's creature so he was cursed by Odin to roam the island as a replacement. With each passing moon, Agnar slowly becomes more and more animal. The curse will cause Agnar to live forever as half-man, half-animal unless the spell can be broken, which involves the sacrifice of a loving heart. Agnar had tried to find out how to break the spell but has never figured out the riddle. Freya tells him her people will probably come back for her and kill him. The Beast says they can't stop the curse, but Freya is unsure. Sven returns to the island with an army and confronts the Beast. Freya tries to stop them, by telling them the beast is not a monster. Sven does not listen to her, thinking the Beast has fooled her mind. Sven and the Beast fight and ends with Sven shooting him. The warriors set the island afire and return home with Freya. That night there is a full moon and Odin's curse resurrects the Beast. The Beast journeys to Freya's home where Thorsson has recovered from his illness and is once again king. He enters the throne room and tells everyone he is really Agnar and that he wants Freya as his bride and to be leader of the clan. Sven challenges Agnar to a fight. Sven nearly slays the Beast when Freya, not wanting Agnar to die, comes between them. Sven's spear, which would have slain the Beast, slays Freya instead, and the Beast stabs Sven with his sword, killing him. As the Beast holds the dying Freya in his arms, Freya's sacrifice breaks the curse and the Beast is Agnar once again. The movie ends with Freya's body sent out to sea."] ['Zhuo Yihang was raised by Taoist Ziyang of the Wudang Sect and groomed to become a young chivalrous swordsman. He is placed in command of a coalition army formed by the eight major martial arts sects, which aims to prevent an evil cult from infiltrating China. During a battle against the cult, Zhuo Yihang meets a young woman called Lian Nichang and falls in love with her. She was an orphan, and was raised by wolves as an infant before being adopted by Ji Wushuang, the Siamese twins who lead the cult. After consummating their romance, Lian Nichang decides to leave the cult and follow Zhuo Yihang in pursuit of an ordinary life away from the jianghu . Lian Nichang succeeds in leaving the cult after suffering great pains. Meanwhile, Zhuo Yihang returns to Wudang and is horrified to see that his fellows have been murdered. The coalition believes that Lian Nichang is responsible and attack her when she arrives to meet Zhuo Yihang. Zhuo Yihang is forced to turn against Lian Nichang, and she morphs into a vicious white-haired killer after feeling that Zhuo had betrayed her love. In anger, Lian Nichang kills all the coalition members present. Suddenly, Ji Wushuang appears and reveals that he/she is actually the one who killed the Wudang people. Zhuo Yihang and Lian Nichang combine efforts to defeat and kill Ji Wushuang. However, even after the victory, Lian Nichang vows never to forgive Zhuo Yihang for betraying her and walks away with Zhuo looking on helplessly.'] ["In May 1485 two of the devil's envoys, Gilles  and Dominique , arrive at the castle of Baron Hugues  on the night of a celebration for his daughter's engagement. The Baron's daughter, Anne , is set to marry Renaud , a warlord who prefers talking about battle more than reciting love poems. Disguised as traveling minstrels, Gilles and Dominique enter the castle and use their powers of enticement to ruin the upcoming nuptials. Gilles seduces the innocent Anne, while both the Baron and Renaud become bewitched with Dominique. But, when Gilles accidentally falls in love with Anne, the Devil  arrives to ensure that any true happiness is destroyed. When Gilles and Anne are caught together in her room, Gilles is thrown into the dungeon, and Anne and Renaud's engagement is called off. When the Baron and Renaud realize that they are both in love with Dominique, they duel to the death and Renaud is killed. Following the Devil's orders, Dominique leaves the castle and entices the Baron to follow her in suit. Intrigued by Anne's unusual purity and faith in love, the Devil decides he wants Anne for himself. Making a deal with the Devil, Anne agrees to be with him in return for the Devil releasing Gilles from chains. Once Gilles is free, the Devil strips Gilles of his memory and Gilles walks off leaving Anne with the Devil. But, once Gilles is gone, Anne reveals that she lied and that she could never love the Devil. Returning to the fountain where she and Gilles first pronounced their love, Anne and Gilles reunite and through the power of love, Gilles recovers his memory. Finding the two once again in love, the Devil changes them both into statues, but finds that, even underneath stone, their hearts continue to beat."] ['In Heaven , angels are tasked with ensuring that humans on Earth find love. The "Captain", Gabriel , is upset at reviewing the file of angel partners O\'Reilly  and Jackson , all of whose recent cases have ended in divorce or misery. Gabriel is being pressed for results, so he introduces a radical new incentive: if their latest case isn\'t "cracked" - meaning, if the pair in question do not fall, and stay, in love, O\'Reilly and Jackson must stay on Earth forever, not appealing to them. They open their case file, and see what is in store for them... Celine Naville  is the spoiled twenty-something daughter of a wealthy businessman. When one of her suitors, a loathsome dentist named Elliott , proposes marriage to her, she offers to say yes, but only if he agrees to play "William Tell" with an apple on his head. As she takes aim with a pistol, Elliot\'s nerves fail and he moves to stop her, spoiling her aim and causing a non-fatal head wound. Robert Lewis  is a janitor employed in the basement of Celine\'s father\'s company. His dreams for writing a best-selling trash novel are shot down by his coworkers, he is told that he is being made redundant and replaced by a robot, by his manager. Whilst drowning his sorrows at a local bar, his girlfriend, Lily  tells him she is leaving him for an aerobics instructor. O\'Reilly and Jackson start their process by posing as collection agents repossessing all of Robert\'s things and evicting him from his apartment. Deciding this is the last straw, Robert storms to the high-rise office of Mr. Naville  while Naville is berating Celine for the William Tell fiasco. Security guards run in and start to beat Robert to a pulp, but Robert grabs one of their guns and holds them at bay . When Celine introduces herself, Robert decides to kidnap her. He drives her to a remote cabin in the California woods. Soon, it becomes clear that Celine is the one in control: after easily slipping free after he has tied her up, she surprises him by sticking around. Robert comes to realize that she is so bored with her normal life, and hates her father so much, that she is staying with the adventure, and the chance to get back at Naville. Eventually, she proposes that they partner up to extort a huge ransom. O\'Reilly and Jackson, now posing as bounty hunters, hire themselves to Naville to retrieve Celine and kill Robert. After Robert\'s first attempt to collect the ransom fails , he feels downcast, but Celine encourages him that he got away. Feeling cheered up, he takes her out to a rustic bar, where they pretend to be newlyweds, and sing "Beyond the Sea" on the karaoke machine. The next morning, Robert wakes up and is stunned to see that he and Celine have apparently slept together. Robert makes a second demand for the ransom, with a letter written in Celine\'s blood. Naville gives O\'Reilly and Jackson the money, and they go to meet Robert in the forest. To their disappointment, Robert appears willing to let Celine go in exchange for the money before O\'Reilly stops his getaway. Aside, Jackson confesses his fears that the two are not in love yet. O\'Reilly responds, "Jeopardy, Jackson. Always works." While O\'Reilly and Celine wait by their car, Jackson takes Robert into the woods to execute him. Before he can, Celine decks O\'Reilly, runs into the woods, and knocks Jackson out with a shovel. As Robert and Celine drive away, O\'Reilly grabs the towbar and rides along. As she points her gun, Robert and Celine jump from the car, and it careens off a cliff, with the money still inside. Since they are short of money, Celine decides to rob a bank with Jackson\'s pistol. The robbery goes smoothly, until a security guard shoots at Celine. Robert pushes her out of the way, taking a bullet in the thigh. Celine hurriedly drives him back to the city, to be operated on by Elliot . A little later, when Robert regains consciousness, he is appalled to see Celine playing a sleazy sexual roleplaying game with Elliott. A fight breaks out, and Robert knocks Elliott unconscious. As they drive away, Celine explains that she only agreed to Elliott\'s request so he would help Robert - and, in any case, it\'s none of Robert\'s business, since he and Celine aren\'t "involved," whatever he might think. Hurt, Robert gets out of the car and walks away. To get them back together, Jackson writes a love poem in Robert\'s handwriting and sends it to Celine. Overcome, she runs back to the bar, where Robert has started working as a janitor, and says he has won her heart with the poem. O\'Reilly and Jackson, listening, dance for joy... until Robert says that he\'s never written a poem in his life. Humiliated, Celine runs out again. But after she\'s gone, Robert\'s boss, Al , knocks some sense into him: Robert has nothing in his life except the improbable love of "an intelligent, passionate, beautiful, rich woman... so why are you even thinking about it?" Robert runs after Celine, but is too late: O\'Reilly and Jackson, believing they have failed, decide to make their Earth-bound lives bearable by kidnapping Celine for ransom. Robert tracks Celine to their hideout, where she\'s being held, blind folded and gagged. Robert knocks O\'Reilly down with a punch. As he struggles with Jackson, he tells Celine that he truly does love her. Just as O\'Reilly and Jackson are about to give her up and celebrate their success, the door is kicked down by Naville\'s butler, Mayhew , who shoots the two angels in the head . Leaving Celine locked in the trunk, Naville and Mayhew drove Robert and the two angels\' bodies to the cabin, planning to fake a murder-suicide. In Heaven, Gabriel\'s secretary begs him to intervene, but he protests that he doesn\'t have the authority. Instead, he telephones God and asks Him to do so. God agrees, and Celine is released from the truck by their neighbor, Tod . Taking Tod\'s gun, she runs to the cabin and confronts her father, while Mayhew holds Robert at gunpoint. Throughout the film, Robert has had recurring dreams of having his life saved by being shot through the heart by an "arrow of love." Taking a leap of faith, Celine shoots Robert through the heart, and the bullet passes through without harming him, to hit Mayhew in the shoulder, crippling him. Seeing Robert survive an apparent gunshot wound to the heart drives Naville insane. After a whispered conference in Al\'s bar, Robert and Celine walk outside to their wedding. In an epilogue, Gabriel frees O\'Reilly and Jackson from a pair of body bags. After Gabriel congratulates them on a successful case, the two angels embrace as they prepare to return home. In a second epilogue , Robert and Celine retrieve the suitcase full of money from the crashed car in the woods, then settle down in their new castle in Scotland.'] ['Paul Matthews  is a lonely biochemist with a crush on his unavailable co-worker, biologist Diane Farrow . His friends take him to a gypsy on 34th and Vine named Madame Ruth . After reading his palm and seeing absolutely no romance in his life, Ruth gives him a small amount Love Potion No. 8 on a piece of paper. As a scientist, Paul has doubts, and ends up throwing it in the trash when he gets home. Around this time, Paul\'s friends buy him the services of Marisa but all they do is talk. His cat gets into the trash and eats some of the potion; then it meows and attracts all the other cats in the neighborhood. When Paul sees the results, he takes it to Diane, and they find out the "scientific" properties of it. After analyzing it, they decide to use themselves as human test subjects. Diane ends up attracting an Italian car mogul and the prince of England, ending up getting a makeover in the process, while Paul has a string of hookups with women in bars, supermarkets, cars, and sorority houses. Paul and Diane realize their romantic attraction to each other and become involved. Eventually, Paul plans a proposal to Diane; however, when he comes by her house to do so, she has fallen into the arms of Gary, whom was originally only using her for sex, since she\'s under the influence of the potion. Paul gathers his friends and tells them about the potion, which causes them to laugh in his face. Marisa arrives at the house and uses the potion  and uses it on Paul and his friends, proving the power of the potion. By this time, Diane and Gary are getting married. Paul goes back to Madame Ruth, who gives him Love Potion No. 9, which will purify Diane and Paul\'s love forever . Paul and friends coerce the matron of honor at Diane\'s wedding to help them, and Diane ends up running out of the wedding into Paul\'s arms.'] ['Pete Sandidge  is the reckless pilot of a B-25 Mitchell bomber flying out of England during World War II. He is in love with Dorinda Durston , a civilian pilot ferrying planes across the Atlantic. "Nails" Kilpatrick , Pete\'s commanding officer, first transfers Pete and his crew to a base in Scotland and then offers him a transfer back to America to be a flying instructor. Dorinda has a feeling that Pete\'s "number is up" and begs him to accept. Pete agrees, but goes out on one last mission with his best friend Al Yackey  to check out a German aircraft carrier.A technical error by the writers involves the use of a German aircraft carrier. The only German aircraft carrier was the Graf Zeppelin; keel laid December 26, 1936, launched in 1938, but not completed and never put into service.Breyer 1989, p. 14. Wounded after an attack by an enemy fighter, Pete has his crew bail out before bombing the ship and crashing into the sea. Pete then finds himself walking in clouds, where he first recognizes an old friend, Dick Rumney . Suddenly becoming ill-at-ease after remembering that Dick went down with his aircraft in a fiery crash, Pete says, "either I\'m dead or I\'m crazy." Dick answers, "You\'re not crazy." Dick ushers Pete to a meeting with "The General"  who gives him an assignment. He is to be sent back to Earth, where a year has elapsed, to pass on his experience and knowledge to dilettante Ted Randall , first in flight school, then as a Lockheed P-38 Lightning fighter pilot in the south Pacific. Ted\'s commanding officer turns out to be Al Yackey. The situation becomes complicated when Ted meets the still-grieving Dorinda. Al encourages Dorinda to give the young pilot a chance. The pair gradually fall in love; Ted proposes to her and she accepts, much to Pete\'s jealous dismay. When Dorinda finds out from Al that Ted has been given an extremely dangerous assignment to destroy the largest Japanese ammunition dump in the Pacific, she steals his aircraft. Pete guides her in completing the mission and returning to the base to Ted\'s embrace. Pete accepts what must be and walks away, his job done.'] ['Nina, an interpreter, is beside herself with grief at the recent death of her boyfriend, Jamie, a cellist. When she is on the verge of despair, Jamie reappears as a "ghost" and the couple are reconciled. The screenplay never clarifies whether this occurs in reality, or merely in Nina\'s imagination. Nina is ecstatic, but Jamie\'s behaviour – turning up the central heating to stifling levels, moving furniture around and inviting back "ghost friends" to watch videos – gradually infuriates her, and their relationship deteriorates. She meets Mark , a psychologist, to whom she is attracted, but she is unwilling to become involved with him because of Jamie\'s continued presence. Nina continues to love Jamie but is conflicted by his self-centred behaviour and ultimately wonders out loud, "Was it always like this?" Over Nina’s objections, Jamie decides to leave to allow her to move on. At the end of the film, Jamie watches Nina leave with Mark and one of his fellow ghosts asks, "Well?" and Jamie responds, "I think so. Yes." At this point the central conceit of the movie has become clear: Jamie came back specifically to help Nina get over him by tarnishing her idealized memory of him.'] ['In May 1972, college theater student Richard Collier  is celebrating the debut of a play he has written. During the celebration, he is approached by an elderly woman who places a pocket watch in his hand and pleads "come back to me". Richard does not recognize the woman, who returns to her own residence and dies soon afterward. Eight years later, Richard is a successful playwright living in Chicago, but has recently broken up with his girlfriend and is struggling with writer\'s block. Feeling stressed from writing his play, he decides to take a break and travels out of town to the Grand Hotel. While looking at a display in the hotel\'s museum, Richard becomes enthralled by a photograph of a beautiful woman. With the assistance of Arthur Biehl , an old bellhop who has been at the hotel since 1910, Richard discovers that the woman is Elise McKenna , a famous early 20th century stage actress. Upon digging deeper, Richard learns that she was the aged woman who gave him the pocket watch eight years earlier. Traveling to McKenna\'s home, he discovers a music box she had made, in the shape of the Grand Hotel, that plays his favorite melody. He also discovers among her effects a book on time travel written by his old college professor, Dr. Gerard Finney , and learns that McKenna read the book several times. Richard becomes obsessed with the idea of traveling back to 1912 and meeting Elise McKenna, with whom he has fallen in love. Visiting Finney, Richard learns that the man believes that he himself very briefly time traveled once to 1571 through the power of self-suggestion. To accomplish this feat of self-hypnosis, Finney tells Richard, one must remove from sight all things that are related to the current time and trick the mind into believing that one is in the past. He also warns that such a process would leave one very weak, perhaps dangerously so. Richard buys an early 20th century suit and some vintage money and cuts his hair in a time-appropriate style. Dressing himself in the suit, he removes all modern objects from his hotel room and attempts to will himself into the year 1912 using tape-recorded suggestions, only to fail for lack of real conviction. Later, while searching the hotel\'s attic, Richard finds an old guest book from 1912 with his signature in it and realizes that he will eventually succeed. Richard again hypnotizes himself, this time with the tape recorder hidden under the bed, and allows his absolute faith in his eventual success to become the trigger for the journey back through time. He drifts off to sleep and awakens to the sound of whinnying horses on June 27, 1912. Richard looks all over the hotel for Elise, even meeting Arthur as a little boy, but he has no luck finding her. Finally, he stumbles upon Elise walking by a tree near the lake. She seems to swoon slightly at the sight of him, but then suddenly asks him if he is "the one". McKenna\'s manager, William Fawcett Robinson , abruptly intervenes and sends Richard away. Richard stubbornly continues to pursue Elise until she finally agrees to accompany him on a stroll through the surrounding idyllic landscape. Richard ultimately asks why Elise wondered aloud if he was "the one". She replies that Robinson somehow knows that she will meet a man one day who will change her life forever. Richard then shows Elise the same pocket watch which she will eventually give him in 1972, but he does not reveal its origin, merely saying it was a gift. Richard accepts Elise\'s invitation to her play, where she recites an impromptu monologue dedicated to him. During intermission, he finds her posing formally for a photograph. Upon spotting Richard, Elise breaks into a radiant smile, the camera capturing the image which Richard first saw of her 68 years later. Afterwards, Richard receives an urgent message from Robinson requesting a meeting. Robinson tries to get Richard to leave Elise, saying it is for her own good. When Richard professes his love for her, Robinson has him tied up and locked in the stables. Later, Robinson tells Elise that Richard has left her and is not the one, but she disbelieves him, stating that she loves Richard. Richard wakes up the next morning and escapes his constraints. He runs to Elise\'s room and finds that her party has left. Despondent, he goes out to the hotel\'s porch. Suddenly, he hears Elise calling his name and sees her running towards him. They return to his room together and make love. The next morning they agree to marry. Elise tells him that the first thing she will do for him is buy him a new suit, since the one he has been wearing is about fifteen years out of date. Richard begins to show her how practical the suit is because of its many pockets. He is alarmed when he reaches into one and finds a Lincoln penny with a mint date of 1979. Seeing an item from his real present wrenches him out of his hypnotically-induced time trip, and Richard feels himself rushing backwards with Elise screaming his name in horror as he is pulled inexorably out of 1912. Richard then wakes up back in the present. He is drenched in sweat and very weak, apparently exhausted from his trip through time and back. He scrambles desperately back to his own room and tries to hypnotize himself again, without success. Heartbroken and after wandering around the hotel property and sitting interminably at the places where he spent time with Elise, he eventually retires to his room and remains there unmoving for days until discovered by Arthur and the hotel manager; they send for a doctor and paramedics. Richard suddenly smiles and sees himself drifting above his body and, having presumably died of a broken heart, is drawn to a light shining through the nearby window, where he is reunited with Elise.'] 