["Reception http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/azumi/ |title2008-07-20 |publisher http://web.archive.org/web/20080726094726/http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/azumi/| archivedate no}} Metacritic reported the film had an average score of 49 out of 100, based on 14 reviews.{{cite web}}  {{main}} Immediately after the final events of the first film, Azumi and her remaining partner Nagara are stalked by the men of a warlord she recently assassinated. Upon escaping, they are forced to join forces with a local resistance and a group of bandits in order to kill the last remaining warlord and bring lasting peace to Japan. To make things even more complicated for Azumi, she must also confront her emotions in regards to a fighter who bears a scary resemblance to Nachi.  An action game for PlayStation 2, based on manga's original story, was developed by Gargoyle Mechanics and released in Japan only by Entertainment Software Publishing in 2005.IGN: Azumi The game was also re-released as part of the budget-range Simple series .  The theatrical version, directed by Okamura Toshikazu, premiered on April 3, 2005, starring Meisa Kuroki as Azumi."] ['Gennosuke is a rebel samurai on the run, having fled his clan after assassinating a counselor. The daughter of the counselor, Misa, and her fiance, Daizaburo, pursue Gennosuke along with other samurai from Gennosuke\'s clan despite Gennosuke\'s obvious superiority as a warrior. A series of flashbacks reveals that Gennosuke was manipulated into committing the treason by one of the clan\'s higher-ranking samurai, who led Gennosuke to believe that the counselor\'s death would result in modern reforms to the clan and in Gennosuke\'s promotion to a full-fledged retainer, instead of a lowly foot soldier. In fact, the ranking samurai simply wanted the counselor killed so that he could succeed to the position himself. He had used Gennosuke to do the "dirty work", and then abandoned Gennosuke to face the consequences of the crime. As Gennosuke flees, he is given refuge by a poor farmer named Gundayu. Knowing the Gennosuke is a skilled swordsman, Gundayu makes the fugitive his partner in a scheme to poach gold from the shogun\'s mountain. Doing so is dangerous, because of the presence of bandits and other poachers in the area, as well as the risk of being caught by the shogun\'s authorities and sentenced to death. On the mountain, Gennosuke discovers another samurai, Jurota Yamane and his wife Taka, who are stealing gold as part of a mission for their clan. It is eventually revealed that Jurota\'s clan is going to betray him and kill him and his wife after they have the gold. On hearing this Gennosuke is reminded of his own betrayal by the high-ranking men of his own clan. He decides to help Jurota and Taka instead of leaving the mountain for safety. Daizaburo and Misa catch up to Gennosuke as he is making this decision and follow him to the scene of the climactic battle. Gennosuke finds Jurota and Taka, but too late to stop their murder by their own clan. Instead he takes revenge of the gathered clansmen and mercenaries. After the battle is won, Daizaburo and Misa see the hypocrisy of the clan system mirrored in Gennosuke\'s situation and rescind their vendetta allowing Gennosuke to leave without a fight.'] ['On May 16, 1630, Hanshiro Tsugumo arrives at the estate of the Iyi clan, looking for a suitable place to commit seppuku. At the time, it is told, it was fairly common for disgraced samurai to make the same request, or threat, in the hope of receiving alms from the lord of the house. To deter him Kageyu Saito, counselor of the clan, tells Hanshiro a warning story wherein another ronin, Motome Chijiiwa – formerly of the same clan as Hanshiro – had made the same request and the samurai retainers of the house forced him to complete the ceremony and kill himself. When Motome\'s sword is revealed to be a fake made of bamboo, they refuse to give him a blade and insist that he disembowel himself with it, so that Motome\'s death is agonizingly painful. Despite this warning, Tsugumo maintains his request to commit suicide. While preparing for the ritual, Tsugumo recounts to Saito and the retainers that his lord\'s house was considered a threat and toppled by the shogunate, whereupon his friend, another samurai, committed seppuku and left Tsugumo to look after his son, Motome Chijiiwa. Required to protect Chijiiwa and support his own daughter Miho, Hanshiro lived in poverty and worked menial jobs to support his family. In later years Chijiwa and Miho were married and had a son, Kingo, but continued to live in poverty. When Miho and Kingo became ill and could not afford to pay a physician, Chijiiwa threatened seppuku at a lord\'s house. Soon after his seppuku, Miho and Kingo died from their illnesses. Hanshiro then reveals that before coming to the Iyi house, he tracked down two retainers of the house, Hayato Yazaki and Umenosuke Kawabe, whom he defeated easily and disgraced them by cutting off their topknots. A third retainer, Hikokuro Omodaka, comes to Hanshiro\'s home and challenges him to a ritual duel. Hanshiro and Hikokuro climatically duel in a brief but tense sword fight, where Hanshiro breaks Hikokuro\'s sword. Instead of honorably surrendering, Hikokuro continues to fight and his topknot is taken as well. When Hanshiro finishes his account, Saito angrily orders the retainers to kill him; whereupon Tsugomo kills four and wounds eight while slowly succumbing to his wounds. When a new group of retainers arrive armed with guns, Tsugumo begins seppuku but is shot. Kawabe and Yazaki are ordered to commit seppuku, while Omodaka is reported to have done so already; their deaths, and the four inflicted by Hanshiro, are to be reported as from "illness", lest word be spread that the Iyi House has lost face to a ronin.'] ['The blind masseur Zatoichi is hired by yakuza gang-leader Sukejoro Iioka  as he thinks that war is inevitable with the rival yakuza Shigezo Sasagawa . Zatoichi has a distinguished reputation as a swordsman and Sukejoro thinks he is money well spent. Shigezo responds by hiring a ronin of similar repute, Miki Hirate . Ichi is a meek and humble man who is commonly underestimated by most men, and looked upon suspiciously. His being a masseur, which was a position of low regard in feudal Japan, merely increases the hostility that is shown towards him. They even try to take advantage of his blindness in a gambling den, but from early on it is clear that Zatoichi draws strength from his disability. The only person who respects him is Hirate, who has a similar code of practice. Though Hirate and Ichi know they must fight when the war begins, they develop a kind of friendship. Hirate is eager to fight Zatoichi, as he is terminally ill with tuberculosis. As Hirate becomes increasingly sick, Sukejoro decides to attack Shigezo. He also tells Ichi that he is no longer needed. However, as the war begins, Sukejoro informs Hirate of his fallback plan since Hirate is ill, that he intends to shoot Ichi with his rifle. Hirate drags himself from his bed to fight Zatoichi on the condition that the rifle is left behind. Ichi learns from a boy at the temple where Hirate was staying that Hirate will be fighting after all, and also learns the reason. Zatoichi travels to the battle to duel with the dying samurai. After the tense final fight, in which Zatoichi prevails, Zatoichi leaves Iioka and rejects the advances of Otane , who has become disillusioned with the yakuza lifestyle, to continue as a solitary wanderer.'] ['A gang of marauding bandits approaches a mountain farming village, but their chief recognizes they have ransacked this village before, and decides it is best to spare it until the harvest in several months. A villager overhears this. The farmers go to their elder, who declares that they should hire samurai to help defend the village. Since they have nothing to offer but food, the elder tells them to "find hungry samurai." Several men go to the city, but are turned away by every samurai they ask. They watch as an experienced samurai, Kambei, deftly rescues a young boy taken hostage by a thief. Impressed, a young samurai named Katsushirō asks to become his disciple. Kambei insists that he walk with him as a friend. The farmers are overjoyed when Kambei agrees to help them. With Katsushirō\'s assistance, he recruits four more masterless samurai: Gorobei Katayama, clever and good natured; Heihachi, a good-humored samurai with mediocre swordsmanship; Shichirōji, an old friend of Kambei\'s; and Kyūzō, a taciturn master swordsman. Although Kambei had judged that seven samurai would be necessary, time is running short. The villagers beg him to take Katsushirō and, after some prodding, he agrees. The clownish Kikuchiyo, whom Kambei had rejected, follows them, ignoring their attempts to drive him away. When the samurai arrive, the villagers cower in their homes. The samurai feel insulted by their cold reception. Suddenly, the alarm is raised; the villagers, fearing that the bandits have returned, beg the new arrivals to protect them. Kikuchiyo, who raised the false alarm, rebukes the villagers for their poor behavior. The samurai accept him, bringing their number to seven. The villagers offer white rice to the samurai, the best they have, while they eat millet. As they prepare, the two groups slowly come to trust each other. However, when the samurai discover that the villagers have murdered and robbed fleeing samurai in the past, they become angry. Kikuchiyo castigates his comrades for ignoring the hardships that the farmers have to overcome to survive, including harassment from the warrior class. This reveals his origins as a farmer\'s son to Kambei. The anger the samurai felt turns to shame. They construct fortifications and train the farmers for battle. Katsushirō, the youngest samurai, begins a relationship with Shino, who had been forced to masquerade as a boy by her father to protect her from the supposedly lustful samurai. As the time for the raid approaches, two bandit scouts are killed, while another is captured and forced to reveal the location of their camp. Three of the samurai, guided by Rikichi, strike preemptively. Many bandits are killed, but Heihachi is slain by gunfire. When a woman emerges from the bandits\' burning house, she sees Rikichi and runs back inside to perish in the flames. Rikichi reveals that this was his wife, who had been kidnapped and defiled. When the bandits attack, they are confounded by the new fortifications. Several are killed attempting to scale the barricades or cross the moats. However, they possess three dangerous muskets. Kyūzō sets out on his own and returns with a musket. A jealous Kikuchiyo later abandons his post to get another musket, leaving his contingent of farmers leaderless. Although he succeeds, the bandits attack his post, overwhelming and killing some of the farmers. Kambei is forced to send reinforcements, leaving the main post undermanned when the bandit chief leads a charge against this position. Although they are repelled, Gorobei is shot and killed. Yohei is also slain. Kambei\'s stratagem is to allow one bandit to enter through a gap in the fortifications, block the rest with a "wall" of spears, and kill the lone enemy. This succeeds several times. On the second night, Kambei instructs them to prepare for a final, decisive battle. When morning breaks, Kambei orders his forces to allow the remaining bandits in. Most of the attackers are killed, but their leader takes refuge in a hut unseen. In what is portrayed as a dishonorable act, he shoots Kyūzō from the hut, killing him. A despondent Katsushirō seeks to avenge his hero, but an enraged Kikuchiyo charges ahead of him, only to be shot himself. Kikuchiyo kills the bandit chief before dying. Kambei and Shichirōji sadly observe "we\'ve survived once again". Afterward, the three surviving samurai watch the villagers happily planting the next crop. They reflect on the relationship between the warrior and farming classes: though they have won the battle, they have lost their friends with little to show for it. "Again we are defeated," Kambei muses. "The winners are those farmers. Not us."'] ["On their way to a maneuver, a wildly mixed group of Japanese soldiers with a tank, an APC, a patrol boat and a helicopter suddenly find themselves stranded 400 years in the past and under attack by samurai forces. Their designated leader, Lieutenant Yoshiaki Iba , befriends and joins forces with Nagao Kagetora, the war leader of lord Koizumi. Seeing the stranded soldiers' war machinery in action, Kagetora persuades Iba to aid him in his struggle for supremacy in Japan.  In the meantime, however, Iba finds himself facing the desperation of his men who want to return to their own time. Some make contact with the locals - one of the soldiers, Mimura, even finds himself a consort who keeps following him - whilst others freak out, running away in a desperate attempt to return home, or rebelling against rules and restrictions and try to live a pirate's life. Finally, his force shrunk from 21 men to 11, Iba manages to calm his troops by telling them that by fighting history and thus creating a time paradox they might be able to return home. Iba joins Kagetora and fights by his side. Finally, Iba and the soldiers face Takeda Shingen's forces in battle. But their trust in their advanced weaponry costs them dearly: Shingen's forces outmaneouver them at every turn, the soldiers lose all their vehicles and major weapons, and five of them die on the battlefield. In a desperate attempt, Iba forces his way to Shingen's command post and kills him in a sword duel. As Iba and his remaining men go to join Kagetora in Kyoto, the latter is put under pressure by his family and the Shogun Ashikaga Yoshiaki to get rid of Iba. Reluctantly conceding, Kagetora intercepts Iba's group at an old temple. But as Iba prepares to kill Kagetora for his betrayal, he is shot by him. The other soldiers are killed by Kagetora's archers, and Mimura's consort delivers the coup-de-grace to her lover. Kagetora shows remorse by burying Iba and his men with all due honors. In the end, only one of the soldiers survives, who had left the group to help a boy and his family, whose father had been killed."] ["A ronin wanders into a small town being ruined by a gang war between Seibei and Ushitora. Ushitora used to be Seibei's right hand man, until Seibei decided that his son Yoichiro would succeed him. Tazaemon, the silk merchant and mayor, backs Seibei, while Tokuemon the sake brewer is allied with Ushitora. Gonji, a restaurant proprietor, advises the stranger to leave while he can, but after sizing up the situation, he tells Gonji that the town would be better off with both sides dead, and that he intends to do the job. The ronin first convinces the weaker Seibei to hire him as a kensei by demonstrating his skill, killing three of Ushitora's men. He eavesdrops on Seibei's wife Orin ordering their son to stab him in the back after their victory so they will not have to pay him. The ronin then provokes the two factions into attacking each other , but the untimely arrival of an official spoils his plan before any blood is shed. Seibei and Ushitora keep an uneasy peace to avoid attracting government notice. When the two factions decide to settle their differences, the ronin stirs things up again. Learning that Ushitora hired two assassins to kill an officer many miles away to get the government official to leave, the ronin captures and sells the pair to Seibei. Then he tells Ushitora that Seibei's men have caught them. Alarmed, Ushitora hires him. Ushitora has Yoichiro kidnapped and offers an exchange of prisoners, but double crosses Seibei, having his brother Unosuke shoot the assassins with the only firearm in town, his beloved pistol, when they are brought to be traded. The wily Seibei, however, has taken a beautiful woman that Tokuemon is infatuated with. The woman is swapped for Yoichiro. Gonji informs the ronin that the woman is the wife of a farmer named Kohei. Ushitora seized her and Kohei's home as payment for a gambling debt. He then gave her to Tokuemon to gain his support. The ronin kills all six guards assigned to the woman and reunites her with her husband and son. He gives them the money Ushitora paid him and tells them to leave town. However, Unosuke becomes suspicious of his claim that Seibei's men are responsible and uncovers the ronin's double dealing. The stranger is beaten in an attempt find out where the woman is hiding. When the ronin manages to escape, Ushitora decides to eliminate Seibei once and for all. He succeeds in wiping out the opposing gang. With the help of Gonji, the ronin recuperates in hiding. However, when he learns that Gonji has been caught while bringing food and medicine, he returns to town to confront the remainder of Ushitora's men. Unosuke and his pistol are a dangerous combination, but the ronin manages to kill them all, sparing only one terrified young man he had encountered at the beginning of the film, who had run away from a boring, poverty-stricken life as a farmer. Then, the ronin leaves town."] ["The plot centers on Inukai Heishiro , the son of a clan officer. One of his clan's most precious heirlooms, a sword given them by the Shogun, has been stolen by the samurai Kazamatsuri . Against his father's advice, Heishiro insists on retrieving the sword himself. His father sends two ninja after him to make sure he doesn't do anything stupid. Kazamatsuri wounds Heishiro, and kills one of his companions. The young noble ends up staying with an older samurai  and his daughter Koharu  while he heals from his wound and plans his next move. The older samurai tries to dissuade him from fighting, but Heishiro's honor won't allow him to leave Kazamatsuri alive. The older samurai, who turns out to be the master Hanbei Mizoguchi, convinces him to fight Kazamatsuri by throwing rocks rather than with swords. Meanwhile Kazamatsuri settles for a few days at a gambling house owned by Lady Okatsu , who falls in love with him. Then one night one of the ninja sent to protect Heishiro bribes her to poison his sake for one thousand gold. She does, but Kazamatsuri tastes the poison and kills Okatsu. He then kidnaps Koharu in an attempt to get the master Mizoguchi to fight him. Mizoguchi reveals to Heishiro that he killed Koharu's father, and has since never drawn his sword on another man, despite his immense skill. They then go to find Kazamatsuri and rescue Koharu. While Mizoguchi stalls Kazamatsuri, Heishiro takes Koharu aside and says he will marry her if Mizoguchi wins. Kazamatsuri fights Mizoguchi, who only draws his sword after his opponent destroys his wooden sword. He then disarms Kazamatsuri near a cliff. Kazamatsuri, admitting defeat, commits suicide by jumping off the cliff. Heishiro and the others go to the bottom, where there is no sign of Kazamatsuri's body, but Koharu spots the stolen sword at the bottom of the river, where Heishiro retrieves it. Flash forward one year. Heishiro has married Koharu, the sword is restored, and Mizoguchi is now an official in Heishiro's clan."] ['Following the battle of Sekigahara, Takezo  and his friend Matahachi  find themselves on the losing side. Instead of the grand victory and glory Takezo had anticipated, he finds himself a hunted fugitive. The pair seek shelter with a widow and her daughter. Both women attempt to seduce Takezo but are rejected. The widow then tells Matahachi that Takezo tried to assault her and convinces him to escort her and her daughter to Kyoto. Matahachi agrees even though he loves  Otsu , a woman from his village. Takezo returns to his village to tell Matahachi\'s family that he is still alive. Matahachi\'s mother doesn\'t believe him and he is arrested for treason. There is a village wide search for Takezo, organized by the lord. Even after using his relatives as bait, the villagers cannot catch Takezo. Takezo is finally captured by the Buddhist priest Takuan Sōhō, who tells the lord that he must be allowed to use his methods to control him. The priest believes that he can straighten him out, but Takezo escapes with Otsu\'s help. Takezo is then captured again by the priest after finding out that Otsu has been taken to Himeji Castle. He is tricked and locked in a room in the castle for three years. The end of the film shows Takezo being granted his samurai name \'Musashi Miyamoto.\' He then leaves to search for enlightenment, leaving two messages for Otsu: "Soon I will be back" and "Forgive me."'] ['In the Edo period of Japan, Isaburo Sasahara is a vassal of the daimyo of the Aisu clan. Sasahara is the most skilled swordsman in the land, whose only rival in ability is his good friend Tatewaki Asano . Isaburo is in a loveless marriage with a shrew of a woman. One day one of the daimyo\'s advisors orders Isaburo\'s elder son Yogoro  to marry the daimyo\'s ex-concubine, Ichi , even though she is the mother to one of the daimyo\'s sons. With much trepidation, the family agrees. In time, Ichi and Yogoro find love and happiness in the marriage and a daughter Tomi is born. In the meantime, the daimyo\'s primary heir dies, and he orders his ex-concubine to rejoin his household to care for their son and heir. The family refuses, but Ichi is tricked into the castle by Isaburo\'s younger son, and her husband and father-in-law are ordered to commit seppuku for their insolence and insubordination. Isaburo counters that he will comply only if the heads of the daimyo and his two primary advisors are brought to him first. Isaburo sends his younger son and wife away and dismisses his household servants. With his elder son he prepares for battle, removing the tatami from his house to prevent slipping in the blood that will be spilled and removing the house\'s walls to allow for more space for combat. The daimyo\'s steward, accompanied by a platoon of 20 samurai, brings Ichi to the Sasahara house and tries to force her at spear point to renounce her marriage to Yogoro and join the daimyo\'s household. The daimyo also "graciously" offers to commute Isaburo and Yogoro\'s sentences to permanent confinement in a shrine outside his castle. Not only does Ichi refuse to join his household, she throws herself onto a spear instead of abandoning her husband. Her husband goes to her side and is killed with her in his arms. His father, enraged, kills the steward\'s entire party, killing the steward last as he attempts to flee. Burying the dead couple, Isaburo now decides to take his case with Tomi to the Shogun in Edo regardless of the consequences to his clan. Tatewaki, who is guarding the gate, cannot permit Isaburo to pass, and a climactic duel follows with his good friend. Isaburo is the victor, but assassins hidden nearby cut Isaburo down with musket fire. In his dying breath, he laments that no one will ever know the love story of Yogoro and Ichi, which had inspired him, an otherwise obedient vassal, to rise against his clan and lord. He beseeches Tomi to be a good and kind woman like her mother, and to seek out a fine and kind husband like her father. As Isaburo dies, we see Tomi\'s wet-nurse comforting the baby: she has been secretly following him. Presumably, the legend begins.'] ['The film opens on a woodcutter  and a priest  sitting beneath Rashōmon gate to stay dry in a downpour. A commoner joins them and they tell him that they\'ve witnessed a disturbing story, which they then begin recounting to him. The woodcutter claims he found the body of a murdered samurai three days earlier while looking for wood in the forest; upon discovering the body, he says, he fled in a panic to notify the authorities. The priest says that he saw the samurai and the woman traveling the same day the murder happened. Both men were then summoned to testify in court, where they met the captured bandit Tajōmaru , who claimed responsibility for the rape and murder. {{multiple image}} ;The bandit\'s story Tajōmaru, a notorious brigand, claims that he tricked the samurai to step off the mountain trail with him and look at a cache of ancient swords he discovered. In the grove he tied the samurai to a tree, then brought the woman there. She initially tried to defend herself with a dagger, but was eventually "seduced" by the bandit. The woman, filled with shame, then begged him to duel to the death with her husband, to save her from the guilt and shame of having two men know her dishonor. Tajōmaru honorably set the samurai free and dueled with him. In Tajōmaru\'s recollection they fought skillfully and fiercely, but in the end Tajōmaru was the victor and the woman ran away. At the end of the story to the court, he is asked about an expensive dagger owned by the samurai\'s wife: he says that, in the confusion, he forgot all about it, and that it was foolish of him to leave behind such a valuable object. ;The wife\'s story The samurai\'s wife tells a different story to the court. She says that Tajōmaru left after raping her. She begged her husband to forgive her, but he simply looked at her coldly. She then freed him and begged him to kill her so that she would be at peace. He continued to stare at her with a look of loathing. His expression disturbed her so much that she fainted with dagger in hand. She awoke to find her husband dead with the dagger in his chest. She attempted to kill herself, but failed in all her efforts. ;The samurai\'s story The court then hears the story of the deceased samurai, told through a medium . The samurai claims that Tajōmaru, after raping his wife, asked her to travel with him. She accepted and asked Tajōmaru to kill her husband so that she would not feel the guilt of belonging to two men. Tajōmaru, shocked by this request, grabbed her, and gave the samurai a choice of letting the woman go or killing her.  The woman fled, and Tajōmaru, after attempting to recapture her, gave up and set the samurai free. The samurai then killed himself with his wife\'s dagger; later, somebody removed the dagger from his chest.  ;The woodcutter\'s story Back at Rashōmon gate , the woodcutter explains to the commoner that the samurai\'s story was a lie. The woodcutter had actually witnessed the rape and murder, he says, but just did not want to get too involved at the trial. According to the woodcutter\'s new story, Tajōmaru begged the samurai\'s wife to marry him, but the woman instead freed her husband. The husband was initially unwilling to fight Tajōmaru, saying he would not risk his life for a spoiled woman, but the woman then criticized both him and Tajōmaru, saying they were not real men and that a real man would fight for a woman\'s love. She spurred the men to fight one another, but then hid her face in fear once they raise swords; the men, too, were visibly fearful as they began fighting. They began a duel that was much more pitiful than Tajōmaru\'s account had made it sound, and Tajōmaru ultimately won through a stroke of luck. After some hesitation he killed the samurai, who begged for his life on the ground, and the woman fled in horror. Tajōmaru could not catch her, but took the samurai\'s sword and left the scene limping. ;Climax At the gate, the woodcutter, priest, and commoner are interrupted from their discussion of the woodcutter\'s account by the sound of a crying baby. They find the baby abandoned in a basket, and the commoner takes a kimono and an amulet that have been left for the baby. The woodcutter reproaches the commoner for stealing from the abandoned baby, but the commoner chastises him. Having deduced that the woodcutter in fact stole the dagger from the scene of the murder, the commoner mocks him, "a bandit calling another a bandit". The commoner leaves Rashōmon, claiming that all men are motivated only by self-interest. These deceptions and lies shake the priest\'s faith in humanity. He is brought back to his senses when the woodcutter reaches for the baby in the priest\'s arms. The priest is suspicious at first, but the woodcutter explains that he intends to take care of the baby along with his own children, of whom he already has six. This simple revelation recasts the woodcutter\'s story and the subsequent theft of the dagger in a new light. The priest gives the baby to the woodcutter, saying that the woodcutter has given him reason to continue having hope in humanity. The film closes on the woodcutter, walking home with the baby. The rain has stopped and the clouds have opened revealing the sun in contrast to the beginning where it was overcast.'] ['At the start of the film, the main character, Iguchi Seibei, becomes a widower when his wife succumbs to tuberculosis. His wife receives a grand funeral, more than what a lowest-ranking samurai such as Seibei could afford. Seibei works in the grain warehouse, accounting for stores inventory for the samurai clan. His samurai colleagues give him the condescending nickname "Tasogare Seibei" or "Twilight Seibei" &mdash; when evening approaches, Seibei rushes home to look after his senile elderly mother and two young daughters, Kayano and Ito, instead of bonding with his supervisor and other samurai colleagues over customary nights of dinner, geisha entertainment, and sake drinking. Even though he is a samurai, Seibei continues to neglect his own appearance, failing to bathe and being shabbily dressed. The well-being of his young daughters and medicine for his mother take priority over new clothes or covering the monthly bath fee. Things change when Seibei\'s childhood friend, Tomoe  returns to town. Recently divorced from an abusive alcoholic husband , Tomoe finds comfort and solace with Seibei\'s daughters. When her ex-husband Koda barges into the household of Michinojo in the middle of night in a drunken demand for Tomoe, Seibei accepts a duel with the captain, hoping to put a stop to the abuse. There seems little chance for him to beat the captain, but Seibei feels he must try. Dueling amongst clan members is strictly forbidden. The penalty is usually death for the winner as the loser is already dead. Seibei decides to use only a wooden stick whilst Koda brandishes a steel katana. Seibei overcomes Koda, sparing both their lives. When Iinuma Michinojo asks Seibei to marry his sister, he feels that Iinuma is teasing him for his strong feelings for Tomoe, like when he, Iinuma, and Tomoe were children. Iinuma knows Tomoe\'s feeling for Seibei, and Seibei is a kind man who would treat Tomoe better than Koda. With much deep regret, Seibei cannot accept Iinuma\'s offer of his sister\'s hand in marriage, citing his inferior social status and how he did not want to see Tomoe share the burden of poverty as Seibei struggles every month to feed Kayano and Ito whilst caring for his ailing mother. Seibei stoically regrets how his departed wife suffered in his care, who came from a higher samurai family. Iinuma talks no more of it. Tomoe stops seeing Kayano and Ito. In the final act, the head of Seibei\'s clan, having heard of his prowess with a sword, orders Seibei to kill a samurai retainer, Yogo Zen\'emon, who has been "disowned" and who stubbornly refuses to resign his post by committing seppuku. The young lord of the clan has died from measles, and there is a succession struggle going on behind the scenes over who will be the new lord of the clan. Yogo ended up on the losing side of this conflict, hence his ordered suicide. Yogo killed a formidable samurai who was sent to kill him. Seibei is promised a rise in social standing and pay if he accepts the dangerous mission. Seibei is very reluctant at first, requesting one month to prepare for it. He says that, because of great hardship in his life, he has lost all resolve to fight with ferocity and disregard for his own life, because of the experience of watching his two girls grow. As they continue to insist, he requests two days to get himself up to the task. The new clan leader is furious over this answer and orders him removed from the clan. Seibei is finally forced to agree to attempt the mission. Upon parting that evening, Seibei\'s supervisor  promises him that he will make sure the girls will be taken care of if the worst comes to pass. The following morning, Seibei attempts to get ready, but there is no one to help him prepare in the rituals that are customary of samurai before battle. With no one to turn to, he asks Tomoe for her assistance. Before he leaves, he tells Tomoe that he was wrong not to propose marriage. He says that if he lives, he would like to ask for her hand in marriage now that there is promise of a promotion. She regretfully tells Seibei she has already accepted another man\'s proposal. Seibei, feeling like a fool, tells Tomoe to forget about the silly conversation. Tomoe says that she will not be waiting at his household for him to return, but that she hopes from her heart that he will return safely. Seibei says he understands completely. He thanks Tomoe for her generosity for assisting him in this final ritual. They part. At Yogo\'s house, Seibei finds his target drinking in a dark, fly-infested room. Yogo recognizes Seibei and invites him to sit and drink. He then asks Seibei to allow him to run away. He explains he was only faithfully serving his master and describes how both his wife and daughter also died of tuberculosis and only thanks to his master\'s generosity could he afford a proper funeral. Seibei commiserates and explains how he sold his katana to pay for his wife\'s funeral. He reveals that his scabbard contains a fake bamboo sword. This angers Yogo who believes Seibei is mocking him. Seibei explains he has been trained with the short sword, which he still carries, but Yogo is not placated. Seibei\'s kodachi fighting style is matched up against Yogo\'s ittōryū  swordsmanship in an intense close quarters duel. Despite allowing Yogo to slash him several times, Seibei kills Yogo when his longer sword gets caught in the rafters. Despite his wounds, Seibei limps home. Kayano and Ito rush to him in the courtyard, happy to see him. Tomoe is still there, waiting in the house. They have an emotional reunion and are married. In a brief epilogue, his younger daughter explains that their happiness was not to last: He died three years later in the Boshin War, Japan\'s last civil war. Ito often heard from fellow co-workers that Tasogare Seibei was a very unfortunate character, a most pathetic samurai with no luck at all. Ito disagrees: her father never had any ambition to become anything special; he loved his two daughters, and was loved by the beautiful Tomoe.'] ['Following the massacre of many thousands of Christians by soldiers of the Tokugawa Empire after the Shimabara Rebellion, Shiro Amakusa renounces the God who he feels abandoned them, and bargains his soul to the forces of darkness for the power to take his revenge. He gains the power to resurrect the dead, and begins with Hosokawa, the wife of a samurai who mocked her for her chastity and then left her to die during the invasion. Shiro restores her beauty in exchange for her loyalty. Next, they travel to the cave of legendary swordsman Miyamoto Musashi, who regrets that he neglected his lovely wife to find more opponents to duel, and that his advanced age prevents him from challenging the one rival he considered worthy to test his technique. He initially resists the pair, but suffers a heart attack and agrees to join them. During this exchange, his cave is visited by Yagyu Jubei, son of a samurai master and a powerful swordsman in his own right. Jubei rushes to Musashi\'s aid only to find an empty suit of armor. The unholy trio then encounter Inshun, a Buddhist monk who is plagued with terrible fantasies of sex and death. Hosokawa taunts him with the failings of his monastic teachings, and he commits suicide in despair, becoming one of Shiro\'s undead in the process. At a local Iga ninja village, young Kirimaru is excited to learn that Jubei is on his way. However, before he can arrive, their Tokugawa controlled rivals the Koga ninja ambush the village with flaming arrows, killing everyone except Kirimaru. He fights his way through the forest against a female ninja, and is mortally wounded, but the female ninja is assaulted by Inshun. The rest of the Koga attack, but are quickly dispatched by the undead warriors. A dying Kirimaru is tenderly offered resurrection by Shiro, and he accepts. Jubei returns to the village to find it in shambles, and goes looking for Kirimaru. He encounters the undead battalion, now on horseback, and they taunt him before leaving, promising to meet again. In a remote shrine, Shiro chants a ritual curse to wither Tokugawa\'s crops. The curse succeeds, and a desperate mob petition the magistrate to lift their yearly tax in light of their situation, but his samurai attempt to drive the mob away. Kirimaru comes through the forest to find a young girl mourning the loss of her parents; her father was killed by one of the magistrate\'s men during the protest. He offers her a flower for their grave, but is overcome by remorse as she sings for them. Meanwhile, Jubei approaches the secluded mountain home of the legendary sword maker Muramasa. He is shocked to learn that his father, Yagyu Tajima, recently approached Muramasa to commission a sword that would not only cut human flesh, but demonic spirits as well. Jubei wishes a similar sword as well, since Muramasa was exiled by his master Masamune due to his evil nature, and only a truly evil sword can defeat an evil demon. However, Muramasa\'s daughter Otsu claims that making the sword for Jubei\'s father has considerably weakened the smith. Muramasa reveals that Otsu is actually the daughter of Musashi\'s neglected wife who he has adopted as his own. Jubei tells them that he wants the sword to fight against Musashi and the rest of the demons. Just then, the ground begins to tremble as the undead Musashi approaches. Jubei bars the door, and Musashi begins to fight his way in until Otsu plays a haunting tune on her flute. Musashi recognizes the tune and staggers off confused. Muramasa agrees to make the most evil blade ever to help Jubei defeat the demons, and they begin construction. The villagers are approached by the Shogun\'s men, who read a proclamation that Tokugawa himself is coming for a lavish hunting party, and expects a high tribute in gold or servitude, nearly inciting a riot among the peasants. Shiro encounters a confused Kirimaru at the shrine, and encourages him to seduce the young girl he met, and to sacrifice her to their dark gods in order to shed his youthful turmoil. He attempts to force himself on the girl by a river, but finds he cannot go through with it. After she runs off, Jubei appears and confronts Kirimaru, who begs Jubei to kill him and put him out of his torment. Jubei draws his sword, however after hearing Kirimaru singing the same song the girl did, he tells Kirimaru that he is also a swordsman and thus his destiny is to fight. If he fights with all his ability and one day feels defeated by his own darkness, only then will Jubei release him. Jubei returns to Muramasa to continue work on his sword. During the Shogun\'s hunt, a number of villagers run through the field to present him with a written complaint about the taxes. Hosokawa uses her dark magic to convince Tokugawa and the elder Yagyu that the villagers are actually large deer, and they shoot the peasants down with arrows. Later, the peasant bodies have been crucified on a hill for all the village to see, and the people begin praying loudly and clacking stones together in mourning. Muramasa completes his greatest blade ever, and after telling Jubei "If you encounter God, God will be cut" he collapses dead. As the villagers\' uneasy vigil extends into the night, Shiro possesses a local woman to tell the crowd that they can lift the curse by burning Tokugawa\'s men and spreading the ashes. He causes the bodies to glow, which finally incites the crowd to riot, tearing down the fence and charging the samurai on the hill. They cut down as many peasants as they can but are overwhelmed and killed. Shiro rides up and gives the crowd the magistrate\'s head on a pole, and incite them to ride to Edo and overthrow the Shogun. As the peasants march, Kirimaru attempts to escape with his girl, but is blocked by Shiro, who reveals Kirimaru\'s demonic nature. He tries to battle Shiro using his ninja training, but Shiro overcomes him with a magical whip that transforms into a flock of birds that strangle him. Jubei prepares to place Muramasa\'s body on a funeral pyre, when the girl brings him Kirimaru\'s body as well. Before they can act, Musashi approaches and challenges Jubei to meet him on an island at sunrise for a duel. He accepts, much to Otsu\'s chagrin, and declares it to be "the way of the sword". The following morning, he heads to the beach to battle Musashi, who claims not to be swayed a second time by Otsu\'s flute. The two masters engage each other on the surf as Otsu plays a frenetic tune, until Jubei finally splits Musashi\'s scabbard and face in half before impaling him through the heart. Musashi\'s lifeless body drifts out in the tide. As the peasants\' furious uprising is advancing on the capital, the Shogun\'s advisors speculate on the future of the Empire. The dying Yagyu Tajima is approached by Shiro about his son Jubei\'s impending arrival and yields to Shiro\'s dark influence. Revived from death by Shiro, Tajima begins killing the members of the castle. Meanwhile, Hosokawa has called out the name of her husband in her sleep, prompting a fit of jealously from her new lover Tadoki. In the struggle, a lamp is knocked over and sets the room on fire. She freaks out, drawing a weapon and running through the castle declaring that she will not be abandoned again. She begins attacking retainers, encountering Tajima who also attacks. With the building ablaze, and Hosokawa and Tajima on a killing rampage, the whole castle is thrown into chaos. Tajima kills many men and dares his son to come fight him before the flames die down. Upstairs, Hosokawa has Tadoki hostage in the fire, and Shiro reveals himself as the leader of the "Christian Believers". He condemns Tadoki to burn in agony as the Christians did. An insane Hosokawa promises to never leave his side, clutching him as they both fall into the fire. As the castle collapses, Tajima is confronted by Jubei, who has covered his body with Buddhist prayer symbols and chastises his father for obsessing only on his swordplay to the point of coming back from hell to fight his own son. The two begin to duel, during which Jubei loses his eyepatch; although his sword is broken, he disarms his father and kills him. Shiro appears and offers to let Jubei join him; Jubei declines and vows to set his father and Kirimaru\'s souls at peace. After a brief fight, Jubei decapitates Shiro; although this does not kill him, his body catches his head and promises to return as long as humans have evil in their heart before melting into the flames.'] ['Generals Miki and Washizu are Samurai commanders under a local lord, Lord Tsuzuki, who reigns in the castle of the Spider\'s Web Forest. After defeating the lord\'s enemies in battle, they return to Tsuzuki\'s castle. On their way through the forest surrounding the castle, they meet a spirit, who foretells their future. The spirit tells them that today Washizu will be named master of the North Castle and Miki will now command Fort One. She then foretells that Washizu will eventually become Lord of Forest Castle, and finally she tells Miki that his son will also become lord of the castle. When the two return to Tsuzuki\'s estate, he rewards them with exactly what the spirit had predicted. As Washizu discusses this with Asaji, his wife, she manipulates him into making the second part of the prophecy come true by killing Tsuzuki when he visits. Washizu kills him with the help of his wife, who gives sake to the lord\'s guards, causing them to fall asleep. When Washizu returns in shock at his deed, Asaji grabs the bloody spear and puts it in the hands of one of the three unconscious guards. She then yells "murder" through the courtyard, and Washizu slays the guard before he has a chance to plead his innocence. Tsuzuki\'s vengeful son Kunimaru and a rival of Washizu named Noriyasu both suspect Washizu as the murderous traitor and try to warn Miki, who refuses to believe what they are saying about his friend. Washizu, though, is unsure of Miki\'s loyalty, but he wants to trust his friend and he still plans to let Miki\'s son be his heir, since he and Asaji have been unable to bear a child of their own. Washizu plans to tell Miki and his son about his decision at a grand banquet, but Asaji tells him that she is pregnant, which leaves him with a quandary concerning his heir. During the banquet Washizu drinks sake copiously because he is clearly agitated, and at the sudden appearance of Miki\'s ghost, begins losing control. In his delusional panic, he reveals his betrayal to all by exclaiming that he is willing to slay Miki for a second time, going so far as unsheathing his sword and striking over Miki\'s mat. Asaji, attempting to pick up the pieces of Washizu\'s blunder, tells the guests that he is drunk and that they must retire for the evening. Then one of his men arrive with the severed head of Miki. The guard also tells them that Miki\'s son escaped. Later, distraught upon hearing of his wife\'s miscarriage and in dire need of help with the impending battle with his foes, he returns to the forest to summon the spirit. She tells him that he will not be defeated unless the very trees of Spider\'s Web forest rise against the castle. Washizu believes this is impossible and is confident of his victory. Washizu knows he must kill all his enemies, so he tells his troops of the last prophecy, and they share his confidence. He then finds Asaji in a semi-catatonic state, trying to wash clean the imaginary foul stench of blood from her hands, obviously distraught at her grave misdeeds. Distracted by the sound of his troops moving outside the room, he investigates and is told by a panicked soldier that the trees of Spider\'s Web forest "have risen to attack us." The prophecy has come true and Washizu is doomed. As Washizu tries to get his troops to attack, they remain still. Finally they turn on their master and begin firing arrows at him as revenge for his traitorous actions. Washizu finally succumbs to his wounds just as his enemies approach the castle gates. It is revealed that the attacking force is using trees cut down during the previous night to disguise and protect themselves in their advance on the castle.'] ['{{plot}} The disgraced former executioner, or Kogi Kaishakunin to the shogun, Ogami Ittō is now living rough on the land with his three-year-old son Daigoro, travelling the countryside as a hired killer. Pushing his son in a baby cart, he stops at a bathhouse looking for a room and a bath, and is eagerly welcomed in by a young woman. However, the manager of the house sees Ittō as a dirty vagabond and scolds the young woman for letting him in the house. Overhearing this, Ittō goes to the baby cart and retrieves a bundle and hands it to the manager for safe keeping – it is 500 gold pieces, earned from a recent job. The manager\'s tone quickly changes, but when he tries to wash Daigoro\'s feet, the boy kicks water at the old man and tromps across the floor, leaving wet footprints. Ittō\'s activities are being watched by the Kurokawa spy clan of shinobi-class ninja, which have fallen in with Ittō\'s nemesis, the Shadow Yagyū. They report on his activities to Sayaka, head of Akari Yagyū clan of female assassins. But the Kurokawa are unsure that the women are up to the task of killing Ittō. Sayaka laughs confidently and tells the Kurokawas\' leader to send their best man into the room. She then orders the man to try to exit the room. He tries to do so by grappling onto the ceiling, but the female assassins set upon him and make short work of him, hacking off his ears, fingers, arms and legs, leaving the man a writhing heap of just a torso and head before he is finally finished off. Ittō, meanwhile, is hired by a clan that specializes in making indigo dye and has a secret process. One of the clan plans to sell out the secret to the shogun. Ittō must kill him. The turncoat will be escorted by the Hidari brothers, each a master of a deadly weapon – the iron claw, the flying mace and a pair of armored gloves. As he travels to his job, Ittō encounters three groups of female assassins. The first group is disguised as an acrobat troupe that turns deadly as their gymnastic moves are combined with blades and turned against Ittō. He then encounters a pair of women who with blades on their straw hats that they throw at Ittō as if they are Frisbees. Finally, some women washing vegetables by the river turn out to be assassins and the daikons they are washing are wielded as weapons. Ittō kills them all. Then he meets Sayaka, who catches him, his son and the baby cart in a steel net. Ittō cuts his way out of the net and engages in a sword duel with her. He delivers what should be a disabling blow to her ankles, but the woman fighter jumps straight up out of her kimono to reveal a fishnet body suit and then runs away, bizarrely jogging backwards. Next, the Kurokawa clan are waiting for Ittō, who puts together his naginata  and gives the baby cart a shove toward the waiting enemies. Daigoro, still in the baby cart then activates blades in the axles of the cart, which cut off the feet of several men. The battle that ensues between Ittō and the Kurokawas is fierce and Ittō is injured before he has killed them all. Weary from the endless fighting, Ittō struggles along the road and eventually finds shelter in a shack. Daigoro, seeing that his father needs his help, must do what he can. Unable to carry water in his tiny hands, Daigoro carries water from the river in the only vessel available – his mouth. He spits the few drops he could carry between his father\'s parched lips. For food, Daigoro finds some rice cakes given as an offering to a Buddha statue and takes them for his father, leaving his vest in exchange. Ittō recovers and finds that his son is missing. Daigoro has been taken by the Kurokawa and Sayaka, tied up and suspended over a water well. If Ittō attacks, they will let go of the rope and Daigoro will plunge to his death. Daigoro lets his sandal drop into the well, giving Ittō a gauge of how deep it is. He then makes his move as the rope unspools, stopping it just in time. Sayaka watches silently and makes no move to engage the swordsman, realising his technique far outstrips her own and perhaps also out of a sense of honor for the devotion of the father to his child. Ittō then finds himself aboard a ship, carrying the three Hidari brothers. Ittō is met by several other members of the indigo-dye clan, who try to kill the Hidaris but are bloodily rebuffed. The clan then sets the ship on fire in an attempt to kill the Hidaris, but the three killers escape. Ittō tosses Daigoro and the baby cart into the water, the cart proves itself by floating. Sayaka has followed Ittō onto the ship and in the water, she tries to kill him, but is disarmed. Ittō, with Daigoro and Sayaka, find shelter, but they are cold. Ittō disrobes himself and Daigoro, then turns on Sayaka, tearing off her clothes. But he does not mean to rape her. Instead, he is seeking to get her out of her cold, wet clothes and cling to her while nude. "Three people are warmer than two," he explains. She thinks about taking his sword and killing him, but the cozy scene, with Daigoro sitting between them, playfully fondling her breast, makes her abandon the plan. The final showdown takes place on a vast area of sand dunes. The Hidari brothers are at the head of a caravan of men carrying a palanquin with the indigo expert inside. The brother with the iron claw runs forward and thrusts his claw into the sand, which boils up with blood. There are men hiding in the sand. He digs his claw into the sand several times, each time creating a pool of blood and pulling up a hiding warrior by his head. The rest of the hidden men in the sand emerge and fight, but the Hidari brothers dispatch them all. Ittō awaits, alone, at the top of a large dune. Each brother is dispatched in a high-pressure spray of blood, with the last brother dispatched in a lethal stroke along the throat, a cut that sprays blood in a fine mist, while making a sound like the "howling of the wind". The final slain Hidari brother comments such a fabled finishing stroke is referred to as "Mogaribue", and wishes he had heard the sound just once from the many people he has killed, but is instead hearing it from his own neck as his life slowly drains away. Ittō approaches the palanquin with the traitorous indigo expert inside, finishing him before gathering Daigoro and again setting off. The end sees them out of the desert and on a coastal trail, followed by Sayaka. Aware of her presence Ittō stops the cart, looking straight ahead whilst holding out his dotanuki blade, as Sayaka wielding a katana is revealed behind him. Ittō stands ominously still until he hears the sound of Sayaka dropping her sword; knowing that she can never defeat the master swordsman.'] ["The film opens with a shot of three men, practically indistinguishable from each other: Shingen, his brother Nobukado, and a thief whom Nobukado met by chance and spared from crucifixion, believing the thief's uncanny resemblance to Shingen would prove useful. Shingen agrees that he would prove useful as a double, and they decide to use the thief as a kagemusha. Shingen's army has besieged a castle of Tokugawa Ieyasu. When Shingen visits the battlefield to hear a mysterious nightly flute player, he is shot by a sniper. Mortally wounded, he orders his generals to keep his death a secret for three years. Shingen later dies while being carried over a mountain pass, with only a small group of witnesses. Nobukado presents the thief to the generals, proposing to have this kagemusha impersonate Shingen full-time. At first, even the thief is unaware of Shingen's death, until he tries to break into a huge jar, believing it to contain treasure, and instead finds Shingen's preserved corpse. After this act, the generals decide they cannot trust the thief and set him free. The Takeda leaders secretly dump the jar with Shingen's corpse into Lake Suwa. Spies working for Tokugawa and his ally Oda Nobunaga witness the disposal of the jar and, suspecting that Shingen has died, go to report the death. The thief, however, overhearing the spies, goes to offer his services, hoping to be of some use to Shingen in death. The Takeda clan preserves the cover-up by saying they were making an offering of sake to the god of the lake. The spies follow the Takeda army as they march home from the siege. Although they suspect that Shingen has died, they are later convinced by the kagemusha{{'}}s performance. Returning home, the kagemusha successfully fools Shingen's concubines and grandson. By imitating Shingen's gestures and learning more about him, the kagemusha begins to take on the persona of Shingen, and is able to awe even the bodyguards and Wakashū, who knew Shingen best. When he must preside over a clan council and is unexpectedly asked for his decision on a military matter, he cleverly relies on the clan motto, which identifies Shingen with an unmoving mountain. When Tokugawa and Oda Nobunaga launch an attack against the territory of the Takeda clan, Shingen's son, Katsuyori, launches a counterattack against the advice of other generals. The kagemusha is forced to lead reinforcements to the Battle of Takatenjin, and helps inspire the troops to victory. In a fit of overconfidence, the kagemusha attempts to ride Shingen's spirited horse. When he falls off, those who rush to help him see that he does not have their lord's battle scars, and he is revealed as an impostor. The thief is driven out of the palace, and Katsuyori, despite having been disinherited, takes over the clan. In full control of the Takeda army, Katsuyori leads an ill-advised attack against Oda Nobunaga, who controls Kyoto, resulting in the Battle of Nagashino. Wave after wave of cavalry and infantry are cut down by volleys of matchlock fire, effectively wiping out the Takeda. During this scene, much of the battle is offscreen. Although the charge of the Takeda army and the volley of fire from Nobunaga's soldiers is seen, the actual death of the Takeda men is not shown until the battle is over, and the viewer sees a vast scene of carnage as more time is given to the aftermath. The kagemusha, who has followed the Takeda army, witnesses the slaughter. In a final show of loyalty, he takes up a lance and makes a futile charge against Oda's fortifications, ultimately dying for the Takeda clan. The final image is of the kagemushas bullet-riddled body being washed away down a river, next to the flag of the Takeda clan."] ["{{Plot}} In 19th century Asia, Yang  is a warrior and member of the Sad Flutes clan, the cruelest assassins in the world. His personal goal to become the greatest swordsman in the entire world is accomplished when he kills the former greatest swordsman and leader of the enemy clan. Both clans swore to fight until every single member of the opposing clan was dead. Yang has killed every member, except a baby girl he comes upon, spares and decides to watch over. This act makes Yang a sworn enemy of his own clan, and is not safe in his homeland. Yang arrives in Lode, a small, dusty, town, where the main attraction used to be a carnival. There he seeks out a fellow rogue warrior friend known to the townsfolk as Smiley. Yang discovers Smiley died 3 years ago, but ran the town's laundry shop. Among the townspeople Yang meets, he is introduced to the gang of friendly carnies led by dwarf Eight-Ball , Ron , the vagrant drunk and Lynne , a spunky young woman who was friends with Smiley. Lynne gives Yang the nickname Skinny and agrees to teach him how to do the laundry. Yang begins to enjoy his life in the town, learning to enjoy pleasures he never knew as a warrior. He becomes friendly with the people, a hard worker, and able gardener, while the baby dubbed April , is adored by all. He even finds an interest in opera, after Lynne shows him on a gramophone. Lynne reveals to Yang that Smiley taught her both a little bit of the sword and the Sad Flute clan. She wants Yang to teach her more, and asks about the Sad Flutes' name. He explains that it describes the sound of blood coming from your victim's slit throat, but he is reluctant to show any of his warrior skill. Back in the East, Yang's former clan is shown to be looking for him. His former master Saddest Flute  and his ninja army take the same boat to America, killing the entire crew in the process. Saddest Flute states that to find Yang in such a large country, they would wait and listen. Yang one day sees Lynne place flowers on a grave, and asks Eight-Ball what happened. He explains in a flashback, that years ago, when Lynne was an adolescent girl, the town came under siege by a corrupt Colonel . His preference to rape women with healthy teeth prompts him to choose Lynne as his victim while her father is held to the ground, and mother and baby brother forced to stand by. When Lynne is brought to the Colonel in a kitchen, she manages to evade him by throwing a pan of potatoes frying in grease on his face. She runs outside, and the Colonel shoots her in the back. Her father struggles free and is shot dead by the Colonel, while her mother holding her brother runs over and both are also killed. When the townsfolk buried her family, they found Lynne still breathing. Since then, Lynne has made revenge on the Colonel a priority, aching to learn to fight and kill, and practices throwing knives, at which she her aim is lacking. Yang surprises Lynne by showing her that her knife throwing was prohibited by her sight, not her arm, and gives her a successful lesson by blindfolding her. Lynne is clearly fond of Yang, and gives him a charm on a necklace that belonged to her mother, as a present. Yang shows her his jedok geom , but Lynne notes it is welded to its scabbard. Yang explains it is so his past cannot hear the sound of the lives he has taken, and if his past finds him, there will be no more music. In a flashback, it is shown as a young boy, Yang was given a present of a small puppy from his master, and was being trained to become the strongest. The Colonel returns to the town to terrorize the people. He now wears a frightening face prosthetic to hide the grotesque scar from the hot grease. The colonel tortures a clown by having his men shoot at a bucket of water on the Clown's head, and is about to have them shoot at a glass of whiskey when Ron the drunk takes the shot glass and drinks it. Ron is dragged through the town by a whip around his neck pulled by horse. The Colonel then inspects a lineup of women for their teeth, and chooses a Hispanic woman whose husband begs for mercy. The Colonel releases the woman to her husband to shoot them simultaneously. Eight-Ball and the other carnies tie Lynne up in a cellar for her own good as well as the people. Yang removes her blades, agreeing with the carnies. Lynne manages to free herself with a concealed knife in her boot. The Colonel has the Hispanic woman's daughters cleaned to be raped, but Lynne, disguised as a prostitute offers herself instead. She fools the Colonel, thinking she will be able to kill him when he reveals he recognized her after smelling her neck. The Colonel's men rush in to hold Lynne down to the bed. Back in the laundry, the carnies run in looking for Lynne, and Yang realizes where she is. He grabs an iron and shatters the seal on his sword to free it. Far away, Saddest Flute jerks up from meditation, sensing the seal break, and is aware of Yang's location. Just as she is about to be raped, Yang bursts in through the window, expertly and easily slaying everyone in the room but Lynne and the Colonel. As Yang turns to kill him, Lynne intercedes that she will do it, but the Colonel grabs her and leaps out the other window, using her to break his fall. The Colonel runs down an alley to escape. Lynne sees him fleeing on a horse and shuts her eyes to deliver an expert knife throw to the back of his head. The townsfolk pull off the prosthetic to reveal a lackey of the Colonel, now especially scared that he will return with an army of outlaws to kill them all. Yang is about to leave town before the Sad Flutes come for him, but the townsfolk implore him to stay and help. The people are worried they don't have the means to defend their town, but Eight-Ball has Ron's secret stash of guns and explosives unburied. Ron is shown to be an expert marksman, shooting a bowling pin down amidst his best liquor from hundreds of feet away. Yang asks Ron while preparing why Ron stopped shooting. Ron explains that he was once an outlaw, using his great skill to rob banks, and trains. His criminal career ended when the woman he loved was shot during a gunfight, and he vowed to never pick up a gun again, until that day. Ron advises for men like him and Yang, the best thing they could do for the ones they loved was stay as far away from them as possible, that they are like flowers while he and Yang are sand. The day before battle, Lynne comes to Yang and asks to leave with him after the fight, and to think on it. Later that night, Yang comes to Lynne's house. He gives her his own twin short swords, explaining these were to kill. Yang tells her to come close. The day comes and the Colonel arrives with scores of outlaws to charge the town. Yang stands across his flower garden, waiting. As the men approach, they are met with explosions. From miles away in the top ferris wheel cab, Ron is sniping sticks of dynamite hidden in the garden as riders come. In the ensuing dust and chaos, Yang rapidly and stealthily disposes of the men. The outlaws are lured to the ferris wheel, where Yang and the carnies ambush them. Ron slides to safety on a cable, and the ferris wheel is blown up, killing many of the Colonel's men. Thinking it safe, the carnies come out from cover, only to be attacked by the numerous remaining outlaws. The Colonel's men chase the carnies to the center of town, where the Sad Flutes suddenly assemble. Saddest Flute instructs them 'kill.' Yang looks to Lynne holding April and tells her to run. The carnies manage to get away before the bloodshed between the outlaw cowboys and clan warriors starts. Yang runs after Lynne and must cut down several warriors before following her to the laundry shop. Meanwhile, the cowboys in town manage to shoot down some clan warriors, but are engaged in lethal battle. In the laundry, Lynne hands April to Eight-Ball so she can help Yang. While he is killing a warrior, she saves him from another sneaking in. After they are safe for the moment, they hear shots, and run to Eight-Ball, where he is dying and says he couldn't protect April. He dies and the Colonel is seen carrying her in a building, yelling at his men to make sure no one got in. The Sad Flutes pursue hotly, and are mostly fended off with a small machine gun, but the outlaws are unable to stop Yang, as he brutally slices through them all. He comes in the room to find the Colonel holding a gun to April's head, and leaps up to cut the barrel and bullet in half mid-firing. Catching April from falling, Yang steps aside to let Lynne fight the Colonel. After a tense battle, Lynne manages to finally drive a sword into the Colonel's back. Yang and Lynne exit the room to find Saddest Flute sitting across the carnage at the end of the hall. He tells Yang that April is the enemy, and asks if he would ever tell April that Yang killed her parents, her whole clan, and observes that Yang ran away from his old life of killing to kill more. He says Yang does not belong there. Yangs claims he does, or did, and will not kill April. Yang and Saddest flute go to the desert in the sunset, and duel to the death. During, flashbacks show Saddest Flute training Yang as an adult in pouring rain, drilling him through adolescence in the snow, and forcing child Yang to kill the puppy he was given, declaring Yang's biggest enemy would be his heart, and as an assassin, he must kill what he loves. In the present, Yang wins the duel, cutting Saddest Flute's throat. Lynne tells Yang she knows she won't be coming with him, and tries to hand him April, but he refuses. He makes the baby laugh once more, and gives Lynne a caring look. Yang turns to the sunset, and Ron tells him to 'keep walking, sandman.' Ron narrates that the warrior never stopped walking, to put as much space between him and the little lady he loved as possible, showing April then Lynne. The scene then shifts to the a snowy, glacial environment. Opera plays from a small fish shack where a hooded man in a parka sits. Another approaches and asks how much for a fish. The sitting man nimbly kills the other, knives falling out of his hands as he collapses. Yang stands up and goes to his shack, where he takes the pendant he had been given by Lynne, his sword disguised as a snowman's broom, and April's pacifier, and sets the hut on fire. Walking out to the snow, a slew of clan warriors leap out of the snow, and Yang unsheathes his sword as the scene fades."] ["The story follows Shizu-hime , her family slain and on the run from her enemies. As she escapes she is found by the vagabond Shinbei , before being rescued from her pursuers by Dōsetsu . He tells her the legend of a curse on her family, and of eight beads that identify eight dog-warriors who can lift it, of which he and his companion are two. To defeat the evil queen Tamazusa  who killed her family, they must find all eight. But Shinbei hears of Shizu-hime's identity, and vows to collect the reward for capturing her."] ["1840s Japan. It is a time of peace and the era of the samurai is waning. A sadistic young Lord Matsudaira Naritsugu rapes and kills at will. No one can touch him because he is the former shogun's son and current shogun's younger brother, and thus above the law. Sir Doi Toshitsura, a senior government official, realizes the situation will become more dangerous after Naritsugu ascends to a higher political position. After a wronged party publicly commits seppuku as a way of showing disdain for Lord Naritsugu, Sir Doi seeks out a trusted older samurai, Shinzaemon, a battle- hardened warrior who served under the former shogun, and secretly hires him to assassinate Naritsugu. However, men loyal to Naritsugu soon get wind of Sir Doi's plot, and move into action. By spying on Doi's meetings, they discover he has hired Shinazaemon. Meanwhile, Shinzaemon gathers 11 more samurai, whom Sir Doi knows can be trusted and are the strongest he knows, including his nephew Shinroukuro. The 12 plan to ambush Naritsugu on his long journey home from Edo. Before they leave, some members of the group are attacked by Hanbei's men but quickly defeat them. Shinzaemon is visited by his old sparring partner Hanbei: each tries to dissuade the other from his task in vain, with Shinzaemon saying they will meet again. In order to block Naritsugu's passage, several of the assassins are sent to buy the help of a town, and so force him to reroute to a remote village for their advantage. Shinzaemon and the others ride urgently towards the village they have chosen for the battle. On the way, they are encounter a few of Naritsugu's hired thugs, meant to slow them down while Naritsugu journeys home; they kill the thugs easily. They decide to travel stealthily through the mountains, where they meet a hunter named Kiga Koyata who leads them off the mountain and they adopt him as the thirteenth assassin. He helps them find the village they have chosen for the conflict, and they are reunited with their comrades. They take the village over and convert it into a labyrinthine mousetrap with many camouflaged fortifications. As they wait, one of the assassins out scouting the area returns with bad news; he claims that Naritsugu and his men have vanished after turning back from the blocked town. Some assassins plead with Shinzaemon to track down Naritsugu, but Shinzaemon who is always thinking ahead, tells them to wait it out; it's hard for Naritsugu and his 70 guards to hide easily. Therefore they must believe that their luck will hold out. Shinzaemon compares their attempt to catch Naritsugu to fishing; he says never reel your line in too fast, otherwise the fish will steal the bait and run away. It is better to wait till the fish swallows the bait and hook, and then reel him in at once. The next morning, their luck turns when the assassins discover that Naritsugu is heading toward the village. But when Naritsugu arrives, they discover they are outnumbered even more heavily than expected: there are over 200 guards that Hanbei has ordered from other areas, not the 70 they were expecting. Nonetheless, Shinzaemon tells the assassins that the bigger the enemy the better, and they must continue their mission. A lengthy battle follows, with Naritsugu and his guards trapped inside the village and attacked by the assassins with arrows, explosives, knives, and swords – with the exception of Koyata, who fights with rocks in slings. Naritsugu, who has led a life of luxury, is enthralled and excited by the violence, claiming it's the most fun he has had and wondering if it was like this during the sengoku period . Inevitably, the assassins fall one by one as they inflict devastating casualties on the guards until, at last, there is a one-to-one sword fight between Shinzaemon and Hanbei, each knowing the other's moves well. Naritsugu watches. As they are fighting on natural terrain and not in a dojo, Shinzaemon triumphs. He approaches Naritsugu, who is finally now unprotected. Shinzaemon tells Naritsugu that he is acting for the people, but Naritsugu tells him that both the people and Samurai have only one purpose and that is to serve their lord. Shizaemon tells Naritsugu that lords can't live without the support of the people, and that if a lord abuses his powers, the people will rise against him. Enraged, Naritsugu stabs him in the abdomen, Shinzaemon returns the thrust. Both are mortally wounded. Naritsugu crawls in the mud, experiencing fear and pain for the first time. He thanks Shinzaemon in his own way for showing him how the world can be so different from the luxuries he was bored with. Shinzaemon decapitates Naritsugu in a coup de grace. Shinzaemon collapses, telling his nephew Shinrokurô that their mission is finished and releasing him from his duty. After telling Shinrokurô that he is deemed worthy as a Samurai and that he must live his life as he sees fit, Shinzaemon dies. As Shinrokurō wanders through the carnage he discovers the hunter Koyata standing amid the chaos. Despite being impaled through the neck earlier by Naritsugu, Koyata has made what appears to be a miraculous recovery. Shinrokurō tells him that Naritusugu is dead and that now their mission is over, he planned to become the most successful bandit in Japan and travel to America to make love with the woman there, and Koyata says that he plans go back to the mountains to take his boss's woman as his own. Shinrokurō says tell her he said hi; Koyata promises that he will before happily hopping over the corpses as he leaves. Alone, Shinrokurō drags his sword behind him as he leaves the village. An epilogue states that the Shogun and the government covered up what really occurred, announcing that Naritsugu died of illness. 23 years later, the Shogunate falls and opens way for the Meiji Era."] ['{{plot}} Set in Japan during an unspecific year of the Edo period, Ogami Ittō, disgraced former executioner, or Kogi Kaishakunin, to the shogun, wanders the countryside, pushing a baby cart with his 3-year-old son Daigoro inside. A banner hangs off his back. "Ogami: Suiouryo technique" , it says. His services are asked for in a most unexpected way, when an insane woman seizes Daigoro from the cart and proceeds to try to breastfeed the boy. Daigoro at first hesitates, but after stern look from his father, he proceeds to suckle the crazy woman\'s breast. The woman\'s mother then apologizes for her daughter\'s behavior and tries to give Ittō money, but the stoic ronin refuses, saying his son was hungry anyway. As he walks in the rain, he remembers another rainy day several months earlier when his wife, Asami, was slain by three ninjas, ostensibly in revenge for Ittō\'s execution of a boy daimyo, but it was really part of a complicated plot by the shogun\'s inspector Bizen and the "Shadow" Yagyū Clan to frame Ittō for treason and take over the executioner\'s post. Now a wandering assassin for hire, Ittō takes a job from a Chamberlain, to kill a rival and his gang of henchmen, who pose a threat to the chamberlain\'s lord. The chamberlain plans to test Ittō, but a quick slash behind his back with his Dotanuki sword dispatches the chamberlain\'s two men. The targets are in a remote mountain village that is home to hot-spring spa pools. As Ittō pushes the baby cart, and Daigoro observes scenes of nature, such as a mother dog suckling one puppy, and two children singing a song and bouncing a ball, Ittō thinks back again to the time just after his wife was killed. He gave Daigoro a choice between a toy ball or the sword. If the child chose the ball, Ittō would put him to death send him to be with his mother – a better place in his opinion. But the curious child reaches for the sword – he has chosen to take the path of the ronin with his father, to live like demons at the crossroads to hell. Eventually, Ittō reaches the hot-spring village. He finds that the rival chamberlain and his men have hired a band of ronins who have taken over the town and are raping, looting and pillaging. Ittō is forced to give up his sword and take his place as a hostage in the village. The ronins discuss killing Ittō, but then decide to let him live if he will have sex with the town\'s remaining prostitute while they watch. The prostitute refuses to have any part in it, but then she\'s threatened by one of the men, a knife expert, and in order to save the woman, Ittō steps forward and disrobes, saying he will do the men\'s bidding with the woman. The episode takes one more trip back to the past, for the dramatic beheading and blood-spurting scene in which Ittō defeats one of Yagyū Retsudo\'s best swordsman, with the aid of a mirror on Daigoro\'s forehead to reflect the sun into the swordsman\'s eyes. And then there is the big showdown in the village, where it is revealed that the baby cart harbors some secrets – various edged weapons, including a spear-like naginata, which Ittō uses to take out the evil chamberlain\'s men, chopping one off at his ankles, leaving the bloody stumps of his feet still standing on the ground. One of the men has matchlock pistols, but Ittō quickly upturns the baby cart, which is revealed to be armored underneath, and when the gunman\'s pistols are empty, Ittō quickly leaps over the baby cart and brings his blade down on the man\'s forehead, splitting it two. Ittō leaves the village, and the prostitute hopes to follow, but Ittō makes a motion to cut the ropes on the bridge leading to town, to stop her from following, for the journey he is on is one that is for only him and Daigoro to make.'] ['The film begins with a shot of the landscape, after which it zooms in on a group of foot travelers and a porter. After walking for a while, they sit to rest, where the porter finds that this is Minamoto no Yoshitsune, Benkei, and his advisors. Their job is to cross a border checkpoint without being found, so they disguise themselves as monks.'] ["Yamamoto Kansuke  is a general of warlord Takeda Shingen , whose titular red banners are his trademark.{{cite book}} Yamamoto has a ruthless but effective approach to battle and politics, and advises Takeda Shingen on almost everything he does, including the assassination of Suwa Yorishige . Of Lord Suwa's household, Princess Yu  refuses to commit suicide, and the film comes to center on a love triangle between the lord, his general, and the princess. The movie ends with the fourth Battle of Kawanakajima, in which Yamamoto erroneously believes his battle tactics have failed and commits a pincer attack, but is killed in action before the battle is won."] ['Nine young samurai are worried about corruption in the leadership of their clan. They believe that the lord chamberlain, Mutsuta, is corrupt after tearing up a petition against organised crime. One samurai told the superintendent of this, who agreed to intervene. As the nine meet secretly at a temple and discuss their problem, a ronin  emerges from another room where he had been resting. The ronin had overheard their plans, and suggests that the superintendent is in fact the real corrupt official. While at first the samurai are insulted by his claims, they soon find themselves surrounded by the official\'s men, proving that he was correct. The ronin fights off the men in return for money, however after realizing that Mutsuta could now be in danger, he decides to help the samurai bring down the corruption. They first begin by rescuing Mutsuta\'s wife  and daughter , but they remain oblivious to the danger around them, and maintain a cheery civility in contrast to the young samurai. The group hide in a house within the chamberlain\'s compound. Musuta\'s wife asks the ronin\'s name; looking out the window at tsubaki  trees, he invents the name Tsubaki Sanjūrō . The lady insists that Sanjuro refrain from unnecessary killing. The lady compares Sanjuro to a "glittering sword" and remarks that "the best sword stays in its scabbard." The Superintendent\'s henchman Hanbei Muroto , and several other corrupt officials address a plan to outsmart the chamberlain\'s followers. First they arrest the chamberlain by making a false claim that he has been in charge of organised crime. Afterwards, they try to lure out the samurai by setting out a patrol of palanquins, believing that the samurai will think the officials are in them and attack. This backfires on them and leaves them deeply humiliated. Throughout the film, Sanjuro is considered by some of the samurai as a problem figure: he has bad manners, behavior unbecoming a samurai, weird ways to express his thoughts, often seems lazy and disinterested during planning, and a flippant attitude regarding violence. Sanjuro decides to get closer to Hanbei\'s master by going undercover as his henchman. Mistrust causes several of the samurai believe he is switching sides. The samurai agree that four of them will follow him: two who believed in him and two who did not. However, Sanjuro realizes he is being followed and the four are easily captured. When Hanbei leaves to request reinforcements Sanjuro frees the samurai, at the expense of having to kill all the guards. He demands the four samurai tie him up, and is found in disgrace. Understanding Hanbei cannot hire him after such a fiasco, Sanjuro insincerely commits to finding the attackers. The next day, Mutsuta\'s wife and daughter find a parchment of the torn up petition flowing from a stream through the compound. The samurai realise that Mutsuta is being imprisoned in the room opposite where the samurai are staying. While at first they consider a full on attack at the officials, they soon find that the superintendent\'s entire force is surrounding them, meaning an attack would end in slaughter. Sanjuro hatches a plan to get the army out of the compound, and then sending a sign to attack through camellias down the stream. The first part of the plan works and the force is moved, however Hanbei catches him trying to send the sign and ties him up. When the officials realise that Sanjuro has moved the army on purpose, Hanbei races off to retrieve them. In a comedic scene, Sanjuro tricks the remaining officials into making the Samurai attack. It works and they manage to rescue the Chamberlain. Hanbei returns later to find he has been made a fool of once more. Later the samurai find that Sanjuro has left the compound. After racing off to find him, he is found with Hanbei, about to duel. Sanjuro is reluctant to fight and tries to dissuade Hanbei saying that if they do fight, one of them would die and there is nothing to be gained from that. Hanbei insists and the two face each other, feeling that he will not be at ease unless one of them is put to rest. Sanjuro kills Hanbei. A fountain of blood gushes from Hanbei. When the young samurai cheer his victory, Sanjuro becomes extremely agitated and angry at their naïve insensitivity. He states that dead adversary was exactly like him, so that at least he now has an understanding of what he really represents. Sanjuro then leaves.'] ['Magobei Wakizaka is a samurai for the Sabai clan. A nearby island, Sado, boasts a rich gold mine which provides plentiful richesThis gold was called goyokin, roughly translated as "gold for official use", hence the title of the film. for the Tokugawa clan. When one of the gold ships sink, the local farmers recover some of the gold, intending to return it to the Tokugawa clan. However, Magobei\'s clan master, Rokugo Tatewaki, takes the gold and slaughters the farmers so they cannot report the gold stolen. Magobei is appalled. He promises not to report Rokugo to the shogunate in exchange for Rokugo \'s promise to never do so again. However, three years later, assassins sent by Rokugo\'s retainer, Kunai, come for Magobei, who is living in Edo. He realizes that Rokugo intends to steal more gold and slaughter more innocents. So Magobei returns to Sabai to face his former master. Rokugo hires another ronin, Samon Fujimaki, to kill Magobei, but Magobei eventually wins him over. Also, along the way, Magobei meets a young woman, Oriha, who survived the original slaughter. She and her brother, Rokuzo, join him on his way to Sabai. At Sabai they learn that Rokugo intends to move a bonfire, which serves as a warning to passing ships against dangerous rocks, so that a gold ship will hit the rocks and sink. After recovering the gold, Rokugo intends to slaughter the peasants who help him in this endeavor. The combined efforts of Magobei, Samon, Oriha, and Rokuzo result in the correct bonfire being lit, the fake bonfire being put out, and the innocent peasants\' lives being saved. Thus the gold-bearing ship evades the rocks. In a final showdown, amid falling snow, Magobei slays Rokugo, but is wounded by one of Rokugo \'s throwing knives.'] ['The film opens up with an assassination attempt on the king of Joseon Dynasty at some sort of reception. The attempt is foiled by a special security squad, and specifically by its leader, Gyu-yup. A series of deaths of prominent politicians leads to a nighttime battle in which one member, a female, of what is apparently an assassin duo, is captured. Gyu-yup recognizes this female, and after her torture in prison , the film flashes back to Gyu-yup\'s past. Shortly after the Japanese invasions of Korea in the middle of the Joseon Dynasty, a military unit of elite soldiers  is created to ensure the peace and the security/safety of the country. In its center, the two best swordsmen, Ji-hwan and Gyu-yup, are also two inseparable friends. But a political coup d\'etat plot  forces Gyu-yup, threatened with the death of his entire unit of elite soldiers, to not only kill his fencing master, but also Ji-hwan, who is seeing the female assassin from the night battle, Shi-young . Having had to behead his master, kill his best friend and his best friend\'s lover, and lead his troops against members of their own training school , we are led to understand that Gyu-yup loses some part of himself. The film returns to the present, five years after the events in the flashback. Gyu-hup is known as a cold and cruel commander, nicknamed "the human butcher." The discovery of a sword during the night battle that carries the seal of Gyu-yup\'s old unit  confirms the fact that Ji-hwan is back as well . The current king  himself becomes embroiled in what amount to attempts to cover up his tracks and betrays at least one of his foremost commanders by ordering his assassination. The king then plans an excursion aimed at drawing out Ji-hwan and Shi-young  into the open where they are meant to be killed. The excursion  takes place, and the king is almost killed by Ji-hwan, but he is momentarily distracted by the death of Shi-young at the hands of the king\'s elite bodyguard and troops. The king, stabbing Ji-hwan with a heretofore hidden dagger, pushes Ji-hwan away; and the king continues to look on as Ji-hwan battles more troops. Almost defeated, Gyu-yup, finally moved by compassion and his past relationship with Shi-young and Ji-hwan, comes to Ji-hwan\'s rescue. He pleads for his and Ji-hwan\'s freedom , and when that is met with silence, he and Ji-hwan engage the troops that have surrounded them. The movie ends by freezing the old friends, united in battle again, in action against the usurper king\'s troops.'] ["{{plot}}, p.284. It is a tale about the downfall of the once-powerful Ichimonji clan after its patriarch Hidetora decides to give control of his kingdom up to his three sons: Taro, Jiro, and Saburo. Taro, the eldest, will receive the prestigious First Castle and become leader of the Ichimonji clan, while Jiro and Saburo will be given the Second and Third Castles. Hidetora will remain the titular leader and retain the title of Great Lord. Jiro and Saburo are to support Taro, and Hidetora illustrates this by using a bundle of arrows.This is based on a parable of Mori Motonari: he handed each of his sons an arrow and asked for them to snap it. After each snapped their arrows, he showed them three arrows and asked if they could snap them. When they all failed, Motonari preached how one arrow could be broken easily but three arrows could not. However, in Ran Saburo smashes the bundle across his knee and calls the lesson stupid. Saburo criticizes the logic of Hidetora's plan. Hidetora achieved power through violence and treachery, he reminds his father, yet he foolishly expects his sons to be loyal to him. Hidetora mistakes these comments for a threat; and, when his servant Tango comes to Saburo's defense, he banishes both of them. Later, Fujimaki, a warlord who had witnessed these events, invites Saburo to his dominions and offers him his daughter to marry. Following Hidetora's abdication, Taro's wife Lady Kaede begins pushing for Taro to take direct control of the Ichimonji clan, and engineers a rift between Taro and Hidetora. Lady Kaede resents Hidetora for massacring her family in a previous war and forcing her to marry Taro. Matters come to a head when Hidetora kills one of Taro's guards who was threatening his fool Kyoami. When Taro subsequently demands that Hidetora renounce his title of Great Lord, Hidetora storms out of the castle. He then travels to Jiro's castle, only to discover that Jiro is more interested in using Hidetora as a pawn in his own power play. Hidetora and his escort leave Jiro's castle to wander, finding no food in the villages abandoned by the peasants. Eventually Tango appears with provisions. In a moment of anger Hidetora orders his escort to burn the villages down. Tango intervenes and Hidetora learns from him of Taro's decree: death to whoever aids his father. Hidetora journeys thus to the Third Castle, which had been abandoned after Saburo's forces followed their lord into exile. Tango and Kyoami only do not follow him. They take shelter in the castle only to be ambushed by the combined forces of Taro and Jiro. In a horrific massacre that is the centerpiece of the film, all of Hidetora's bodyguards fall in battle, two of his concubines stab each other to death in a mutual suicide, the others are shot during the storming, and the castle is set on fire. Hidetora is left to commit seppuku. However, to his dismay, Hidetora's sword has been broken and he cannot. Instead of killing himself, Hidetora has a psychotic episode and wanders away from the burning castle, his attackers unable to kill him because of their low status and too awe-struck by his transformation to stop him. As Taro and Jiro's forces storm the castle, Jiro's general Kurogane assassinates Taro by shooting him down in the confusion of the battle. Hidetora is discovered wandering in the wilderness by Tango and Kyoami, who along with Saburo remain the only people still loyal to him. They take refuge in a peasant's home only to discover that the occupant is Tsurumaru, the brother of Lady Sué , whom Hidetora had ordered blinded years ago. Upon his return from battle, Jiro begins having an affair with Lady Kaede, who quickly becomes the power behind his throne. She demands that Jiro divorce his wife Lady Sué and marry her instead. When he does so, she also demands that he have Sué killed. Kurogane is given the order but he publicly disobeys and warns Jiro not to trust his wife. Instead he warns Sue and Tsurumaru to flee, who will eventually reach their former home, a ruined castle that Hidetora had destroyed in an earlier war. Meanwhile, Hidetora's party hides out in the remains of the same castle. At one point Tango chases two men from Hidetora's bodyguard who he discovers had betrayed their former master. As Tango fights and kills the two traitors, one of them says that Jiro is talking of trying to hunt down and kill Hidetora, and since Hidetora refuses with terror to meet his youngest son, Tango rides off to bring Saburo to Hidetora instead, while Kyoami stays to assist the mad man. In his madness Hidetora is haunted by horrific visions of the people he destroyed in his quest for power. The insanity finally becomes too much for him to bear; eluding his servant, he flees into the wilderness. With Hidetora's location a mystery and his plight now known, Saburo's army crosses back into the kingdom to find him. Alarmed at what he suspects is treachery by Saburo and by the entry of two rival warlords on Saburo's side, Jiro hastily mobilizes his army to stop them. The two forces meet on the field of Hachiman. Sensing a major battle, Saburo's new patron Fujimaki marches to the border. Another rival warlord, Ayabe, also shows up with his own army. After arranging a truce with Jiro, Saburo rides off to find Hidetora. Against the advice of Kurogane, Jiro orders an attack, and his forces are decimated by arquebus fire from Saburo's army, who had fled into the nearby wilderness for cover. In the middle of the battle, word reaches Jiro and Kurogane that Ayabe has slipped away with much of his army and is marching on the First Castle. Jiro's army promptly disintegrates and flees back to the castle. In the end, Saburo finds Hidetora. The two are reunited and Hidetora comes to his senses. However, Saburo is promptly shot and killed by shooters that Jiro had sent out earlier. Overcome with grief, Hidetora dies, marking the end of the Ichimonji clan. When Kurogane hears that Lady Sué has been finally murdered by one of Jiro's men, Kurogane beheads Lady Kaede after she admits that all of her actions were to avenge herself against the Ichimonji clan and destroy it. Jiro, Kurogane, and all Jiro's men die in the battle with Ayabe's army that follows. The film ends with a shot of Tsurumaru, blind and alone, on top of the ruined castle."] ['The basic plot concept bears a strong similarity to the earlier movie Red Sun , also featuring Toshiro Mifune.'] 